The LackRack is of course the most famous datacenter solution from Ikea .
But more of their shiny furniture is capable of storing 19 " datacenter equipment .
This is a list .
First occurrence on eth0:2010 Winterlan , the LackRack is the ultimate , low - cost , high shininess solution for your modular datacenter - in - the - living - room .
Featuring the LACK ( side table ) from Ikea , the LackRack is an easy - to - implement , exact - fit datacenter building block .
It 's a little known fact that we have seen Google engineers tinker with Lack tables since way back in 2009 .
The LackRack will certainly make its appearance again this summer at eth0:2010 Summer .
Ikea LACK coffee table : almost twice as deep , and comes with a shelf .
Its size allows both short ends to be used as rack space simultaneously .
It 's interesting to note that Ikea photographed it from the side ; an uncommon artistic approach to 19 " server rack photography .
It provides for 8 U of hardware : 4 on either side of the shelf .
Following ICT tradition , the Enterprise Edition is more than three times as expensive , while providing less stability than two of the regular products combined .
Night table Edition
night table , also capable for installation of 19 " equipment ODDA , also capable for installation of 19 " equipment
Given the circumstances some people live in , having a LackRack near your comfy couch just does n't cut it .
For all those who would rather have the possibility to install 19 " equipment next to their bed , IKEA has the solution : ODDA .
This easily - movable night table apparently has 19 " measurements as well .
This has not been confirmed yet , however , rumor has it that this might be the new type of a portable rack we have seen earlier , with its first occurrence at revspace ( Picture at Twitpic ) .
The ODDA , though , will certainly provide more stability , though have less capacity regarding the number of rack units .
It is estimated that this product ( costing about EUR 40 in The Netherlands ) will roughly have 6 to 7U of rack space .
MediaRack
OPPLI , triple 6U media rack on wheels
For the home - theater minded , IKEA offers the media rack solution .
Capable of mounting three sets of 6U equipment on either the front or the back , there is ample space on top to place your television or stereo system .
OPPLI is 40 cm ( 17 " ) deep and is provided with five wheels underneath the bottom for easy relocating of your equipment .
Subject : close Lua forums at IcyNorth.com ?
: From : Luiz Henrique de Figueiredo < lhf@ ...>
: Luiz Henrique de Figueiredo < lhf@ ...>
Date : Sat , 16 Jan 2010 11:56:48 - 0200
After over 5 years of good service to the Lua community , Brett Kapilik has been thinking about closing down the IcyNorth.com site but he does n't want to lose the Lua forums currently at http://www.icynorth.com/forums/index.php?c=8 .
Brett is willing to work with anyone wishing to take these over to export the posts , etc. ( the forums use phpBB ) .
Is anyone interested to take over the hosting of the forums ?
While I do like the forums and I have contributed to them , it seems to me that http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/lua is currently a better , more dynamic , place for Lua questions .
Does anyone share this feeling ?
On the other hand , I do n't want to discourage anyone that wants to take over the forums ...
-- lhf
Tomorrow morning at 8:00 AM PST Cisco Systems will be making an announcement which will " forever change the Internet . "
This means we 've got a nearly all night to speculate , make bets , and daydream of life changing technologies .
[ ZDNet ]
Advertisement
BioWare is one of the most respected developers in the videogame industry .
From Baldur 's Gate to Mass Effect , BioWare has consistently dictated taste rather than react to it .
Its pioneering sense has not just lead to admiration , but also to a catalog of million - plus sellers , which is precisely why publishing giant Electronic Arts scooped it up in an expensive 2007 acquisition .
Thanks to its groundbreaking PC and console role - playing games , BioWare has both elevated the genre and established Canada as a world power in the gaming industry .
With their biggest game -- Mass Effect 2 -- now arriving , and their fifteenth anniversary just weeks away , it 's safe to say that BioWare is just getting started .
Videogame development can be among the most daunting fields to break into , but there are many paths to take .
BioWare 's founders met at the University of Alberta , where they were studying medicine .
Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuck first worked together programming educational software for the Faculty of Medicine .
The duo was soon joined by Augustine Yip , who collaborated with them on a medical simulation program .
Their work may have been satisfying in the sense that it helped to make people healthy , but there was a creative itch left unscratched .
Muzyka , Zeschuck and Yip relaxed by playing computer games and after a few years they realized that this was where their passion was .
The medical field was satisfying and lucrative , but it was time for the group to move on .
And it was precisely their success in medicine that afforded them the resources needed to start their next venture – a videogame company .
They pooled together $ 100,000 and set out to make their first game .
They developed a proof - of - concept demo for what would eventually become Shattered Steel .
Rooted in the tradition of MechWarrior , it featured an impressive high - res 3D engine with smooth , rolling hills reminiscent of NovaLogic 's voxel - powered games .
They submitted their demo to ten publishers , and to their surprise and delight , seven were willing to put an offer on the table .
They signed with Interplay , a move that would pay dividends in the near future .
The deal paid off their initial investment and gave them access to Interplay 's vast development resources .
Calgary - based Pyrotek Game Studios were contracted to aid BioWare in finishing the freshman effort .
BioWare was so happy with the collaboration , they would later hire away some of Pyrotek 's veterans .
Shattered Steel was a modest success , receiving positive reviews and seeing decent sales .
Of particular note was the detailed deformable terrain that allowed players to blast craters in the sides of hills , and zone damage that allowed strategic - minded sharpshooters to take out weapons mounted on enemies .
Interplay was pleased with the game , too , and a sequel was planned for 1998 .
It would never come to pass , as BioWare 's second game was about to completely eclipse anything Shattered Steel could have hoped for and define the company 's direction to this day .
BioWare 's founders have admitted they did n't expect much when they started their company , but this did n't stop them from thinking ahead .
Even as their first game was only halfway through production , they were hard at work on a very different sort of project , of a much broader scope .
BioWare 's founders and staff were passionate fans of role - playing games – both the computerized sort and their pen-and - paper ancestors – and they wanted to try their hand at a large - scale RPG of their own .
Interplay financed some exploratory development , and BioWare returned with a demo called Battleground : Infinity .
Their choice of partner proved to be quite fortunate indeed .
Upon seeing the demo , the publisher suggested it might be a good fit for the Dungeons & Dragons license , which it had just snatched away from SSI .
Infinity was recast in the world of Forgotten Realms .
The Advanced Dungeons & Dragons license would prove to be a bigger boon to the title than branding alone would suggest .
To BioWare , this was not just a mythology and a logo on the box , but a game they had a great deal of passion for , and whose rule book was not to be tampered with .
Virtually every RPG owes a debt to D&D , and Baldur 's Gate was in some ways an effort to take the genre back to its roots , but in a very modern package .
The decision to make a multi-player , real - time game based on AD&D rules was controversial at the time , drawing skepticism and even mockery from hardcore RPG fans .
Dungeons & Dragons had a rich tradition in computer gaming , strengthened during the days of SSI 's " Gold Box " series , and fans had a set concept of how its rules should be interpreted for the digital realm .
BioWare 's more modernized take proved , however , to be more in line with the mass audience 's tastes , particularly after Blizzard Entertainment 's Diablo brought Western RPGs to a new breed of gamer .
But Baldur 's Gate was no Diablo .
While Blizzard 's game was something of a modernized version of Rogue , BioWare 's creation put the focus on role - playing in the classic sense .
Every aspect of the game was designed around allowing the player to explore a deep story on his own terms , with his own character , and with plenty of room for individuals to have unique experiences .
This fresh approach may be owed to a certain naiveté on the part if the team .
Aside from BioWare 's founders , who had worked on Shattered Steel , no one on BioWare 's Baldur 's Gate team had ever worked full - time on a game before .
The development carried on for three long years , as both Diablo and Fallout primed the market for Western RPGs , and Final Fantasy VII brought role - playing to the largest audience yet .
It also saw BioWare 's founders finally face a career crossroads .
For most of Baldur 's Gate 's development , the three doctors continued to practice medicine by day , but by the project 's final year , the realities of game development became too demanding .
Muzyka and Zeschuck left the medical field and remain at the helm of BioWare , where they remain today .
Yip decided to leave to practice medicine full - time .
Baldur 's Gate set the tone for the rest of BioWare 's career .
While there may not be any one particular element that was revolutionary , it struck a unique balance of depth and accessibility .
It went on to sell more than two million copies , nearly matching Diablo 's numbers , making it the most successful Dungeons & Dragons title up to that point .
Others soon followed in BioWare 's footsteps , as the Infinity Engine was used for Planescape : Torment and the Icewind Dale series , making BioWare a leader in the computer RPG genre .
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti 
When Air Force special operations controllers stepped off a transport plane Wednesday night at Haiti 's main airport , they found chaos .
One day after the earthquake in Haiti struck , relief planes were coming in from all directions , landing on a first - come - first - served basis and getting too close to one another on the ground .
Nobody was coordinating .
Aid was n't moving .
The air - traffic control tower was damaged and unsafe .
So Sgt. Chris Grove , whose expertise extends to calling in airstrikes from the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan , brought his squad to a spot near the runway and set up what would become an air - traffic control center .
They went to talk to pilots on the ground .
" We told them , hey , we 're Air Force combat controllers .
We 're taking over the airfield , " Grove said .
From a dirt patch , two young American sergeants began directing air traffic for one of the largest humanitarian operations in history .
It was the beginning of an operation that , by Sunday , had unclogged one bottleneck preventing aid from reaching Haiti 's desperate population .
It was no magic bullet — relief officials searched for helicopter landing zones and overland routes through which to bring in aid .
By Sunday , the Air Force had landed some 300 planes , most of them laden with relief supplies .
Four large forklifts unloaded the pallets as they landed and the aid was shipped out on trucks and helicopters .
Incoming planes were required to file flight plans with landing times to ensure an orderly flow .
The Haitian government has signed an agreement granting the U.S. formal control of the airport .
" This is a herculean effort out here , " said Col .
Ben McMullen , who like virtually all American troops on the ground here is working 16 hours a day , sleeping on a cot and eating meals out of a plastic pouch .
" It feels great ; it really does .
That 's what we 're here for , is to land airplanes . "
More than 2,000 U.S. citizens have been evacuated , leaving " on every available aircraft , " Air Force Col .
Buck Elton said Sunday .
It did n't always go smoothly .
With only one forklift at first , the Air Force could n't quickly unload the planes coming in Thursday and Friday , McMullen said .
Because of that , and because the airport lacked ground refueling , many planes were turned away .
Some nations and aid groups did not initially cooperate with the U.S. military , McMullen said .
The Geneva - based aid group Doctors Without Borders said the bottleneck at the airport was " a major difficulty . "
It said a flight carrying its own inflatable hospital was denied landing clearance and was being trucked overland from Santo Domingo , delaying its arrival by 24 hours .
" I know we got some bad publicity about turning some away , but there was nothing we could do , " Grove said , standing on the airfield between landings .
" Our job is to run a safe and effective air - traffic control operation . "
On Sunday , all manner of aircraft , including a Chinese 747 jumbo jet , were lined up along the airfield .
Forklifts were unloading the pallets into convoys of trucks .
The drone of jet engines and helicopter rotors was constant .
When they first arrived , the Air Force special operators set up a headquarters in a rat - infested , trash - strewn hangar .
Now cleaned up , that has become the central military headquarters for the relief effort .
It 's where Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton met Haitian President René Préval on Saturday .
Contributing : The Associated Press
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission should avoid adopting strict net neutrality rules that would limit broadband providers ' flexibly to " address " illegal online file sharing , the Recording Industry Association of America said in comments filed with the FCC on Thursday .
Internet service providers should have authority to block subscribers from sharing music and other files without permission of the copyright owner , the RIAA said .
" ISPs are in a unique position to limit online theft , " the RIAA said in its comments .
" They control the facilities over which infringement takes place and are singularly positioned to address it at the source .
Without ISP participation , it is extremely difficult to develop an effective prevention approach . "
The FCC should not only avoid rules prohibiting ISPs from blocking illegal file trading , but it should actively encourage ISPs to do so , the RIAA said .
The deadline for a first round of comments in the FCC 's net neutrality / open Internet proceeding was late Thursday .
The FCC's Web site received 150 electronically filed comments in the net neutrality / open Internet proceeding on Thursday alone , while the commission has received tens of thousands of comments since it voted to launch the rulemaking proceeding in October .
Groups on both sides of the issue said more than 10,000 individuals supporting their side have filed comments in the proceeding .
Several large ISPs have rejected an RIAA suggestion that they kick subscribers out after three copyright violations .
The FCC launched its net neutrality proceeding prompted in part by Comcast 's decision to throttle subscribers ' use of the BitTorrent peer - to - peer file - sharing service , although Comcast said its reason was related to network congestion , not illegal file trading .
The FCC , however , suggested that broadband providers be allowed to engage in " reasonable network management , " including preventing the " lawful transfer of content , " in a notice of proposed rulemaking released in October .
Illegal filing sharing and congestion are closely related , said the RIAA , which was among the dozens of groups that filed comments in the net neutrality / open Internet proceeding before a midnight Thursday deadline for the first round of comments .
P - to - P networks make up about 20 percent of Internet traffic , the group said .
" Piracy , particularly piracy conducted by high - volume users , notoriously hogs bandwidth , " the RIAA said .
" Piracy wastes scarce network resources and crowds out legitimate uses of the network .
It costs more to bring broadband to additional areas because of this inflated bandwidth usage . "
Other groups called on the FCC to stay out of the copyright enforcement business .
If ISPs are required to check for copyright infringement , they could interfere with legal online activities , said six digital rights and business groups , including Public Knowledge , the Consumer Electronics Association and the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
ISPs are " poorly placed to determine whether or not transfers of content are infringing or otherwise unlawful , a task generally reserved to attorneys , courts , and law enforcement , " the groups said in a filing with the FCC .
" In short , the issue raised by broadening the ' reasonable network management ' exception to include copyright enforcement and the blocking of unlawful content is not whether ISPs may undertake these efforts , but rather whether they may inflict collateral damage on lawful traffic when they do so . "
In addition to the comments on copyright , several minority groups weighed in on net neutrality .
Twenty - three groups representing minorities and disabled people , including the Hispanic Technology and Telecommunications Partnership , 100 Black Men of America , and the Japanese American Citizens League , called on the FCC to focus instead on bringing broadband to areas that do n't yet have it .
Net neutrality rules could slow broadband providers ' investment in new networks , the groups said .
" We strongly urge the commission to ensure that there will be no delays in advancing initiatives to bridge the digital divide , " the groups said .
" Should our communities be left behind in broadband deployment and adoption as a result of any reactive policy , we know our constituents and members stand to miss out on important opportunities for economic attainment , educational achievement , affordable health care , and civic engagement . "
Other minority groups , including ColorofChange.org , Afro-Netizen , and National Association of Hispanic Journalists , encouraged the FCC to approve net neutrality rules .
" These regulations are necessary to ensure that all people -- especially people of color , who have been traditionally under and misrepresented on mainstream media -- enjoy opportunities to share their stories fairly and accurately , " National Hispanic Media Coalition President and CEO Alex Nogales , said in a statement .
" Unlike traditional media , the Internet is a forum where individuals can disseminate content and participate in civic discourse with relatively low barriers to entry . "
Tablets today are thought to be made in one of two ways : Upsizing a smartphone or downsizing a laptop .
Many of these new tablets are decent , but both methods render something less than the perfect tablet .
Advertisement
These tablets — not the convertible laptops of the past decade , but real single - pane slate - like ones — are in various stages of development , and have various operating systems .
You have your iPad , JooJoo , a bunch of Android tablets , HP 's slate , the as - yet - unseen Chrome OS tablets , the equally mysterious Courier , and the Microsoft - partner tablets that currently run a reasonably full version of Windows 7 .
You can easily categorize nearly all of these into two basic design philosophies :
The iPad and Android tablets come from platforms originally designed with smartphones in mind ; the Windows 7 tablets fully embrace the traditional desktop - metaphor OS ; the Chrome OS and JooJoo strip out most of the desktop , leaving — perhaps awkwardly — just the browser .
Advertisement
But what about the Courier ?
If there is such a thing as a " third " option , it 's what Microsoft dreamed up over the last year .
Microsoft , already has its fingers in both ends of the pie , but Courier represents a truly different envisioning .
Could the tablet that we 've really been waiting for come from Redmond ?
Maybe , but at the moment the fate of Courier is n't clear at all .
Making Phones Bigger
First you have the method of taking a phone interface and making it bigger .
That 's the iPad , the Android tablets and , in some modes , Lenovo 's Ideapad U1 .
Android tablets are basically doing an upscaling of the base Android interface , whereas the iPad also makes customized first - party apps to take advantage of the increased screen space .
Both can theoretically run all the apps their little brothers can .
Lenovo is also doing something very similar by creating a completely customized ground - up OS that 's sorta widget - based , which is basically a smartphone in everything but name .
( When docked , the U1 tablet becomes a screen for a Windows computer , but that 's another story . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So far , going up from a phone OS seems to be the better bet , compared to simplifying a desktop - style OS .
But the phone experience is far from perfect .
When you work off of a smartphone base , you theoretically already have the touch interface locked in , because Android , iPhone , Palm and other smartphones now eschew the skinny stylus for your fat finger .
It 's a more natural pointing device for a tablet , since you can hold the device in one hand while pointing at it with the other .
If you were to use a stylus , you 'd have to grip the tablet with your forearm , like a watermelon or a baby , in order to provide a stable enough surface to press down upon with a pen .
Advertisement
Also , because you 're working with a phone - up methodology , you get to sell a tablet relatively cheap by using high - end phone parts rather than low - end netbook parts .
For example , you have Android tablets that are made from ARM processors and Nvidia Tegra graphics , which are basically meant to run high - end phones .
Then there 's the Apple A4 processor , which is also ARM - based .
Advertisement
So for these manufacturers , they already have the type of modularized applications with minimal multitasking ( in Apple 's case , basically none ) that can run decently well on low - powered hardware .
Plus , this type of system requirements basically guarantees that you 'll have a better battery life than the alternative .
Jesus already sung much of the praises of this approach when he correctly surmised that the iPad would have this style of operating system .
But what about the negatives ?
Advertisement
If you 're building a tablet from a phone OS , you would fail to have a completely stand - alone device , in the sense that a laptop is completely standalone .
You could n't have file access to dump photos , video and other media onto , you 'd have to sync it to something else once in a while to get everything you need .
And you have to go through a marketplace instead of installing stuff like a computer .
Advertisement
There is also no real way for apps to interact with each other .
There 's copy and paste on smartphones , and certain apps can read data files from certain other apps ( like the contact list ) , but there 's no way to interact like dragging and dropping files across applications .
In the iPhone , you can't even multitask to work on two things simultaneously .
You can on Android , but there 's minimal interaction between applications .
That 's not saying it can't be done , it 's just not so entrenched in the base OS or the base philosophy that application developers do n't do it very often .
If the OS maker does n't do it , developers wo n't either .
Also , because phones are a very isolated experience , App Stores make it much easier to find apps that are both customized for your device and safe to install .
This is great for phones , since stability is important , but when you 're getting into higher - performance devices , you want the ability to choose what apps you want , not just pick from the ones that Apple or Google deem OK for you to consume .
And since this kind of tablet is adapted from the phone ecosystem , that 's the only choice you have .
Advertisement
To have a very good experience on any sort of serious computing device ( not a phone ) , you need interactivity .
An example on the Mac is the way your Mail application knows if someone is online in iChat , and shows a little light by his name , telling you that you can just IM him instead of emailing .
Interactivity like this is part of the base design experience of Courier , judging on the videos we posted .
You can move parts of each application easily into any other application , and each piece knows what 's being dumped onto it .
The current state of phones can't , and do n't this co-mingling philosophy engrained into it .
Advertisement
Peripherals is something else a phone - based OS can't handle well .
You 're limited to a specific number of device accessories that needs to be vetted in order to ensure compatibility .
Even the iPad , which has a few more accessories than the iPhone ( like a keyboard ) , does n't have nearly the amount of compatibility as a desktop .
A tablet needs to learn this lesson from desktops in order to be truly useful .
Plug in a keyboard ?
Sure .
A firewire camera to have the device act as a target storage device ?
Absolutely .
Another tablet , so you can have twice the amount of display area ?
Why the hell not .
Print ?
Yes .
All this stuff is doable on phone devices , if developers wanted to .
Hell , anything is possible if you want it to be .
None of this stuff is against the laws of physics , it 's just a matter of wanting to put it in .
There 's no reason why these phone - based OSes can't accept peripherals , multitask , and do everything better than a phone .
It 's just against the design philosophy .
Advertisement
But not all of this is software .
There are certain hardware expectations that can't be met with the current batch of phone OSes .
If you 're looking at devices on a curve , you have your phone , then your tablet , then your laptop and your desktop .
As the size of a increases , your expectation for power does too , and battery life decreases in accordance .
So theoretically , in a tablet device , you 'd want to have one significant step up in performance over phones , which we 're not seeing in these devices .
I 'm not talking just running the same applications faster , with upscaled graphics , I 'm talking entirely new things you can only do with increased processing power .
Stuff like true multitasking , games that are actually noticeably better than cellphone games , light media editing ( not as good as a laptop , of course ) and media playback of all kinds , handling all sorts of codecs .
That 's right , people expect more functionality and power with that bigger screen .
Android 's tablets run Android apps pretty fast , but not so fast that they 're on an entirely new level .
Widget - ized computing may prove to be practical , something people need as a second device .
But for anybody in need of real heavy - duty computing , like Photoshop photo editing or Final Cut video processing , the design of a tablet simply wo n't do .
Advertisement
Shrinking PCs Down
Then , you have the people who have taken a windows - style desktop - metaphor interface and simplified it for a tablet .
There 's the HP slate , which runs Windows 7 but , knowing HP , will come with a friendly TouchSmart skin to hide Windows from sight while you 're doing basic media and ( hopefully ) social stuff .
There are various other Windows 7 tablets , including the Archos 9 , basically just Windows 7 machines stripped of their keyboard .
( Some have styluses . )
Advertisement
What makes no sense about the new crop of Windows - powered tablets is that they are based on a design concept that is already proven not to work .
You 'll recall back to the first time Microsoft tried these tablets , with Windows XP Tablet PC Edition , around the turn of the century , and you 'll remember that although the premise was neat , the execution had no unique functionality , no specific base of great apps , from Microsoft or anybody else .
It was just a regular laptop with a stylus interface thrown in .
What has changed ?
Now you can use your finger , instead :
There are benefits : Excellent peripheral support , the ability to install custom applications , true multitasking and cross - app interactivity , enhanced media performance , etc .
In short , everything you expect from a low - powered Windows laptop , you can more or less expect here .
But that extra boost of juice , that ongoing background chatter , demand more on the system .
The downside is that battery is never remotely as good , and you have to deal with old - world Windows issues , like slower boot times , sleep issues , and , yes , viruses .
Advertisement
HP has worked hard to sell the concept of the touch PC with their TouchSmart platform .
We have seen the desktop all - in - one TouchSmarts running multitouch Windows 7 but there was n't a lot of software for them .
Now , HP appears to be pinning its hopes to the slate , presumably giving a nice " tablet " interface on top of Windows 7 when you need it , but with the ability to pop back into desktop mode when you do n't .
That 's fine , better even , but it 's not a coherent computing experience .
Since it 's ultimately a desktop OS , it 's not designed for the type of input schemes you have on tablets .
Besides , what happens when something running in the background crashes or demands attention ?
Nothing will shake you from your tablet reverie like an unexpected alert from the good people of Norton that your PC is in grave danger of being violated .
Unless the tablet - friendly environment is more than skin deep , like the ones phone developers now use to hide Windows Mobile , the whole thing is a wash .
By delaying on the Courier and promoting Windows 7 touch tablets , Microsoft 's making the same kind of mistake that made WinCE devices ( Windows Mobile ) slow and clunky .
They 're offering up their standard base operating system and just telling people to add a skin on top , which is not the way to a tablet revolution .
Advertisement
Desktop Lite : The Browser - Only Approach
Frankly , we 're not sure where to put JooJoo and the mysterious Chrome OS .
Their philosophy ?
Why design a whole new OS when you can take the screen most people stare at most often — the web browser — and effectively limit your OS to that .
Sure , web apps are only going to get better , richer .
But this approach seems to take the limitations of both the phone and the desktop - metaphor OS , with almost none of the benefits of either .
Advertisement
Everything we 've seen from the Chrome OS , both early on and more recently , suggests that it is typical white - on - black boring Google desktop style .
We hope there 's a trick or two up its sleeve , because if it 's just a Chrome browser in a box , it might suffer .
Advertisement
We know more about the JooJoo .
What 's nice about it is that , presumably like the Chrome , its browser is a real WebKit PC browser , not a skimpy mobile one , so it supports Flash and Silverlight , and therefore Hulu , YouTube in HD , and other great video experiences .
It does have a 1MP webcam , as well , but it 's only for " video conferencing , " if and when a browser - based video Skype comes along .
What We Need Is a Third Approach
The tablet operating system problem is one that no one has actually solved in the thirty - something years of personal computing , even though tablets have been in the public 's imagination for at least that long .
Advertisement
The Tablets of Our Dreams Computers in movies look nothing like the beasts we lug around today .
They 're thin and light , a… Read more
The biggest players , Apple , Google and Microsoft have huge investments in both desktop and mobile software , and seem to attack this tablet problem from attacking with both Android and Chrome OS .
They 're all using their previous knowledge to get a head start .
This is bad .
Neither of these two solutions is optimal .
Advertisement
Surprisingly enough , it 's Microsoft — preoccupied as it is with mobile and desktop — that 's perhaps closest to this golden mean of tablets .
If you watch the Courier video above , you 'll notice that it 's an entirely new class of interface .
It does n't have anything reminiscent of applications , which are the way phones do it , and it does n't have the traditional windowing ( lower - case ) for programs , which is what desktops use .
It 's kinda just one big interface where everything talks to everything else , where you can do stuff in a natural way that makes sense .
Or take a look at this video .
Again , it 's neither phone nor desktop — it 's designed with finger pointing in mind , optimized for this middle - ground in screen size .
This is just a concept render , but it serves the point :
We 're looking for something completely new with an interface that " just works " for the device , giving you features from the desktop - side such as multitasking , serious computing and the ability to run any app without having to go through a locked - down application store funnel .
But we also do n't want to sacrifice the gestures , fingerability or light - weightness that you gain from smartphones .
Advertisement
It might never happen .
It takes years and massive amounts of manpower to create a new operating system .
Microsoft 's taking forever just getting Windows Phone into the 21st century .
While we have faith ( somehow ) that Microsoft will revamp its mobile franchise in its 7th iteration , it 's unlikely that they would also then push out an entirely new operating system anytime in the next few years .
More problematic is the recent insistence by Steve Ballmer at CES that Windows 7 tablets are the solution , when they very clearly are not .
If not Microsoft , then who ?
Apple and Google have already shown what they plan to do in the tablet space — and their operating systems may grow and develop in ways only hinted at now .
The iPhone platform is not bad , and if they can break through the glass ceiling described above , it could be the answer .
Google Chrome OS could also manifest itself in unexpected ways , even if we currently do n't have too much optimism .
Until that day arrives — or until the unlikely event that an upstart designs a seriously revolutionary OS and accompanying hardware platform to deliver it on — we'll have to make do with our big phones and keyboardless laptops .
In other words , the higher our expectations , the more likely we are to be disappointed .
A few months after the study 's release , the former political editor of Britain 's Observer newspaper sparked fears that the dream of '' having it all ' ' may have been little more than a mirage when she wrote of having to quit her fantasy job because it did n't leave enough time for her family , let alone a life .
Gaby Hinsliff 's lament made headlines around the world and led to a flurry of me - toos and soul - searching .
The barbecue - stopper debate about work - life balance is a constant , but Hinsliff 's comments seemed to hit a raw nerve .
Was it because now that having it all - the glittering career , the loving children , the fancy digs - seems more possible than ever , women are suddenly wondering whether all is simply too much to handle ?
CARLY Moran , 34 , loved her consultancy job briefing multinational executives on the peculiarities of the Australian market .
So , nine months after her first child was born , she went back three days a week and continued her regular interstate trips - carting her mother along to help look after the baby .
She continued working after her second child was born , though cut back to two days in the office and got rid of the travel .
Initially , it was great being back with her colleagues , exercising her brain , earning respect for talents other than blowing raspberries .
Then a client function was held on Moran 's day off and she could n't attend .
It was n't a huge deal .
It was , however , the first of a series of hairline cracks that began appearing in her life .
Like the day she had to try to counsel a client over the phone while ''at the park , pushing my two - year - old on the swing and breastfeeding the baby ' ' .
Then there were the times when her husband ( a lawyer ) mentioned he needed to get into the office early the next day '' and I 'd say , ' That 's my day at work , I have to be there early ' . ''
Or seeing all the areas where her business could grow , but knowing she '' could n't do it … I could n't do what I considered to be a proper job '' because she simply did n't have the time .
Eventually , six months in , Moran said to her husband '' either I do five days a week and we get a nanny or I have to quit ' ' .
Once upon a time , work - life collision meant little more than some finger - painting on your report to the board , or a very small person getting a hold of your Dictaphone to demonstrate their farting prowess for your secretary .
Nowadays it 's a lot more serious .
Every new survey , it seems , shows our time being devoured by work , as leisure activities , conversation , even sleep disappear from our lives .
According to the latest figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics , 47 per cent of women and 43 per cent of men often or always feel rushed or pressed for time .
It 's even higher for two - parent families with young children ; 67 per cent of mothers and 61 per cent of fathers feel frequently or constantly rushed , though the bureau does n't specify whether they 're working or not .
All the pressure is claiming casualties .
According to a 2008 survey of professionals by consultancy firm Beaton , 29 per cent of respondents said work interfered with their family to a high degree .
Further , 36 per cent of childless women blamed career for their lack of a family , while 39 per cent of mothers said they had delayed having children because of their jobs .
University of New England professor of sociology Michael Bittman has been studying time pressure and health and , though his findings are not yet published , he believes feeling pressed for time ' ' often ' ' to '' always ' ' entails a health risk the equivalent of binge drinking or smoking .
There is a cost to '' having it all ' ' , he says .
Moran , like Hinsliff , decided it was n't possible to juggle everything at once ( though she plans to return to work at some point and wonders whether she might have kept working had she been in a career that better lent itself to child - rearing ) .
She has been a stay - at - home mother for 12 months now ( as of 10 weeks ago , a stay - at - home mother of three ) and says she and her family are much happier .
'' I just did n't feel like I was doing anything well , '' she says .
Others continue to juggle .
Jane Rainey , 40 , tried being a stay - at - home mother after her son Teddy ( now 4 ½ ) was born .
But she was unhappy .
' ' I needed the mental stimulation of the job , '' she says .
After advice from health workers , she returned to work - managing husband David Friend 's show , Puppetry of the Penis - when Teddy was three months old .
By the time her son was eight months , ' ' he had five different stamps in his passport ' ' , she says .
Rainey now has a more nine - to - five job as a talent producer on the ABC's Spicks & Specks , while Teddy is in childcare for two days a week and at home with his father for three .
SYDNEY lawyer Kate sometimes thinks it would be easier if she and husband Tim ( we 've changed their names for privacy ) '' were a more traditional family ' ' .
But Tim , who had planned to be a stay - at - home father , realised after six months at home with their second child that '' he'd go mad ' ' .
'' Neither of us is someone who would be entirely happy staying home full - time . ''
The couple decided to work four days each , spend a day apiece caring for their two children and take turns leaving work early to collect the kids from childcare .
This year , with both children in school , the couple will each spread four days ' work over five , so they are home for their children in the afternoon .
So they 've found the answer ?
It 's a pretty good balance , says Kate , but '' there 's no such thing as having it all ' ' .
There are school musicals in the middle of major transactions , midnight oil burnt the evening before a day off , a ' ' list a mile long ' ' of things that need to be done and careers progressing more slowly than they 'd like .
Kate , like a sizeable chunk of Australian workers , according to the 2009 Australian Work and Life Index , wishes she could work less . '' [ But ] you 're really choosing not to progress career - wise if you drop down to three days , '' she says .
Even on four , Kate often feels she 's treading water .
'' If I had n't had kids , I would probably have made partner a long time ago , '' she says .
'' Other people are prepared to give their career 150 per cent and you can't compete with that if you want to see your family . ''
It 's even harder for Tim because some of his colleagues can't understand why a man would work part - time to help bring up the kids , she says .
( When Hinsliff 's essay came out , the director of the London - based Demos think tank , Richard Reeves , said it could be harder for men to balance work and family because bosses could n't get used to the idea '' that men might be involved in child - rearing ' '. )
One thing Moran , Rainey , Kate and Tim have in common is supportive partners .
And all say it 's a crucial factor in achieving a happy balance .
Moran says she would not be so happy as a full - time carer but for the fact that her husband never assumed it would be her that stayed home and ' ' genuinely values what I do ' ' .
'' He sees it as a valuable job , not just someone who cooks , irons and changes nappies . ''
AS OF this year , Australian parents have the right to ask for flexible working arrangements as well as an extra 12 months ' unpaid parental leave after they have a baby .
An 18 - week , government - funded parental leave scheme will be introduced in 2011 .
And these policies come on top of the existing 50 per cent childcare rebate for working families , plus a childcare benefit for poorer families .
But whether these policies will do much to even the scales is debatable .
Barbara Pocock , director of the Centre for Work and Life at the University of South Australia , says the ' ' right to ask ' ' is a ' ' modest but important step ' ' that will make it easier for more workers to ask for and receive flexibility ( many white - collars are already asking and getting , but not so many blue - collars ) .
But , she says , while the additional unpaid leave will be helpful for those who can afford a year out , it wo n't do much for low - income families .
Pocock believes some of the policies on offer in other countries would not go astray here .
Denmark , for example , provides heavily subsidised childcare .
Norway offers 44 weeks of parental leave with full salary compensation and has had some success sharing the childcare load between men and women by making a portion of parental leave use - it or lose - it paternal leave .
And then there 's France with the 35 - hour working week .
'' Countries that have extended paid leave … have much better participation rates and high levels of worker wellbeing , '' Pocock says , '' and countries that are trying to cut hours of work and rein in greedy jobs … have much better ( worker ) outcomes and high levels of gender equity . ''
As a rich country , Australia should aspire to limits on working hours , Pocock says .
As it is , nearly one in five Australians works 49 hours or more a week and an increasing number are stuck in ever '' greedier ' ' jobs , with extended hours , intense work , a lack of paid leave and technologies that '' reach into the home ' ' .
Such jobs are particularly difficult for carers , like Hinsliff , '' whose terms of employment just sucked ' ' , Pocock says , '' and there are a big bunch of women like [ her ] who are saying , ' I ca n't do this any more ' . ''
Still , government policy is unlikely to do much if - as ethicist and author Clive Hamilton contends - we 're driven to overwork less by actual need than by a neverending cycle of consumption ( the more we have , the less we 're satisfied , the more we want ) and a growing tendency to define ourselves by what we have .
And by what job we do .
Hinsliff admits that she needs to find a new identity '' that does n't start lamely with , ' Well , I used to be … ' ''
None of the jugglers interviewed by The Sunday Age could nominate a government policy that would end the work - life imbalance .
Juggler , broadcaster and New Inventors host James O'Loghlin believes '' there 's no point waiting ( for a government solution ) because you 'll get to 50 or 60 and you 'll think : ' I paid off my house nine years ago and yet I 'm never going to get that time back ' . ''
O'Loghlin recently stopped working as an evening presenter on 702 ABC Sydney because his eldest daughter ( he has three children with actor Lucy Bell ) was starting school and he did n't want to be leaving for work just as she was getting home .
Even before that , O'Loghlin had seriously cut down on the hours he spent at work after thinking about what he really wanted from life , and how he could achieve it .
'' Once you 've made finding more time a priority … there are a lot of ways to do it , '' he says ( though he hastens to add that not all employees have so much control over their work ) .
O'Loghlin , whose book How To Balance Your Life was published last year , stopped '' chatting to people about how their weekend was every five minutes , because I had it in my mind that … every time I stuffed around at work that was extra time I could have spent with my kids ' ' .
He worked on the train on the way home and after the children had gone to bed .
Too many people stay at work from eight till six because they think it's what the boss expects '' when all the employer cares about is that you do a good job ' ' , he says .
AS PART of its study on women 's happiness , the US Bureau of Economic Research asked teenagers to rate the importance of a range of areas in their lives .
The researchers found that teenage girls were increasingly attaching more importance to almost all areas of their lives .
'' Teenage girls … ( are ) telling us everything is becoming more important , '' researcher Betsey Stevenson told CNN .
'' They 're telling us that being a good child , being a good parent when they grow up , being a leader in their community , being a good employee , all of these things have become more important and what it 's costing them is time for leisure . ''
The head of the British Girls ' Schools Association , Jill Berry , put it more bluntly when she said that young women today were facing unprecedented pressure to be '' perfect ' ' .
Unless educators gave girls realistic expectations about '' having it all ' ' , The Guardian reported Berry as saying , they were in danger of betraying them .
Is the dream of '' having it all ' ' officially over ?
Maybe not .
Moran agrees expectations can be a problem , but not high expectations : other people 's ( '' If you 're intelligent … you 're meant to want to work , '' she says ) .
Hamilton , meanwhile , says we need to broaden our expectations , not lower them , '' so that a fulfilling and worthwhile life can be had in many , many different ways rather than in just busting a gut to get a high TER and then getting a degree and a high - paying job ' ' .
He invokes economist John Maynard Keynes , who once said that when humans reach a certain level of wealth - which Hamilton says we are now at - they '' would be able to cultivate ' the art of life ' . ''
Indeed , in Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren , Keynes says it is only when we are free from '' pressing economic cares ' ' that the real challenge begins .
'' Man will be faced with his real , his permanent problem : how … to live wisely and agreeably and well . ''
O'Loghlin , who has just taken his kids to see the film Tooth Fairy , '' the moral of which is to have dreams ' ' , is feeling inspired .
'' Part of the reason people are stuck … not seeing enough of their children or having enough of another life … is they 're not dreaming , they 're thinking it 's good enough just to have a decent earning and a plasma screen TV , '' he says .
'' Wanting it all is a fantastic aim if you actually think about what ' it all ' means . ''
Everyone always dreams of getting super powers and using them in the eternal fight for good ( or , in some cases , fame and fortune ) .
But what if it was n't about the BIG issues ?
What if you could just use a super power to help in day - to - day life ?
Now , everyone will jump to powers such as being bullet - proof for police officers , or having water powers for fire fighters , but that 's still a bit on the heroic side .
What we 're talking about is practicality !
With a little Twitter crowd - sourcing , we 've compiled a list of super powers and the day - to - day jobs they could be practically applied to .
Feel free to add your own in the comments !
Super Strength : Fruit Pickers - instead of relying on those tree shakers , one person should smack the ground and all the fruit comes down Super Speed : Postal Workers - Would make the daily rounds go a lot faster Weather Control : Elementary School Teachers - the ability to turn off the rain when it 's time for recess Elasticity : Plumbers - who needs a rooter device when you could just reach down a pipe and clear the clog ?
Phase Shifting : Electricians - nice to be able to re-wire a house without knocking a lot of holes in the walls Clairaudience / Super - hearing : Librarians - like they do n't have it already Flight : Roofers - saves a lot of time going up and down the ladder Multiplicity : Daycare Workers - when the kids start going a little crazy , there 's always someone around to help Accelerated healing : Florist - makes working with roses all day a little less intimidating Acid Generation : Blue Jeans Maker - ' cause acid wash is coming back , baby !
Animal Mimicry : Zoo Keeper - for those days when the Bonobo is sick , but the crowds still want to see poo flung Echolocation : Caddie - always find your client 's golf ball no matter where it landed in the rough Invisibility : Movie Theater Usher - catching those camcorder pirate will be a piece of cake now Invulnerability : Crash Test Dummy - the job , not the band Kinetic Absorption : Football Linebackers ' Coach - they can grade tackles very subjectively Merging / Combining : Wedding Planners - the caterer and coordinator combine to become the minister Self - detonation or Explosion : Stunt Man - makes the effect budget a lot cheaper if the stun man blows up without additional pyrotechnics Sonic Scream : Quality Control in a Glass Factory - it 's not the wavelength , it 's the frequency Superhuman Breath : Barista - steam the milk with a straw X - ray Vision : TSA Employee - might make the lines move a little faster Telescopic Vision : Tornado Chaser - because the school teacher got the weather control Wallcrawling : House Painter - no more scaffolding Waterbreathing : Pool Cleaner - for that hand - washed look Astral Projection : Museum Docent - saves a lot on new shoes if you do n't actually have to walk around Empathy : DMV Employee - it could revolutionize the service Telepathy : Waiter / Waitress - Your glass of water would always be refilled ... until you were n't thirsty anymore Animation : Housecleaner - efficiency the likes of only Mickey Mouse could imagine Darkness or Shadow Manipulation : Black & White Photographer - anyone could be the next Ansel Adams Density Control : Kevin Smith - then he'd never get kicked off another Southwest flight Disintegration : Busboy - ensuring clean plates down to the molecular level Elemental Transmutation : Pawn Broker - every gold chain is 24 carat Gravity Manipulation : Personal Trainer - you 'd only need a bar and one pair of dumbbells for a complete weight training facility Light Manipulation : Real Estate Agent - then every house could have " great afternoon light " Magnetism Manipulation : Supermarket Shopping Cart Wrangler - get along little doggies Mass Manipulation : Carnival Game Runner - win the " guess your weight " game every time Molecular Manipulation : Short Order Cook - make sure the plate of grits that 's been sitting waiting for 10 minutes is still hot when the waitress shows up Probability Manipulation : Dungeon Master - because you never want your players doing TOO well Radiation Manipulation : Animal Rights Activist - you could save the cat every time Time Manipulation : Tax Accountant - take on more clients and spread the work out Air and Wind Manipulation : Air Traffic Controller - constant headwinds make for quicker take - offs and landings Cold and Ice Manipulation : Bartender - no need to put ice in the shaker Earth Manipulation : Organic Farmer - watch out , Monsanto Plant Manipulation : Topiary Artist at Disneyland - talk about a dream job Electrical Manipulation : Prison Guard - keep the prisoners on their best behavior by dimming the lights , and then humming " another one bites the dust " Fire and Heat Manipulation : Furnace Repairman - " Sorry , sir , but it seems to be working fine now " Water and Moisture Manipulation : Spa Attendant - it 's a sauna , it 's a steam room , it 's a sauna , it 's a steam room Illusion : Politician - sometimes the jokes just write themselves Shapeshifting : Car Salesman - when the first guy goes to " get his manager , " can you really be sure it 's a different person ?
Summoning : Valet - make sure the right car shows up immediately Telekinesis : Bowling Alley Operator - just in case the pinsetter breaks down
Special thanks to the following for their suggestions : John Madden , Luke McKean , Jenny Williams , Chuck Gamble , Matt Blum , Matt Rower , Matt Middleton , D.A. Schweiss , Bactchan , Joshua Miller , Nathan Barry , floax , Lorri Miller , kpereyra ( my 1st autograph ! ) , and Jonathan Liu .
Much of this list of super powers was culled from Wikipedia .
Regardless of what you think about health care , tomorrow we wake up in a different political world .
Parties have passed legislation before that was n't broadly publicly supported .
But the only substantial instances I can think of in America are budget bills and TARP -- bills that the congressmen were basically forced to by emergencies in the markets .
One cannot help but admire Nancy Pelosi 's skill as a legislator .
But it 's also pretty worrying .
Are we now in a world where there is absolutely no recourse to the tyranny of the majority ?
Republicans and other opponents of the bill did their job on this ; they persuaded the country that they did n't want this bill .
And that mattered basically not at all .
If you do n't find that terrifying , let me suggest that you are a Democrat who has not yet contemplated what Republicans might do under similar circumstances .
Farewell , Social Security !
Au revoir , Medicare !
The reason entitlements are hard to repeal is that the Republicans care about getting re-elected .
If they did n't -- if they were willing to undertake this sort of suicide mission -- then the legislative lock - in you 're counting on would n't exist .
Oh , wait -- suddenly it does n't seem quite fair that Republicans could just ignore the will of their constituents that way , does it ?
Yet I guarantee you that there are a lot of GOP members out there tonight who think that they should get at least one free " Screw You " vote to balance out what the Democrats just did .
If the GOP takes the legislative innovations of the Democrats and decides to use them , please do n't complain that it 's not fair .
Someone could get seriously hurt , laughing that hard .
But I hope they do n't .
What I hope is that the Democrats take a beating at the ballot boxand rethink their contempt for those mouth - breathing illiterates in the electorate .
I hope Obama gets his wish to be a one - term president who passed health care .
Not because I think I will like his opponent -- I very much doubt that I will support much of anything Obama 's opponent says .
But because politicians should n't feel that the best route to electoral success is to lie to the voters , and then ignore them .
We 're not a parliamentary democracy , and we do n't have the mechanisms , like votes of no confidence , that parliamentary democracies use to provide a check on their politicians .
The check that we have is that politicians care what the voters think .
If that slips away , America 's already quite toxic politics will become poisonous .
Hello and welcome to Marooned , a longform humor and adventure comic about Captain John and his robot sidekick Asimov who get stuck on Mars .
The following strips introduce you to the story and the characters .
Above : John and Asimov are not alone on Mars .
In fact , John was not the first human to land on Mars .
Captain Lian
Fisher arrived before him – and she has undergone some changes ( that ’s her with the blue hair ! )
Asimov likes to take John down a notch or two whenever he can .
Above : John was befriended by the local Martians .
Ugo is the green fellow , and appears to be some kind of leader – and quite friendly .
And this is John ’s introduction to the young orphan girl , Ril – the little lady in pink .
Above : After a conflict with Bob , the crazy robot , John and Asimov have some personal time .
I guess Asimov is n’t the sentimental type .
Above : Eventually John and Asimov look into how they got stranded on Mars – it seems it might have been intentional .
Asimov and Ril had to cut their way out of the Destiny II ( John ’s ship ) after a sandstorm nearly destroyed them .
Above : Asimov and Ril were alone at the ship because John had become very sick .
Ugo was taking him to some other Martians called “ The Dark Ones ” in hopes of getting help .
Meanwhile , Ril convinced Asimov to go and try and find John .
Above :
They are able to find The Dark Ones ( also called the Volotrum ) , where it turns out John did get some help .
This fellow does n’t seem all that friendly , does he ?
Above : The Dark Ones bring them to John , who has been healed by Lian Fisher who is now called The Listener .
She has a strange gem embedded in her forehead and eyes like the Dark Ones .
Above :
In healing John , Lian fell into a coma .
John appeals to her to help her find her way back from her dilemma .
Important because her sickness is causing “ mindquakes ” in the tunnels which could kill them all .
Above : John ’s appeal does n’t work , and the mindquakes have drawn unwanted attention .
They must now all confront the threat of the Krosa , some sort of dangerous enemy of the Dark Ones .
Above : Meanwhile , Lian makes peace with herself and her condition , and is able to respond to John ’s plea by following “ the beats ” – a sort of dance the Dark Ones do to amplify the power of the mindstones .
Above : Lian returns , and is vastly more powerful that she was before .
She dispatches the Krosa , who vow to return .
Above : John assumed they would now all return back in safety to Ugo ’s underground city , but Lian informs him that she will not be coming with him .
Want to find out more ?
You can start reading from the beginning if you want the details of the whole story .
Alternately , you can start reading at these key points :
Simon Goddard says : The US edition ofnow has an official publication date of , 2010 .
It comes out on theimprint of Penguin / Viking and at full price will deprive the American wallet of no less than three Hamiltons .
But those global bargain - mongers at Amazon.com are alreadyat $ 20 .
By my reckoning that ’s roughly the same as a good lunch in New York ’s ( who do the best vegan tiramisu on the planet ) so almost “ a snip ” .
The book is exactly the same as the UK edition ( bar one new entry for Swords if the typesetter can find a way to cram in , or possibly not ) but at least it means that anybody in the Land of the Free who wishes to read it no longer has to pay silly money to get one shipped over from Blighty .
By pleasant coincidence September 28 also happens to be the birthday ofentrant , who ’ll be 76 this year .
from : http://simongoddardwords.blogspot.com/2010/03/mozipedi-u-s.html
When I see a pro-reality message on someone else 's vehicle or person , it immediately puts a smile on my face .
I 'd like to be able to provide that experience for other atheists .
When I encounter pro-reality messages , I feel a bit less alone .
I 'd like to help other atheists feel a little less alone .
I 'd like to be able to take advantage of the same right to free expression that Christians take advantage of on a regular basis and without fear of consequences .
I 'd like to be able to celebrate the atheist part of my identity .
It means something to me , and I am tired of feeling that I must hide it .
I realize that what I experience as an atheist living in Mississippi is a bit different from what those of you in more enlightened areas experience .
My experience here shapes how I view the world , and there is simply no getting around that fact .
But I 've found myself thinking lately that I want to be more than a passive recipient of my environment ; I want to shape it as well .
I 'm going to look at atheist t- shirts , vehicle emblems , and the like as examples of what I 'm talking about .
Each time I leave my home , I can count on running into countless Jesus bumper stickers and car decals and at least one person who will be wearing an over - the - top Jesus t- shirt .
This is a reflection of the widespread Christian privilege where I live , but it also represents my neighbors ' exercise of their right to free expression .
I sometimes find myself feeling envious of this I do not affix any sort of atheist - oriented , pro science , or anti-religion symbols to my car for fear of vandalism .
I would like to be able to do so , but I refrain .
I do not generally wear clothing with such messages in public for fear of physical assault , but I would like to be able to do so more frequently .
Why ?
Given that I am not particularly interested in having religious conversations with complete strangers in public , why would I have any interest in having such messages on my vehicle or on my person ?
How about you ?
Do you wear atheist t- shirts , have pro-reality messages on your vehicle , etc . ?
If not , would you like to be able to do so without having to be as concerned about the consequences of doing so ?
Editor ’s note : Below is a fairly technical post from OpenDNS engineer and noted security researcher Matthew Dempsky introducing DNSCurve and sharing some thoughts on DNSSEC .
Readers of this blog know Matthew has been credited with finding vulnerabilities in both Adobe Flash Player and djbdns .
Everyone in the DNS community agrees that DNS ’s security model is woefully outdated .
Conceived at a time when there were fewer computers on the Internet than are housed by even today ’s smallest data centers , DNS unfortunately has no strong protection against malicious parties hoping to exploit web users .
What little protection it does offer is mostly derived from novel uses of non-security features ( e.g. , UDP source port and transaction ID randomization ) .
For more than 15 years , the IETF has been working on DNSSEC , a set of extensions to apply digital signatures to DNS .
Millions of dollars in government grants and several reboots from scratch later , DNSSEC is just starting to see real world testing .
And that testing is minimal — only about 400 of the more than 85,000,000 .com domains support DNSSEC , fewer than 20 % of US government agencies met their mandated December 31 , 2009 deadline for DNSSEC deployment , and only two of the thirteen root zone name servers is testing with even dummy DNSSEC data .
Aside from its lack of adoption , DNSSEC is n’t even a very satisfactory solution .
It adds tremendous complexity to an already fragile protocol , significantly increases DNS traffic in size , encourages questionable security practices , and hamstrings many modern uses of DNS .
Details
Complexity : DNSSEC has many options for enabling / disabling DNSSEC validation , with conflicting interpretations of how to handle different bits ; considering people still disagree about how to handle features of DNS that have been present since its inception , I foresee these wo n’t be resolved anytime soon .
DNSSEC has many options for enabling / disabling DNSSEC validation , with conflicting interpretations of how to handle different bits ; considering people still disagree about how to handle features of DNS that have been present since its inception , I foresee these wo n’t be resolved anytime soon .
DNS traffic : Responses right now are usually limited to 512 bytes , sometimes a little more .
DNSSEC enabled responses regularly exceed 1500 bytes , requiring IP fragmentation or fallback to TCP .
IP fragmentation frequently fails with misconfigured firewalls and using TCP is much slower than the default UDP transport .
Responses right now are usually limited to 512 bytes , sometimes a little more .
DNSSEC enabled responses regularly exceed 1500 bytes , requiring IP fragmentation or fallback to TCP .
IP fragmentation frequently fails with misconfigured firewalls and using TCP is much slower than the default UDP transport .
Questionable security practices :
Most users are encouraged to use 512 - bit or 1024 - bit RSA keys .
A group of hobbyists recently worked together to break all of the 512 - bit keys used by Texas Instruments for signing their calculator firmware and they did so quickly and easily .
The RSA company and NIST have been recommending users switch to 2048 - bit keys since 2003 and 2007 , respectively .
Again , unfortunately , the DNSSEC standards developers are hesitant because bigger crypto is slower , and it will further push the traffic size issue .
Most users are encouraged to use 512 - bit or 1024 - bit RSA keys .
A group of hobbyists recently worked together to break all of the 512 - bit keys used by Texas Instruments for signing their calculator firmware and they did so quickly and easily .
The RSA company and NIST have been recommending users switch to 2048 - bit keys since 2003 and 2007 , respectively .
Again , unfortunately , the DNSSEC standards developers are hesitant because bigger crypto is slower , and it will further push the traffic size issue .
Hamstrings modern uses :
High traffic DNS servers can’t handle signing every response packet , so they need to pre-compute signatures .
This limits how companies like Akamai and Google or projects like the NTP Pool can use DNS for global load balancing and routing users to their nearest servers .
It also fundamentally hampers services like OpenDNS , which use DNS to provide content filtering and search services .
High traffic DNS servers can’t handle signing every response packet , so they need to pre-compute signatures .
This limits how companies like Akamai and Google or projects like the NTP Pool can use DNS for global load balancing and routing users to their nearest servers .
It also fundamentally hampers services like OpenDNS , which use DNS to provide content filtering and search services .
Efficiency : RSA is a very slow crypto standard ; its only benefit is that everyone knows about it .
DNSSEC can theoretically support other crypto standards , but the IETF has largely ignored efforts from interested parties to add support for faster and stronger algorithms .
So while debate about DNSSEC wears on , we ’re excited to announce that OpenDNS has fully adopted another proposed DNS security solution : DNSCurve .
DNSCurve is a recent DNS extension proposal that is fully backwards compatible with the existing DNS protocol , uses much stronger cryptography than DNSSEC , and most importantly , is much simpler and much easier to implement and manage .
The most significant technical distinction is that DNSSEC uses large and slow per-recordset signatures while DNSCurve uses small and fast per-packet encryption and authentication .
OpenDNS ’s DNS resolvers already fully support DNSCurve today and use it whenever possible .
Of course , authoritative servers need to be upgraded to support DNSCurve as well , but it ’s our hope that this announcement will help to get the ball rolling on DNSCurve adoption .
If you ’re an authoritative DNS provider and are interested in deploying DNSCurve , we ’re interested in hearing from you .
Editor ’s note :
Our support for DNSCurve does n’t prevent our adoption of DNSSEC — they are not mutually exclusive .
While we have reservations about DNSSEC , we can and will implement it when we see more demand and traction , but in the meantime , when we see a viable technology that can be quickly implemented to improve security for DNS users , that ’s a no - brainer in our book .
Marjah , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Twelve Afghan civilians were killed Sunday when two rockets fired by coalition forces in southern Afghanistan missed their intended target , as the Taliban showed stiff resistance to the NATO assault against the militant group .
" We deeply regret this tragic loss of life , " U.S. Gen .
Stanley McChrystal , commander of the International Security Assistance Force , said in a statement .
" The current operation in Central Helmand is aimed at restoring security and stability to this vital area of Afghanistan .
It 's regrettable that in the course of our joint efforts , innocent lives were lost . "
Coalition forces fired two rockets with the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System at insurgents firing upon Afghan and ISAF forces , but they struck about 300 meters off their intended target , ISAF said .
The incident happened in the Nad Ali district of Helmand province , where NATO forces have launched Operation Moshtarak , a huge offensive by an international coalition of 15,000 troops including Afghans , Americans , Britons , Canadians , Danes and Estonians .
McChrystal conveyed his apologies to Afghan President Hamid Karzai , the statement said .
Coalition forces have also suspended use of the HIMARS pending a review of Sunday 's incident .
The intended target was an insurgent compound from where coalition forces were taking direct fire , ISAF said .
NATO , which launched the effort Saturday , announced the offensive before it started so that citizens could get out of harm 's way .
Karzai on Saturday had urged Afghan and international troops to exercise " absolute caution " and ensure civilian safety .
Helmand is a bastion of pro-Taliban sentiment and awash with the opium used to fund the insurgency .
Marjah , a region known as the heroin capital of Afghanistan , is where the Taliban has set up a shadow government .
The Moshtarak operation also includes securing Kandahar and providing support to the government and police there , British Maj . Gen. Gordon Messenger said in a news release Sunday .
The Taliban has had increasing influence in Kandahar .
Officials said Sunday they did not know how many Taliban fighters remained in the Marjah region of Helmand province , but think they may be in the hundreds -- some of whom are holed up in civilian compounds .
Taliban forces tried to overrun , successfully in some cases , several positions that coalition forces had secured inside the city , U.S. Marines told CNN .
In one instance , three suspected suicide bombers breached a secure military area near Koru Chareh Bazaar , throwing three or four grenades inside the compound , Marine officials said .
The insurgents were killed before they could detonate their bomb vests .
The sporadic firefight continued throughout the day , with an average of two to three Taliban fighters being killed in each battle , the Marines said .
" It is not unusual for the Taliban to melt away to regroup .
The threat is still present in the area that they might come back , and our troops are well aware of that , " Messenger told CNN .
" The troops are fighting in very open terrain , especially now during the winter , " he said .
" This is a very complex operation but it has worked extremely well . "
Messenger emphasized the cooperation with the Afghan nationals as a key element in both preparing and executing this operation .
" The atmosphere among the locals remains positive , largely because elders on the ground knew about the operation ahead of time , " he said .
" The sense is genuinely that the population is prepared to give this a go . "
Provincial spokesman Dawoud Ahmadi said 27 Taliban fighters have been killed .
Afghan and international force also discovered a total of 2,500 kilograms ( 5,500 pounds ) of explosives during the operation .
The Taliban spokesman for the Marjah area claimed six Taliban casualties , saying militants had killed 192 Afghan and coalition troops .
In the past , the Taliban has often inflated casualty figures .
" NATO forces have not captured any areas in Marjah from the Mujahadeen , " said Qari Yousif Ahmadi , the Taliban spokesman .
Soldiers on Sunday found a weapons cache in the Nad Ali district that included two 155 mm artillery rounds , four pressure plates , blasting caps and batteries , according to ISAF .
In another incident , coalition forces shot a man who refused to stop as he neared a coalition checkpoint despite repeated warnings to stop .
No weapons were found on the middle - aged man , coalition forces said .
Overall , Messenger said , Taliban resistance had not prevented coalition efforts to hold meetings , known as shuras , with local leaders .
The coalition has been participating in these meetings to get Afghans on its side .
" There had been , and remained , very little Taliban interference .
There had been small arms attacks from a distance which had tested the patrols , but nothing had stopped the mission from progressing or shuras from taking place , " Messenger said .
More on Operation Moshtarak from Afghanistan Crossroads blog
Officials said they hope Afghan forces and the government will maintain control , win allegiance from the citizens and provide farmers with an alternative to the poppy crops that pervade the region .
" Everyone understands that what has happened over the last 24 - 48 hours is the easy bit , " Messenger said in a news release .
" The hard bit , the challenge , is the enduring effort , is delivering the security which allows the Afghans to start providing for their people . "
CNN 's Atia Abawi , Nic Robertson , Frederik Pleitgen , Barbara Starr and Per Nyberg and journalist Mati Matiullah contributed to this report .
From Kaiser Health News :
Internal Revenue Service agents already try to catch tax cheats and moonshiners .
Under the proposed health care legislation , they would get another assignment : checking to see whether Americans have health insurance .
The House and Senate bills require most Americans to have health insurance and to prove it on their annual federal tax return .
Those who do n't would pay a penalty to the IRS .
That 's one of several key duties the IRS would assume under the bills that have been approved by the House and Senate and will be merged by negotiators from both chambers .
The agency also would distribute as much as $ 140 billion a year in new government subsidies to help small employers and as many as 19 million lower - income people buy coverage .
In addition , the IRS would collect hundreds of billions of dollars in new fees on employers , drug companies and device makers , according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) .
Health - care bill not yet a law , but Republicans already organizing to repeal it
By Perry Bacon Jr .
Can Republicans win election this fall by campaigning to repeal the health - care legislation now nearing passage in Congress ?
Even as House Democrats search for the votes to send the bill to President Obama , dozens of Republican lawmakers and candidates have signed a pledge to back an effort to repeal the bill , should the GOP take control of either house of Congress after this fall 's elections .
Started by the conservative activist group Club for Growth , the " Repeal It " movement first won the backing in January of some of the most conservative Republicans in Congress , such as " tea party " favorite Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) .
It has since expanded to include some of the party 's Senate candidates in liberal - leaning states such as New Hampshire and Illinois .
Congressional Republicans are currently battling the Democrats over the House procedures they could use to pass the health - care bill .
But they are promising this fall to continue the spirited debate over the substance of the bill that has dominated the last year on Capitol Hill .
And the repeal will likely be a key issue , even as lawmakers on both sides acknowledge any repeal would be highly unlikely as long as President Obama remains in office , as he could veto any such legislation .
While the GOP still awaits the outcome of competitive primaries in many states to pick its candidates , all of the major Senate hopefuls in Kentucky , Nevada , Kansas and Missouri have pledged " sponsor and support legislation to repeal any federal health care - takeover passed in 2010 , and replace it with real reforms that lower health care costs without growing government . "
Republican leaders have played down the largely grassroots pledge , saying they want to focus on making sure the health - care reform bill is stopped from passing .
But Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) , a favorite of the tea party movement , said " this would be smart politically and it's the right thing to do . "
Some Democrats view this development with glee .
They say the health - care bill will become more popular as soon as it's signed , particularly since some of the provisions most favored by the public start this year , such as allowing young adults to stay covered by their parents ' health - care plans up to age 26 .
Like many other parts of the legislation , that provision would become effective six months after the law is signed -- right around election time if the overall bill passes this week .
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is already calling on its candidates to demand their GOP opponents take a stand on the pledge .
Asked about the GOP idea , David Axelrod , a senior White House adviser , said Sunday , " Let 's have that fight . "
He added of GOP threats to call for the law 's repeal : " Make my day . "
And other Democrats say it 's very difficult to run on a platform of taking away new rights for Americans .
" When it comes to health care and insurance , once reform passes , the tangible benefits Americans will realize will trump the fear - mongering rhetoric opponents are stoking today , " Obama pollster Joel Benenson wrote in a recent piece in The Post .
" And when that reality kicks in , the political burden will shift ... there is every reason to believe that for Republicans , the negative consequences will be their own . "
In what has become a intra-party pollster battle , other Democrats dispute the idea that the bill will help the party in the fall .
Pollsters Patrick H. Caddell and Douglas E. Schoen have written Democrats " will be punished severely at the polls " unless they turn around the current negative perceptions of the health - care bill .
Republicans say the bill wo n't be that popular by November , because the public has already soured on the bill and the modest changes it makes by November wo n't change the overall perception of it .
" Democrats think by passing the bill they 'll be able to get it behind them and change the subject to something else , like jobs , " said Senator John Cornyn ( R - Tex . ) , head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
" But this will do the opposite .
This will make sure health care is the number one issue that the election is won or lost on in November . "
But some analysts say a debate over dumping the health care bill or keeping it may not affect voters who do not already have strong views on the reform effort , if only because its effects may not be felt by November .
" Republicans have been saying this is the end of America as we know it and it will bring socialism , " said Norman Ornstein , a congressional scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
" If it passes and not much happens , it 's not as if there 's going to be a huge backfire [ on the Republicans ] , but in the overall argument they have not done themselves much political good . "
THE hype surrounding “ cloud computing ” has become deafening of late .
Your correspondent suspects the evangelists , promoters and others hoping to cash in on the computing - services - in - the - sky movement are getting nervous about the way corporate customers , big and small , have not exactly rushed to embrace the new data - processing paradigm .
Perhaps that is because they have heard it all before .
A couple of years ago , the fashionable term for it was “ software as a service ” .
Before that , it was part and parcel of “ grid computing ” .
Sure , each of the previous approaches brought a somewhat different set of technologies to bear , but the objective was broadly the same : to make it possible to buy data processing and storage from a service provider like electricity .
Being flexible , extensible and virtual , customers would use as much or as little of the utility as they needed — and pay only for what they consumed .
Despite the promise of cheaper processing , though , the vast majority of information - technology departments have continued to buy and maintain their own servers , data - storage units and network gear — preferring to keep their data on the premises rather than have it processed elsewhere .
Given the straitened times , you would have thought that cash - strapped companies would be jumping at the chance to outsource their computing operations to the Amazons , Googles , Salesforces and Microsofts of the world .
Along with others , such providers have been vying to offer their customers access to data - processing and storage capacity , plus all the usual business software running on their own servers , via the internet or more private connections .
Such “ pay as you go ” computing would give hard - pressed IT departments breathing space , while releasing resources for new projects — and , in the process , swap precious capital expenditure for a more easily managed operating cost .
Yet there have been few takers .
What is holding IT managers back is fear about security .
It was bad enough when online threats came in the form of worms and viruses causing a company 's computer network to crash or files to become corrupted .
Such instances could be costly , but reasonably quick to recover from .
But things have got much worse .
The threat today is not simply about vandalism but outright theft of confidential information , such as credit - card numbers , social - security details , financial data , marketing plans and trade secrets .
Cybercrime is on the march as online predators deploy armies of “ botnets ” — robotic networks of computers , hijacked without their owners ' consent or even knowledge — to plunder corporate and consumer data for financial gain .
When company data are stored on the premises , IT departments have various weapons at their disposal for “ defence in depth ” — firewalls , signature - based anti-virus software , and “ white lists ” of people granted access to various files and applications on the company 's network .
But in the cloud , a company has no control over the security measures adopted .
In short , users no longer own the moats , the walls , the doors or the windows to their data .
Complicating matters further , providers of cloud computing do not allocate actual servers or separate processors to each customer .
To keep costs down , all a customer can expect is a “ virtual machine ” — a slice of a computer with its own operating system that is partitioned off by software from other customers ' slices .
As a user 's needs expand or contact over time , slices are added or vacated — and , in the latter case , handed over for other customers to use .
This sharing of processing and storage space in the cloud raises questions about how thoroughly a previous customer 's data are destroyed before the slice is reallocated to some other organisation .
Normally , assured destruction means degaussing magnetic media or shredding optical disks .
With virtual machines running autonomously in the cloud , that is out of the question .
So , what happens when data stored on a virtual machine get compromised ?
Will the customer ever know ?
Will the provider take responsibility ?
That is a serious concern for companies , given the laws now in place for notifying victims of data breaches , as well as for auditing financial results for compliance reasons or e-discovery .
As companies have delved more deeply into cloud computing , their concerns have only multiplied .
The most recent survey by CIO Magazine indicates that worries about the security of cloud - based computing , loss of control over data , and return on investment were all up substantially over the previous year .
Although 60 % of CIO 's 800 or so respondents were thinking seriously about cloud computing , only 8 % had committed themselves to implementing it .
Meanwhile , 29 % claimed to have no interest in doing so whatsoever .
Clearly , the providers have not been particularly adept at articulating what the cloud is good for and what it is not .
Ultimately , the sensitivity of the data will determine whether an application is suitable for processing in the cloud .
Services that need to be highly secure ( like credit - card processing ) or involve a lot input and output ( enterprise resource planning , for instance ) should probably remain on a company 's dedicated hardware .
But applications that have a public face ( such as websites , blogs or e-mail ) or change their size unpredictably ( say , special offers or development projects ) would seem reasonable candidates for the cloud .
Though security remains a problem , there is still little question that cloud computing will one day become the norm .
It is the next step in the evolutionary progress of computing from the mainframe of the 1960s , to the client - server or the 1980s , to the web - based application of the 2000s , each of which had , and continues to have , its own set of security problems .
It is also a natural step in the evolution of services — from the physical to the virtual — that has characterised much of society 's progress .
Take the monetary system .
In his address to the annual RSA Conference on computer security held in San Francisco on March 2nd , Art Coviello , president of EMC 's security division , noted how civilisation started with barter , then invented coins to make money more portable — even though people still had to carry their wealth around with them physically .
The first step in the virtualisation of wealth came with the introduction of paper money .
These promissory notes , with no intrinsic value , forced people to deal with the concept of attestation — certifying that something is genuine .
And with that , the advent of financial instruments such as stocks , bonds and mutual funds created ways of sharing wealth — so that when one person was n't using it , another could .
Today , virtual money dominates the money supply .
In much the same way , virtual processing will one day dominate the computing supply .
Unfortunately for cloud computing , that day is still along way off .
Around 2020 , would be your correspondent 's guess .
Django 1.2 release schedule
Those of you that have been paying attention to the Django release roadmap will have noticed that the original estimated release date for Django 1.2 final has passed , but we have n't actually made a final release .
Although Django 's release cycle is generally date - based , we also try to keep our release dates flexible to account for bugfixing time .
At the beginning of the development sprints at PyCon a few weeks ago , over 300 tickets were still open on the Django 1.2 milestone .
Now it 's down to 120 ( we 've been clearing out , on average , about ten tickets a day ) , but that 's still a lot more than we 're comfortable shipping ; as a result , we 're pushing back the final 1.2 release a bit .
Some of the tickets still open for 1.2 are documentation or translation updates ; these will be dealt with before the final 1.2 release .
Others are minor bugs or edge cases which are difficult to trigger or unlikely to cause serious problems in actual deployment ; these tickets will likely be bumped to a pure - bugfix release in the 1.2 series , or to 1.3 as warranted .
Over the next couple of days , the Django core team will be reviewing all of the currently - open tickets , and identifying those which :
reveal a significant flaw in a feature added during the 1.2 cycle , or
have the potential to cause data loss or other serious consequences in actual deployment .
Tickets which do n't meet these criteria may be removed from the 1.2 milestone , or may simply be left out of the final release .
We wo n't forget about these issues -- they 'll still be in Trac , and they will be addressed -- but bugfix work prior to the 1.2 release will focus in major issues fitting the criteria above .
We 're sensitive to the fact that during the Django 1.2 release cycle , we have n't paid as much attention to bugs and smaller features as we have done during previous releases .
To address this , we 're considering making Django 1.3 a " feature light " release -- that is , we will spend more time focussing on little features and long standing bugs , rather than adding lots of big features like we have done with Django 1.2 .
Once 1.2 lands , we 'll have some more details about our exact plans for the 1.3 cycle .
Until then , we 'll be posting here every few days to give you a status update , letting you know how many tickets remain , any problems we foresee , and to provide an updated estimate of the 1.2 final delivery date .
So : there are 120 tickets remaining , but quite a few of these of these will be bumped from the final release .
It 's difficult to know exactly how much work is left before we do the final ticket cull , but our first - cut revised estimate is for an RC1 release around March 22 , with a final release around March 29 .
This is , for those of you who were following along during the early parts of the 1.2 cycle , roughly consistent with extra time added to the release schedule for the 1.2 alpha and beta milestones .
As always , any assistance preparing , reviewing or testing patches is most welcome ; the more help we get , the sooner we can release .
If you want to help out , check out the 1.2 todo list , find something that sounds interesting and dig in !
UPDATE Feb 13 2010 : There is a news article on his resignation ( in Dutch ) at http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/article6024018.ece?cid=mailart
Henk Tennekes is well known to the visitors of our website .
A few days ago , he told me that he submitted a letter of resignation to the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences on Saturday , January 23 .
He wrote to me “ I do n’t want to remain a member of an organization that , like AMS and NAS , screws up science that badly . ”
The Dutch newspaper NRC - Handelsblad apparently got hold of a copy of the resignation letter and ran a News Flash on Saturday , January 30 .
In the letter to the Academy , Henk complains that he submitted the manuscript of his essay on Hermetic Jargon ( which I am happy to reproduce here below , with his permission ) to the Academy President at that time , Frits van Oostrom .
The President , however , did not bother to respond .
The NRC news flash , translated by Henk himself at my request , reads :
Tennekes Quits
By Karel Knip
“ I have had it .
Farewell . ”
With these words Henk Tennekes concludes his final letter to the Executive Board of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences .
He wrote his letter of resignation on January 23 .
A unique occurrence in the history of the Academy , which obtains its membership by co-optation .
Normally , a member of the Academy loses his membership only when he dies .
Tennekes is still alive .
For many years , Tennekes was director of research at KNMI .
He also was a professor at the Pennsylvania State University and at the Free University in Amsterdam .
In 1982 he became a member of the Academy .
And now he steps out .
“ There is light out there ” is the closing sentence of the essay “ Hermetic Jargon ” that he now gives a broader distribution .
Why quit ?
Is he mad about the global warming hype ?
Tennekes has often spoken up against alarmist language concerning the greenhouse effect and against the hubris of climatologists who pretend to know precisely what will happen to the climate in the future .
No , Tennekes uses the ultimate tool he has to object to the conflicts of interest within the Academy .
It is supposed to be the highest independent scientific advisory body in the country , but at the same time it runs a number of research institutes , and has to lobby for their budgets .
“ That conflict of interest is breaking the wings of its advisory function , ” he says .
The Strategic Agenda of the Academy , currently being finalized , offers no hope for improvement .
Is that all ?
The essay “ Hermetic Jargon ” gives yet another impression .
In it , he protests the inaccessibility of modern science , with its habit to restrict quality control ( peer review ) to the inner circles of each discipline .
And he is annoyed by the dominant position of physics in the world of science .
He wants to promote more dialogue between disciplines , but he discovered that the walls between them can not be broken down .
Stepping out is the final choice .
In response to our request Robbert Dijkgraaf , the current President of the Academy , states that the Academy regrets the departure , but respects it .
This picture will appear in the second printing of Simple Science of Flight by H. Tennekes , currently in press .
Hermetic Jargon
Farewell Message to the Dutch Academy
As soon as scientists and scholars from different disciplines talk to one another , confusion creeps in .
In everyday language , words evoke clusters of associations , suggestions , hints and images .
This is why an intelligent listener often needs only half a word .
But the words that scientists use in their professional communications are usually safeguarded against unwanted associations .
Within each separate discipline this helps to limit semantic confusion , but outsiders have no chance .
Disciplines are divided by their languages .
Incomprehensible journal articles and oral presentations , ever - expanding university libraries , endless bickering over the appropriation of research funds , resources , and post - doc positions : The Temple of Science has become a Tower of Babel .
A Babylonian confusion of tongues has become the organizing principle .
As soon as more than a couple dozen scientists unite around the same theme , another specialist journal is created , comprehensible only to the in -crowd .
If this is science , I want to get off .
Many years ago , two members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences tried to call attention to the problem .
One was the leading art historian and Director of the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam , Henk van Os , the other the retired methodologist of the social sciences , Adriaan de Groot .
The two elderly gentlemen arranged a discussion meeting on the peer review system at Academy headquarters .
Being an Academy member myself , I eagerly participated .
In their introduction van Os and de Groot explained how all disciplines have a tendency to develop their own ‘ hermetic jargon , ’ the secret language that eliminates the risk of having to discuss the foundations of one ’s discipline with the outside world .
Hermetic jargon : what a beautiful neologism !
Hermetic : referring to airtight sealing , my Random House dictionary says .
Words are at their best when they seed a whole cloud of meanings and associations .
In this case my mind reacted instantly , grasping at such concepts as occult science , alchemy , and esoteric writing .
Esoteric , accessible to the initiated only , is the qualification given by the philosopher Lucian to some of Aristotle ’s writings .
Hermetic sealing was the standard laboratory practice of the alchemists .
The net effect of hermetic jargon is that outsiders cannot argue with the high priests who wield the words .
They can only accept the occult writings in awe .
Looking at the academic enterprise this way , I come across a lot of issues that bother me .
The first that comes to mind is that hermetic jargon makes it impossible to conduct mature , scientific discussions of the paradigms , dogmas , and myths that drive each discipline .
The claims of the mainstream physics community worldwide , for example , are outrageous .
All science is Physics , period , is what these priests claim .
All other disciplines , including chemistry , biology , engineering and the earth sciences , are mere derivatives .
Physicists glorify their Nobel prizes without ever contemplating whether the Nobel prize system might be based on a nineteenth - century assessment of the world of science .
Hermetic jargon is also a very effective means of excluding outsiders from negotiations for research funds .
The system by which professional colleagues judge each other ’s performance is called Peer Review .
Only peers in the same discipline may pass judgment on their colleagues ’ funding requests and on the quality of their papers .
Only high - energy physicists are allowed to participate in debates concerning the funding of high - energy physics , only micrometeorologists are allowed to review micrometeorological manuscripts .
This makes a lot of sense , of course , because outsiders are in no position to judge the intricate technical details of the measurements and calculations involved .
But such judgment is only a necessary first step .
The key challenge for a meaningful peer review system would be to make explicit the underlying paradigms , and to subject them to scholarly scrutiny .
This , to me , should be the essence of the duty of a National Academy , and perforce of each Academician .
Chances for a mature dialogue will improve when hermetic jargon is taken for what it really is : a way to defend barriers .
There are plenty of unresolved issues and dilemmas in the interstices between the disciplines .
Almost nobody dares to take a peek , but Gregory Bateson , the originator of the Kantian idea that Mind and Nature form a Necessary Unity , did .
Angels Fear is the title of the book his daughter Margaret compiled after he died .
The subtitle of that beautiful but rather messy book is Towards an Epistemology of the Sacred .
The term ‘ sacred ’ should not be construed as referring to theology , but to the central problem of all epistemology : how can we know anything , how can we evaluate , who are we to make judgments ?
In Kant ’s own words : “ Reason suffers the fate of being troubled by questions which it cannot reject because they were brought up by reason itself , but which it cannot answer either because they are utterly beyond its capacities . ”
Yes , only fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
In oral presentations , to give another example , it would behoove the speaker to speak openly about the questions looming behind the research successes , behind the never - ending propaganda for scientific progress .
I myself tried this a few times , but to no avail .
In my induction speech for the Academy , in January 1984 , I introduced the limited predictability of the weather as a prime example of the uncertainties associated with the sensitive dependence of nonlinear systems to initial conditions and to mismatches between Nature and the models we use to compute its evolution .
I told my audience that the prediction horizon , in 1950 estimated by John von Neumann at 30 days , in fact is only three days on average .
I dwelt only a little on the implications of this for the myth of endless progress in science .
Apparently , meteorology is approaching the no-man ’s land between the unknown and the unknowable , I said .
This was enough to alert the cognoscenti .
The moment the discussion period following my lecture started , the famous astronomer Henk van de Hulst stood up from his chair in the front row and said : “ Henk , that is a sermon , not a lecture .
Sermons are not appropriate in this Hall . ”
And the President , David de Wied then , closing the meeting and thanking me for my speech , said in front of the microphones : “ Henk , I really do n’t understand what you said , and I believe I do n’t want to understand either . ”
The two Academy members who had arranged the meeting on peer review apparently had concluded that voluntary changes in the peer review system were very unlikely .
They opted for a direct confrontation .
They proposed to amend the review system such that a number of colleagues outside the discipline concerned would have to participate in the evaluation of proposals for research funding and debates on the desired direction of research programs .
Ask psychologists to look over the shoulders of meteorologists , involve theologians in the evaluation of astronomical long - term planning , let sociologists and engineers review each other ’s professional papers , and so on .
As soon as you do that , hermetic jargon loses the rationale for its existence .
It shall come as no surprise that these thoughts were torpedoed the moment they reverberated through the august Academy assembly hall .
Everyone knew instantly the very idea was a land mine under the science establishment .
Nobody understood that the proposal was rather modest in the sense that bureaucrats , politicians , and taxpayers would be excluded , and that the proposal in fact could be construed as reinforcing the power of the scientific nomenclature .
The current practice is that spokesmen for each discipline negotiate directly with bureaucrats in government agencies , and refuse to be drawn into evaluations of the claims of other disciplines .
So all hell broke loose , right there in the meeting , the scene suddenly similar to that in a typical Knesset session , with Academicians jumping up , shouting , and cursing .
Within half an hour , the President of the Academy , Pieter Drenth this time , stepped in , stating ex cathedra that the current review system was functioning well enough , despite minor flaws .
He closed the meeting , and the Executive Board of the Academy decided to abort the idea altogether .
Following in the footsteps of van Os and de Groot , I have tried to fantasize about the fierce battles that might result if their proposal were put into effect .
The central myth of cosmology and astrophysics , for example , is that the human mind is more powerful than the Universe .
Stephen Hawking writes : when we discover a theory that unifies gravity and quantum mechanics , we will ( I shudder as I write this ) “ know the Mind of God . ” Martin Rees , then the Astronomer Royal of the United Kingdom , wrote a book called Before the Beginning , subtitled Our Universe and Others .
Indeed , it has become common in astronomy to talk about Multiple Universes , an oxymoron if I ever saw one .
Unfortunately , mainstream theology continues to propagate a similar myth , i.e. the stupid idea that one can talk with insight , and write scholarly publications , about God himself .
That , in my mind , is an unforgivable epistemological fallacy .
Readers not versed in the Bible might find it useful to read the story of Moses stumbling into a psychedelic thorn bush in Exodus 3 .
Moses hears voices and asks : “ please tell me your Name , so I can tell my people who sent me . ”
The Voice answers : “ I am whoever I want to be , that should be good enough for you . ”
Being an engineer myself , I would be delighted to participate in a debate between engineers and sociologists .
In both cases , the interaction between the discipline and society is central to the field of inquiry .
Take cell phones .
The technology is straightforward , but the sociology is complex .
Engineers are servants to society .
Their work , which uses physics , chemistry , and countless other disciplines , ought to be analyzed by sociologists .
I confess that I know no sociology to speak of , but I know enough about engineering to claim that something must be amiss if the best book on technology I know of is Pirsig ’s Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance .
As to my own position , I can illustrate that with another incident at the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences .
I was elected into the Academy in 1982 , and assigned to a small group of scholars not bound to a specific discipline , the Free Section .
This group was the envy of several others , because the much coveted expansion of disciplinary sections was hindered by our presence .
There were 100 chairs in the Science Division at the time , and several other sections claimed to need more .
The powers behind the scenes argued long enough for the Executive Board to cave in to the demands to eliminate the Free Section , and lodge its members into disciplines .
I was tentatively assigned to the physics section , which did not appeal to me at all .
So I wrote to the then President , Piet van Zandbergen , saying that one could imagine putting me in the Engineering Section because I was raised as an engineer , in the Physics Section because my area of expertise is turbulence theory , which is a branch of theoretical physics , and in Earth Sciences , because that would correspond to my current position .
Instead , I wrote , I would prefer to be assigned to the Theology and Philosophy Section because of my growing interest in epistemology .
The President , eager to avoid any written record of the nuisance I had created , called me one night by phone , saying : “ Henk , philosophy belongs to the Arts and Humanities Division of the Academy .
The division between them and the Science Division is laid down in our Charter .
You cannot cross that Wall however much you want to .
That Wall can not be breached . ”
But one can step outside .
I did .
There is light out there .
Environmentalists and tribal leaders oppose massive flooding , while Brazil minister states ' not a single Indian will be displaced '
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Brazilian government has given the green light to the construction of a controversial hydroelectric dam in the Amazon rainforest that environmentalists and indigenous activists claim will displace indigenous tribes and further damage the Amazon basin .
Brazil 's environment ministry granted the Belo Monte dam project an environmental licence late on Monday paving the way for tenders from companies interested in constructing the world 's third largest hydroelectric plant , on the Amazon 's Xingu river .
According to the Brazilian energy ministry the dam , expected to start production in 2015 , will cost around R$ 20bn ( £ 6.8 bn ) and will eventually produce around 11 GW of electricity .
But environmentalists and indigenous leaders have strongly apposed the plans , which the government admits would see around 500 sq km of land flooded and activists believe would see thousands displaced .
" We want to make sure that Belo Monte does not destroy the ecosystems and the biodiversity that we have taken care of for millennia , " Megaron Tuxucumarrae , a leader of the Kayapo Indians said .
" We are opposed to dams on the Xingu and will fight to protect our river . "
The proposed construction of the Belo Monte dam in the Amazon state of Para is part of a major government investment drive to help the country keep up with soaring energy demand from a rapidly expanding economy , while curbing greenhouse gas emissions .
Hydroelectric power produces no direct carbon dioxide .
Brazil 's environment minister Carlos Minc said the winning company would be forced to spend around $ 800 m ( £ 501 m ) offsetting the environmental damage caused by the project .
" There is not going to be an environmental disaster , " he told Brazilian television .
Minc denied Indians would be forced from their traditional lands by the dam .
" Not a single Indian will be displaced .
They will be indirectly affected , but they will not have to leave indigenous lands , " he said .
Roberto Messias , head of Brazil 's environmental agency Ibama , said that around 12,000 people were likely to be affected by the construction but that many of them currently lived in wooden riverside shacks and were likely to benefit from the dam 's constructions .
" Our studies show that today the population does not have adequate sanitation or healthcare .
The conditions outlined in the licence are designed so that the local population have a superior quality of life … at the end of the construction , " he said , according to the Amazon paper Diario do Para .
Plans to build hydroelectric dams on the Xingu river have existed since the 1970s but have repeatedly failed to materialise , partly as a result of fierce pressure from environmental groups and activists , including the musician Sting .
• This article was amended on 17 February 2010 .
The original referred to 11,000GW .
This has been corrected .
Marble is one of the preferred materials for outdoor applications that aim to elevate a home ’s status , value , and overall appeal .
For this reason , natural stone supplier offer marble pavers in different colors , patterns , and shades suitable for any application .
Discerning homeowners prefer marble pavers for their driveways and pool decks for very good reasons that go beyond mere looks .
Reputable suppliers provide the pavers with a tumbled finish for extra grip and a non-glossy surface that is perfect for outdoor areas .
Continue reading
Friday fresh free fonts is a series of free fonts posted every Friday , yes I know it 's awesome .
I will look forward to bring a lot of great fonts that will sure help you improve your typography work .
Check out what I selected for you on this FFFF post and make sure to comeback for more next week .
View all FFFF posts Mosk Mosk is a typeface family that consist of lowercase letters and edited versions in the uppercase version , for your logos and designs .
[ Richard Mack at a Bellevue , WA , militia organizing meeting in February 1995 .
Photo by David Neiwert . ]
The more we learn about the Tea Party movement as it evolves , the more disturbing a portrait emerges :
One of a right - wing populist movement animated by cultural resentments and paranoia that previously were the domain of fringe conspiracy theorists and militiamen .
There were a number of important reports on the Tea Party movement this week that underscored and confirmed something we 've been reporting at C&L ( similarly confirmed in that report for Newsweek ) for some time :
That the Tea Party movement has been overtaken by right - wing extremists of the Patriot movement .
The most important of these was David Barstow 's report in the New York Times describing the movement 's evolution into a revival of the Patriots :
The Tea Party movement has become a platform for conservative populist discontent , a force in Republican politics for revival , as it was in the Massachusetts Senate election , or for division .
But it is also about the profound private transformation of people like Mrs.
Stout , people who not long ago were not especially interested in politics , yet now say they are bracing for tyranny .
These people are part of a significant undercurrent within the Tea Party movement that has less in common with the Republican Party than with the Patriot movement , a brand of politics historically associated with libertarians , militia groups , anti-immigration advocates and those who argue for the abolition of the Federal Reserve .
Urged on by conservative commentators , waves of newly minted activists are turning to once - obscure books and Web sites and discovering a set of ideas long dismissed as the preserve of conspiracy theorists , interviews conducted across the country over several months show .
In this view , Mr. Obama and many of his predecessors ( including George W. Bush ) have deliberately undermined the Constitution and free enterprise for the benefit of a shadowy international network of wealthy elites .
Loose alliances like Friends for Liberty are popping up in many cities , forming hybrid entities of Tea Parties and groups rooted in the Patriot ethos .
These coalitions are not content with simply making the Republican Party more conservative .
They have a larger goal — a political reordering that would drastically shrink the federal government and sweep away not just Mr. Obama , but much of the Republican establishment , starting with Senator John McCain .
One of the key figures in this takeover , as this story describes , has been Richard Mack , the '90s militia figure who has become a fixture on the Tea Party circuit , as we reported previously .
Indeed , his December appearance in Spokane was one of the signal events in the NYT piece .
Mack , who I photographed in February 1995 while addressing a militia - organizing session in Bellevue , Washington , has been a key figure for the Patriot movement in " transmitting " its talking points and beliefs into the mainstream for a long time .
But he is hardly the only Patriot figure heavily involved in the Tea Parties , as the NYT piece describes .
One of the people who sometimes accompanied me in the 1990s when I attended militia gatherings , Devin Burghart , now works for the Institute for Research and Education on Human Rights , and he was at the National Tea Party Convention and attended its seminar .
and speeches .
He filed a detailed -- and revealing -- report for IREHR :
A workshop by Dr. Rick Scarborough indicated a shift taking place at the convention , transforming the focus from bailouts and deficits to the culture war .
Scarborough is a former Southern Baptist pastor from Pearland , Texas , and a he heads up a corporate constellation including Vision America , Vision America Action and the Judeo - Christian Council for Constitutional Restoration .
He has been fixture on the Christian Right for several years ( Jerry Falwell published his first book ) .
After showing an eight minute video cataloguing his many television appearances , the jovial Scarborough told a packed room of around 215 people that the gap between “ fiscal and social conservatives has got to cease . ”
In addition to attacking the Obama administration for its commitment to ending Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell and supporting the inclusion of gays and lesbians into federal hate crimes protections , Scarborough warned that we " now have a government of thieves " and that we are moving towards a “ collectivist ” society .
We have a Godly duty to defend “ American exceptionalism , ” he said .
Scarborough used much of his speech to launch a new campaign , called the Mandate to Save America , a project of the S.T.O.P. Obama Tyranny National Coalition .
He also attended the speech by WorldNetDaily 's Joseph Farah , who was a 1990s Patriot movement promoter as well :
Farah spent nearly half of his speech cooking up a Biblical basis for his obsession with Obama ’s birth certificate .
Some did n’t like this kind of birther talk , and after Farah ’s speech , Andrew Breitbart privately criticized him for it .
Nevertheless , in some respects , Farah ’s speech seemed to signify the convention 's tipping point : marking a transformational moment as the crowd shifted from inchoate angry ranters to full - blown culture warriors .
As the NYT piece notes , when Patriots begin taking over the Tea Party , they by extension begin moving toward taking over the Republican Party -- since that is , in fact , the Tea Partiers ' stated intent :
In many regions , including here in the inland Northwest , tense struggles have erupted over whether the Republican apparatus will co-opt these new coalitions or vice versa .
Tea Party supporters are already singling out Republican candidates who they claim have “ aided and abetted ” what they call the slide to tyranny : Mark Steven Kirk , a candidate for the Senate from Illinois , for supporting global warming legislation ; Gov. Charlie Crist of Florida , who is seeking a Senate seat , for supporting stimulus spending ; and Meg Whitman , a candidate for governor in California , for saying she was a “ big fan ” of Van Jones , once Mr. Obama ’s “ green jobs czar . ”
A report from Kathleen Hennessey at the Los Angeles Times details how the Tea Partiers are now mobilizing at the local level to take over the GOP apparatus :
Conservative activists who once protested the political establishment are now flooding the lowest level of the Republican Party apparatus hoping to take over the party they once scorned -- one precinct at a time .
Across the country , tea party groups that had focused on planning rallies are educating members on how to run for GOP precinct representative positions .
The representatives help elect county party leaders , who write the platform and , in some places , determine endorsements .
" That 's where it all starts .
That 's where the process of picking candidates begins .
It 's not from [ GOP leader ] Michael Steele 's office down .
It 's from the ground up , " said Philip Glass , whose National Precinct Alliance is among the groups advocating the strategy .
" The party is over for the old guard . "
In Arizona and Ohio , Republican Party officials report an increase in candidates running for precinct positions , which often sit open because of a lack of interest .
In South Carolina , a coalition of tea party groups has made a formal agreement with the state GOP to urge its members to get engaged at the precinct level .
In Nevada , a group of " constitutional conservatives " working under the tea party banner has already taken control of the Republican Party in the Las Vegas area , gaining enough strength to elect six of the seven members of the county executive committee .
Last but not least , the IREHR 's Leonard Zeskind , writing at HuffPo , offers some sage advice on how we should deal with the special challenge the Tea Party movement represents :
Over the next nine months , other issues -- immigration reform , a possible jobs bill , the Employee Free Choice Act , climate change - - will raise the ire of the Tea Parties , but it would be a mistake to regard this as an issues - based phenomenon .
These are , after all , people who marched in the streets of the nation 's capitol with the defining slogan " Take Our Country Back . "
Theirs is a cry for the restoration of a nation that does not exist .
It is a " Christian nation , " according to the words uttered most often .
And it is a " white " nation that does not dare speaks its name .
Unlike hard core white nationalists , who have deified the concept of race into a idol they worship , the whiteness of the Tea Party 's imagination is assumed rather than spoken .
It is " their " country they want back .
Any response to the Tea Parties must address the issue of race forthrightly .
A new website , www.usforallofus.org, has posted a statement on the subject that needs to be endorsed .
" We reject the racism that keeps us divided .
We celebrate our interdependence and our capacity to love our neighbors as ourselves . "
I signed the statement and urge others to do so as well .
It is not necessary to agree with every paragraph in the statement , I certainly did not agree with every word or phrase .
But it is important to draw a line and say that this is a United States of America for all of us , and those who want to make some kind of exclusive claim on its heritage and history and future need to be told no , its for all of us .
Signing this cyberspace statement by itself will not be enough to turn the Tea party movement back .
But it is one place all of us can make ourselves heard .
We also need to borrow from elements of the trade unions ' response to the Tea Party 's actions last August .
Instead of laying down and being quiet , AFL - CIO leaders issued a statement saying , " We want your help to organize major union participation to counter the right - wing ' Tea Party Patriots . ' "
The unions sent pickets to a number of the town hall meeting sites in the only organized effort to respond to the Tea Parties at the local level .
One - time picket lines , while however helpful in slowing this we - want - our - country - back crowd , are just not enough to stem this Tea Party movement .
Much more needs to be done .
Be sure to read it all .
Because being informed is our only hope for dealing with the wingnuttery and disinformation that inevitably follows the Patriot movement and its projects .
See full bio » Karen Jane Allen was born in Carrollton , rural southern Illinois , to Patricia ( Howell ) , a teacher , and Carroll Thompson Allen , an FBI agent .
She spent her first 10 years traveling around the country with her parents and two sisters .
She was always " the new girl in school . "
Acting did not really cross
Allen 's mind until she was in her early 20s , ... Born : October 5 , 1951 in in Carrollton , Illinois , USA
pirate • english ( coming soon ) • no other languages yet
Avast !
If ya be like most landlubbers I 'd be willin ' ta wager that yer precious treasures be lyin ' unprotected in the depths o' yer hold .
Those of us who 've got some experience know that the safest place to store yer precious files be buried deep in some safe place .
Ships and laptops be fragile things that can be sunk , and if yer ship sinks yer gon ' ta lose everything on it .
Some of y'all 'ave prolly got some external hard drives or summat , but I 'll bet you never remember to back up !
Yarg be the easiest , quickest , and free - est backup program I been across in me travels across this great big internet .
It 's so simple I made it all by myself for a class at th' Berkeley Institute O' Piratry .
All it be doing is copyin ' files from one place t' another .
But arrrr , there 's a twist !
Fer one , Yarg always be rememberin ' when ta run yer backups .
Ya never haffa remember to press any more buttons or drag any files aroun ' .
Fer another , Yarg do n't be likin ' ta drag aroun ' the same old files over and over again .
Instead , yarg drives tha unix rudder o' OS X .
Using tha tried 'n true rsync program that comes with OS X , yarg makes sure t' only move aroun ' them files that are new or changed .
Lastly , yarg uses launchd ta make sure backups run whenever you tell 'em to , and t' make sure they play nice with tha rest o' yer system .
Fer advanced users who 've got their sea legs , Yarg lets ya take advantage of the fancy features of rsync , such as backing up to an external site via ssh and custom exclude lists .
Pretty fancy , eh ?
By now I 'll bet ye just be wantin tha software .
And it be available right here , right now , fer no dubloons whatsoever !
Download Yarg v0.3.1 beta released 2-23-09 ( .5 mb dmg , universal , english only , os x 10.4.11 + )
If ye be havin ' any questions , comments , bug reports er whatnot , please be sendin ' a message my way to yarg [ at ] turnlav dot net
NOTE : I be releasin '
Yarg under the GNU GPL license mostly because I be a student and did it mostly fer tha learnin ' and not fer dubloons .
Yarg do n't yet be havin ' much in the way o' documentation or nuthin yet , but I think it be pretty self - explanatory .
Yarg was inspired by the utter uselessness of rsyncx and the user interface , but not the functionality , of psyncx ( both of which seem to be abandoned ) .
If ye be an advanced user er sumthin , Yarg 's source now lives on thar yonder github where ya can be swimming as deep as ye like in them Objective - C codes .
SEATTLE -- Walgreens has told state officials that as of April 16 , it no longer will fill prescriptions for new Medicaid patients at its 121 Washington pharmacies because it is n't being reimbursed enough by the state .
In a news release , the Deerfield , Ill . - based drugstore chain said it will continue to serve its existing Medicaid patients , but it can't take on additional losses due to reductions in the state 's payments .
Walgreens had planned to stop filling Medicaid prescriptions in February at 64 of its stores in Washington , but held off while negotiations with the state Department of Social and Health Services continued .
The chain said the state reimburses it at less than its cost to break even on nearly 95 percent of brand name medications it dispenses to Medicaid patients .
" Obviously , we 're disappointed that the alternatives we 've suggested have failed to achieve a compromise , " said Kermit Crawford , Walgreens executive vice president of pharmacy .
" We intend to continue our commitment to serving our existing patients , but we simply cannot take on additional losses . "
Last month , Bartell Drugs stopped taking new Medicaid patients at all 57 of its stores in Washington , though it still fills prescriptions for existing Medicaid customers at all but 15 of those stores .
The Ritzville Drug Co. in Ritzville said in November that it would stop participating in Medicaid .
State Medicaid director Doug Porter told The Seattle Times that Medicaid recipients should be able to easily find another drug store because " we have many more pharmacy providers in our network than we need " for the state 's 1 million Medicaid clients .
Those who can't , he said , should contact the state 's Medical Assistance Customer Service Center at 1-800-562-3022 for help .
Fred Meyer and Safeway said their pharmacies would continue serving existing Medicaid patients and will take new ones , though both said the reimbursement rate is too low to make a profit , The Times reported .
Private insurers and Medicaid do n't pay pharmacies the actual cost of drugs ; instead , payments are based on what 's called the drug 's estimated average wholesale price .
Washington was reimbursing pharmacies 86 percent of the average wholesale price until July , when it began paying just 84 percent .
DSHS estimated that could save the state about $ 10 million .
A company that calculates the average wholesale price was accused in a Massachusetts lawsuit of fraudulently inflating its figures .
In a September settlement , the company did not acknowledge wrongdoing but agreed to reduce its figures by about 4 percent .
Walgreens said many private insurance providers have adjusted their reimbursement rates to lessen the effect of the settlement , but Washington 's Medicaid program has not .
Jeff Rochon , CEO of the Washington State Pharmacy Association , said pharmacies that continue to fill Medicaid prescriptions at the current rate are " at risk of putting themselves out of business altogether . "
-- The Associated Press
Getting treated for PTSD is something that takes work and effort .
As you start to think about what is involved with the process and how you want to get ahead of things , you may be looking at a lot of ways in which you can do it .
The fact is , treatment for ptsd fort lauderdale looks different for everyone and there are a lot of steps that need to be taken in order to get ahead of issues and concerns .
How do you know that you ’ve got a path forward that works ?
Knowing what can come from your life and the treatment that you ’re seeking is a big deal .
You want to have a therapist that you can trust and that is going to do everything that they can in order to help you stay on top of problems .
More often than not , they are going to be able to guide you through things .
They can tell you what ’s going on , work out what is most essential in your circumstance , and give you someone you can trust in during this often difficult process .
The fact is , there are a lot of ways to get things done .
You need to be sure that you know what it is that matters to you and how you ’re going to want to proceed with everything .
While it ’s not an easy thing to do , you can overcome some really difficult things with the help of experts .
Learn as much as you can and research what you can .
When all is said and done , you can find a way through it .
You can live a healthy life and know that you have a way forward that will lead you toward health and a better life every single day .
When lawmakers travel overseas on official business they are given up to $ 250 a day in taxpayer funds to cover meals and expenses .
Congressional rules say they must return any leftover cash to the government .
They usually do n't .
According to interviews with 20 current and former members of Congress , lawmakers use the excess cash for shopping ...
Police in Friendswood allege that 33 - year - old Amanda Anderson got even with her former employer the new - fashioned way : via Craigslist .
They allege that she took out what must have been a very generous help - wanted ad for various contractors .
Once it hit the 'net , Anderson 's old boss was swamped with eager entreaties for work from a great many plumbers , roofers and electricians .
Which must have ruined his whole day ; we know we would be more than a little miffed if the same happened to us .
The former employer was angry enough to phone in the bogus ad to the cops , who tracked down Anderson as the suspect .
And now she is in a major heap of shit .
Under a new law that the State Legislature enacted last September , Anderson was charged with third - degree felony online harassment .
If convicted , she could face two - to - ten years in prison and a $ 10,000 fine .
Seems pretty stiff for what amounts to a modern - day prank call ...
The felony portion of the harassment law states that a person can be charged for using the name of another person to create a Web page or to post one or more messages on a commercial social networking site without obtaining the other person 's consent with the intent to harm , defraud , intimidate , or threaten any person .
Local defense attorney and blogger Mark Bennett thinks the statute is " awfully broad . "
" The usual legislative overreaction to a new danger , " he calls it .
" With regard to the particular case , I guess they 're going to argue that the ' harm ' is being inundated with telephone calls , " Bennett continues .
" Fair enough , I suppose -- it would piss me off too -- but a third - degree felony ?
Steal up to $ 20,000 , and it 's only a state - jail felony . "
But we did find one guy who thought the law was n't Draconian enough on the sort of little yellow - bellied jackasses who engage in this sort of behavior :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A British inventor , Robert Harrison , managed to film pictures of earth by using a digital camera , loft insulation , a balloon and some duct tape .
Danny Savage explains .
Illustration by Robert Venables
SOME would say that tragedy was inevitable from the moment , nine years ago last month , when Greece was admitted to the euro zone .
Others would claim that woe was sure to befall such a disparate currency union sooner or later : if not Greece , then some other weak member of the club would have been the cause .
Avoidable or not , trouble has arrived .
At best , Greece has to undergo a dramatic budgetary tightening .
Its fellow Europeans , or the IMF , may yet have to organise a humiliating bail - out .
Some even talk — probably mistakenly — of the beginning of the end of the euro area .
Last year Greece 's budget deficit reached 12.7 % of GDP .
Worries over whether the Greeks would act to cut it have caused paroxysms in the bond markets : late last month the yield on ten - year Greek government bonds vaulted to 7.1 % , the highest since the country joined the euro area and about four percentage points more than that on German bunds , the euro zone 's safest investment .
The panic abated on February 3rd , when the European Commission endorsed the Greek government 's plan to cut the deficit to 3 % of GDP by 2012 .
The day before , Greece 's prime minister , George Papandreou , had used a television address to announce higher taxes on fuel and an extension of a public - sector wage freeze to include low - paid civil servants .
However , Greece and Europe are not out of trouble yet .
The commission says it will watch Greece closely to ensure that it keeps its promises : it expects a report in mid-March on Greece 's chances of hitting this year 's deficit target of 8.7 % of GDP .
Joaquín Almunia , the outgoing economics commissioner , said he hoped a positive assessment by the commission in mid-May would help restore confidence in Greece , which has one of the world 's largest debt burdens relative to its GDP ( see chart 1 ) .
If the Greeks do not regain the markets ' confidence , they may fail to refinance the € 20 billion ( $ 28 billion ) or so of debt that falls due in April and May .
At that point the government would default or would have to be bailed out .
And Greece is not the only country about which the bond markets are worried .
On the same day as the commission approved the Greek plans , investors were selling Portuguese bonds .
The spread of ten - year bonds against bunds widened by 0.16 percentage points , to 1.43 points .
A marathon , not a sprint
Greece has a long history of fiscal trouble .
It has spent half of the past two centuries in default , note Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff in “ This Time Is Different ” , a history of financial crises .
When it became the 12th country to join the euro in 2001 , its public debt was more than 100 % of GDP .
Many thought its chronic budgetary mismanagement might harm the currency .
For Greece , membership was a boon .
Bond markets no longer had to worry about high inflation or devaluation .
Lower interest rates allowed the government to refinance debt on more favourable terms : the ratio of net interest costs to GDP fell by 6.5 percentage points in the decade after 1995 .
The underpricing of default risk during the credit boom gave Greece easy access to longer - term borrowing .
Lower interest rates also spurred a spending splurge .
The economy grew by an average of 4 % a year until 2008 .
But strong GDP growth masked the underlying weakness of the public finances .
The public - debt ratio fell , but only because GDP in cash terms grew more quickly than debt .
Large budget deficits continued .
Once it was safely inside the euro , indeed , Greece relaxed its fiscal grip .
The primary budget balance ( ie , excluding interest payments ) was in surplus in the run-up to membership but has been in deficit since 2003 .
That did little to cool the economy .
Greece 's inflation rate stayed above the euro - area average , hurting its competitiveness .
The economy relied increasingly on foreign borrowing .
The current - account deficit widened to 14.6 % of GDP in 2008 .
If Greece had retained its own currency , trouble might have come sooner .
But in the months after the collapse of Lehman Brothers , Greece was shielded by euro membership .
It could still borrow easily , if not as cheaply , in bond markets even as investors ' aversion to risky assets peaked last March .
The economy was on course for a shallow recession at worst .
Greek banks were free of the toxic mortgage securities that felled others .
Forecasts for the 2009 budget deficit , at 5 % of GDP , seemed almost modest compared with the gaping shortfalls projected for other countries .
Yet the reality was far worse , as became clear after October 's election .
The new government said the true deficit was likely to be 12.7 % of GDP .
Worse , the shortfall for 2008 was also revised up to include unpaid bills to medical suppliers .
The mild downturn hurt tax revenues more than the previous administration had let on .
The economy probably shrank by 1 % last year , but consumer spending fell by more .
Value - added taxes , a reliable source of revenue , were squeezed .
Control of public spending had been relaxed in the run-up to the election , adding to the deficit .
Investors ' trust in Greek statistics , never solid , was shattered .
Two of the three main credit - rating agencies , Fitch and Standard & Poor 's ( S&P ) , cut their rating on Greek bonds and gave warning that a further downgrade was likely .
A debt standstill by Dubai World , a state - backed property venture in the Middle East , made bond investors more nervous about sovereign risk .
Greek bond spreads started to widen again .
In mid-December the government responded with a fresh plan to cut the deficit .
Bond markets were unconvinced .
So were the rating agencies : Fitch and S&P cut Greece 's grade again , from A- to BBB +.
On January 25th the Greek government enjoyed some brief reassurance , raising € 8 billion in a sale of five - year bonds .
The bank syndicate charged with placing the bonds said it had drummed up € 25 billion - worth of orders in a matter of hours from investors attracted by an interest rate of 6.2 % .
Yet within a couple of days Greek bond yields were on the rise again .
Stories that China had turned down an offer of Greek bonds — denied in both Athens and Beijing — also unsettled markets .
Predictably , Mr Papandreou blames speculators for the flare - up in the markets .
But he also concedes that his country has been left vulnerable by its own profligacy .
If the government wants to restore the bond markets ' confidence , it will have to be bolder .
The planned cuts to the public - sector wage bill look small when set against such a large budget deficit .
They also look timid when compared with the much bolder action taken in Ireland , another cash - strapped euro member .
In December the Irish government announced big reductions in civil servants ' pay , only months after it had introduced a “ pension levy ” that cut public - sector wages by 7 % .
Its courage has been rewarded with lower borrowing costs ( see chart 2 ) .
Greece 's finance minister , George Papaconstantinou , says the main problem in his country 's civil service is overmanning , not excessive pay : the right approach is to slow recruitment and allow the payroll to shrink as civil servants retire .
Fine , but time is not on his side .
To appease Greece 's jittery creditors a policy with speedier and more visible results is needed .
A big pay cut in the public sector would help .
Private firms might then find it easier to follow suit , which would help Greece to regain its cost competitiveness .
The government says it will present a plan for pension reform soon .
Greece has one of the most generous , and therefore expensive , state pension systems among the 30 mostly rich OECD countries .
Workers look forward to a pension of 96 % of pre-retirement earnings .
Greeks can no longer afford such a comfortable old age .
In his television address Mr Papandreou hinted that a higher retirement age would be one plank of reform .
A bolder package of budget cuts might secure bond - market finance at tolerable interest rates .
The Greek government says it has to strike a balance between budget cuts and keeping its “ social partners ” happy .
But if it is too kind to public - sector workers , pensioners and so forth , it will struggle to find buyers for its bonds .
If the bond markets are closed to Greece , the country will face bail - out or default .
Neither option is likely to contribute much to social peace .
Which bucket to bail with ?
The thought that Greece might fail to carry out the necessary budget cuts has had officials scratching their heads about the form a bail - out might take .
When yields soared in late January , nervous Eurocrats were briefing journalists that a rescue package for Greece was being considered .
The treaty governing the European Union includes a “ no bail - out ” clause , forbidding countries from assuming the debts of others .
That clause was inserted in 1991 , at the insistence of Germany , at the EU summit in Maastricht , the Dutch town where many of the ground rules for the euro were set down .
Other treaty clauses , however , may allow for aid to an EU state in trouble .
One remedy would be for Greece to arrange a bridging loan from another euro - zone country in good credit , such as Germany .
Such an arrangement may or may not be legal ; it would certainly make for terrible politics .
Voters in the donor country would be outraged if the rewards of their thrift were used to rescue the profligate .
To ensure that good money was not thrown after bad , any loan would need to have conditions attached .
That raises another problem .
It is tricky for one country to tell another how to cut its budget .
When Mexico was rescued in 1994 , the Clinton administration at first wanted to manage the bail - out alone .
It quickly realised that it would be better to have the IMF ask Mexico to sign up to conditions .
For Mexico in the mid-1990s , read Greece today .
“ If Germany steps in , there will be people on the Athens street who will say the Wehrmacht is back , ” an economist remarks .
Illustration by Robert Venables
European officials are privately horrified at the thought of calling in the IMF to bail Greece out .
Pride is at stake .
To turn to the fund for aid would be a humiliation for Europe , never mind the Greeks .
The reputation of the euro is on the line and its members ought to be strong enough to fix problems within its borders .
An IMF - led rescue would only underline the feebleness of the euro zone 's procedures to prevent fiscal laxity , even if few outside Brussels and Frankfurt ever set much store by them .
European officials also seem reluctant to accept that the euro is not a shield against all crises .
The EU has been content to work with the IMF in helping Hungary , Latvia and Romania , but these countries are not yet in the euro .
The trouble is , the euro area has no mechanism to help a member that cannot fund itself in capital markets .
So default is all too plausible .
If Europe is too proud to call on the IMF , it will have to come up with its own fund as a backstop for Greece , and quickly .
A template for such a fund already exists .
The EU has a loan facility to help members outside the euro with balance - of - payments problems .
The fund 's ceiling was raised to € 50 billion last spring , to cope with the potential need for emergency loans to Hungary and others .
The facility is financed by EU - backed bonds , issued as the need arises .
Loans for Greece could be raised in the same way , though it would mean that countries outside the euro , including Britain and Sweden , would be liable if they were not repaid .
And the chances that Britain , determined to stay outside the single currency and short of money itself , would put itself on the hook for a bankrupt euro member seem slim — even if British pension and insurance funds hold a good slice of Greek debt .
In any case , a bail - out by Greece 's partners is unlikely to be as effective in sorting out the country 's finances as an IMF programme .
To assuage the lenders ' domestic voters , EU loans would have to be made at a punitive interest rate .
The IMF , by contrast , would offer cheaper funds with stricter conditions .
And it has the experienced staff the EU lacks to make sure a miscreant sticks to a plan to fix its finances .
There is an alternative to a bail - out within Europe or by the IMF : default .
Mr Almunia has insisted that this will not happen .
“ In the euro are a … default does not exist , ” he declared ( perhaps rashly ) on Bloomberg television .
Yet there is a view that default may be less bad than a bail - out , especially a botched one .
Greece 's financial woes are a problem for the country and its creditors to sort out .
If Greece has to declare a debt standstill , say the hardliners , so be it .
Financial aid would only discourage countries from mending their finances .
Concerns that this would undermine the euro 's credibility may be misplaced .
The countries that stand behind the rich world 's other main currencies ( the dollar , the yen and the pound ) have troubles of their own .
Indeed , the euro is suffering from a surfeit of credibility since , on many gauges , it is overvalued against the dollar .
Coming Acropolis
What makes default unpalatable is the fear of contagion — that if Greece were allowed to go under , the cost of borrowing for other troubled euro members would shoot up .
( Banks holding troubled countries ' bonds would also suffer . )
Portugal , as the sell - off on February 3rd suggests , is next in line .
Its public - debt ratio is 77 % and rising .
Its current - account deficit is almost as big as Greece 's ( see chart 3 ) .
Italy has public debt of a similar scale , relative to GDP , to Greece 's ; but its budget deficit is only half as big and its current - account deficit is relatively small .
The Italian bond market is the world 's third - largest .
Such a large and liquid market is less vulnerable to speculative attack than a small one , such as Greece 's or Portugal 's .
Ireland is small , too , but its government has shown itself willing to take unpopular decisions to right its public finances .
The Irish economy is more flexible so its medium - term prospects seem brighter .
The economy grew slightly in the third quarter of last year .
There are even signs that tax revenues are recovering .
The Greek crisis only confirms the folly of binding a group of disparate countries together in a currency zone with no mechanism , such as a central fiscal authority , to address its internal imbalances .
The north - south divide in the euro area looks more marked than ever .
The north , exemplified by Germany , relies on exports to power its growth , saves hard and runs trade surpluses .
The southern economies , such as Greece , have leant too heavily on consumer spending , have weak public finances and rely on foreign capital to supplement their low savings .
Do these disparities , and the trouble in Greece , threaten the break - up of the euro , as some believe ?
European officials retort that large imbalances are found in all large currency areas — even the United States .
Spain 's construction bust and rigid labour markets seem certain to condemn it to years of economic struggle and high unemployment , yet Michigan is scarcely in better shape .
The state 's outlook is clouded by the long decline of Detroit 's motor industry .
Greece is struggling to raise funds , but so is California , which accounts for a far bigger share of America 's output ( one- eighth ) than Greece does of the euro zone 's ( a bit more than one - fortieth ) .
An important difference in the case of the United States , however , is that the bulk of taxing and public spending is done by the federal government .
As Marco Annunziata of UniCredit , an Italian bank , points out , California 's debt amounts to less than 1 % of America 's GDP .
Greek debt comes to 2 % of the euro zone 's GDP .
It is unlikely that Greece would be forced out of the euro , still less that it would choose to leave .
Any hint of that would cause a bank run .
A departing country may get a brief fillip from having a cheaper currency but it would still be left with expensive euro debt to service .
Borrowing costs would shoot up to reflect higher currency and inflation risk .
A more likely scenario than break - up is that the euro area finds ways around the absence of a central fiscal authority while stopping well short of a unified budget , for which there is scant political support .
A forthcoming paper from the Centre for European Policy Studies , a Brussels think - tank , sets out some ideas about how this could be done .
The authors , Daniel Gros and Thomas Mayer , think the euro area should prepare for fiscal crises instead of trying only to prevent them .
They propose an insurance system with premiums based on each country 's debt and budget deficit .
The money raised would be used for loans to euro members shut out of bond markets .
If a bailed - out country failed to comply with the conditions attached to loans and threatened default , the fund would stand ready to swap the country 's “ bad ” bonds , at a discount , for “ good ” bonds backed by euro - zone members , in order to limit the costs of contagion .
“ Only if default is possible can market discipline be maintained , ” say the authors .
Such a scheme would not obviate the need for deep reform in Greece .
Successful companies complain that they are overtaxed to make up for evasion elsewhere .
Small firms continue to operate below their efficient scale , because if they were bigger , they would attract the tax authorities .
Greece 's higher inflation is partly explained by a lack of competition in parts of the economy .
As in Italy and Spain , wages are set centrally with too little regard for differences in productivity across industries and companies .
If Greece is to get itself out of trouble , fixing the public finances is only the beginning .
A decade ago , heirloom and open - pollinated , or OP , varieties of vegetables and flowers as well as certified organic seeds were the domain of small , regional seed houses .
Today , most mainstream seed companies , such as Johnny ’s , Stokes , Burpee , Park ’s , Vessey ’s , Harris , Thompson & Morgan , and Jung also offer these choices , a change that put many of those small , alternative companies out of business .
Some are still around , however , and new names appear regularly .
If you want to try some blue - highway seed companies , to steal William Least Heat - Moon ’s title , try some of these less - well - known seed sellers .
Most but not all also publish a print catalog .
Marianna ’s Heirloom Seeds :
This family - owned Tennessee company grows and sells “ extraordinary heirloom and Italian seeds , ” hundreds of tomatoes , peppers , and eggplants .
You can find tomatoes from near white to near black and both sweet and hot peppers , but even more special is the eggplant collection : 28 varieties in white , apple green , orange , amethyst , rose , pink , lilac , violet , and best of all — at least on the color scale — “ electric purple with white clouds . ”
Ronniger Potato Farm :
The Ronniger family has been growing certified seed potatoes — “ the best all - round bundle of nutrition known ” — for more than 30 years .
Theirs is a rainbow inventory , everything from ‘ Red Thumb ’ , ‘ Purple Peruvian ’ , and ‘ All Blue ’ to yellows like ‘ Yukon Gold ’ , their bestseller .
Traditionalists wedded to white - fleshed spuds can find plenty to like , including the heirloom ‘ Early Ohio ’ and ‘ Atlantic ’ , guaranteed for potato - chip making .
Nichols Garden Nursery : Sixty years old this year , Nichols is still family owned and operated and still sells a topnotch manifest of seeds from its location in Oregon ’s Willamette Valley .
Gardening conditions there are the “ best possible , ” but its seeds — vegetables , flowers , but especially herbs — will grow anywhere .
Even a Connecticut Yankee or a Georgia peach will love its agrimony - to - wormwood herb inventory .
Where else can you find 22 basils ?
Diane ’s Flower Seeds :
A new kid on the block , Diane Linsley also grows many of the seeds she offers , especially hard - to - find varieties .
Heirloom , rare , and endangered flowers are her metier , but she also offers 100 heritage tomatoes and a small array of old - time vegetable varieties .
Most special are her perennial flower seeds — achillea to viola — which are suitable for patient gardeners not demanding blossoms the first year .
High Mowing Organic Seeds : Tom Sterns , a hero of the sustainable farming and buy - local movement in Vermont , lists 450 - plus varieties of certified organic vegetable seeds , a mix of heirlooms , OPs , and hybrids — plus a handful of flower seeds .
What seeds Sterns can’t produce on his farm he purchases from other independent growers and a few wholesale seed companies that “ stand out in terms of their commitment to organics . ”
Filaree Farm : Filaree is a vampire ’s nightmare : it produces more than 100 strains of certified - organic garlics on its 20 - acre farm in north - central Washington .
Order early , as “ Sorry ! Sold Out ” is the catalog ’s most frequent annotation for everything from ‘ Aglio Rosso ’ , a Creole garlic from the Abruzzo region of Italy , to the the large , artichoke garlic ‘ Chopaka Mountain ’ , described as mild “ with a tingle . ”
Gary Ibsen ’s TomatoFest : Tomatoes — seeds for the “ best tasting , non -hybrid , non-genetically modified , old - fashioned and rarest heirloom tomatoes from around the world ” — are the stock - in - trade of this California firm .
It ’s a fest and a feast , and choosing from the many is n’t easy .
The most - ordered varieties were ‘ Chocolate Stripe ’ and ‘ Italian Heirloom ’ .
Not your cup of tea ?
There are 598 alternatives .
Seeds Trust : “ Vegetable , wild flower , native grass , and herb seeds for a sustainable future ” remains the mantra for this company , now in its third decade .
The warehouse operations have moved to Arizona from Idaho , but propietor Bill McDorman still focuses on cold - hardy , short - season varieties for people with their heads in the clouds .
For a start , he offers “ 43 trialed , tested , and notably early and vigorous tomatoes , ” most from Siberia .
Karan Davis
Cutler is one of eight garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin ’
It .
She 's a former magazine editor and newspaper columnist and the author of scores of garden articles and more than a dozen books , including “ Burpee - The Complete Flower Gardener ” and “ Herb Gardening for Dummies . ”
She now struggles to garden in the unyieldingly dense clay of Addison County , Vt. , on the shore of Lake Champlain , where she is working on a book about gardening to attract birds and other wildlife .
Editor ’s note :
To read more by Karan Davis Cutler , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
See also our Diggin '
It blog archive and RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our next contest .
The street - facing side of Tokyo's N Building is covered in QR codes that can be read by your phone for up - to - date information — including Twitter updates from the building 's inhabitants as they happen .
Advertisement
The project is a collaboration between Qosmo and Teradadesign .
Any mobile device that can read QR codes can access shop information , but more in - depth content like tweets ( located by GPS tagging ) , coupons , and reservations can be seen through a dedicated iPhone app that 's available only by request .
Advertisement
Now this is a use of augmented reality I can really get behind : instead of cluttering up a building with billboards and sale signs , they 're hidden within an aesthetically pleasing QR Code design .
More of this !
Please ?
[ Creative Applications via Design Boom ]
The executive director of Napa State Hospital , a Northern California mental institution whose patients include convicted child molesters , was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of sexually molesting a foster child in his care for more than a decade .
Claude Edward Foulk , 62 had been charged Tuesday with 35 felony counts , including 22 counts of forcible oral copulation , 11 counts of sodomy by use of force and two counts of forcible lewd act on a child , according to the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office .
Prosecutors asked that bail be set at $ 3.5 million .
If convicted on all counts , he faces a maximum sentence of 280 years in state prison .
An appointee of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , Foulk allegedly began molesting the then - 10 - year - old boy in the fall of 1992 , shortly after taking him in as a foster child .
They lived in Long Beach at the time , authorities said .
The molestation allegedly continued through 2003 , after Foulk and the youth moved to Walnut .
Prosecutors said there are " numerous " additional victims " who fall outside the statute of limitations . "
According to a statement from the Orange County district attorney 's office , they cannot pursue cases of molestation that occurred before 1988 because of a U.S. Supreme Court decision .
Police were alerted to the allegations of sexual assault last year after one alleged victim , now in his 40s , discovered that Foulk was in charge of a hospital in Northern California .
Neither Foulk nor his attorney could be reached for comment .
State officials released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying Foulk had been removed from his job .
[ Updated at 3:36 p.m . " Long Beach police served an arrest warrant at Napa State Hospital today , taking Executive Director Claude Edward Foulk into custody on felony charges of child molestation , " the statement read .
" Foulk served as executive director at the hospital from 2007 to the present .
The charges are related to incidents that predate Mr. Foulk ’s tenure at Napa State Hospital .
Mr. Foulk ’s employment with the Department of Mental Health has been terminated , effective immediately . ” ]
-- Andrew Blankstein and Richard Winton
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
Hey everyone , happy Monday !
Mick Perona here again with your “ This Week in DLC ” goodness !
And because it ’s been crazy busy in the world of PlayStation , this week we ’re combining the usual “ Sack it to Me ” post with today ’s DLC update .
Here ’s what ’s going on with LittleBigPlanet .
New This Week
St. Patrick ’s Day Costume for LBP PS3 ( FREE ) – Celebrate St. Patty ’s Day in your favorite LittleBigPlanet levels with this FREE costume !
In Case You Missed It
Canyons Costume for LBP PSP ( FREE ) – Get a sneak peek of what ’s in the Canyons Theme Pack with this FREE Canyons costume !
Canyons Theme Pack for LBP PSP ( $ 2.99 ) – Download a new set of goodies to create your own Canyons themed levels .
The Canyons Theme Pack includes 2 Costumes , 19 CREATE Materials , 15 Stickers , 1 Music Kit , and 1 Background .
What ’s New ?
A heartfelt welcome to all the folks over at Media Molecule as they join us as part of SCE ’s global development operation , SCE Worldwide Studios ( SCE WWS ) .
Ever Wonder “ who ’s who ” over at Media Molecule ?
Allow us to introduce our new family members !
Workshop of the Week
At LittleBigWorkshop.com , it ’s time to get in on the fun for their March contest , and this time up it ’s a sports theme !
Have at it , SackPeeps !
Ski
from ridetheplanets
Here is the third and ultimate episode of The Japanese Experience , the webcast from our trip and making of from our next major film project , TIME ...
A kicker , pillows , cat session definitely not to miss !
RTR 's FrontPage ® Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 10 , IIS 8.5 , IIS 8 and IIS 7.5 are now all available !
Follow these instructions to :
What 's New :
The Basics :
The RTR FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 10 on Windows Server 2016 / Windows 10 , IIS 8.5 on Windows Server 2012 R2 , the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 8 on Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8 , and the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 7.5 on Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 7 have the same functionality as both the Microsoft FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 7 on Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista and the Microsoft FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 6 on Windows Server 2003 .
The only functional difference is that the FrontPage 2002 Server Extensions have now been ported to work with IIS 8.5 , IIS 8 and IIS 7.5 .
As such , the basic install prerequisites and procedures have not changed .
The above procedures deal with licensing issues , but for full details on the FrontPage Server Extensions requirements , installation , and operation , please see :
Requirement :
You must use the server built in native administrator account , default user name Administrator , to install the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions in Windows Server 2012 R2 , Windows Server 2012 , Windows 8 , Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 7 .
In Windows 8 and Windows 7 , you may have to activate the user Administrator account in order to use it .
You should locate it in Computer Management | System Tools | Local Users and Groups | Users folder .
When activating the Administrator account , be sure to set a password to be able to administer the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions .
After you have downloaded the correct FPSE 2002 installation package , you need to make sure that you install the FrontPage Server Extensions using full administrative permissions as the user Administrator , the server built in native administrator account .
The above steps are required because the User Account Control ( UAC ) security component in the Windows Vista , Windows 7 , Windows Server 2008 , Windows Server 2008 R2 , Windows Server 2012 , Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012 R2 operating systems will prevent the FPSE 2002 installation package from installing correctly .
For more information about UAC , please see the following documentation : http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=113664
Domain Controllers do not have a built in native administrator account and therefore installation of the RTR FPSE is not supported on them
Installation of the RTR FPSE on a Domain Controller will fail
Use of a domain admin or local admin account to install the RTR FPSE will fail to complete successfully , even if no error messages are displayed
Warning : While the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions have been built and tested for IIS 8.5 with Windows 2012 R2 , IIS 8 with Windows 2012 and Windows 8 and IIS 7.5 with Windows 2008 R2 and Windows 7 ( both 32 and 64 bit versions ) , many of the clients are quite old and there are issues that you should be aware of before you purchase any licenses .
Please refer to our Known Issues page for details .
Important Note : Please uninstall old versions of the server extensions before installing !
If you have attempted to install any version of the Microsoft FrontPage 2002 Server Extensions on any machine with an IIS 7.5 server ( i.e. any machine with Windows 2008 R2 Server or Windows 7 ) or with an IIS 8 server ( i.e. any machine with Windows Server 2012 or Windows 8 ) or with an IIS 8.5 server ( i.e. any machine with Windows Server 2012 R2 ) , it is imperative that you completely uninstall the old version prior to installing the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 for IIS 8.5 , IIS 8 or IIS 7.5 .
Ready - to - Run Software appreciates your interest in this release and is very interested in your comments and observations .
Please email questions and comments about this release to .
For More Information :
How to Count Sites and Subwebs
How to Extend / Enable a Web Site with the RTR FrontPage Server Extensions
License Information
License Manager Details
Licensing FAQ
Floating License Installation
Node - Locked License Installation
Hosted License Installation
Evaluation License Installation
Common Licensing Error Messages
Reprise License Manager , End User Support
Note : As of December 18 , 2010 , Microsoft FrontPage Server Extensions 2002 ( FPSE 2002 ) for both 32 and 64 bit versions of Microsoft Windows Server 2008 ( Code Name " Longhorn " ) and Vista are available at a new location , directly from Microsoft 's iis.net website .
READER COMMENTS ON
" ' Maxim ' Feature on Death of Bush / Rove / GOP IT Guru Mike Connell is Now Posted Online "
( 22 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/12/2010 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
Corporate owned ( not liberal ) media doing their job , they do n't inform Americans that they got a tax cut ... but then do a poll showing Americans do n't know they got a tax cut , as if someone else is to blame : Poll Reveals Most Americans Don't Know They Got a Tax Cut http://www.cbsnews.com/b...sheet/entry6201911.shtml
Just like they do n't broadcast the Connell story or the Sibel Edmonds story .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/13/2010 @ 4:31 am PT ...
How come everyone reports Connell was " holier than thou " , when he was a Catholic ( he - he )
The whole spiel about a certain religion is that you can sin all you want as long as you go to confession and have your sins absolved .
He must have really felt guilty as he had to go twice a day !!!
" Oh Fuck "
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... TeeJay said on 2/13/2010 @ 6:19 am PT ...
Stop the Press !
Simon Worrall " believes it 's highly likely that Connell was , in fact , murdered . "
Brad , you might want to update your
" Exclusive " of the " mysterious death " of the " Bush / Rove / GOP It Guru " with the " tantalizing facts " found in the NTSB final report .
Its been out for weeks .
I 'm no friend of Bush , Rove or the GOP ; but you 've tarnished your reputation and that of the Left. " Excellence in Investigative Journalism " ?!
Hillarious !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/13/2010 @ 10:50 am PT ...
Q :
What kind of bilgewater - slog of a disgusting human being do you have to be to write a goading - gotcha comment like the one above re : the potential murder of a man who may have taken the fall for the ratprick - slicks who stole 2 elections , took us off to illegal war and gave this country to the corporations ?
Hmmmmmm ?
Followup Q :
And how much gall does it take for this subterranean , single - celled , filth of a person to write such a thing in the comments section of a real journalist whose critical work is ( finally ) being validated ( though not by measure enough ) on the subject , and who takes his Fourth Estate responsibilities seriously enough to tell us the truth ?
... just wanna know .
Do we need a new sliding scale , now , to gauge this kind of scale 10 , first degree , top - tiered , no - holes - barred trolling ?
( Tea -trolls ?
Troll - harded - tards ? ) ... or do we see a rancid comment like Tea - Jay's , and ignore it because we know it means that Brad's ( continued ) validation is driving someone to ankle grab n' take it for these blacktreasonouspoisonous pricks ?
So , yes , I guess that does n't make you a " friend " of Bush , Rove , or the GOP - just their gang rape victim .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/13/2010 @ 11:04 am PT ...
An excellent piece from Mr. Worrall .
Thank you , Maxim .
I bought it last week at the airport and poured over it on the plane ... ... cried for his widow .
I have seen first - hand how government agencies " clean up " human remains when they 're in a damn hurry to shutter the evidence away .
Heather Connell 's description of the condition of the crash site , to me , is the most compelling evidence of foul play .
On top of being the most disrespectful way to treat our honored dead .
Right , TeeJay ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/13/2010 @ 11:15 am PT ...
This is all over the news !
The fillibuster was used ONCE in the 1950's , but was used 139 times the last session !
( it 's NOT in the " news " ) :
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/26315908/#35375274
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/13/2010 @ 11:25 am PT ...
...once per congress in the 1950's , technically .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDk--5-WH3k
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/13/2010 @ 11:32 am PT ...
Hey # 3 , scared rabbit syndrome is what keeps this country heading straight to the bottom .
If you can't look at the obvious , beyond coincidental information surrounding his death but choose instead to take a coverup report as simply proof enough to satisfy you , you do n't understand the depth power will go to to protect itself .
Good luck with that scared rabbit syndrome in the face of eternity .
Keep up the GREAT WORK Brad !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... aj said on 2/13/2010 @ 3:51 pm PT ...
can we listen to the tower tapes please ?????
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... ashley said on 2/13/2010 @ 4:32 pm PT ...
Are you all wack jobs here or what .
[ ed note :
Why , yes , ashley , we are .
Welcome .... — 99 ]
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Tunga said on 2/13/2010 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
Big Dan @ # 1 : US citizens may have gotten a tax cut but American citizens are absent the liability to pay by virtue of the fact that without the " income " generated by working for the federal government or signing a W4 or being an " officer of a domestic corporation " ( where domestic means and includes the District of Columbia ) we do n't owe no stinkin ' income tax .
Thank you very much .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Carol said on 2/13/2010 @ 11:33 pm PT ...
Excellent job , Brad !
One question : is Arnebeck still pursuing this case ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Carol said on 2/13/2010 @ 11:42 pm PT ...
Re : TeeJay 's comment above about the " tantalizing details " in the NTSB report , read Mark Crispin Miller at OpEdNews .
" Pilot errors and weather conditions " killed Mike Connell , says NTSB
This is hardly a surprise , considering the source .
Note the passing reference , in the piece below , to the questions raised about the crash by " left - leaning bloggers and Web sites . "
From that aside you 'd never know that those who 've raised such questions now include Connell 's widow , Heather , as well as cyber - expert Stephen Spoonamore -- neither of whom " leans left " at all : on the contrary .
The NTSB said Thursday the airplane crashed because of Connell 's " inappropriate control inputs as a result of spatial disorientation , which led to an aerodynamic stall and loss of control . "
Investigators ruled Connell 's statement he was " due north and climbing " was a sign of spatial disorientation .
_________
Yes , well that can happen when there is a microprocessor installed in your plane that confuses the Instrument Landing System and gives incorrect information to the pilot so that he cannot really correct .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/14/2010 @ 8:57 am PT ...
The one detail in the Connell crash that has nagged at me for years is the fact that this plane crashed into an UNOCCUPIED home , in a residential neighborhood full of otherwise OCCUPIED homes .
Had the plane crash landed into an occupied dwelling , possibly killing or maiming the residents , surely lawsuits would have ensued to determine more particulars of the reason for the crash - and the actions of Mr. Connell prior to the unfortunate event .
Curiously convenient .
Has anyone ever interviewed any of the firefighters ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/14/2010 @ 9:04 am PT ...
This is the first I 've heard about us all being wack jobs .
I know I 'm still kinda new to all this but I wish somebody woulda told me that .
Can I have a wackjob , too ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/14/2010 @ 9:06 am PT ...
It would be interesting to know if any insurance claim was filed by the homeowner whose unoccupied home was damaged in the crash .
Ofcourse , it may have been a bank repo .
I never have come across any info on the particulars of that home 's ownership , or if any insurance claims orlegal action was filed relating to the damges it sustained .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/14/2010 @ 10:20 am PT ...
Can our Cyber Softball Team be called -- Wack Jobs United ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... DonM said on 2/14/2010 @ 1:01 pm PT ...
On a " slightly " more serious note about trolls who pop into various forums and say " you 're all wack ( sic ) jobs " ...
I often wonder if they are :
1 ) paid disinformers , trying to disrupt a conversation
2 ) loons , who do this as the equivalent of putting fingers in both their ears and yelling ..
LALALALALALALA
3 ) really smart people who know something that we do n't ( seems unlikely )
4 ) ?? have any of you ever had an actual face to face " conversation " with someone who would make a post like that ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... karlof1 said on 2/14/2010 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
Floridiot @2
It 's like this , see : Christ died for your sins , so now you can sin all you want and go to heaven .
That 's why Bush loved Christ , and Obama loves him too .
Please feel free to use at anytime .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Gus W said on 2/14/2010 @ 11:27 pm PT ...
After all the work Connell did for the Bushes , going back to pre-internet days , you 'd think they would have issued a statement regarding the tragic loss of their dedicated IT specialist .
Weird that Mrs. Connell did n't comment on condolences , or lack thereof from Bush , Rove , McCain or staff .
How did it seem to her in terms of her husbands hugely high - profile clients not publicly paying their respects ?
I think the media silence on all this is stunning , especially Rachel Maddow ( her decision ? ) .
The fact that the FBI is investigating the " Mark Felt " letters should be newsworthy .
Can any of you media insiders get the story - behind - the - non - story ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R said on 2/23/2010 @ 11:02 pm PT ...
Brad , I really wonder if you think about it , there might be no difference from Mike O'Connel to Joe Stack .
Obviously there are differences between the two as individuals , but maybe not as to and how they were killed and who killed them and maybe why .
Might there be a violent coup continuing between government , intelligence and international agencies ?
All of them using tecnology and media to sell their agenda ...
Would you say that the possibility exists ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Brian R said on 2/23/2010 @ 11:05 pm PT ...
QR Code Link to This Post
I just need to come clean .
It was me who took the upper - decker in stall 2 of the womens bathroom
It was me who shat in the upper riht hand drawer of the VPs desk That horrid smell in the copy room ?
You guessed it .
I took down a ceiling tile , crapped , and put it back up .
The cute new intern ?
It 's my fault she left .
She left her purse in her cube overnight .
Yep , I got it .
The anal retentive accounting woman ?
You know her , she nitpicks every expense you have .
Wel to make you all feel better , last week , at 1 am on a weeknight , I removed the cover from her computer , shit , and then reassembled .
i have no doubt that was the cause of the 4 hours of closed door meetings the next day .
Shall I continue ?
Yes .
The office managers coffee cup .
I apologize for this one because I had Taco Bell .
It was more of anal piss than crap , but nonetheless , the boss had to go toStarbucks the next morning .
The turd in the trunk of the office " luxury ford taurus ? "
Mine also.oh , and that wasnt dog crap sitting in a nice pile on the sidewalk leadin g to the main entrance .
Come on , when was the last time you saw a 250 lb dog ?
How about the fudge in the freezer of the fridge .
It has been in there for 6 weeks .
I pity the fool who removes the plastic cover .
I take secret pleasure in the terror I cause .
I try to keep my activities intentionally random .
hree days in a row here , then a 2 week hiatus .
You never know when I will strike .
Our office is a bg target .
The shitting will continue until I get that friggin raise I was promised 6 months ago .
Good luck , the next round will be worse , and I 've started drinking Metamucil .
Love , THE PHANTOMthis is in or around Your Office ???
Today ’s postulate :
One genius of the system we live under is that the strategies it requires to survive it from day to day are exactly the opposite of what is required to change it .
— Catharine MacKinnon ( 1987 ) , The Art of the Impossible , in Feminism Unmodified , p. 16
( MacKinnon is talking about the survival strategies women have to adopt under patriarchy .
The point generalizes , or analogizes , for many other forms of domination . [ ])
Today ’s corollary :
The point of practical counter - economics , as a strategy for social transformation , is to reverse the polarity .
You do some grassroots organizing , and when you do it right you open up new social spaces , within the shell of the old , where the best strategies that help you flourish from day to day — the ways you make yourself a living — become precisely those that weaken the system ’s supports , and drive its mechanism towards collapse .
Today ’s epigram :
Establishment ( military - industrial ) economic life processes us all into the oil for the gears of the machine .
Grassroots organizing has to free us up to become the sand .
See also :
Graham slams health care process
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) , using exceptionally heated language , called the health care bill on Sunday " seedy Chicago politics , ” “ backroom deals that amount to bribes , ” “ Enron accounting , ” “ the worst of Washington , ” “ phony , ” and a “ sham , ” adding that Obama ’s campaign slogan of “ change you can believe in , after this health care bill debacle is now becoming an empty slogan . ”
Asked it the Senate bill was a done deal , Graham , appearing on CNN's " State of the Union , " replied :
“ This is far from over .
The House and Senate bills are in many ways irreconcilable .
But you know , I like David .
He ran a brilliant campaign , but they 're doing a lousy job governing the country , in my view .
You know , change you can believe in , after this health care bill debacle is now becoming an empty slogan .
And it 's really been replaced by seedy Chicago politics , when you think about it , backroom deals that amount to bribes . ”
Host John King interjected : “ Bribes -- that 's a strong word . ”
Graham defended his choice of words : “ Well , it is , oh , absolutely , it 's a strong word .
It was meant to be strong ; principled compromised -- I mean , a compromise sold as a principled solution to an emotional problem like abortion that 's fallen flat ; Enron accounting techniques -- everything that people were upset with about Washington has gotten worse .
And this bill personifies the worst of Washington . ”
“ You and I know -- you 've been around this town a long time -- that the Senate and the House is not going to impose those cuts .
So when you put that into the health care mix , this thing does n't save money ; it costs money .
And that 's phony . ”
“ So it is Enron - accounting .
It is a sham .
You collect taxes for 10 years and you pay out benefits for six years , and the Class Act , which no one 's talking about , is a completely new government entitlement . ”
Google and YouTube use Python because it 's highly adaptable , easy to maintain , and allows for rapid development .
If you want to write high - quality , efficient code that 's easily integrated with other languages and tools , this hands - on book will help you be productive with Python quickly -- whether you 're new to programming or just new to Python .
It 's an easy - to - follow self - paced tutorial , based on author and Python expert Mark Lutz 's popular training course .
Each chapter contains a stand - alone lesson on a key component of the language , and includes a unique Test Your Knowledge section with practical exercises and quizzes , so you can practice new skills and test your understanding as you go .
You 'll find lots of annotated examples and illustrations to help you get started with Python 3.0 .
Learn about Python 's major built - in object types , such as numbers , lists , and dictionaries Create and process objects using Python statements , and learn Python 's general syntax modelStructure and reuse code using functions , Python 's basic procedural toolLearn about Python modules : packages of statements , functions , and other tools , organized into larger components Discover Python 's object - oriented programming tool for structuring codeLearn about the exception - handling model , and development tools for writing larger programsExplore advanced Python tools including decorators , descriptors , metaclasses , and Unicode processing
These are the kinds of jobless rates that push families already struggling on meager incomes into destitution .
And such gruesome gaps in the condition of groups at the top and bottom of the economic ladder are unmistakable signs of impending societal instability .
This is dangerous stuff .
Nothing good can come of vast armies of the unemployed just sitting out there , simmering .
When the data about underemployment is factored in  meaning individuals who are working part time but would like to work full time , and those who have stopped looking but would take a job if one were available  the picture only worsens .
In the lowest group , the underemployment rate was 20.6 percent , compared with just 1.6 percent in the highest group .
The people suffering the most drastic employment reversals in this recession have been those who were in the lower - income groups to begin with  the young , less well - educated workers , especially black and Hispanic high school dropouts , and certain categories of service workers , such as food preparers and building cleaners .
Blue - collar workers were also hammered , especially those in the construction industry .
This is not to say that the middle class has not been hurt badly by the recession .
It has been .
In last year ’s fourth quarter , the group with household incomes of $ 40,000 to $ 49,000 had a jobless rate of 9 percent , close to the disastrous national average .
The $ 50,000 to $ 59,000 group had a 7.8 percent jobless rate , and households earning $ 60,000 to $ 75,000 had a jobless rate of 6.4 percent .
The point here is that those in the lower - income groups are in a much , much deeper hole than the general commentary on the recession would lead people to believe .
And none of the policy prescriptions being offered by the administration or the leaders of either party in Congress would in any way substantially alleviate the plight of those groups .
We talk about the recession as if all of its victims were suffering equally , and all will be helped by some bland , class - and - category - neutral solution .
That is so wrong .
As the Center for Labor Market Studies explained in its report : “ A true labor market depression faced those in the bottom two deciles of the income distribution ; a deep labor market recession prevailed among those in the middle of the distribution , and close to a full employment environment prevailed at the top . ”
Those who believe this grievous economic situation will right itself of its own accord or can be corrected without bold , targeted ( and , yes , expensive ) government action are still reading from the Ronald Reagan ( someday it will trickle down ) hymnal .
Women have come to the fore of a movement some liberal critics labeled as a group of angry white men .
| AP
Face of the tea party is female
When the tea party movement burst onto the scene last year to oppose President Barack Obama , the Democratic Congress , and the health care legislation they wanted to enact , some liberal critics were quick to label its activists as angry white men .
As the populist conservative movement has gained a foothold over the past year , it ’s become increasingly clear that the dismissive characterization was at least half wrong .
Advertisement
Many of the tea party ’s most influential grass - roots and national leaders are women , and a new poll released this week by Quinnipiac University suggests that women might make up a majority of the movement as well .
Generalizations about such a decentralized assortment of local groups are difficult , and the poll ’s assistant director , Peter A. Brown , cautioned that its finding that 55 percent of self - identified tea partiers are women has a relatively high margin of error .
But tea party organizers and activists say they ’ve seen the influence of women firsthand — personified by the politician most associated with the movement , former Alaska governor Sarah Palin , the headline speaker Saturday when tea party activists hold a pair of rallies in Nevada , one of them in Searchlight , the home of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
Celebrities such as Palin have had less influence shaping the movement , however , than an outburst of women ’s activism unusual among conservatives .
“ For years , it has been the liberal women who have organized and been staunch grass - roots and policy advocates , ” Rebecca Wales , a spokeswoman for Smart Girl Politics , a new group formed to train and mobilize women in the tea party movement .
“ No longer is it only the liberals .
Conservative women have found their voices and are using them , actively and loudly . ”
Melanie Gustafson , an associate professor of history at the University of Vermont who has studied and written about the role of women in politics , said the tea party has provided a more direct way for conservative women to have influence than the Republican Party , where she says “ women have always struggled for inclusion . ”
Gustafson said the surge of female activism in the tea parties is similar in some ways to the response to Theodore Roosevelt ’s Progressive Party in 1912 from “ women who could n’t vote , but who saw it as moment where they could enter directly into politics , rather than by influencing their husbands . ”
“ There ’s something happening here ( in the tea party movement ) in the same way which is bypassing the parties and I think women are comfortable with that type of organizing , because it ’s community organizing ” that revolves around family rituals .
Take women such as Darla Dawald .
“ You know the old saying that if mama ai n’t happy , ai n’t nobody happy ? ”
Dawald , national director for the tea party social network and activism site ResistNet said , when asked why women seem to outnumber men in the movement .
“ Well , when legislation messes with mama ’s kids and it affects her family , then mama comes out fighting — and I do n’t mean in a violent way , of course . ”
A former healthcare administrator as well as stepmother , Dawald , 46 , said women have particularly been drawn to tea party activism because of their perspective on the proposed healthcare overhaul that became the movement ’s defining issue .
“ Statistically , healthcare is something that women drive , ” she said .
“ They usually decide where their families will be cared for and are the ones making the appointments and so forth , so ( the tea party ’s opposition ) became something that was being driven very strongly by women . ”
Dawald estimates that at least 55 percent of ResistNet ’s 74,000 members are women .
In Tea Party Patriots , an influential umbrella coalition of local groups , 15 of the 25 state coordinators are women , as are five of the Patriots ’ nine national coordinators .
One of those national coordinators , Jenny Beth Martin of Atlanta , considered among the more prominent grassroots leaders in the movement , said she thinks women have been drawn to the movement because of their experience with family finances .
“ Many women are the primary decision makers when it comes to the household budget , ” said Martin , a 39 - year - old mother of two who did political and IT consulting before losing her home and becoming a full - time tea party activist .
“ From first - hand experience , they know you cannot spend your way out of debt at home and they know that philosophy translates to businesses and to the government . ”
FreedomWorks , the Washington nonprofit group that has helped facilitate the tea party movement , has given female tea party leaders , including Martin , the platform and the tools to reach a wider audience , said the group ’s top organizer , Brendan Steinhauser , because “ they ’re very effective as leaders at the local and national level , and they help make it a more powerful movement . ”
Steinhauser said it “ is no accident ” that Martin largely emceed the massive , FreedomWorks - sponsored Sept. 12 Taxpayers March on Washington , a seminal event in the tea party movement .
“ We wanted to highlight her because she is reflective of what we saw in the movement and what we hoped to see in the movement . ”
Since Democratic candidates traditionally attract the majority of women ’s votes , the emergence of an energized group of female conservatives is something the Republicans who have assiduously courted them will pay off this November .
“ If , in fact , the tea party movement were to bring women into the Republican ranks who were not otherwise affiliated with the process before , or were former Democrats , that would certainly be good for the Republicans , ” said Quinnipiac ’s Brown .
The gender gap also could make the tea party more of an electoral force in its own right , Brown said .
Lu Ann Busse , head of the Colorado coalition of tea partyesque 9.12 Project groups , sees another practical political advantage to having so many women associated with the tea party — it makes it harder to vilify a movement when its public face is a female one .
“ How do you justify figuratively or literally beating up on grandmas and moms with children in tow ?
It just does not look good , ” the 54 - year - old grandmother wrote in a blog post last month declaring women “ the Tea Party Super Majority . ”
Busse estimates that about 60 percent of the active members in the Colorado tea party and 9.12 Project groups are women .
“ The political elite and power players do not know what to make of us tea party women or how to deal with us , ” she wrote , “ but that is too bad because we are on a mission . ”
Toby Marie Walker , co-founder of the 5,000 - member Waco ( Texas ) Tea Party , said women have proved themselves more adept at handling disagreements within the movement and are “ better communicators . ”
“ Most of the women I deal with in the movement are a lot like me , ” she said .
" Even if I do n't like them , or disagree with them , I recognize we 're all on the same highway , we are just on different buses and can agree to disagree . ”
Walker said it is women in particular who have pushed back against efforts to build a more centralized leadership structure for the tea party movement , which some organizers suggest could help the movement translate its energy into electoral success .
“ Most of the women do not want a large , top - down movement , ” Walker said .
“ We like the local flavor and independence of the tea parties .
We do n't need anyone to tell us what to do from D.C. or a large organization to lead us .
We 're capable of handling most of it on our own . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By James Alexander
BBC News
Fish and chips are a national institution - and now chippies across the country are preparing to celebrate the 150th birthday of our most famous fast food .
Winston Churchill called them " the good companions " .
John Lennon smothered his in tomato ketchup .
Michael Jackson liked them with mushy peas .
They sustained morale through two world wars and helped fuel Britain 's industrial prime .
NUMBER OF CHIPPIES 1910 : c25,000 1929 : c35,000 2009 : c10,000 Sources : seafish.org and Fish and Chips and the British Working Class , by John Walton For generations , fish and chips have fed millions of memories - eaten with greasy fingers on a seaside holiday , a pay - day treat at the end of the working week or a late - night supper on the way home from the pub .
Few can resist the mouth - watering combination - moist white fish in crisp golden batter , served with a generous portion of hot , fluffy chips .
Everyone has their own preferences and tastes vary from one part of the country to another .
Cod or haddock ?
Salt and vinegar ?
Pickled onion ?
Scraps ?
Like Morecambe and Wise or Wallace and Gromit , fish and chips are a classic double act - and yet they started life as solo performers .
And their roots are not as British as you might think .
The story of the humble chip goes back to the 17th Century to either Belgium or France , depending who you believe .
Oddly enough , the chip may have been invented as a substitute for fish , rather than an accompaniment .
When the rivers froze over and nothing could be caught , resourceful housewives began cutting potatoes into fishy shapes and frying them as an alternative .
Around the same time , fried fish was introduced into Britain by Jewish refugees from Portugal and Spain .
The fish was usually sold by street sellers from large trays hung round their necks .
Charles Dickens refers to an early fish shop or " fried fish warehouse " in Oliver Twist ( 1839 ) where the fish generally came with bread or baked potatoes .
North or south ?
Who first had the bright idea to marry fish with chips remains the subject of fierce controversy and we will probably never know for sure .
It is safe to say it was somewhere in England but arguments rage over whether it was up north or down south .
TAKEAWAYS SERVED ANNUALLY 1 . Burgers 748 m 2 . Chinese / Indian food 569 m 3 . Chicken 333 m 4 . Pizza 249 m 5 . Fried fish 229 m Source : NPD Crest market research , Oct 2009 Some credit a northern entrepreneur called John Lees .
As early as 1863 , it is believed he was selling fish and chips out of a wooden hut at Mossley market in industrial Lancashire .
Others claim the first combined fish ' n ' chip shop was actually opened by a Jewish immigrant , Joseph Malin , within the sound of Bow Bells in East London around 1860 .
However it came about , the marriage quickly caught on .
At a time when working - class diets were bleak and unvaried , fish and chips were a tasty break from the norm .
Outlets sprung up across the country and soon they were as much a part of Victorian England as steam trains and smog .
Italian migrants passing through English towns and cities saw the growing queues and sensed a business opportunity , setting up shops in Scotland , Wales and Ireland .
To keep prices down , portions were often wrapped in old newspaper - a practice that survived as late as the 1980s when it was ruled unsafe for food to come into contact with newspaper ink without grease - proof paper in between .
Morale booster
It has even been suggested that fish and chips helped win World War I. According to Professor John Walton , author of Fish and Chips and the British Working Class , the government made safeguarding supplies a priority .
MOST POPULAR FISH SOLD IN CHIPPIES Cod 61.5 % Haddock 25 %
Others ( including hake , halibut , plaice , pollock , sole ) 13.5 % Source : seafish.org
" The cabinet knew it was vital to keep families on the home front in good heart , " says Professor Walton .
" Unlike the German regime that failed to keep its people well fed and that was one reason why Germany was defeated .
" Historians can sometimes be a bit snooty about these things but fish and chips played a big part in bringing contentment and staving off disaffection . "
George Orwell in The Road to Wigan Pier ( 1937 ) put fish and chips first among the home comforts that helped keep the masses happy and " averted revolution " .
During World War II , ministers bent over backwards to make sure fish and chips were one of the few foods that were never rationed .
These days , fish and chips are no longer king of the takeaway .
Burgers , fried chicken , pizza , Indian and Chinese dishes all now outsell fried fish .
Cost is part of the problem .
Strains on stocks of cod and haddock have pushed prices up , while health concerns about deep - fried food have turned many consumers away .
But - despite the recession - sales are rising , according to Seafish , the official authority on all things seafood .
Their researchers reckon fish and chips are not as bad for us as many other takeaways , containing fewer calories and less fat .
' Tricks of the trade '
At the Leeds headquarters of the National Federation of Fish Friers , they say the downturn has boosted business as people seek " comfort food " in tough times .
The three - day course it runs for newcomers keen to join the profession has seen a doubling in demand for places .
Here trainees can learn the tricks of the trade .
Among them is Bill Bradbury , who has travelled from Canada just to come on this course and get hands - on experience .
Demand for training places in Leeds has doubled Under the tutor 's careful gaze , Bill tentatively lowers a carefully - battered fish into the hot chrome fryer .
As it touches the bubbling oil , it sizzles furiously .
Bill was recently made redundant from a steel company in Alberta and is planning to sink his savings into a fish and chip shop back home .
" There 's definitely a market for it .
There 's a big British army base nearby and loads of ex-pats who are desperate for a good chippy .
" Friends were all offering me money to come .
They were saying ' please , it would be great if someone could make proper fish and chips . ' "
The pupils break for lunch .
No prizes for guessing what is on the menu .
There are smiles all round as super - sized bottles of salt and vinegar are passed from one student to another .
Bill grabs a small plastic fork and grins as he spears a hunk of golden haddock and a piping hot chip .
A burst of steam rises as he tucks in : " Delicious . "
A century and a half on , this great British staple still goes down a treat .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I live in a fresh fish port and I have to say that I now stick to the old adage of " never eat fish and chips when you can't see the sea " .
Having lived in inland Reading for a few years , I can attest to the truth in that .
It 's British food at its non -diet friendly best .
Kate , Scarborough
There used to be a fish & chip restaurant in Pahrump , Nevada ( about 70 miles from Las Vegas ) and the owner had imported a genuine fish frying range from Yorkshire .
Although the fish & chips were excellent ( admittedly we took our own pickled onions & mushy peas ) , they failed to catch on with the local population and although the restaurant survives it no longer sells fish & chips .
Mike Smith , Huntingdon , UK I hail from Grimsby and all my late uncles etc were fishermen , and I do believe that Grimsby was the largest fishing port in the world , until various sanctions came into place and killed off what was a living for most residents .
However , I do believe the chippies that remain in Grimsby and neighbouring town Cleethorpes do take a lot of beating when it comes to this wonderful dish , complete with mushy peas .
Excellent , do try on your travels .
Patricia Hallard , Rochdale Memories of mum sending us to the chippy on a Saturday for " one of each and a bag of chips with scraps " .
Why do they taste better outdoors ?
I love the regional variations .
Mushy peas , fritters , black peas , saveloy .
Nobody does it better than the north though .
Charlotte , York
Why can't you get fried batter bits in the South ?
It 's like there 's a line across the country and they stop being available somewhere in the Midlands .
They liven up a chip butty brilliantly .
John C , London , UK Obviously fish ' n ' chips was created in the north .
Just suppose what the name of said dish would have been had it been created in the south : Gently Fried Fish With an accompaniment of equally gently Fried Sliced Potatoes ( with an optional seasoning of various condiments and / or sauces of varying colours , flavours and textures .
Does n't quite roll of the tongue does it ?
Northerner , Yorkshire I do n't rate the fish ' n ' chips in the UK .
Everything sits around in the warmer for too long .
In NZ , you place your order and it's cooked while you wait .
No under - done chips , either .
Best ever ?
From a caravan parked by a beach on the West Coast of the South Island , cooking what they 'd hooked out the waves in front of you .
Ellen , Wellington , NZ I do n't know where it originated , but I live in London and it is practically impossible to get decent fish and chips .
Even the supposed ' quality ' end of the market is poor in my estimation .
And they leave the skin on in the south , it 's just wrong .
Philip Nichols , London I live in Northampton , and like the gentleman who lives in London , you just can't get decent fish and chips here now , it 's all soggy batter and grease .
The best chips are sold at our local Chinese takeaway .
The chip shop owner gets a bit grumpy about it when you just buy his fish and nip the the shop over the road to fetch the chips .
Janet , Northampton UK
The secret to good fish and chips is to cook them in beef dripping like some of the Yorkshire fish and chip shops still do .
The problem with southern fish and chips is there 's no passion , it 's all cooked in vegetable oil and usually sold with pizzas , fried chicken even curry on the menu ... jack of all trades , master of none ... the taste is often bland and greasy .
Jack Hawthorne , Shrewsbury I was once told by an old Mossley resident that initially potato chips were used to cool the fat in solid fuel powered fryers .
They were given away with the fish .
It was only when people started to want just chips that it was realised that they had value .
Alan Crook , Manchester
This article brings back memories of my times in the Royal Navy .
When in the UK , some of the lads would go ashore and nine times out of 10 they would come rolling back to the mess deck with either fish & chips or pie & chips .
One could be sound asleep - it was not the noise that woke you , but the aroma and the cry of " give us a chip " .
There is nothing else like the taste and aroma of fish and chips out of newspaper , which helps the aroma linger on .
Peter , Slough
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CONCORD , N.H. - New Hampshire penned the nation ’s first constitution in 1776 , binding until the end of the Revolutionary War .
With the war won , the state in 1783 ratified a new one that opens with the words , “ All men are born equally free and independent . ’’
Now , some say another rewriting is in order .
The word men might once have referred to those with rights and power , but no longer , and the constitution should be amended to reflect as much , says a group of New Hampshire legislators seeking to excise the word men and similar references and replace them with gender - neutral ones .
In a state that now has the nation ’s first majority female legislative body , backers say that changing the language is imperative .
“ It ’s a very simple thing in my mind , ’’ said state Senator Kathy Sgambati , a Democrat and chief sponsor of the legislation , which has 18 cosponsors .
“ The constitution should reflect our government , and that includes women . ’’
But the constitution is historic , sacred even , others say , and to insert gender - neutral language into the text would alter its natural rhythm and fundamental expression .
“ There is a lyric quality , a literary quality , that expresses the ideals of the founding fathers , ’’ said Representative Jordan Ulery , a Republican .
“ The bland gray socialist language just destroys all that . ’’
Nearly a century after women won the vote , almost four decades since the women ’s rights movement , the measure of women ’s equality is often expressed in quantifiable terms : the number of women who are chief executives , law partners , firefighters .
But there are issues of symbolic equality , too , such as constitutional language .
A number of states have amended their constitutions to include gender - neutral language , including Vermont , Maine , Rhode Island , California , Florida , Hawaii , and New York .
Other states , such as Nebraska , have tried to amend their constitutions and failed .
Massachusetts has kept its original language , as has the US Constitution .
There have been some attempts at smaller changes in Massachusetts .
Senate President Therese Murray has recommended that her members write legislation in gender - neutral language .
A 1998 law allowed bills introduced in the State House to use the words he or she to refer to either gender .
But when state Representative Cory Atkins of Concord introduced a bill in 2008 mandating that gender - neutral language be used instead , she was lambasted as politically correct , with critics arguing that the word he is accepted as a generic term in everything from laws to the Bible .
The measure failed .
" No political appointees in an Obama - Biden administration will be permitted to work on regulations or contracts directly and substantially related to their prior employer for two years .
And no political appointee will be able to lobby the executive branch after leaving government service during the remainder of the administration . "
Switzerland Goes Rogue
No place in Europe has clung to an anachronistic , airbrushed image longer than Switzerland .
The country ’s oddly entrenched reputation for pristine and inviolable " neutrality " has left it ostensibly so removed from the normal give - and - take of international politics that for many Americans the place could pretty much be summed up with the sugary , beyond - politics appeal of Nestlé chocolate .
In fact , however , the myth of Swiss exceptionalism is increasingly tattered these days .
The unraveling of the legend began in the postwar period , accelerating in the 1990s , as more and more stories came out on the Swiss banks ’ involvement in helping the Nazis and their stubbornness about concealing that role .
It did n’t help matters that right - wing Swiss political parties continued to make periodic gains , with the Radical Party signaling a turn to the right in the 1983 parliamentary elections , for example , by drawing more votes than the Social Democrats for the first time in 58 years .
Recent months have brought Switzerland into a vortex of unwelcome international publicity , much of this brought on by a flinty , proud brand of Swiss independence that looks less and less charming to the outside world .
Burt Neuborne , a New York University professor who served as counsel to Holocaust survivors in wrangling with the Swiss , went so far last year to charge in a widely read Los Angeles Times op - ed that it might be time to dub Switzerland a " rogue state . "
Here ’s how things got this far :
The Swiss tossed their reputation for tolerance out the window last November with a nationwide referendum to ban minarets .
Analysts cited raw fear of an encroaching Islam , but that seemed a far - fetched rationale given that there are an estimated 400,000 Muslims in the country , but a grand total of four minarets .
to ban minarets .
Analysts cited raw fear of an encroaching Islam , but that seemed a far - fetched rationale given that there are an estimated 400,000 Muslims in the country , but a grand total of four minarets .
Switzerland has found itself in a bizarre war of words with Libyan leader Muammar al - Qaddafi , who responded to the jailing of his son on assault charges in Geneva by expelling Swiss diplomats , calling for an anti-Swiss jihad , and even proposing to the U.N. General Assembly that the country be abolished .
with Libyan leader Muammar al - Qaddafi , who responded to the jailing of his son on assault charges in Geneva by expelling Swiss diplomats , calling for an anti-Swiss jihad , and even proposing to the U.N. General Assembly that the country be abolished .
Film director Roman Polanski showed up in Zurich last September to accept a lifetime achievement award at the Zurich Film Festival , and the longtime French citizen was promptly arrested on a warrant dating back to 1978 .
Given how squeamish most are about the deeply disturbing Polanski case , dating to his 1970s admission of having sex with an underage girl , the untimely Swiss arrest did the seemingly impossible and generated some sympathy for an admitted sex criminal .
on a warrant dating back to 1978 .
Given how squeamish most are about the deeply disturbing Polanski case , dating to his 1970s admission of having sex with an underage girl , the untimely Swiss arrest did the seemingly impossible and generated some sympathy for an admitted sex criminal .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose leadership style is built on unflashy pragmatism and a dislike of headline - grabbing , grabbed headlines in February as word surfaced that Germany was considering making a deal with known thieves to purchase a CD containing information about German tax evaders with Swiss bank accounts , a move that , as the German news weekly Der Spiegel noted , " risk[ed ] a falling - out with Switzerland . "
Later came word that officials in the German state of Baden - Württemberg planned to buy a second CD .
in February as word surfaced that Germany was considering making a deal with known thieves to purchase a CD containing information about German tax evaders with Swiss bank accounts , a move that , as the German news weekly , " risk[ed ] a falling - out with Switzerland . "
Later came word that officials in the German state of Baden - Württemberg planned to buy a second CD .
The huge Swiss bank UBS was forced to make a deal with the United States to provide information on the banking history of thousands of wealthy U.S. citizens implicated in possible tax evasion , rather than risk U.S. legal action , a move that continued to erode the reputation of Swiss banks .
with the United States to provide information on the banking history of thousands of wealthy U.S. citizens implicated in possible tax evasion , rather than risk U.S. legal action , a move that continued to erode the reputation of Swiss banks .
The controversial euthanasia organization Dignitas has taken advantage of Switzerland ’s liberal assisted - suicide laws to make the country the world ’s most popular destination for " suicide tourism . "
Widespread media coverage of the organization throughout the continent has not done wonders for Switzerland ’s image .
Tempting as it might be to write off some of the controversy as mere sensation , the confluence of events serves to raise deeper questions not only about Switzerland but about how long it takes for ancient assumptions about countries to get an update .
Switzerland established its neutrality at the Congress of Vienna in 1815 and has not fought a war since , making it second behind Sweden as the longest - standing neutral country .
But in Europe this is , to say the least , old news .
For having such a small country , the Swiss have unquestionably made an outsized contribution to world culture , notably through such admired writers as Max Frisch and Hermann Hesse ( born in Germany , but the Swiss claim him ) .
As Berlin correspondent for Wired.com in the 1990s , I wrote multiple stories about a puckish group of Zurich - based Internet artists called etoy who took on a California toy company ( eToys.com ) in a name - domain war , a decisive struggle of the early Internet age that at the time John Perry Barlow , of Electronic Frontier Foundation ( and Grateful Dead ) fame , referred to as " the battle of Bull Run . "
But the etoy boomlet was an exception to a general sense of Swiss culture ’s best days being behind it .
As Frisch mused wearily in his 1954 novel Stiller ( published in English as I ’m Not Stiller ) , looking back on Switzerland ’s halcyon days in the middle of the 19th century , " At that time they had a plan .
At that time they wanted something that had never existed before , and they looked forward to tomorrow and the day after tomorrow .
At that time Switzerland had a historic present .
Do they have that today ?
Homesickness for the day before yesterday , which governs most people in this country today , is oppressive . "
An oppressive longing for a yesterday that never existed — and the xenophobia that often goes with it — clearly lay behind the anti-minaret vote .
Anti-immigration sentiment has been rising in Switzerland , as elsewhere in Europe , though the most openly resented immigrant group in Switzerland actually tends to be the Germans .
It ’s clear the old definition of Swiss neutrality , dating to the country ’s 19th - century origins , but gaining wide currency in the Cold War period , has become largely irrelevant in an era when globalism and economic interdependence now set the tone .
Is it even possible to be " neutral " in any serious sense of the word in a globalized world ?
" It ’s always had this status , but I think it ’s becoming pointless in this time of globalization when you have to cooperate on all levels , " said Albrecht Metzger , an expert on the convergence of Europe and Islam who writes regularly for the weekly Die Zeit .
" You talk about fighting international crime .
You have to cooperate .
You talk about fighting drugs .
You have to cooperate .
It ’s all interconnected .
You have to ask yourself :
Where is neutrality ? "
Why not go further and lump Switzerland together with other countries dubbed " rogue states " ?
That was the argument Neuborne made .
" Swiss bankers cannot manufacture bank secrecy on their own , " Neuborne wrote .
" They need active cooperation from the Swiss government designed to stymie legitimate efforts by other governments to obtain information needed to enforce their laws .
Some rogue states export terrorism or drugs ; Switzerland exports a virus — bank secrecy — that eats away at the fabric of law in the rest of the world . "
Even Neuborne , seeking to make a point , was careful to avoid coming right out and labeling Switzerland a " rogue state " directly , and for good reason :
Such a claim would not pass the laugh test .
However , for too long the Swiss reputation for a pristine neutrality has clouded observers to the more complicated reality of a country that never was and never could be an island apart .
Recent months of controversy may not have amounted to Switzerland ’s being yanked into international courts for its banking practices , but it ’s clear we ’ve reached the point where no country gets a free pass on being above the rules and norms of a highly interconnected 21st - century world .
The chocolate is still good , though .
The mayor of Duluth , Minn. , threw himself into the ice - ringed waters of Lake Superior .
The mayor of Sarasota , Fla. , immersed himself in a tank filled with bonnethead sharks , simply to one - up him .
The mayor of Wilmington , N.C. , said that he would even jump out of an airplane — with a parachute , of course .
They are vying not so much for voters ’ attention as Google ’s attention .
Google has said it plans to build — at no charge — an ultra - high - speed broadband network for 50,000 to 500,000 customers in one or more American cities .
And that offer has become catnip for city leaders , civic boosters and economic development types across the nation .
America lags most other industrialized countries in high - speed Internet access .
Even though the Obama administration last week unveiled a plan that would move the country forward , it will probably be snared in Congressional infighting for some time .
Image Don Ness , the mayor of Duluth , center , jumped into icy Lake Superior for a bigger catch than Richard Brown's , at left .
Credit ... Clint Austin / Duluth News Tribune
Meantime , Google ’s offer of a network with speeds of one gigabit per second , or 100 times faster than many of today ’s high - speed connections , could be a great selling point for a recession - plagued town .
With hundreds of cities expected to apply before the deadline on Friday , city officials are using stunts in the hope their bids will stand out .
And for those who put together a winning proposal , success may well be a swift path to re-election .
Should climate activists and feminists support campaigns to slow population growth ?
Laurie Mazur says that alliance will strengthen the movement .
Ian Angus strongly disagrees …
Introduction
Climate and Capitalism recently published a debate between Betsy Hartmann and Laurie Mazur about campaigns that promote family planning and reproductive health programs as means of slowing population growth and fighting global warming .
We subsequently published a reply to Laurie Mazur in which Ian Angus argued that “ The combination of population reduction and women ’s rights was already like oil and water .
Adding CO2 reductions to the mix only makes things worse . ”
This post continues the debate , with new articles by Laurie Mazur and Ian Angus .
We encourage readers to join the discussion , using the Comments feature at the bottom of this page .
Laurie Mazur is director of the Population Justice Project .
Her book , A Pivotal Moment : Population , Justice and the Environmental Challenge , was published this year by Island Press .
is director of the Population Justice Project .
Her book , A Pivotal Moment : Population , Justice and the Environmental Challenge , was published this year by Island Press .
Ian Angus is editor of Climate and Capitalism .
His book , The Global Fight for Climate Justice : Anticapitalist Responses to Global Warming and Environmental Destruction , is published in North America by Fernwood Publishing , and in Europe by Resistance Books .
+ + + + + + + + + +
++
THE WORLD NEEDS POPULATION JUSTICE
A Reply to Ian Angus
by Laurie Mazur
First , may I suggest that you read my book ?
With chapters by leading thinkers from the environmental , women ’s rights and social justice movements — including Walden Bello , Carmen Barroso , Gordon McGranahan and many others — it offers a wealth of perspectives on the intersection of population dynamics , capitalism and environmental quality .
You and I have many areas of agreement .
Most importantly , we agree that capitalism is the driving force behind ecological devastation today .
I do not “ blame poor women ’s fertility for environmental problems . ”
I argue that consumption in the affluent countries , and — more broadly — globalized , “ free market ” capitalism , is at the root of the problem .
However , I do n’t believe that human numbers are irrelevant ; slower population growth could make environmental problems easier to solve .
Moreover , the best means to slow population growth are all important ends in themselves .
Population , capitalism and carrying capacity
“ People are not the cause of ecological devastation , ” you write in response to one of the comments on your post .
“ Capitalism is . ”
Must we characterize the problem as either “ too many people ” or capitalism ?
In my book , I attempt to show that it is not an either - or .
The Marxists and the “ populationists , ” as you call them , each have valid points .
The Marxists are right that capitalism is driving unprecedented and unsustainable environmental destruction .
The populationists are right to be concerned about the carrying capacity of ecosystems and of the planet in general .
The limits of carrying capacity are excruciatingly difficult to discern , because resources are distributed so inequitably and used so wastefully .
But that does not mean such limits do not exist .
And I do n’t have to tell you that , for many ecosystems , those limits are near — or have already been surpassed .
There is no single magic bullet that will get us out of the environmental mess we are in .
I agree with Wendy , who writes that , “ To reverse the ecological and social meltdown facing us we need to address every aspect of humanity ’s massive assault upon the earth ’s resources . ”
That means weaning ourselves from fossil fuels and cultivating sustainable energy and agriculture .
It means replacing the capitalist imperatives of growth and accumulation with a new ethic of justice and sufficiency .
And it means doing so against a backdrop of irreversible environmental damage : climate change , species extinction , and resource depletion .
I believe these monumental challenges would be easier to surmount with a world population of eight billion , rather than 11 billion .
You take me to task for asserting that :
“ The affluent countries can reduce emissions by reducing the vast amounts of waste in our systems of production and consumption .
But the developing countries are not likely to raise their standards of living without more intensive use of resources and higher emissions . ”
Now , the first part of my statement is hard to argue with .
The second part is subject to legitimate debate , which you elude by suggesting that poor people trying to get out of poverty can use “ low - emission technologies . ”
But what are the technologies that will enable everyone on earth to live a decent quality of life without vastly increasing carbon emissions ?
There are 6.8 billion people on the planet today , and demographic projections say we ’ll get to anywhere from 8 billion to 11 billion by 2050 .
Let ’s use 9 billion , the UN ’s medium projection — though it ’s far from a sure bet .
Now let ’s look at per capita CO2 , an imperfect but still useful proxy for other greenhouse gas emissions , and for environmental impact generally .
As you know , Americans emit more CO2 per capita than anyone on earth–about 20 tons per person , per year .
Europeans emit about half that , and most sub-Saharan Africans come in at a ton or less .
Let ’s say the US was able to cut its emissions by three quarters , and Europeans cut theirs in half .
While we ’re at it , let ’s have a massive redistribution of wealth and technology , which enables everyone on earth to converge at an emissions level of 5 tons per person , per year — about the level of Mexico today .
Even in this fantastically rosy scenario , with a population of 9 billion and per capita emissions of 5 tons per person , global carbon dioxide emissions would rise to 45 billion tons of CO2 per year — a 50 % increase over our current , ruinous level .
In our equitable world scenario , the difference between a world population of 8 billion and one of 11 billion would be about 15 billion tons of CO2 per year — half our current emissions and quite possibly the margin between a manageable climate crisis and catastrophe .
In an equitable world , population matters .
In fact , the only scenario in which population does n’t matter ( much ) is one where the current inequitable divide between rich and poor remains fixed for all time .
A means or an end ?
So , yes , I believe that a world population of 8 billion would be better than 11 billion .
But I would not have embarked on this project if I thought that the only way to get to 8 billion was by coercing poor women to have fewer children .
In fact , as I ’ve said , the best means to slow population growth — universal access to family planning and other reproductive health services , educating girls and empowering women , and promoting sustainable , equitable development–are all vitally important ends in and of themselves .
You rightly decry the abuses committed in the name of population control .
Half a century ago , general panic about the “ population bomb ” helped launch the international family planning movement .
That movement brought contraception to millions in the developing world , where family planning usage rates grew from less than 10 % in the early 1960s to more than 60 % today .
But it also committed horrible abuses , notably in India and China ( where abuses persist today ) .
That , in turn , sparked a revolution in reproductive health , as pioneering feminists essentially took over the family planning movement from within .
( Michelle Goldberg tells their story beautifully in The Means of Reproduction . )
Also , in the 1990s , demographers made a game - changing realization : you do n’t need to control anyone to slow population growth .
Survey data showed that most women in the developing world were having more children than they said they want .
So , simply addressing this “ unmet need ” – by providing reproductive health services that enable women to realize their own fertility goals – would decrease birthrates by as much , or more , than was called for in most countries ’ demographic targets .
This shift in thinking enabled feminists and “ populationists ” to make common cause at the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development , in Cairo .
You characterize this alliance as a marriage of convenience aimed at defeating the Vatican .
But there ’s a more important piece of the story : feminists and populationists joined forces because their interests were aligned .
If the best way to slow population growth is by ensuring reproductive rights and empowering women , then this is a win - win for both groups .
Populationists did n’t just learn “ to hide their views behind feminist vocabulary , ” as you assert , many ( though admittedly not all ) truly came to realize that the feminists ’ goals were central to their own .
And you fail to appreciate the significance of the Cairo conference , which brought together thousands of women from North and South , and launched a new , rights - based approach to population issues .
Academic feminists like Betsy Hartmann sat on the sidelines and criticized the Cairo agreement for not being radical enough , but activist feminists from all over the world embraced it as a groundbreaking affirmation of women ’s rights .
The Cairo agenda has not been fully implemented ; patriarchy may prove even hardier than capitalism .
But it brought real changes in the way family planning programs are run .
It is now widely accepted that those programs should be designed to meet the reproductive health needs of their clients , full stop .
No more demographic targets .
No more rewards for providers who get the most “ contraceptive acceptors . ”
We have a long way to go to make Cairo a reality , and we must always remain vigilant against coercion of any kind , but Cairo produced a seismic shift in the population / family planning movement .
Still , an important question remains : Can family planning programs adhere to Cairo principles if their funding comes from donors who are concerned about population growth ?
Is it essential that rights - based family planning programs be seen as an end in themselves , or can they also be seen as the means to an end — of slowing population growth ?
These are legitimate questions that have sparked lively debate in our field .
And there are divergent answers to these questions , even among card - carrying feminists .
Some , especially academic feminists like Hartmann , say no .
For them , ideological purity is essential ; any hint of instrumentality will fatally compromise delivery of reproductive health services .
For others , including many of the women who have devoted their lives to delivering reproductive health care to women in the developing world , who deal on a daily basis with staggering need and woefully inadequate resources — the answer is yes .
Those women have worked to increase the resources available for reproductive health–which sometimes means forming alliances with people who are concerned about population growth , national security , the environment and other issues — and they have fought like hell to make those programs as responsive to their clients ’ needs as they can be .
You can probably tell which side I ’m on .
But there is a potential middle ground .
Frances Kissling , the founder of Catholics for Choice , seeks to resolve this conflict in a terrific chapter in my book , called “ Reconciling Differences . ”
She concludes , and I agree , that we must make room for both approaches :
“ I would suggest that for one set of organizations , whose central goal is achieving women ’s sexual and reproductive health and rights , there is no reason to include environmentalism or population stabilization advocacy in their agenda .
In fact , there are good reasons to avoid these issues .
The social transformation needed for women ’s reproductive rights to be fully accepted as fundamental human rights is in process , but it is not complete .
Some groups must continue to work singlemindedly for that transformation in culture and politics by insisting that women ’s rights are an end in themselves and not a means to a better life for children , men and society at large … .
“ At the same time , there is no need for [ sexual and reproductive health and rights ( SRHR ) ] groups to attempt to prohibit all organizations from making links between population , environment , development and reproductive health or to offer blanket public criticism of such efforts as unethical or unfounded .
We have become extremely sensitive to the efforts of the right to ignore or subvert evidence and science in service of ideology .
We would fall prey to the same dishonesty were we to insist that these links cannot be explored .
And to claim that they do not exist at all would be intellectually dishonest . ”
Population justice — it ’s not just about family planning
Population justice was inspired by the reproductive justice movement , which asks us to examine the inequities of race and class that limit reproductive choice .
For example , the legal right to an abortion means little to a woman who ca n’t afford one .
Similarly , the population justice framework looks at the inequities — both economic and gender — that constrain people ’s decisions about childbearing and drive rapid population growth .
Several posters have noted the connection between capitalism and population growth .
The capitalist growth imperative underlies pronatalist policies that seek to ensure an ever - expanding supply of workers and consumers .
At the same time , rapid population growth is a byproduct of the inequity produced by our current economic system .
High fertility correlates perfectly with poverty ; the poorest families in the poorest countries have the highest fertility rates .
Poverty is a cause of high fertility — where child mortality rates are high and social safety nets are nonexistent , people will have many children to ensure that some survive and to help support parents in their old age .
But the reverse is also true — high fertility can exacerbate poverty .
More children can mean less food , education and healthcare to go around , perpetuating a cycle of poverty .
The best way to break the cycle is to address poverty with equitable development that reduces the need for large families and to make sure that people have the services and information they need to make their own decisions about childbearing .
Gender inequality is also a powerful driver of high fertility .
In many parts of the world , girls and women have no alternative to early marriage and frequent childbearing .
What does reproductive choice mean to an 11 year - old girl who is married against her will , whose sexual initiation is indistinguishable from rape , and who begins childbearing before her pelvis is fully formed , at great risk to her life and health ?
Of course , the core problem is patriarchy , but while we ’re working to overturn that , two interventions have been shown to make a dramatic difference in the lives of girls and women : education and reproductive health .
Girls ’ education subverts patriarchy by increasing the economic value of women ’s work outside the home .
Reproductive health saves women ’s lives : Universal access to family planning and reproductive health services would reduce 70 % of maternal deaths worldwide , and nearly half of newborn deaths .
And , by enabling women to plan and space childbearing , reproductive health services improve women ’s health , educational status and economic well - being .
Asoka Bandarage is correct that women ’s rights ca n’t be reduced to reproductive rights , but reproductive rights are a cornerstone of self - determination .
Just try exercising your “ rights ” without being able to control whether you are pregnant .
So , yes , the Population Justice Project calls for universal access to high quality family planning and reproductive health services .
But we it ’s not just about family planning ; we also advocate for girls ’ education and women ’s empowerment , and for sustainable and equitable development .
Why Third World Women ?
You ask why my work emphasizes the fertility of the poorest women in the world .
“ Should n’t Mazur ’s group emphasize population reduction in rich countries , ” you ask , “ where each avoided birth will have a greater effect than dozens in the global South ? ”
First , I do not advocate “ population reduction ” anywhere in the world .
Barring some catastrophic increase in mortality , world population wo n’t be reduced anytime soon .
Instead I advocate slowing population growth by making sure that all people — North and South–have the means and the power to make their own decisions about childbearing .
This ideal has yet to be fully realized anywhere in the world , but it remains most elusive for poor women in the global South .
That ’s why I focus on their needs .
Of course , dealing with emissions in the affluent countries is job number one if we are to address climate change .
But if the goal is to reduce emissions in the US , say , reducing fertility is not the low - hanging fruit .
Our fertility rate is already at 2.1 — replacement level .
That ’s why the conversation about slowing population growth in the US turns very quickly to an ugly attack on immigration .
The fundamental problem is that the US , with just 5 % of the world ’s population , devours 25 % of its resources .
Closing the border and targeting immigrants wo n’t change that .
Do n’t give this issue to the Right
Here ’s my final point .
The population issue is n’t going away .
It keeps coming up because we are staring into the abyss and because political efforts to avert disaster are floundering .
It keeps coming up because some people are drawn to simplistic answers to complex problems .
And it keeps coming up because there is a connection between population growth and environmental devastation , and because slowing population growth is one of many , many things we must do to save ourselves .
Lately , it ’s coming up a lot .
Jonathon Porritt , the British environmental advisor , set off a firestorm last year when he said it was “ irresponsible ” for British couples to have more than two children .
In The World Without Us , environmental journalist Alan Weissman calls for a global “ one child per human mother policy . ”
These and many others would take us straight back to “ population control . ”
At the other end of the spectrum , people like you and Betsy Hartmann have declared population growth an untouchable issue .
But here ’s the problem : if there is no left / progressive voice on this issue , environmentalists and others who are legitimately concerned about population growth will be driven into the arms of the neo-Malthusians .
I propose a third option .
Let ’s have a real conversation about population growth that embraces the insights of Marxists , feminists , environmentalists and demographers .
Let ’s explore the issue with nuance and honesty .
And let ’s try to parlay the new interest in human numbers into renewed commitment to the Cairo agenda — and to reproductive rights , health and justice for all .
=+ + + + + + + + + +
++
BAD SCIENCE AND DANGEROUS POLICIES
A Reply to Laurie Mazur
by Ian Angus
Thank you for your reply .
Open and frank debate can only strengthen the fight for progressive change .
As you say , we have many areas of agreement .
In particular , we both believe that women everywhere should have the right to choose if , when and how often to have children , without any form of coercion .
We agree that to ensure the right to choose , high quality health services should be universally available .
But we disagree profoundly about your efforts to link that objective to a campaign for slower population growth .
Your website makes your approach clear : “ By making sure that all people are able to make real choices about childbearing , we can slow population growth and reduce human impact on the environment . ”
In my opinion , connecting those issues undermines both women ’s rights and the fight against climate change .
That connection would only be appropriate if :
“ Too many people ” is a valid explanation for ecological problems in general and climate change in particular ;
and ,
and , Linking reproductive health to population / environment issues does n’t undermine women ’s rights .
This article first addresses those two questionable assumptions , then considers your argument that progressives must support slower population growth in order to prevent the right from monopolizing the issue .
Is overpopulation the problem ?
I have indeed read your book , and as I did so , I was struck by the contrast between the lobbyists and partisans who assert confidently that population growth is an urgent issue , and the actual scientists , who are far more cautious .
For example , Joel Cohen , head of the Laboratory of Populations at the Rockefeller University and Columbia University , poses a dozen questions , all related to the nature of our social order , that must be addressed by anyone who tries to “ quantify human carrying capacity or a sustainable human population size . ”
He concludes :
“ Because no estimates of human carrying capacity have explicitly addressed the questions raised above , taking into account the diversity of views about their answers in different societies and cultures , no scientific estimates of sustainable human population size can be said to exist . ” ( p. 34 . emphasis added )
If that ’s the case , then there is no science behind calls for “ optimum population ” or even “ slower growth . ”
Before we deal with numbers , we must resolve a host of social and economic questions , in theory and in practice .
Brian O’Neill , who also has an article in your book , is one of the very few climate scientists who has actually studied correlations between population size and greenhouse gas emissions .
He concludes that “ slowing population growth could make a contribution to solving the climate - change problem , ” but he carefully qualifies even that limited conclusion .
Some examples :
“ while population size is a driver of greenhouse gas emissions , it is not necessarily the most important driver .
Increases in GDP also were found to have a roughly proportional effect on emissions , and technology effects were equally important . ” ( p. 84 ) “ slower population growth alone is no guarantee of lower emissions ; other factors , notably energy use , can easily outweigh the positive impact of slower growth . ” ( p. 86 ) “ In general , lower population growth is associated with — but cannot guarantee — lower emissions . ” ( p. 90 )
What ’s more , he concludes that slower population growth will have little effect on emissions until the second half of the century .
It ’s hard to see that as a justification for putting population at the top of an activist agenda today .
As you write in your Introduction , “ we have less than a decade left to head off catastrophic climate change . ”
The weakness of O’Neill ’s conclusions is particularly noteworthy because his computer modeling approach “ employs a neoclassical economic growth model , the PET ( population - environment - technology ) model , of the type that is commonly used in the energy and emissions scenario field . ” ( p. 87 )
Translation : his models assume that capitalist economic growth will continue unabated and they assume that population growth is a driver of that growth .
They exclude any possibility of significant social and economic change .
Since his economic assumptions embody the very populationist ideas he ’s supposed to be testing , the only surprising thing about his conclusions is that they are so weak .
One day , when we have broad agreement on the answers to all of Joel Cohen ’s questions , and when we have eliminated the gross waste , destruction and inequities of capitalism , we may be able to measure the earth ’s carrying capacity scientifically .
If so , humanity may then decide to consciously limit its numbers .
Since the birth rate is already below replacement levels in much of the world , that probably wo n’t be a difficult task .
But today , science provides no support for a populationist program .
Allying with the population establishment
You write that at the International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo in 1994 , “ feminists and populationists joined forces because their interests were aligned .
If the best way to slow population growth is by ensuring reproductive rights and empowering women , then this is a win - win for both groups . ”
You charge that “ academic feminists like Betsy Hartmann … sat on the sidelines criticized the Cairo agreement for not being radical enough , ” while “ activist feminists from all over the world embraced it as a groundbreaking affirmation of women ’s rights . ”
In addition to being a cheap shot – Betsy Hartmann ’s credentials as a feminist activist need no defense – that ’s also a gross oversimplification of the debate .
Far from being a conflict between activists and ultraleft abstentionists , it is a debate over whether allying with the population establishment helps or harms the movement for women ’s right to choose .
That question was central to my previous article , but instead of replying , you attack a straw woman : “ Some , especially academic feminists like Hartmann , say no .
For them , ideological purity is essential ; any hint of instrumentality will fatally compromise delivery of reproductive health services . ”
But the debate has never been about “ ideological purity ” – it ’s about practical results and coercion .
The population establishment is n’t a neutral force : it has a specific political agenda , and when it provides funds , it wants to see results .
As Amara Perez writes in her contribution to the evocatively - title book The Revolution Will Not Be Funded :
“ The reality is foundations are ultimately interested in the packaging and production of success stories , measurable outcomes , and the use of infrastructure and capacity - building systems .
As non-profit organizations that rely on foundation money , we must embrace and engage in the organizing market .
This resembles a business model in that the consumers are foundations to which organizations offer to sell their political work for a grant . …
Over time , funding trends actually come to influence our work , priorities , and direction as we struggle to remain competitive and funded in the movement market . ” ( pp. 92-3 )
This is not an abstract issue .
Family planning programs that raise government and foundation money by promising to reduce the birth rate will face demands for measurable results – and those that want to keep their grants will find themselves pressured to shift from offering reproductive choices to pressuring women to make the “ right ” choices .
As I pointed out in my previous reply to you , experience with family planning in Third World countries shows that programs motivated by a desire to cut population tend to use coercive measures , regardless of the desires of their supporters .
I cited James Oldham ’s study of Reproductive Health / Family Planning ( RH / FP ) programs in Africa and Latin America , which concludes :
“ When NGOs arrive with predetermined agendas , the danger is that these will be imposed on local communities .
As long as a Malthusian narrative is part of the program vision , such a narrative is likely to be communicated to , and potentially imposed upon , target communities .
…
“ Organizations promoting the funding and provision of RH / FP services in the global south should refrain from using environmental and population arguments to promote their goals .
The distortions of Malthusian arguments cannot be justified simply because they are effective in winning partners or funding ; they need to be replaced with rights - based arguments in favor of making RH / FP available to all women . ”
( Rethinking the Link : A Critical Review of Population - Environment Programs . pp. 3 , 5 )
In your own book , Susana Chavez Alvarado and Jacqueline Nolley Echegaray describe how a supposedly voluntary program to slow population growth in Peru in the late 1990s led to the involuntary sterilization of hundreds of thousands of indigenous women .
Like Oldham , they conclude that the first lesson of that experience is that “ human rights abuses are likely where reproductive health services are seen as a means to an end , rather than as an end in themselves . ” ( p. 298 . )
I repeat what I wrote previously :
That ’s an important lesson for anyone who considers promoting family planning as a way to reduce population and greenhouse gas emissions .
Leaving population to the right ?
You conclude with an appeal : “ Do n’t give this issue to the right . ”
“ people like you and Betsy Hartmann have declared population growth an untouchable issue .
But here ’s the problem : if there is no left / progressive voice on this issue , environmentalists and others who are legitimately concerned about population growth will be driven into the arms of the neo-Malthusians . ”
But the real danger is that liberal environmentalists and feminists will strengthen the right by lending credibility to reactionary arguments .
When you adopt the argument that population growth causes global warming , you endorse the strongest argument the right has against the social and economic changes that are really needed to stop climate change and environmental destruction .
What ’s more , no matter how sincere you may be , promoting birth control as a means of slowing climate change opens the door to the very coercive measures you oppose .
If we only have a decade to stop climate change , should n’t we be reducing population drastically right now ?
How can we justify voluntary programs that wo n’t be effective for decades ?
The “ do n’t give this issue to the right ” argument is a slippery slope .
Simon Butler and I recently wrote an article for the Australian newspaper Green Left Weekly , opposing proposals by some environmentalists to limit immigration .
A reader responded that our opposition to restrictions on immigration “ isolates the left from the majority , and leaves the door wide open for right - wing organizations to tap into their discontent . ”
If “ do n’t leave it to the right ” were a valid argument , then neither you nor we would have an effective response to that .
But since we do n’t think that progressives should try to win support by using right wing arguments , we replied : “ Immigration is only one of many issues on which socialists are a minority in Australia today .
We deal with this not by abandoning our principles , but by working hard to win the majority to our side . ”
The same response applies to your “ do n’t leave it to the right ” argument .
If environmentalists and others believe that population growth is causing climate change , then our responsibility is to show them why that ’s wrong , not to adapt to their errors .
( My thanks to Simon Butler for his advice and comments on this article . )
Based on documents gathered using the Access to Information Act and from human rights investigations and first - hand interviews , this report discloses how Canada , the United States , and France undermined the overthrow of Haiti`s elected government .
Discussing the current state of Haiti ―the poorest country in the western hemisphere ―topics cover the many deaths , unimaginable suffering , and continued impoverishment of the descendants of the world`s only successful slave rebellion .
February 11 , 2010
IT HAS been suggested that Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's decision to restore $ 305 million to California State universities ' 2010 - 2011 budget is a response to months of militant action on the campuses and the continued growth of the student movement .
The fact that our tactics are working has , inevitably , caught the attention of the police .
At San Francisco State University ( SFSU ) , the cops have already attempted to infiltrate , harass and threaten organizers .
Our response must be to expose them .
On February 4 , SFSU police showed up at the home of an activist at the behest of Academic Senate Chair Shawn Whalen .
Whalen targeted this particular activist after she warned the Associated Students Inc. ( ASI ) that if they did not listen to the students , " militant action " would be inevitable .
After the meeting , Whalen invited her to speak privately , hoping to better " understand " student concerns .
He used this to tip off the police , describing her as " more reasonable " and possibly helpful in identifying the so - called " troublemakers . "
To his disappointment , he was wrong .
After failing to reach her on February 4 , SFSU police Inspector Ronald Lam returned the following the morning .
Hearing from her roommates that the police were looking for her , she was prepared and recorded the entire conversation .
Inspector Lam arrived in plainclothes at an address this activist had not given out .
Mr. Lam proceeded to intimidate her by disclosing a disturbing amount of her personal information .
She was then approached to inform on the " violent " militant types .
After she refused to cooperate , Lam played " good cop , " asking to " appeal to [ her ] conscience . "
" If something bad were to happen and you knew about it , " he asked , " would n't you be guilty ? "
Stripped of its soft wording , the content is a threat .
Translated : " If something illegal / violent happens , and we find out you knew about it , we can come after you too . "
This is harassment and intimidation , and SFSU President Robert Corrigan shares responsibility .
He is the one who brought the cops into the movement , unleashing their violence on December student occupation .
Now , he 's sending police to break up , infiltrate and divide the movement to defend public education -- exposing his two - faced claim to support student activism .
The violent breakup of the activist fundraiser by the SFPD must be seen as a coordinated attempt to dismantle our movement .
Activists today should get familiar with the lessons of COINTELPRO and the rule of thumb : never talk to the police .
As our movement grows , the other side will attempt to discredit , divert and divide us .
But ultimately , our strength is in our numbers , our trust and the relationships we activists build with each other .
We must continue building our militancy , resolve and broad support for the March 4 Day of Action and afterwards .
Call Shawn Whalen at 415-338-1097 or [ email protected ] and Inspector Ron Lam at 415-338-6103 and demand that they back off of the movement .
Overview
Cooper Spur is the snow and ice covered back stretching down from the summit of Mt. Hood towards the north - east .
The actual Cooper Spur is a huge moraine to the south - east of Elliot Glacier .
Starting just above " Cloud Cap Inn " continous to it's highest point , the " Tie in Rock " at about 8500 ' elevation .
Permanent snow and ice coverage starts at about 9000 feet past the Tie in Rock .
The snow slopes are starting with a mellow pitch , soon becomming very steep and the pitch will increase permanently , count on a 50 degree slope towards the peak .
In the summer month as early as June / July and until the snow flies again , the upper part of the route is snow - free past 10,500 ' .
During the summer past that elevation the route changes into something between loose rock and sand and gravel until you reach the summit .
The upper parts of the Cooper Spur , the ones without snow in the summer , are also called out as the Chimneys in most topo maps .
Getting There - Trailhead
BY CAR
Take Highway 35 from Hood River and follow it until the turn off to Cooper Spur Skiarea , aproximately 23 miles past the town .
Drive an other 2 1/2 miles to the Cooper Spur Skiarea ( signs ) , and from there take forest service road 3512 towards Cloud Cap Inn / Tilly Jane and the trailhead ( about 6000 ft elevation ) .
This road can get rough sometimes over it 's entire length of 9 miles .
Trailhead is either the Cloud Cap Campground or the Tilly Jane Guard Station .
Campground , Outhouse , Water ; Shelter at Tilly Jane .
TRAILHEADS
You can choose between Tilly Jane Campground and Cloud Cap Campground .
The forest road forks 1 mile before you reach either one of them .
Tilly Jane provides a nice primitive shelter to stay overnight , and it is situated in a beautiful setting just along a running creek .
Cloud Cap is the busy place where all the day hikers park .
If you are late in the day it 's hard to find a parking spot , but the big advantage is that you are already 200 feet higher in elevation .
Approach & Route Description
From Tilly
Jane follow the signs to the Cooper Spur Route , the trail will merge with the Timberline Trail 600 and the trail from Cloud Cap just below the " Shelter " .
From Cloud Cap follow the Timberline Trail 600 clockwise until the trail merges with the trail coming from Tilly Jane just below the Shelter .
An alternative trail / approach is to get to the crest of the N - E moraine of Eliot Glacier by following the TL Trail 600 to the west for a couple of feet and keep right on the fork ( new trail , sign ) .
Climb through loose sand to the top of the moraine and follow the climber 's trail until you reach the " Tie in Rock "
From the intersection of TL Trail 600 and the Cooper Spur Trail just below the " Shelter " follow the Cooper Spur Trail all the time .
It will wind up the mountain and continue till the snow starts past Tie in Rock .
There are many short cuts and variants , and it really does n't matter which one you choose , they all come together at the " Tie in Rock " .
From there it is obvious where the route is heading .
Follow it until it reaches the summit .
Difficulties
Do not underestimate the route from it 's initial visual appearance .
The most dangerous part are the loose rock and sand portions in the Chimneys , and the EXTREME rock fall on the permanent snow fields below the Chimney 's during the day when the temperatures are rising .
Though it is not a technical route , I would not recommend this one for beginners .
Snow , ice and rock scramble with up to 50° slopes in the upper part through the Chimneys and below the summit .
The Cooper Spur Route below the summit of Mt. Hood is notoriously dangerous , having caused the deaths of at least 13 climbers .
This route also has to claim several ski descents in spring and early summer when the snow coverage is continous from the summit through the chimneys all the way down to the Tie in Rock .
Climbing Mount Hood from the north means - climbing on loose rock and in loose gravel and sand !?
Essential Gear
Helmet , ice axe and crampons , eventually a rope .
Many groups rope up because a fall near the top can be lethal .
Climbing Season and Climbing Time
Spring and early summer , depending on snow conditions .
The route is exposed to the sun all day in the summer month and the descent in soft and slippery snow in the afternoon can become difficult .
Summer climbs are possible too , but someone has to deal with lots of loose stuff .
More like a gravel pit , just steeper and more exposed - the less snow coverage you have the more you have to deal with the loose rock , sand and gravel .
The climbing time will vary on route and weather conditions and might take between 6 and 9 hours .
Red Tape
Northwest forest pass is required for parking the car at Cloud Cap or Tilly Jane , or a daily parking permit available at the self - issuing station at the trail head ( I think $ 5.00 ) .
In addition fill out a Wilderness Permit at the self - register at the trailhead ( no fee ) .
You are entering the Mount Hood Wilderness , please respect the Wilderness rules .
The Hood River Ranger Station , located along HWY 35 in Mount Hood is selling Nortwest Forest Passes ( annual fee ) .
Additions and CorrectionsPost an Addition or Correction
This week I ’ve taken a bit of a break on the coding .
I instead decided to spend a few days coming up with a more impressive demo .
Please bare in mind I ’m no pro CG artist , just a now and then amateur , so imagine what could be achieved by the pros in a very short space of time .
It ’s not showing off 100 % of the current feature set , some of which I think still needs rewriting and finishing off .
But , hopefully it ’ll be enough to change the mind of at least some of the WebGL naysayers , encourage more rapid development and make 2010 the year of 3D on the web .
Annoyingly it is n’t working on firefox ( at least not my GFX card ) there seems to be a bug where you can only map 4 textures to a shader 🙁
Hopefully , they ’ll get that fixed soon .
In the mean time I ’ve tested it on chrome and it runs at an okay frame rate , although I do think it ’s time to get some optimization in there .
UPDATE : Great news , looks like it ’s working in firefox now .
UPDATE 2: It seems to depend on your graphics card so does n’t work for all in firefox ATM .
If it ’s not working for you could you post GFX card and browser and I ’ll attempt to track down the issues ASAP .
UPDATE 3 : I think it may be fixed on the mac , but without one to test it on it ’s hard to tell .
crossing fingers and toes !
Play the demo live
The Video : ( Still trying to figure out how to capture well in linux )
Tags : demo , glgle , webgl
A common exercise in number theory is to find the last digits of a large power , like 22009 , without using a computer .
22009 is a 605 - digit number , so evaluating it by hand is out of the question .
So how do you find its last digits — efficiently ?
Modular arithmetic , and in particular , modular exponentiation , comes to the rescue .
It provides an efficient way to find the last m digits of a power , by hand , with perhaps only a little help from a pocket calculator .
All you need to do is compute the power incrementally , modulo 10m .
In this article , I will discuss three methods — all based on modular exponentiation and the laws of exponents — for finding the ending digits of a positive power of two .
The techniques I use are easily adapted to powers of any number .
1. Ad Hoc Exponentiation
In this method , you reduce a power of two modulo 10 m repeatedly until you get a congruent power , or product of powers , for which the end digits are known — or easily computed .
You use your knowledge of smaller powers of two , in conjunction with the power of a power and product of powers rules , to set up easier sub problems to solve .
You start by dividing the exponent of 2n by the exponent of a known , smaller power of two , 2a , getting a quotient q and a remainder r.
You then rewrite 2n as ( 2a ) q · 2r .
Finding the Last Digit
I ’ve categorized two sub methods of the ad hoc method that make it more systematic when dealing specifically with powers of two .
I call them the powers of two method and the powers of six method .
Powers of Two Method
In the powers of two method , you reduce a power of two by using a power of two ending in 2 .
This reduces the problem at each stage to a smaller power of two , giving the method a recursive feel .
The intermediate powers of two are in effect nested .
For example , let ’s find the last digit of 22009 , using 25 ( 32 ) to reduce the problem at each step :
So , showing that 22009 ends in 2 .
The intermediate results — 2405 , 281 , 217 , and 25 — are all congruent , ending in 2 .
If you recognize this along the way , you can stop .
For example , if you happen to know that 217 is 131,072 , you can stop after the third step .
Any power of two ending in 2 works .
Here ’s how the process goes when using 29 ( 512 ) :
Using 29 , there is one less step , but the arithmetic is slightly harder ( division by 9 instead of division by 5 ) .
Powers of Six Method
In the powers of six method , you reduce a power of two using a power of two that ends in 6 .
This introduces powers of six , which have to be handled separately and combined with the “ remainder ” powers of two .
For example , let ’s do our example with 24 = 16 .
The first step would give :
But wait !
All powers of six end in 6 ( 6 times 6 mod 10 is 6 , and around it goes … ) , so we just turned this into a very simple problem : .
So , while it does n’t have the elegance of the powers of two method , the powers of six method is simpler .
Finding the Last Two Digits
The powers of six method does not apply to mod 100 , but the powers of two method does — indirectly .
Although there is no power of two that ends in 02 , we can use any two - digit ending that is a power of two ; we just convert it to 2y using the laws of exponents .
Let ’s go back to our example , 22009 .
Consulting a table of positive powers of two , find a power of two that ends in 04 ; for example , 222 ( 4,194,304 ) .
Let ’s use this to reduce our problem at each step :
Finding the Last m Digits
For the last m digits , find an m - digit power of two ( m digits including leading zeros ) greater than or equal to 2 m and convert it to 2y as above .
Of course , the remainders will become larger and larger as the modulus increases .
2. Successive Squaring
The method of successive squaring , also called repeated squaring or binary exponentiation , is a very systematic way to do modular exponentiation .
It ’s a generic four step process applicable to any base and modulus , but here ’s how to use it to compute 2n mod 10 m specifically :
Rewrite 2n so that n is a sum of powers of two ( essentially , convert n to binary ) .
Rewrite 2n using the product of powers rule .
Create a list of powers 22 i mod 10 m , by repeatedly squaring the prior result .
Combine , with multiplication mod 10 m , the powers in the list that make up 2n .
This process is independent of the number of ending digits m , although you have to deal with bigger and bigger numbers as m increases .
Example : Find the Last Digit of 22009
Let ’s use this method to find the last digit of 22009 :
22009 = 21024 + 512 + 256 + 128 + 64 + 16 + 8 + 1 22009 = 21024 · 2512 · 2256 · 2128 · 264 · 216 · 28 · 21 Create a list of powers of two raised to powers of two , mod 10 :
( I wrote out the whole list for completeness , but it was unnecessary to go beyond 24 .
Again , that ’s because all powers of six end in 6 . )
Combine the required powers :
Example : Find the Last Two Digits of 22009
Let ’s use this method to find the last two digits of 22009 :
22009 = 21024 + 512 + 256 + 128 + 64 + 16 + 8 + 1 22009 = 21024 · 2512 · 2256 · 2128 · 264 · 216 · 28 · 21 Create a list of powers of two raised to powers of two , mod 100 :
( Notice that the powers in this list cycle after a point , so it is not necessary to compute them all . )
Combine the required powers :
( I could have used negative numbers in the intermediate steps to make the math easier ; for example , - 4 instead of 96 .
Both are congruent mod 100 . )
3. Cyclic Powers
In this method , you exploit the fact that the ending m digits of the positive powers of two repeat in cycles ; specifically , cycles of length 4·5 m - 1 , starting at 2 m .
Powers of two that differ in their exponents by 4·5 m - 1 have the same ending m digits .
There are two ways to use the cycle information , in techniques I call the table method and the base power method .
Table Method
In the table method , you compute the powers of two mod 10 m in sequence , until the ending digits cycle .
You label entries sequentially starting at m , wrapping around 0 to end at m – 1 .
I ’ve created tables for the last one , two , and three ending digits ; in other words , tables for powers of two mod 10 , mod 100 , and mod 1000 .
To find where in the cycle your power 2n falls , compute n mod 4·5 m - 1 , or equivalently , find the remainder of n /( 4·5 m - 1 ) .
The last m digits of 2n are the digits in the table with the label corresponding to that remainder .
For example , let ’s find the last digit of 22009 .
The last digit of the positive powers of two cycles with length 4 , and .
According to the table , a remainder of 1 corresponds to a last digit of 2 .
Almost as simply , we can find the last two digits of 22009 .
The last two digits of the positive powers of two cycle with length 20 , and .
According to the table , a remainder of 9 corresponds to the ending digits 12 .
Finding the Last m Digits
The table method works for any number of ending digits , but beyond two or three , is impractical .
The tables grow large , by a factor of five for each additional ending digit .
Base Power Method
Every power of two 2n , mod 10 m , is congruent to some power of two in the first instance of the cycle ; that is , a power of two between 2 m and 2 ( m + 4·5 m – 1 – 1 ) .
You need to determine which power of two in this range it is — what I call the base power of two — and then use another method to find its ending digits .
You can find the base power of two directly : it is 2 m + j , where j is an offset given by the expression n-m ( mod 4·5 m - 1 ) .
For example , let ’s find the last digit of 22009 . , so the base power of two is 21+0 = 21 = 2 .
Trivially , we can see the ending digit is 2 .
For the last two digits of 22009 , compute .
The base power of two is 22+7 = 29 , which is small enough to compute directly : 512 .
The last two digits are 12 .
Finding the Last m Digits
The base power method works well for any number of ending digits , assuming n is greater than 4·5 m - 1 .
Cheating
I said find the last digits without using a computer , right ?
I wanted to verify my work , so I used PARI / GP to compute 22009 .
It took an instant — here it is :
58,784,291,598,041,831,640,721,059,900,297,317,581,942,666,346,941,194,264,455,308,125,479,232,583,289,360,069,460,965,699,405,121,019,824,433,389,516,158,094,000,492,490,796,188,432,969,007,685,435,732,643,092,034,554,442,399,887,360,352,654,923,898,902,974,171,610,618,912,504,957,328,187,117,386,950,842,341,026,317,332,718,773,233,103,358,237,779,148,190,179,650,358,079,135,564,562,516,081,648,810,332,848,214,481,400,042,754,868,418,296,221,651,998,157,278,605,568,219,649,390,953,792,425,227,268,163,704,976,021,381,769,156,258,409,778,685,642,966,081,035,151,287,502,869,585,844,829,824,788,935,390,157,871,063,324,138,385,197,912,084,049,961,962,094,914,858,370,754,777,898,867,719,950,514,578,646,749,211,908,564,621,201,347,904,089,822,990,746,021,295,498,658,798,312,326,238,643,788,303,040,512
Summary
The three methods I ’ve shown are efficient ways to do modular exponentiation , unlike the straightforward method , which requires n- 1 multiplications to compute 2n mod 10 m .
The three methods provide shortcuts to the answer , exploiting knowledge of the laws of exponents and the cycling of ending digits .
Which method should you use ?
The ad hoc method is the least systematic but allows for case - by - case optimization .
The method of successive squaring is the most systematic but may be overkill for certain problems .
Learn all three methods to get a deeper understanding , then decide which one you like .
For finding the last digit , I like the ad hoc powers of six method .
It is the quickest .
Exercises
For these exercises , use any method you like — or all three if you ’re feeling ambitious :
Find the last digit of 2497
Find the last digit of 220000 Find the last two digits of 2613 Find the last two digits of 2512 Find the last three digits of 2129 Find the last three digits of 22009
Answers
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Louis Gossett Jr. recently learned he has prostate cancer , but it is in an early stage , the actor said Tuesday .
" I count this diagnosis among the many challenges I have faced in my life and overcome , " Gossett said in a statement .
" I expect this to be no different . "
The Oscar- , Emmy - and Golden Globe - winning actor said he was going public with his illness " to set an example for the large number of African - American men who are victims of this disease because of the comparatively low emphasis in our community on preventive examinations and early treatment . "
" I want to influence them to seek , as I have , the fine medical care and early detection now available , " he said .
Blog : Lou Gossett Jr. : A class act
Gossett , 74 , has begun an intensive treatment program , he said .
He won a best supporting actor Oscar and a Golden Globe in 1983 for his role as a drill sergeant in " An Officer and a Gentleman . "
His professional acting career began when he was just 16 , playing the lead in the Broadway production " Take A Giant Step . "
Gossett 's portrayal of Fiddler in the ABC miniseries " Roots " won him an Emmy award in 1977 .
Is science fiction doomed on television ?
Hell no !
Here are 18 TV series in the pipeline that could recharge your love of the fantastical , including alien invasions , dinosaurs , superheroes , time travel , super - spies , government conspiracies , zombies and changelings .
Minor spoilers ahead .
Advertisement
There 's no doubt things are tough .
Most SF / fantasy shows are in danger of cancellation this time around .
And in the wake of several high - profile failures , networks are n't giving science fiction / fantasy shows much of a chance any more .
V had its first batch of episodes shortened to just four episodes , with a string of hiatuses and changes of showrunner behind the scenes — even though it turned out to be a hit .
NBC preemptively slashed Day One from a series to a miniseries to a TV movie , and Fox did the same with Virtuality .
It seems a fair bet that Fringe will be back on Fox , V will probably return on ABC , CW will still have Supernatural , Vampire Diaries and probably Smallville , and NBC will have Chuck .
On cable , there are still True Blood , assorted Syfy shows , Batman : B&B and Clone Wars , plus Futurama is coming back .
Beyond that , what is there to look forward to ?
Advertisement
Here are ten shows in the pipeline that we think could bring science fiction and fantasy back to their place of preeminence on your TV set .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Steven Spielberg 's untitled alien invasion series , starring Noah Wylie .
We can't wait until this show gets a title that 's less of a mouthful .
Besides Wylie , this also features Moon Bloodgood , of Journeyman and Terminator Salvation fame .
TNT has already greenlit 10 episodes up front .
Aliens have already wiped out most of the human race , and they 're rounding up the survivors .
But Wylie , a college professor , rallies a group of survivors to fight back , including his two sons , and Karen ( Jessy Schram ) , one of the group 's " motorcycle scouts . "
No Ordinary Family Michael Chiklis ( The Shield ) stars in this ABC drama about a family discovering that it has superpowers .
And it sounds like Chiklis ' wife on the show ( who 's not cast yet ) is some kind of mad scientist .
The show just cast Autumn Reeser ( Entourage ) as the wife 's lab assistant .
David Semel , who directed the pilot for Heroes , is directing this one .
Advertisement
La Femme Nikita .
The CW just announced that Maggie Q is in line to take on the role played by Anne Parrilaud in the original Luc Besson film , Bridget Fonda in the U.S. remake , and Peta Wilson in the 1997 cable TV series .
In the new series , the CIA trains a new Nikita to replace the original , who has gone rogue .
Creator Craig Silverstein says he wrote the new Nikita as " beautiful and exotic , " and he wants to use the Asian actress to bust stereotypes ( despite that " exotic " thing . )
The Hollywood Reporter notes that Q's casting would be " the highest - profile series role for an Asian actress on a broadcast drama series . "
Advertisement
Betwixt Another CW series , this one is based on the novel by Tara Bray Smith about three Portland , OR teenagers :
During a surreal , drug - filled summer , the three must come to terms with an incredible revelation : they 're all supernatural entities known as changelings .
The futures of artistic Ondine Mason , troubled Alaskan runaway Nix Saint - Michael and beautiful , ambitious Morgan D'Amici become irrevocably intertwined during a secret rave in the woods around Mt. Hood .
They think they 've come to a party , but a terrifying arcane ritual called the Ring of Fire reveals their true natures as well as their critical roles in a looming and potentially deadly other - worldy conflict .
Advertisement
I love the fact that they go to a rave and discover their supernatural destinies .
The TV pilot , just greenlit , is being written by Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants ' Elizabeth Chandler .
So , you know , guilty pleasure .
Advertisement
Tower Prep and / or Unnatural History .
I figure at least one of these two live - action shows on the Cartoon Network will turn out to have science fiction / fantasy elements .
Tower Prep is about a rebellious teen who wakes up to find himself trapped at a mysterious boarding school that 's full of arcane secrets , and he has to figure out the school 's mysteries and escape .
Paul Dini is producing , plus it sounds like a teen The Prisoner , so it should be pretty awesome .
Unnatural History is about a teen , the son of anthropologists , who moves to Washington , D.C. and explores weird mysteries at the Museum of Natural History .
Advertisement
Riverworld .
This Syfy miniseries filmed ages ago — we interviewed star Tahmoh Penikett about it last summer — but Syfy just announced an airdate for the first episode : Sunday April 18 .
Syfy is hoping the miniseries will spawn a new ongoing series , not unlike Penikett 's last Syfy series , Battlestar Galactica .
Sure ,
Syfy already made a stab at doing a Riverworld adapatation a few years ago , but this time Robert Hewitt Wolfe ( Star Trek : Deep Space Nine and Andromeda ) is writing .
Also co-starring in the miniseries : Laura Vandervoort ( Smallville , V ) .
If this is even remotely as great as Philip Jose Farmer 's books , then we hope it does become a series .
Advertisement
Undercovers .
J.J. Abrams is creating another new TV series , this time about two married spies .
Is it science fiction ?
We do n't know .
Given his track record of inserting science fiction elements into most of his shows , including the spy - focused Alias and even the soap - opera Felicity , we 're betting it 'll be at least somewhat in the " spy - fi " genre .
Undercovers is a comedy about a husband - and - wife spy duo , Steven ( Boris Kodjoe ) and Samantha ( Gugu Mbatha - Raw ) , who are recalled out of retirement by the CIA , and rekindle their relationship as they investigate different cases every week .
Carter MacIntyre just joined this show 's cast , as a CIA agent with a drinking problem , who goes missing on assignment .
( There are also a few other new spy / conspiracy shows coming on this fall , including NBC's The Event , which is about the biggest government cover - up in U.S. history , involving a " secret facility in Alaska . " and Ridley Scott 's Nomads , for the CW . )
Advertisement
Terra Nova .
Another Spielberg show , this time for Fox .
It 's about a family from 100 years in the future , who travel back in time 150 million years to the time of the dinosaurs .
Spielberg may actually direct some of it , and reports suggest that the special effects will be so expensive and awesome , the show may get greenlit as a series right away , to avoid the expense of filming a pilot , shutting down , and then starting up for the regular series .
Dinosaurs !
Dude !
And as we reported the other day , Spielberg is also reviving his old TV series pitch , Nine Lives , about people who have near - death experiences to reconnect with their dead loved ones .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Being Human ( U.S. remake ) .
For those of you who 've been living under a rock , this is a remake of the intense British drama about a vampire , a werewolf and a ghost sharing a house .
Syfy's Craig Engler tweeted about this remake a lot yesterday , saying that work is progressing , and he expects to see a script " soon - ish . "
Various twitter followers asked the same question we 've all been asking — why remake the show instead of just showing the British version ?
Engler replied , " 1 . We do n't have the rights 2 . The Brit version would only get a modest rating on us 3 .
The creator wants to do an American version . "
In any case , if original creator Toby Whithouse really does stay involved , we 're all for more Being Human on our screens .
Advertisement
Torchwood ( the U.S. remake ) .
Another American revamp of a British show , another original creator in the mix — since Russell T. Davies moved to Los Angeles , this is reportedly going to be one of his pet projects .
We 'd been assuming that this is a remake , starting over from scratch , but the Guardian seems to believe that Davies might just pick up the story where it left off at the end of " Children Of Earth , " the five - hour miniseries that aired last year .
With the Hub destroyed in Cardiff , there 's no reason for alien - fighting organization Torchwood to be tied to that location any more .
So maybe Captain Jack ( and his new boyfriend Alonso ) will just come back to Earth and travel the globe fighting monsters ?
Will
Fox actually let RTD make this show the way he wants to ?
We can't wait to find out .
The Cape .
Another superhero show — this NBC show involves a cop who 's accused of a crime he did n't commit , who turns himself into a superhero to prove his innocence .
Simon West , who directed the Human Target pilot , is on board to direct this one .
According to the Hollywood Reporter , this show will have a " comic book sensibility . "
No info yet on who 's starring .
Advertisement
The Walking Dead .
Frank Darabont writes , directs and produces this adaptation of Robert Kirkman 's masterful zombie apocalypse comic , in which policeman Rick Grimes leads a group of survivors in search of a new home .
Gale Ann Hurd ( Terminator ) is also producing .
In the TV version , Grimes is seriously injured in a police incident in south Georgia , going into a coma .
When he awakes , he finds that shit has gotten real while he was out .
He goes in search of his family , only to find his neighborhood trashed .
He finds two survivors , who tell him the government was setting up a " safety zone " in Atlanta .
So he heads there alone , to try and find his family .
Advertisement
A Game Of Thrones .
HBO 's adaptation of George R.R. Martin 's acclaimed novel series .
HBO has already greenlit a pilot , starring Sean Bean and Jennifer Ehle , and hopes to do seven seasons — one for each novel in the series .
Producer D.B.
Weiss says it wo n't be a huge , splashy series with thousands of orcs stampeding across the screen .
Instead , it 'll stay true to the books , and most of the battles will take place offstage .
Advertisement
Gates .
This ABC series involves a big -city cop ( Frank Grillo ) who becomes the chief of police in a " sleepy planned community " and discovers there is more to the residents than meets the eye .
Luke Mably plays a cardiologist who 's secretly a " vampire - like creature . "
Haven .
Another book adaptation , this Syfy series is based on the Stephen King novella about a spooky town in ( where else ? )
Maine , where " cursed folk " live normal lives in exile .
The curses start coming back , so FBI agent Audrey Parker is brought in to help rein them in again , while untangling the mysteries of Haven .
The production team all worked on The Dead Zone , so this spooky King territory is second nature for them .
Advertisement
Star Wars : The Live - Action Series .
Who knows when we 'll actually see this ?
Plus , of course , George Lucas ' previous attempts at doing live - action Star Wars TV actually made The Phantom Menace look like Citizen Kane .
Still , we can't help being excited by the idea of this show — maybe it 's the fact that it 's supposed to be more noir , focussing on the underbelly of bounty hunters and smugglers after the rise of the Empire .
Any show that features a big role for Boba Fett can't be all bad .
Not to mention , we hope Lucas finds a way to include Jedi - gone - rogue Quinlan Vos .
Plus there are all those whispers that Lucas was recruiting some of Britain 's best drama writers to pitch in .
So let 's hope it happens .
Advertisement
Plus there are also those rumbles that Joss Whedon is having lunch with the folks at FX , and possibly pitching them a show .
( And possibly that missing " O " in the network 's name will make a huge difference . )
And Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman just signed a development deal with Fox , meaning there 'll be shows coming down the pike from them .
So do n't give up yet !
Television has n't abandoned you .
Thanks to Nightsurf for suggesting a few we 'd missed originally .
Joss Whedon Launching A New Show On FX ?
Could Joss
Whedon have finally come to his senses and realized that cable TV will give him the… Read more
unintentionally
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
more
greater
On Friday , Jerusalem presented UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon with its initial rebuttal of Judge Richard Goldstone ’s bill of particulars on the way Israel fought in Gaza between December 27 , 2008 , and January 18 , 2009 .
A more comprehensive , point - by - point refutation is in the works .
“ Gaza Operation Investigations : An Update ” acknowledges that Israeli shellshit the UNRWA compound in Gaza City ’s Tel al - Hawa neighborhood while gunning for Hamas forces positioned alongside the facility .
The update revealed that the IDF had disciplined a brigadier - general and a colonel for exceeding their authority , because they employed white phosphorus shells in a comparatively confined area where civilians could be jeopardized .
In fact , three innocent people were wounded .
Compiled by the Foreign Ministry , the update also debunks a number of scurrilous war crimes charges leveled by Goldstone , saying : • Israel did not purposefully bomb wells in Jabalya to deprive the people there of fresh drinking water .
In fact , the wells were situated within a Hamas compound . •
Israel did not deliberately attack the wastewater treatment plant in Gaza City .
But there is a good chance the plant was damaged by Hamas to hamper the movement of IDF soldiers . •
Israel did not blow up the Bader flour factory to create a bread shortage in Gaza .
But the site was a strategic high point in a Hamas - fortified zone .
It was not the IDF that set the plant ablaze . •
The destroyed Abu Askar family house was used to store Grad rockets .
The family was telephoned and urged to leave before the house was shelled .
These are just some of the findings in the Foreign Ministry report , which says that the army has investigated or is currently investigating more than 150 separate incidents – not easy considering that the forensic scene is in enemy hands .
So far , 36 files have been referred to the Military Advocate - General Corps for criminal investigation .
We do not assert that our army made no tragic mistakes ; what we do emphatically reiterate – based on Israel ’s initial submission to the UN – is that no army engaged on multiple fronts against irregular forces , embedded among a supportive enemy population , isethical or takescare to avoid harming innocents than the IDF .
THE Goldstone Report was born in bias and matured into a full - fledged miscarriage of justice .
So the inclination of mainstream Israelis is to dismiss its author as man who , perhaps not unwittingly , allowed his Jewish ancestry to serve as a cloak for a UN body predisposed to besmirch Israel .
Israelis further resent the report ’s dammed - if - you - do - dammed - if - you - do n’t stipulation for an Israeli commission to examine IDF behavior during the Gaza war :
If Israel refuses , Goldstone threatens further “ lawfare ” at the International Court of Justice in The Hague ; if Israel does establish an inquiry commission it might imply Goldstone ’s complaints have validity .
One option being weighed is to impanel a judicial review board that would examine how well the army has done in policing itself .
Alternatively , the government could establish a formal investigative body .
Or , lastly , a commission of inquiry could be established headed perhaps by former Supreme Court president Aharon Barak .
We worry that the latter two approaches could undermine army morale and inhibit split - second tactical decision - making necessary to protect Israel ’s home front and citizen army .
Our preference is that the Foreign Ministry ’s forthcoming comprehensive rebuttal serve as Israel ’s official – “ case closed ” – response to the Goldstone Report .
If Goldstone ’s parameters for fighting terrorism are affirmed by the civilized world , other democracies would also be severely constrained in defending themselves against terrorist organizations specializing in anti-civilian warfare .
Quarantining enemy territory ; imprisoning captured terrorists ; using sophisticated weapons against a less well - armed terror infrastructure ; and bringing non-lethal pressure to bear on non-military targets to hasten the end of a conflict would all be considered “ war crimes .
” As is Goldstone provides Hamas and Hizbullah with a legal alibi to fight from behind civilian populations .
WHILE Israel has been forced to justify what should be its inalienableright to stop Hamas from hurling thousands of flying bombs into itsterritory and traumatizing its civilian population , no UN - body hascalled to investigate the Palestinian leadership for culpability in themurders of 1,184 Israelis and the wounding of 8,000 others sinceSeptember 2000 .
Strange that .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
I ’m all for holding elections .
But the US right wing misunderstands elections as equalling democracy , which they do not .
In fact , what we have seen since George W. Bush began backing neoconservative talking points is that elections in the Middle East have most often been subverted by authoritarianism and have contributed to social divisiveness .
The holding of elections in Iraq gave rise to a spate of articles on how may George W. Bush really did change the Middle East and maybe Iraq is turning out all right after all .
These arguments derive not from analysis but from a desire to bolster the Republican Party and its ideology ( which combines militarism abroad with Marie Antoinette - style lack of empathy with the woes of the common person domestically . )
The demand Sunday by Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki and President Jalal Talabani of Iraq that a recount of ballots in the March 7 parliamentary election be conducted points to a different possible conclusion .
That is that pressure from Washington , combined with the ambitions of local elites , and the increasing ability of Middle Eastern publics to mobilize and express their discontents , have produced not democratization but a move to what Marina Ottaway calls semi-authoritarian regimes in the Middle East .
In fact , the most marked movement from authoritarianism to multiparty democracy in the past decade in the region , that of Pakistan , took place through popular mobilization and long - established political parties in the teeth of heavy support by Washington ( i.e. Dick Cheney ) for military dictator Pervez Musharraf .
Ottaway argues that during the Cold War , the opposition between authoritarian regimes and democratic ones was more stark and that hybrid forms falling in neither camp were rare .
“ Semi- Authoritarian regimes ” have political parties and NGOs , hold elections , and look on paper as though they at least have some democratic attributes .
But behind the scenes the power elite makes sure it remains in power and reduces the ‘ democratic ’ activities to a shadow play for the benefit of a restless domestic public and for that of international bureaucrats .
We have seen a string of farcical or stolen elections in the Middle East in the past decade , which have been used by often Washington - backed regional elites to reinforce their power rather than to allow the peaceful succession of one government by another .
Not only are the prime minister and president of Iraq strongly implying massive ballot fraud in Iraq ( an allegation that al - Maliki admits could spark a return to ethnic violence ) , but recent elections in the region have more often been seen as fraudulent than as fair .
Afghanistan ’s presidential election of August , 2009 , was repeatedly denounced as having been marred by electoral fraud to the benefit of incumbent Hamid Karzai .
Karzai remained in power , but at the cost of losing legitimacy in the eyes of some Afghans , especially Tajik supporters of his rival , Abdullah Abdullah .
The US response has been to back Karzai unreservedly and to attempt to bestow on him hundreds of thousands of new troops and police so that he can exercise stronger control in the country .
Iran ’s presidential election of June , 2009 , provoked massive demonstrations in summer of that year on the part of those who believed that incumbent president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had stolen it , leading to the establishment of the dissident Green Movement around presidential challengers Mir Hosain Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi .
In the aftermath , the regime became more authoritarian and the military and security forces came to wield more power than before .
The January 2006 election in the Palestine Authority produced a Hamas - led government , much to the dismay of Israel and the US .
Those two worked to undermine the Hamas government and ultimately backed a successful coup against it in the West Bank , but failed to dislodge the elected government from Gaza .
President Mahmoud Abbas is now acting extra-judically and extra-constitutionally , since further elections have not been held and there has been no judgment rendered by any competent legal authority as to the legitimacy of his government vis-a - vis that of Hamas .
In Egypt , President Hosni Mubarak reacted to pressure from then secretary of state Condi Rice to open up the presidential elections by allowing his main rival to leave prison and run .
After Mubarak trounced him , he was sent back to jail .
And , some 88 Muslim Brothers ( a group the US abhors ) gained seats in the lower house of parliament .
Some thought that for the Mubarak regime to allow the Muslim Brotherhood to do so well was itself a warning to Washington .
It said that pressure for democratization will backfire and lead to Muslim Brotherhood regimes .
Even Israel elected its most rightwing government ever in February , 2009 , and persons that might formerly have been shunned because of their extreme political views , such as Avigdor Lieberman , were allowed to serve in the government .
Lieberman wants to administer loyalty tests to Palestinian - Israelis and would very much like to strip the latter of their Israeli citizenship and expel all 1.5 million of them from the country .
For a man of Lieberman ’s views to become Israeli foreign minister is a step toward semi-authoritarianism in that country .
Likewise , the Israeli state has been cracking down on peace groups such as B’tselem and other NGOs , with methods more familiar in Egypt or Syria than in the freewheeling Israel of earlier decades .
So some authoritarian regimes are moving to put up democratic facades and so becoming semi-authoritarian .
And the few regimes that seemed earlier to make a place for more democratic governance –Israel , post - 2001 Afghanistan , Iran , Palestine , post - 2003 Iraq– seem to be moving toward semi-authoritarianism and slipping back from democracy .
Ironically , the most genuine steps toward democratization have taken place in Turkey and in Pakistan .
But Bush and the neoconservatives had backed the Turkish and Pakistani militaries , so this heroic story of the little people attaining their rights was never celebrated by the US mass media .
Democracies are unpredictable and hard to control ( as Bush found out when US allies like France and Turkey declined to line up behind the invasion of Iraq ) , and so Turkey and Pakistan are disturbing the world status quo .
That is the real reason for which some Obama administration officials have talked about Pakistan as the most dangerous country in the world .
They did not speak that way when Gen. Pervez Musharraf was in control of the country .
You have to wonder how committed most Washington elites really are to democratization , and have to wonder whether semi-authoritarianism in Middle Eastern allies might not be perceived as holding benefits for the US .
End / ( Not Continued )
Sculpture de Bioshock à la tronçonneuse
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Code embed
Un homme armé d'une tronçonneuse sculpte dans du bois et en taille réelle le personnage de jeu - vidéo Bioshock
bioshock bois sculpture tronconneuse
On Tue , 19 Jan 2010 00:09:16 +0100 ( CET ) Vincent Torri < vtorri@ ...> said : > > >
On Tue , 19 Jan 2010 , Carsten Haitzler ( The Rasterman ) wrote : > > > hey guys ... just thought i'd pipe up .
> > > > there 's been talk of eina 1.0.0 - cool .
i'm expanding this .
i'm talking of > > > > 1.0.0 alpha ( lets make it alpha so we get all the issues ironed out ) for : > > > > eina > > evas > > ecore > > embryo > > edje > > efreet > > e_dbus > > elementary > > > > ( eet is already 1.2.3 ) . > > > > so ... this means .. if u have pending work - get it in asap .
get it in and > > hammer it into shape .
if there are any api / abi breaks - get them in now .
i'm > > dotting a whole bunch of i's and crossing a tonne of t's myself right now .
> > > > if there are patches pending - bring attention to them .
if there are bugs - > > speak up . > >
Actually , there is a big problem in ecore_x .
It 's because of xcb : > >
1 ) there are xcb functions that are not implemented with xlib >
2 ) we can't build ecore_x with xlib * and* xcb .
For now , it 's an exclusive > * or ' i'm fine with that .
xcb is still experimental .
>
About bugs , well , there are a lot of numerous opened tickets and the > Release Plan lists some items to do .
yeah - tho most of this is for e17 ( wm ) .
-- -------------
Codito , ergo sum - " I code , therefore I am " --------------
The Rasterman ( Carsten Haitzler ) raster@ ...
Last week the graffiti artist Sigi von Koeding died because of cancer .
In 1986 the swiss started to spray under the moniker " DARE " and has marked his name - in lots of typographic variations - on walls from Europe to the rest of the world .
In 1990 he achieved to be the first swiss sprayer who started freelancing .
The brand " Belton Molotow " honored him with a very own spray can called " dare orange " .
We want to honor him one last time .
Rest in peace
For more information please visit his website http://www.dare.ch/
Sigi von Koeding 1868-2010
1468 : Johannes Gutenberg dies in Mainz , Germany .
His name lives on .
Gutenberg made one contribution to technology in particular and to civilization in general , but it was a doozy .
The printing press made the mass production of printed material possible and revolutionized human communication .
Gutenberg was born in Mainz sometime between 1394 and 1400 – his actual birth date is uncertain .
A goldsmith by trade , he borrowed money from local businessmen to develop a printing press that used movable , replaceable letters made from cast metal .
Although movable type existed in China as early as the 11th century , Gutenberg 's printing press began a chain of events that altered the social and scientific history of Europe .
His press was inspired by the screw - type wine presses then common in the fertile Rhine Valley .
He essentially mechanized the craft of woodblock printing , a painstaking , time - consuming process .
His technology continued evolving over the centuries , and with these refinements Gutenberg 's invention has remained the cornerstone of printing to this day .
Gutenberg began using his printing press in the 1450s to produce what has come down to us as the Gutenberg Bible , a beautifully executed , two - volume folio that would have taken a talented monk months , if not years , to complete by hand .
Copies of this bible sold for 30 florins , an enormous sum of money at the time .
Only 180 copies were printed , and 48 known copies still exist , in whole or part .
The Library of Congress has one and the British Library two .
A 1987 auction of a Gutenberg Bible brought $ 4.9 million ( more than $ 9 million in today 's green ) .
And that was for a Volume 1 alone .
Source : About.com , Gutenberg.de
Photo : The Library of Congress in Washington , D.C , holds this Gutenberg Bible .
An earlier version of this article appeared on Wired.com Feb. 3 , 2007 .
See Also :
ghci.bat
: main test
: main -- test
.ghci
: set -w - fwarn- unused - binds -fwarn-unused - imports
: load Main
let cmdTest _ = return " : main test "
: def test cmdTest
: test
: main test
ghci
: test
: set - fno-warn - overlapping - patterns -w - fwarn-unused - binds -fwarn-unused -imports
: set - isrc ; .
: load Main
let cmdTest _ = return " : main -- test "
: def test cmdTest
let cmdHpc _ = return $ unlines [ " :! ghc -- make -isrc - i. src/Main.hs -w - fhpc - odir .hpc - hidir .hpc - threaded - o .hpc/hlint-test " , " :!del hlint - test.tix " , " :!.hpc\\hlint - test -- help " , " :!.hpc\\hlint - test -- test " , " :!. hpc\\hlint - test src --report=.hpc\\hlint-test-report.html +RTS - N3 " , " :!.hpc\\hlint - test data --report=.hpc\\hlint-test-report.html +RTS - N3 " , " :!hpc.exe markup hlint - test.tix -- destdir=.hpc " , " :!hpc.exe report hlint - test.tix " , " :!del hlint - test.tix " , " :! start .hpc\\hpc_index_fun.html " ]
: def hpc cmdHpc
: test
: hpc
I have a consistent interface for all my projects .
Typing : def at the GHCi prompt says which definitions are in scope , and thus which commands exist for this project .
at the GHCi prompt says which definitions are in scope , and thus which commands exist for this project .
I 've eliminated the Windows specific . bat files .
The .ghci file mechanism is quite powerful - I 've yet to explore it fully , but could imagine much more complex commands .
I develop a reasonable number of different Haskell projects , and tend to switch between them regularly .
I often come back to a project after a number of months and can't remember the basics - how to load it up , how to test it .
Until yesterday , my technique was to add afile to load the project , and invoke the tests with eitheror .
For some projects I also had commands to run hpc , or perform profiling .
Using .ghci files , I can do much better .
All my projects are now gainingfiles in the root directory .
For example , the CmdArgs project has :
The first line sets some additional warnings .
I usually develop my projects in GHCi with lots of useful warnings turned on .
I could include these warnings in the .cabal file , but I 'd rather have them when developing , and not display them when other people are installing .
The second line loads the Main.hs file , which for CmdArgs is the where I 've put the main tests .
The last two lines define a commandwhich when invoked just runs , which is how I run the test for CmdArgs .
To load GHCi with this configuration file I simply change to the directory , and type .
It automatically loads the right files , and provides acommand to run the test suite .
I 've also converted the HLint project to use a .ghci file .
This time the .ghci file is slightly different , but the way I load / test my project is identical :
The first section turns on / off the appropriate warnings , then sets the include path and loads the main module .
The second section defines a command named , which runs the tests .
The final section defines a command namedwhich runs hpc and pops up a web browser with the result .
Unfortunately GHC requires definitions entered in a .ghci file to be on one line , so the formatting is n't ideal , but it 's just a list of commands to run at the shell .
Using a .ghci file for all my projects has a number of advantages :
For a slight improvement on this technique see this post
To mark International Women 's Day 2010 , Links International Journal of Socilalist Renewal reproduces Alexandra Kollontai 's classic history and explanation of this important anniversary .
Thanks to the Marxist Internet Archive ( MIA ) for making this and other writings by Kollontai available .
Notes by MIA .
* * *
By Alexandra Kollontai
Mezhdunarodnyi den ' rabotnitz , Moscow 1920 -- Women 's Day or Working Women 's Day is a day of international solidarity , and a day for reviewing the strength and organisation of proletarian women .
But this is not a special day for women alone .
The 8th of March is a historic and memorable day for the workers and peasants , for all the Russian workers and for the workers of the whole world .
In 1917 , on this day , the great February revolution broke out .
[ 2 ]
It was the working women of Petersburg who began this revolution ; it was they who first decided to raise the banner of opposition to the tsar and his associates .
And so , working women 's day is a double celebration for us .
But if this is a general holiday for all the proletariat , why do we call it " Women 's Day " ?
Why then do we hold special celebrations and meetings aimed above all at the women workers and the peasant women ?
Does n't this jeopardise the unity and solidarity of the working class ?
To answer these questions , we have to look back and see how Women 's Day came about and for what purpose it was organised .
How and why was Women 's Day organised ?
Not very long ago , in fact about ten years ago , the question of women 's equality , and the question of whether women could take part in government alongside men was being hotly debated .
The working class in all capitalist countries struggled for the rights of working women : the bourgeoisie did not want to accept these rights .
It was not in the interest of the bourgeoisie to strengthen the vote of the working class in parliament ; and in every country they hindered the passing of laws that gave the right to working women .
Socialists in North America insisted upon their demands for the vote with particular persistence .
On the 28th of February , 1909 , the women socialists of the USA organised huge demonstrations and meetings all over the country demanding political rights for working women .
This was the first " Woman 's Day " .
The initiative on organising a woman 's day thus belongs to the working women of America .
In 1910 , at the Second International Conference of Working Women , Clara Zetkin [ 3 ] brought forward the question of organising an International Working Women 's Day .
The conference decided that every year , in every country , they should celebrate on the same day a " Women 's Day " under the slogan " The vote for women will unite our strength in the struggle for socialism " .
During these years , the question of making parliament more democratic , i.e. , of widening the franchise and extending the vote to women , was a vital issue .
Even before the first world war , the workers had the right to vote in all bourgeois countries except Russia . [ 4 ]
Only women , along with the insane , remained without these rights .
Yet , at the same time , the harsh reality of capitalism demanded the participation of women in the country 's economy .
Every year there was an increase in the number of women who had to work in the factories and workshops , or as servants and charwomen .
Women worked alongside men and the wealth of the country was created by their hands .
But women remained without the vote .
But in the last years before the war the rise in prices forced even the most peaceful housewife to take an interest in questions of politics and to protest loudly against the bourgeoisie 's economy of plunder .
" Housewives uprisings " became increasingly frequent , flaring up at different times in Austria , England , France and Germany .
The working women understood that it was n't enough to break up the stalls at the market or threaten the odd merchant : they understood that such action does n't bring down the cost of living .
You have to change the politics of the government .
And to achieve this , the working class has to see that the franchise is widened .
It was decided to have a Woman 's Day in every country as a form of struggle in getting working women to vote .
This day was to be a day of international solidarity in the fight for common objectives and a day for reviewing the organised strength of working women under the banner of socialism .
The first International Women's Day
The decision taken at the Second International Congress of Socialist Women was not left on paper .
It was decided to hold the first International Women 's Day on the 19th of March , 1911 .
This date was not chosen at random .
Our German comrades picked the day because of its historic importance for the German proletariat .
On the 19th of March in the year of 1848 revolution , the Prussian king recognised for the first time the strength of the armed people and gave way before the threat of a proletarian uprising .
Among the many promises he made , which he later failed to keep , was the introduction of votes for women .
After January 11 , efforts were made in Germany and Austria to prepare for Women 's Day .
They made known the plans for a demonstration both by word of mouth and in the press .
During the week before Women 's Day two journals appeared : The Vote for Women in Germany and Women 's Day in Austria .
The various articles devoted to Women 's Day – " Women and Parliament " , " The Working Women and Municipal Affairs " , " What Has the Housewife got to do with Politics ? " , etc. – analysed thoroughly the question of the equality of women in the government and in society .
All the articles emphasised the same point : that it was absolutely necessary to make parliament more democratic by extending the franchise to women .
The first International Women 's Day took place in 1911 .
Its success exceeded all expectations .
Germany and Austria on Working Women 's Day was one seething , trembling sea of women .
Meetings were organised everywhere – in the small towns and even in the villages halls were packed so full that they had to ask male workers to give up their places for the women .
This was certainly the first show of militancy by the working woman .
Men stayed at home with their children for a change , and their wives , the captive housewives , went to meetings .
During the largest street demonstrations , in which 30,000 were taking part , the police decided to remove the demonstrators ' banners : the women workers made a stand .
In the scuffle that followed , bloodshed was averted only with the help of the socialist deputies in parliament .
In 1913 International Women 's Day was transferred to the 8th of March .
This day has remained the working women 's day of militancy .
Is Women 's Day necessary ?
Women 's Day in [ North ] America and Europe had amazing results .
It 's true that not a single bourgeois parliament thought of making concessions to the workers or of responding to the women 's demands .
For at that time , the bourgeoisie was not threatened by a socialist revolution .
But Women 's Day did achieve something .
It turned out above all to be an excellent method of agitation among the less political of our proletarian sisters .
They could not help but turn their attention to the meetings , demonstrations , posters , pamphlets and newspapers that were devoted to Women 's Day .
Even the politically backward working woman thought to herself : " This is our day , the festival for working women " , and she hurried to the meetings and demonstrations .
After each Working Women 's Day , more women joined the socialist parties and the trade unions grew .
Organisations improved and political consciousness developed .
Women 's Day served yet another function ; it strengthened the international solidarity of the workers .
The parties in different countries usually exchange speakers for this occasion : German comrades go to England , English comrades go to Holland , etc .
The international cohesion of the working class has become strong and firm and this means that the fighting strength of the proletariat as a whole has grown .
These are the results of working women 's day of militancy .
The day of working women 's militancy helps increase the consciousness and organisation of proletarian women .
And this means that its contribution is essential to the success of those fighting for a better future for the working class .
Working Women 's Day in Russia
The Russian working woman first took part in " Working Women 's Day " in 1913 .
This was a time of reaction when tsarism held the workers and peasants in its vice - like a grip .
There could be no thought of celebrating " Working Women 's Day " by open demonstrations .
But the organised working women were able to mark their international day .
Both the legal newspapers of the working class – the Bolshevik Pravda and the Menshevik Looch – carried articles about the International Women 's Day : [ 5 ] they carried special articles , portraits of some of those taking part in the working women 's movement and greetings from comrades such as August Bebel and Clara Zetkin . [ 6 ]
In those bleak years meetings were forbidden .
But in Petrograd , at the Kalashaikovsky Exchange , those women workers who belonged to the [ Bolshevik ]
Party organised a public forum on " The Woman Question " .
Entrance was five kopecks .
This was an illegal meeting but the hall was absolutely packed .
Members of the party spoke .
But this animated " closed " meeting had hardly finished when the police , alarmed at such proceedings , intervened and arrested many of the speakers .
It was of great significance for the workers of the world that the women of Russia , who lived under tsarist repression , should join in and somehow manage to acknowledge with actions International Women 's Day .
This was a welcome sign that Russia was waking up and the tsarist prisons and gallows were powerless to kill the workers ' spirit of struggle and protest .
In 1914 , Working Women 's Day in Russia was better organised .
Both the workers ' newspapers concerned themselves with the celebration .
Our comrades put a lot of effort into the preparation of Working Women 's Day .
Because of police intervention , they did n't manage to organise a demonstration .
Those involved in the planning found themselves in the tsarist prisons , and many were later sent to the cold north .
For the slogan " for the working women 's vote " had naturally become in Russia an open call for the overthrow of tsarist autocracy .
Working Women 's
Day during the imperialist war
The first world war broke out .
The working class in every country was covered with the blood of war . [ 7 ]
In 1915 and 1916 Working Women 's Day abroad was a feeble affair – left - wing socialist women who shared the views of the Russian Bolshevik Party tried to turn March 8th into a demonstration of working women against the war .
But those socialist party traitors in Germany and other countries would not allow the socialist women to organise gatherings ; and the socialist women were refused passports to go to neutral countries where the working women wanted to hold international meetings and show that in spite of the desire of the bourgeoisie , the spirit of international solidarity lived on .
In 1915 , it was only in Norway that they managed to organise an international demonstration on Women 's Day ; representatives from Russia and neutral countries attended .
There could be no thought of organising a Women 's Day in Russia , for here the power of tsarism and the military machine was unbridled .
Then came the great , great year of 1917 .
Hunger , cold and trials of war broke the patience of the women workers and the peasant women of Russia .
In 1917 , on the 8th of March ( 23rd of February ) , on Working Women 's Day , they came out boldly in the streets of Petrograd .
The women – some were workers , some were wives of soldiers – demanded " Bread for our children " and " The return of our husbands from the trenches " .
At this decisive time the protests of the working women posed such a threat that even the tsarist security forces did not dare take the usual measures against the rebels but looked on in confusion at the stormy sea of the people 's anger .
The 1917 Working Women 's Day has become memorable in history .
On this day the Russian women raised the torch of proletarian revolution and set the world on fire .
The February Revolution marks its beginning from this day .
" Working Women 's Day " was first organised ten years ago in the campaign for the political equality of women and the struggle for socialism .
This aim has been achieved by the working - class women in Russia .
In the soviet republic the working women and peasants do n't need to fight for the franchise and for civil rights .
They have already won these rights .
The Russian workers and the peasant women are equal citizens – in their hands is a powerful weapon to make the struggle for a better life easier – the right to vote , to take part in the soviets and in all collective organisations . [ 8 ]
But rights alone are not enough .
We have to learn to make use of them .
The right to vote is a weapon which we have to learn to master for our own benefit , and for the good of the workers ' republic .
In the two years of soviet power , life itself has not been absolutely changed .
We are only in the process of struggling for communism and we are surrounded by the world we have inherited from the dark and repressive past .
The shackles of the family , of housework , of prostitution still weigh heavily on the working woman .
Working women and peasant women can only rid themselves of this situation and achieve equality in life itself , and not just in law , if they put all their energies into making Russia a truly communist society .
And to quicken this coming , we have first to put right Russia 's shattered economy .
We must consider the solving of our two most immediate tasks – the creation of a well organised and politically conscious labour force and the re-establishment of transport .
If our army of labour works well we shall soon have steam engines once more ; the railways will begin to function .
This means that the working men and women will get the bread and firewood they desperately need .
Getting transport back to normal will speed up the victory of communism .
And with the victory of communism will come the complete and fundamental equality of women .
This is why the message of " Working Women 's Day " must this year be : " Working women , peasant women , mothers , wives and sisters , all efforts to helping the workers and comrades in overcoming the chaos of the railways and re-establishing transport .
Everyone in the struggle for bread and firewood and raw materials . "
Last year the slogan of the Working Women 's Day was : " All to the victory of the Red Front " . [ 9 ]
Now we call on working women to rally their strength on a new bloodless front – the labour front !
The Red Army defeated the external enemy because it was organised , disciplined and ready for self sacrifice .
With organisation , hard work , self - discipline and self - sacrifice , the workers ' republic will overcome the internal foe – the dislocation ( of ) transport and the economy , hunger , cold and disease .
" Everyone to the victory on the bloodless labour front !
Everyone to this victory ! "
The new tasks of Working Women's Day
The October Revolution gave women equality with men as far as civil rights are concerned .
The women of the Russian proletariat , who were not so long ago the most unfortunate and oppressed , are now in the Soviet Republic able to show with pride to comrades in other countries the path to political equality through the establishment of the dictatorship of the proletariat and soviet power .
The situation is very different in the capitalist countries where women are still overworked and underprivileged .
In these countries the voice of the working woman is weak and lifeless .
It is true that in various countries – in Norway , Australia , Finland and in some of the states of North America – women had won civil rights even before the war . [ 10 ]
In Germany , after the kaiser had been thrown out and a bourgeois republic established , headed by the " compromisers " , [ 11 ] thirty - six women entered parliament – but not a single communist !
In 1919 , in England , a woman was for the first time elected a member of parliament .
But who was she ?
A " lady " .
That means a landowner , an aristocrat . [ 12 ]
In France , too , the question has been coming up lately of extending the franchise to women .
But what use are these rights to working women in the framework of bourgeois parliaments ?
While the power is in the hands of the capitalists and property owners , no political rights will save the working woman from the traditional position of slavery in the home and society .
The French bourgeoisie are ready to throw another sop to the working class , in the face of growing Bolshevik ideas amongst the proletariat : they are prepared to give women the vote . [ 13 ]
Mr Bourgeois sir – it is too late !
After the experience of the Russian October Revolution , it is clear to every working woman in France , in England and in other countries that only the dictatorship of the working class , only the power of the soviets can guarantee complete and absolute equality , the ultimate victory of communism will tear down the century - old chains of repression and lack of rights .
If the task of " International Working Women 's Day " was earlier in the face of the supremacy of the bourgeois parliaments to fight for the right of women to vote , the working class now has a new task : to organise working women around the fighting slogans of the Third International .
Instead of taking part in the working of the bourgeois parliament , listen to the call from Russia – " Working women of all countries !
Organise a united proletarian front in the struggle against those who are plundering the world !
Down with the parliamentarism of the bourgeoisie !
We welcome soviet power !
Away with inequalities suffer by the working men and women !
We will fight with the workers for the triumph of world communism ! "
This call was first heard amidst the trials of a new order , in the battles of civil war it will be heard by and it will strike a chord in the hearts of working women of other countries .
The working woman will listen and believe this call to be right .
Until recently they thought that if they managed to send a few representatives to parliament their lives would be easier and the oppression of capitalism more bearable .
Now they know otherwise .
Only the overthrow of capitalism and the establishment of soviet power will save them from the world of suffering , humiliations and inequality that makes the life of the working woman in the capitalist countries so hard .
The " Working Woman 's Day " turns from a day of struggle for the franchise into an international day of struggle for the full and absolute liberation of women , which means a struggle for the victory of the soviets and for communism !
DOWN WITH THE WORLD OF PROPERTY AND THE POWER OF CAPITAL !
AWAY WITH INEQUALITY , LACK OF RIGHTS AND THE OPPRESSION OF WOMEN – THE LEGACY OF THE BOURGEOIS WORLD !
FORWARD TO THE INTERNATIONAL UNITY OF WORKING WOMEN AND MALE WORKERS IN THE STRUGGLE FOR THE DICTATORSHIP OF THE PROLETARIAT – THE PROLETARIAT OF BOTH SEXES !
2. Tsarist Russia still used the old " Julian " calendar of the Middle Ages , which was 13 days behind the " Gregorian " calendar used in most of the rest of the world .
Thus March 8 was " February 23 " in the old calendar .
This is why the revolution of March 1917 is called " the February Revolution " and that of November 1917 " the October Revolution . "
3. Clara Zetkin was a leader of the German socialist movement and the main leader of the international working women 's movement .
Kollontai was a delegate to the international conference representing the St. Petersburg textile workers .
4 . This is not accurate .
The vast majority of unskilled workers in England , France and Germany could not vote .
A smaller percentage of working - class men in the United States could not vote – in particular immigrant men .
In the south of the US black men were often prevented from voting .
The middle class suffrage movements in all the European countries did not fight to give votes to either working - class women or men .
5 . At its 1903 Congress , the Russian Social Democratic Labor Party divided into two wings , the Bolsheviks ( which means " majority " in Russian ) and the Mensheviks ( which means " minority " ) .
In the period between 1903 and 1912 ( when the division became permanent ) the two wings worked together , unified for a while , split again .
Many socialists , including entire local organisations , worked with both wings or tried to stay neutral in the disputes .
Kollontai , an active socialist and fighter for women 's rights since 1899 , was at first independent of the factions , then became a Menshevik for several years .
She joined the Bolsheviks in 1915 and became the only woman member of their central committee .
She also served as commissar of welfare of the Soviet Republic and head of the women 's section of the Bolshevik Party .
6. August Bebel ( 1840 - 1913 ) was a leader of the German Social - Democratic Party .
He was a well - known supporter of the women 's movement and author of a classic book on Marxism and women Die Frauenfrage , translated into English as Woman Under Socialism , which has been translated into many languages .
7 . When war broke out in 1914 , there was a massive split in the international socialist movement .
The majority of the social democrats in Germany , Austria , France and England supported the war .
Other socialists , such Kollontai , Lenin , the Bolshevik Party and Leon Trotsky in Russia , Clara Zetkin and Rosa Luxemburg in Germany , and Eugene Debs in the United States , to name some of the leaders , denounced the pro-war socialists for being traitors to the working class and to the fight for a workers ' revolution .
8 . The word " soviet " means " council " .
Soviets , or workers ' councils , are democratic bodies in which delegates are elected in factory and neighbourhood meetings and are controlled by their sister and brother workers .
The representatives of the soviets must report back to their constituency and are subject to immediate recall .
9 . After the working - class seizure of power in October / November 1917 , the Russian workers ' state was faced with two major problems .
One was an invasion , including the United States ; the second was resistance by the pro-monarchist and pro-capitalist elements in Russia .
Primarily under the direction of Leon Trotsky , the soviets created a workers ' and peasants ' army , the Red Army , which defeated the forces of counterrevolution .
10 . Women had won the right to vote in several of the states of the United States prior to World War I .
A federal amendment guaranteeing all women over 21 the right to vote was passed on August 26 , 1920 .
It was not until the 1960s that the last legal barriers to working - class people voting in the United States were abolished .
11 . The " compromisers " Kollontai is referring to are the Social Democratic Party leaders who formed a new capitalist government in Germany after the fall of the kaiser in 1918 .
They actively supported counterrevolution after coming to office .
12 . While the aristocratic Lady Astor was indeed the first woman to serve in the British parliament , the first woman elected to parliament was the Irish revolutionary Constance Markievicz .
Together with other members of the Sinn Fein party , she refused to take her seat in the imperial parliament .
13 . French women did not finally get the vote until after World War II .
We already knew that the iPad would be getting a few pieces of software that have n't shown up on its tinier , phone counterpart -- but now that a few screenshots of forthcoming apps for the device have reared their head , we 're getting a clearer picture of just what this thing will feel like .
If these shots of the new Yahoo !
Entertainment , Bento , OmniGraffle , and Brushes are any indication , the iPad will be doing a lot more than just zooming up your Facebook profile .
There 's definitely an emphasis on content creation , file exporting ( if not saving ) , and syncing with desktop versions of some of these apps , and Yahoo ! 's work ( alongside Brushes ' ) shows that we 've only begun to scratch the surface of what interfaces will be like on this device .
We 're sure the next week will be filled with all sorts of these kinds of leaks , but for now you can cherish the moment when you first laid eyes on your new way to check a TV schedule .
A few more shots after the break , and lots more at the sources .
Hi this is Steve here , drop me an Email or leave me a comment if you have any thoughts or questions on guitar playing .
Thanks ,
Steve ,
When two back to back blizzards socked regions in West Virginia with three feet deep snow , two soldiers braved everything to rescue a stranded mother and her four week old premature baby from their home .
On the morning of 10 February , a concerned neighbor called officials of the 201st Field Artillery Battalion based in Fairmont , W.Va to help the mother and child who had been locked inside their home due to the blizzard and were living without power for two days .
Two medical officers , Staff Sgt. Harry F. Accor III and Spc. Derek C. Folk took the rescue call .
When the soldiers reached the location , they found that the snow was 8 feet deep in some places and they had to hike up a ridge almost three miles to reach the home .
It was then that they invented a workable solution to evade the snow by using pine tree branches and cloths line to make snowshoes .
Wearing the sturdy shoes , they reached the home and without wasting anytime , started planning for the walk back to the waiting Humyee .
While the baby was wrapped with blankets and placed inside his rucksack with heated hand warmers by Sgt.
Accor , the woman was placed on a 6 feet by 3 feet sled , known as an emergency medical extraction device which Spc.
Folk pulled down the ridge like a sledge dog .
The two were so intent on the rescue mission that they did not even stop to ask the mother ’s name or the baby ’s gender .
“ We just wanted to get them out of there to safety , ” said Accor .
What made the feat even more commendable was that all the while Folk was sporting three broken bones in his right hand which he had fractured earlier while rescuing another person .
The baby and the mother were soon safely brought down and taken to a relative ’s home .
The snowshoes that both soldiers invented are still intact and are very likely to be used again to help more in distress as Accor said , “ It ’s our job , that ’s what we are here for . ” – Atula , Staff Writer
Related Articles :
SOURCE
[ ad ]
" Alright men .
Listen here and listen good .
This landfill is one mean sumovabitch .
And boy does it stink .
Stinks bad .
So we 're rolling out the heavy artillery : One - hundred stink - killin ' , air - freshenin ' cannons .
I love the smell of deodorant in the morning . "
Advertisement
Alternatively :
Look at your stick of deodorant , now back to this deodorant cannon , now back to your stick , now back to the cannon .
Look down , back up , where are you ?
A landfill in Beijing ( on a horse ) blasting stink to smithereens .
Either way , 100 of these truck - mounted , fresh - scented cannons will soon be aimed at a Beijing landfill .
The dump has been blanketing the area in an unpleasant stench , much to the chagrin of its neighbors , and city officials are responding by calling in the cavalry .
Advertisement
The cannons blast several gallons of sweet - smelling mist every minute at a distance of up to 164 feet .
Chinese officials are yet to announce whether they will opt for " original scent " or " alpine rush " ammunition .
[ Popsci ]
Engagement as Meaningful Change
Gold Star Commenter
Ben posted something really great on Dan 's post about a woman protesting New York state 's marriage laws ( emphasis mine . )
Here 's a question , and I apologize if this is stupid or there 's an obvious reason why this is offensive or something , but what about engagement ?
I 'm envisioning gay and lesbian couples around the country getting engaged and setting the date as " as soon as it's legal . "
I 'm imagining engagement announcements in newspapers and sent to families , increasing visibility .
Kind of like a shovel - ready projects kind of thing .
" We have 15,000 engaged gay and lesbian couples in this state , ready to get married as soon as this bill is passed " or something .
Is this stupid ?
Is this already going on ?
Posted by Ben on February 12 , 2010 at 12:38 PM
I do n't know if this is already going on or not , Ben , but it 's certainly not a stupid idea , and it's a positive way to protest gay marriage laws .
If every couple that wanted to get married did this — got engaged in a very visible manner , and presented it not as an issue of " if " but rather as " when " — I think it would be a powerful statement .
If thousands of couples around the nation did this , it would be a huge step forward .
Ben 's plan ensures that gay marriage foes look less like someone fighting a concept ( " If this happens , they 'll be marrying sheep and wriggling their penises around in sheep feces ! " ) and more like one group denying another human being something ( " We want to get married as soon as you let us .
Why wo n't you let us ?
We clearly love each other . " )
It removes the generalization and makes it a specific matter on a national scale .
And it 's really hard to hate someone specific .
Valentine 's Day is this Sunday .
It 'd be a great time to start planning a wedding .
We get a lot of emails from men lamenting the fact that they feel stuck in neutral , and they ask for advice .
Many of these men have great aspirations , but that ’s all they have .
Aspirations .
Many do n’t have any results to show for all their ambitious goals in life .
Some are on year seven of a four - year degree , and others are stuck in a job that ’s going nowhere .
Maybe you know a man like this .
Heck , maybe you feel like this .
Unfulfilled goals , of course , can lead to frustration , depression , and just a general dampening of your man spirit , which only makes it harder to get unstuck .
When we dig a little deeper into the lives of these “ stuck ” men , a few commonalities appear .
First , there are the excuses .
“ The economy sucks . ” “ I ’m not naturally smart / athletic / gifted . ” “ I do n’t have enough time . ”
You get the idea .
The second thing we often see is that they ’ve just been doing the bare minimum to coast along in life .
A lot of them think “ showing up ” constitutes real effort , and that the chips of their dreams will magically fall into place .
We usually respond to these gents to stop with the excuses and start busting some ass .
Some of these men take the advice to heart and get going .
The others often counter with another excuse and ask for another way that does n’t involve so much work
These guys will never understand a very important truth : the world belongs to hustlers .
Now , I ’m not talking about hustling in the pulling - a - scam - on - the - naive - newbie sense .
( Although it never hurts to have a little Fast Eddie swagger . )
I ’m talking about the work - your - ass - off - while - your - competition - plays - video - games kind of hustling .
Hustling = doing whatever you have to do , for however long as you have to do it , until you reach your goal .
Teddy Roosevelt Hustled and So Should You
“ Things may come to those who wait … but only the things left by those who hustle . ” – Abraham Lincoln
Looking at the men that I admire from history , they all have one thing in common : they were hustlers .
Theodore Roosevelt accomplished an insane amount of work because he lived the strenuous life , i.e. hustled .
Thomas Edison patented thousands of inventions and perfected the light bulb because he spent all day hustling .
Frederick Douglass was an orator , diplomat , newspaper editor , and author because he hustled .
And pretty much every self - made man has the same story .
The interesting thing is a lot of these great men who succeeded through hustling were n’t born with natural talent or abilities .
In fact , they were usually dealt a crummy hand from the beginning of their life .
T.R. had a sickly disposition that weakened him as a child and plagued him the rest of his life .
He had to hustle more than others to gain and maintain his vim and vigor .
Edison was smart , but there were plenty of other men out there who were smarter .
He just worked harder than the naturally smart guys and then hired them to work for him .
And Frederick Douglass was born a slave , lived in a time of extreme racism , and yet still beat the odds because he hustled .
Here ’s the deal .
Most of us are average .
Average intelligence , average athleticism , and average looking .
And most of us have had some setbacks in our life that can serve as a disadvantage .
In short , we ’re pretty much on the same playing field as millions and millions of people .
And yet despite our average minds and builds most of us believe deep down that we are destined for something extraordinary , that we ’re special .
But most men really are n’t .
But not because they ’re average .
Because they wo n’t hustle to get what they want .
A man ’s reasons for not hustling run the gamut from laziness to fear of failure .
I think a lot of time men think , “ I want what that guy has but I just do n’t have his x , y , or z . ”
But while we do n’t have any control over the number of natural talents and gifts we were born with , we do have complete control over how much we can hustle .
You ca n’t control where you were born , how crappy or nice your parents were , or how homely or handsome you are .
But nobody determines how hard you hustle but you .
Wherever you are in life , you can hustle to get where you want to be .
My Personal Experience With Hustling
I can personally vouch for hustle ’s ability to make up for average and even below average innate talent .
Two instances in my life stick out where hard - work and hustling paid off despite my weaknesses .
The first was back in high school .
Like many American boys , I played football in high school .
Genetics , unfortunately , did not bless me with natural athleticism .
Starting off in 9th grade I was slow , fat , not very coordinated , and weak .
Needless to say , I did n’t get a lot of playing time early in my career .
I was so bad that two coaches on the team made a bet with each other on who would be able to turn me into a football player by my senior year .
I did n’t discover this vote of confidence until I graduated .
But what I lacked in ability , I made up for with hustle .
I volunteered to be on the scout team at practice as much as possible .
I stayed after practices to work on my technique .
I ate a strict diet in order to lose the fat and put on muscle .
I busted butt in the weight room in order to get stronger and faster .
I did anything and everything I could do to get better .
It took three years , but I finally got to start a game my junior year .
By my senior year I started every game and even earned some honors at the end of the season .
Granted , I was n’t a blue chipper , but that ’s okay .
I remember after the season was over , one of the coaches that made the bet on me pulled me aside in the hallway and told me about his friendly wager .
He then put his hands on my shoulders and said , “ McKay , there are plenty of other guys on the team that have way more natural athletic ability than you .
You ’re not a naturally athletic guy , but what you lacked in talent , you made up for with hustle and heart .
You earned your success . ”
Two lessons hit home to me from that conversation .
First , if you ’re a coach / mentor / teacher / boss , take the time to pay a sincere compliment to whoever is under you .
That conversation I had with my coach was an incredible confidence booster for my young , insecure self .
And even though the conversation happened 10 years ago , it still has an impact on me .
Second lesson .
Hustle works !
It turned my un-athletic self into a decent football player .
Now hustle can’t turn you into Michael Jordan if you just do n’t have the natural talent .
But it will take you farther than you and those around you thought was possible .
The second instance of hustle paying off was my career in law school .
I ’m not naturally smart .
Take a look at my Iowa Test of Basic Skills and every other standardized test I ’ve taken since elementary school , and they ’ll show how average I am .
This was a source of frustration for me growing up because it seemed like all my friends were geniuses .
I would study my butt off for a test , and they would waltz in on test day without even cracking the textbook , and still get a better grade than me .
Frustrating .
Anyway , when I decided to go to law school , I made it a goal to graduate in the top 10 of my class .
Pretty lofty goal for a guy who ’d always ran in the middle of the pack .
I knew there were going to be some smart people in my class .
Definitely smarter than me .
My only chance at reaching my goal was to out - hustle everybody else .
While other members of the incoming class spent their last summer of freedom hanging out and having fun , I was busting my butt reading study guides and supplements on all my first - year classes .
Because your grade in a law class usually depends on a 3 - hour essay exam , I studied and practiced how to write law essays that earned A’s .
I continued hustling throughout my first semester .
I had a study schedule that I stuck to like clockwork .
I was at the law library from morning until night .
I carried my law outlines and a deck of flash cards with me everywhere I went so I could study while I was waiting in line for lunch or walking to class .
I went up to the library on weekends .
I hustled as much as I could .
It was tiring , but in the end it paid off .
When first semester grades came out , I was the number one student in my class .
I was shocked .
I had never been number one at anything in my academic career .
I did n’t maintain the number one ranking throughout law school .
But that ’s because my second year I started the Art of Manliness .
It required an incredible amount of work , so I could n’t study quite as much .
But I was hustling even more than before .
I hustled with my classes .
I hustled with my part - time job as a student rep with Westlaw , a legal research company .
And I hustled with the Art of Manliness .
And I wrote a book as well .
I spent each day at the library from 9 in the morning until 9 at night with no breaks working on law school stuff .
Then I would come home and spend several hours working on the blog and book .
And then I would do it again the next day .
When I graduated from law school , I had become one of the top Westlaw reps in the country , grown AoM to thousands of subscribers , and wrote a book .
And I graduated summa cum laude in the top ten of my class .
I was tired .
Really , really tired .
But I accomplished what I set out to do .
Because I hustled .
Turn Off the TV and Start Hustling
Now , I hope this does n’t come off as some jackass , self - congratulatory , “ I ’m awesome ! ” thing .
That ’s not my intent at all .
The truth is , I ’m not that awesome .
Like I said , I ’m pretty average .
Like most people , I have a lot to work on personally in order to become the man I want to be .
My hope is that other men out there who feel stuck in an unfulfilling personal situation can see that it ’s possible to do extraordinary things despite your averageness and even below - averageness as long as you ’re willing to hustle .
And hustle hard .
If you ’re tired of your crappy job , hustle your way into a better one .
The economy is in the crapper and unemployment is dismal .
You ’re going to be competing with a lot of people for limited jobs .
With all things being equal , the job is going to go to the man who hustles .
Maybe you ’ll need to go to night school in order to beef up your resume .
Yeah , it ’s going to be hard , especially if you have family , but it ’s been done before .
It ’s just going to take some hustling .
If you ’re tired of working for “ the man , ” start your own business .
Most people that hear this bit of advice balk , because they think they have to quit their current job with all its security so they can devote themselves completely to building up their own business .
But you can do both .
Spend the day working your day job , but then moonlight with your own business until you ’re established enough to quit your corporate job .
You ’ll have to hustle to get to this point , though .
You ’ll have to forgo a lot of sleep and spend your evenings and weekends working .
No more 30 Rock or Monday Night Football or playing Command and Conquer 2 .
If you want to do something more out there like become a professional blogger , writer , musician , etc. , then you ’re really going to need to hustle .
Ignore the “ get rich quickly with minimum hours ” gurus out there .
Take a page from a guy like Gary Vaynerchuk from WineLibrary.tv .
He recommends blogging way into the night , until your eyeballs bleed .
That ’s really what it takes .
There are no shortcuts in life no matter what you dream of doing .
Whatever your goal is , you can accomplish it if you hustle .
I know you can .
I ’ve seen it in my own life and in the lives of men around me .
The World Needs Men Who Hustle
Things are pretty rough right now .
We ’re facing some big problems that are going to take a lot of work to solve .
We need men to step up and be leaders in our communities and families .
We need more entrepreneurs to start small businesses and employees who bust butt to help get our economy going again .
We need men who hustle .
So many aspects of our lives have speeded up from fast - food to the internet .
So much of the world is now only a few keystrokes away .
We do n’t need to break a sweat to see what ’s happening in China .
Having the world at your fingertips is wonderful — what a privilege to live in this time .
But we must vigilantly guard against “ expectation - creep . ”
Expectation - creep is our ever increasing expectation that everything in life will come to us quicker and easier than before .
That fortune and fame is only a google search away .
While a lot of things in this world have changed , the need for hustle has not .
The requisite brow sweat may be more figurative these days , but time , focus , dedication , and determination will remain the eternal principles of success .
So , here ’s a challenge I ’d like to issue to all of us : Let ’s hustle more .
I know if we all start hustling we can make things happen — in our own life and in the world around us .
It wo n’t happen right away , but it will happen .
Last night might have been a first for the black community .
We ’re checking the record books and not finding another important sporting event that has ever been attacked by a black streaker .
Until the 2010 BCS National Championship .
A gold masked man ( who goes by Lork Diesel on the Internet ) representing dahoneyhouse.com ( some tiny black dating site for the black community ) on the back of his gold shirt interrupted the game early in the third quarter and was quickly led away to jail , we presume .
Here is the freaky part about the whole episode : the guy planned this for a month and YouTubed his aspirations a month ago .
And his reason for streaking ?
He wants the BCS to change to a playoff system !
[ youtube width = ” 525 ″ height = ” 455 ″ ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZkelFkDdnM[/youtube]
( Posted Dec. 9 , 2009 )
He calls himself BCS Streaker Man and his quest is to get a BCS playoff system that can determine a real national champion .
We ’re not shitting you on this .
Read the guys words for yourself .
Hey yall , there are many reasons for the act , but the main reason why I did the streak @ bcs championship game is because the bcs system as it stands needs a slight improvement .
Yes there was a protest theme involved .
Everyone knows that the 2 teams that go to that bowl are â€œpickedâ€ , and they didnâ€™t go through a playoff system in order to get there .
Someone had to protest this idea on a mainstream level .
Â
I think all the real college football fans out there would agree to an improvement in the picking of the 2 teams .
Â
So , to please everyone , Iâ€™d suggest 2 main changes
You ’ll have to go read those changes .
We knew BCS playoff proponents were nuts but this is off the charts .
The guy streaks the BCS Championship to get his playoff proposal some PR .
INSANITY !
[ dahoneyhouse.com ]
[ getsignedrightnow.com ]
[ BCS Streaker YouTube Channel ]
Buy Bryan Talbot original artwork
This is the only place you can buy original Bryan Talbot artwork - except from Bryan in person at a convention .
Talbot t- shirts
Also see the Bryan Talbot t- shirt shop !
- we 've got a vast array of Bryan 's images on lots of different t- shirts , as well as other items like mugs and fine art prints : - but if there 's anything else you 'd like just let us know on Twitter or at the Facebook group .
The Bryan Talbot free comics compilation !
As a little pick - me - up during the coronavirus lockdown , I asked Bryan if it would be OK to create a downloadable version of all of the free comics I 've published on the site over the years .
Bryan replied with " of course " - and promptly began sending over even more comics for me to include !
So , with the compliments of Bryan and myself , please download the Bryan Talbot free comics compilation ( CBR version ) or the Bryan Talbot free comics compilation ( PDF version )
The Grandville Annotations
Bryan and myself have created a series of annotations for the Grandville graphic novel series , explaining references and homages to other works , how the pages are drawn , inked , coloured and put together .
All of the annotations are now complete and online for :
- Grandville
- Grandville Mon Amour
- Grandville Bête Noire
- Grandville Noël
- Grandville Force Majeure
Join the Facebook group for Bryan Talbot fans for lots of discussions and special offers announced on Facebook first .
The Bryan Talbot fanpage is also on Twitter - so give us a follow and join in the conversation !
And we are also on Instagram : give us a like and a follow !
New Grandville miniatures are now available
The Crooked Dice site now has not only LeBrock and Ratzi and Billie miniatures - but also Chance Lucas , Hawksmoor , Koenig and more !
Amazon.co.uk Widgets
Buy the Heart of Empire Directors Cut
This labour of love from Bryan and myself contains every single page of Heart of Empire in pencil , ink and final full colour format - as well as over 60,000 words of annotation , commentary and explanation from Bryan ... - as well as the whole of the Adventures of Luther Arkwright !
Or see the Heart of Empire Directors Cut page for more details .
This is the new version of the Bryan Talbot fanpage
But the whole of the original Bryan Talbot fanpage is still online .
There 's a lot of hostility swirling around Foxconn these days .
First , Foxconn security assaulted a photograph - snapping reporter in China .
Now there 's a report that workers at a Mexican Foxconn factory burned the joint down after being forced to work overtime .
Advertisement
Apparently at the end of the work day on Friday , supervisors at the Foxconn factory in Juarez , Mexico were n't quite ready to wrap up for the weekend , so they told the workers that the transportation trucks that take them home everyday were being held up at a military checkpoint .
In the meantime , the workers were forced to keep toiling away without any extra compensation .
Advertisement
Well , that bit about the military checkpoint was n't entirely true , and when the workers found out that the trucks were just being blocked - in in the parking lot , they expressed their anger by setting fire to the gymnasium , the area of the building in which the factory 's finished computers and cell phones are stored .
This reportedly is n't the first time the slimy managers at the Juarez plant had tried to strong arm their employees into staying overtime without extra pay , so the explosive reaction is not entirely surprising .
Sometimes you just gotta fight fire with arson .
[ El Norte ( sub. required ) - Thanks Wilibaldo ]
ABC reporter Phillip Williams has witnessed violence and despair as he travels around Haiti 's capital , Port - au - Prince , which is descending into anarchy following Wednesday 's devastating earthquake .
Watch Phillip Williams ' eyewitness report from the streets of Port - au - Prince .
I witnessed a person who had just been murdered in the street .
He had been stripped naked and hacked to death - in fact he had not quite died when I saw him .
The crowd had decided he was a criminal - that he had attempted to rob someone - and this was retribution , this was the reaction from those in the street , because there are no structures .
The government is not functioning properly and there is little police presence .
People are taking the law into their own hands , and it's a brutal law .
About half an hour later I witnessed another man burning .
He had been set alight ; he had been killed .
He too had been accused of robbery and in fact of having shot a woman during that robbery .
We 've seen virtually no - one carrying any sense of authority and very few police .
I 've seen one or two policemen - they tend to be concentrated around government buildings .
We have n't seen the US troops much beyond the airport , so that element of security has not fanned out and it has not been established .
And in the absence of that security , people create their own .
And it 's not really security - it 's insecurity - and it can not go on too much longer .
Things are turning nasty in the streets .
People are desperate - they need food , they need water , they need shelter - and most of them have n't got these basic needs .
Aid trickles out
However there is some evidence of a slight improvement in aid reaching those who need it .
We have seen points where people can get water .
Obviously if they do n't get water they are going to die very quickly in a hot climate .
Food is another matter , and there is very little food being distributed .
The problem is there are so many people with such great needs that if they suddenly hear there is distribution of food , that place will be mobbed .
For example , I was in the Prime Minister 's compound today where there are hundreds - perhaps a couple of thousand - refugees camped out there .
And there was a line , hundreds and hundreds of people trying to get basics .
They were giving out US aid packages of personal toiletries and washing powder , soap , babies nappies - those sort of essentials .
But they quickly ran out and they had to turn hundreds and hundreds of people away .
You can imagine the mood when they did that .
These people are now getting very angry and they do n't see any end to this - that 's the problem .
It 's not as though they see some sort of magic wand coming .
They have high hopes for the Americans , but so far it 's just overwhelmed them .
This is too big , this is a city around the size of Melbourne , and if you can imagine most of the houses being destroyed in Melbourne , what would the people of Australia do ?
Probably they'd be in much the same situation , except this of course is a country that cannot afford and does n't have the infrastructure to help people get out of this mess .
The Haitian government is still nominally in control , but they do not appear to be doing much and the Americans and the UN are referring to them in their decision - making process .
It is a sovereign government , so of course they have to do that , but it is not a very effective system .
There are a lot of meetings , a lot of committees , but what people need - and need quickly - is solid evidence that the aid is getting through , or at least can get through in the very near future .
And if they do n't see evidence of that , I 'm afraid there 's just going to be more lawlessness as people get more desperate .
The future governor of Alaska may have been the cutest kid ever .
Nothing goes better with birthday cake than dead chickens !
That is a dead bear in the middle .
I think those are freshly plucked moose antlers .
This picture makes a whole lot more sense now , does n’t it .
Pages : 1 2
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Share
UPDATE : The video was originally hosted by Vimeo , which removed it after a complaint that it featured “ explict sexual content . ”
Bad taste , for sure .
But “ explicit ” content ?
It is instructive though , at least in a symbolic sense , that Vimeo finds such Israeli hasbara is video pornography .
H/t Robin .
Dimi Reider has discovered one of the stranger of Israel ’s tourism promotions .
This one is sponsored by the Canadian Council for Israel and Jewish Advocacy ( CIJA ) undoubtedly in close collaboration with the foreign ministry .
The video is in indescribably bad taste , portraying an attractive couple in bed with the woman telling the man she can’t possibly “ do it ” because it ’s “ too small . ”
The dialogue is so lame that it simply must be quoted to be believed :
Girl : Uhhh …
Boy : What ?
G : Do n’t be mad …
It ’s just that it ’s small …
B : Small ?!
G : I do n’t know if I can go there .
B : I consider this a spot of worship .
It may be small , but it ’s brought the driest places to life .
Baby , this is paradise .
[ camera pans to show map of Israel and tourist guidebooks covering boy ’s crotch ] .
G : OK , but if I go down there for you , you have to promise you ’ll down south for me next winter .
I ’m simply flabbergasted that Israel would use the promise of fellatio and cunnilingus to promote itself .
This also puts into proper perspective the blandishments of Birthright Israel and its former premier trip vendor , Shlomo Momo , who hold out to trip participants the possibility of great Jewish sex and meeting potential Jewish mates on their trips .
There are just way too many strange , odd places to go with this evocative video .
Do you notice the phallic outline of Israel in the video ’s opening image ?
What does it say about the creator ’s fixation on the symbolic size of Israel ’s , er member ?
Maybe Israel is compensating for this sense of sexual inferiority with its “ muscular ” Occupation ( h/t to Ali Gharib ) ?
The website devised to promote this tourism campaign portrays Israel as a hipster paradise full of models , beaches , bronzed bodies , and beautiful modern metropolises .
If I caught it correctly , there ’s an image of a dread - locked Idan Raichel thrown in for good measure .
Yes sir , Israel is nothing but sun and fun .
Not a hint of politics .
Not even culture , art or music .
And certainly not an Arab in sight .
In fact , here are some factoids of which the hasbara machine wants you to be proud :
Did you KNOW ? *
On a per capita basis , Israel has the largest number of biotechnology startup companies in the world
* Israel is a world leader in water conservation and reforestation
* Arab Israelis have served as elected representatives of the Knesset ( Parliament ) since Israel was founded Israel is a welcoming and inclusive country *
In 1999 , an Arab woman was named as “ Miss Israel ”
* Israeli Arabs serve on the Israeli Supreme Court
* Israel is at the forefront of promoting equality for LGBT communities , as well as promoting women ’s rights
* In 1969 Golda Meir was elected as Israel ’s Prime Minister – the third elected woman leader of any other country in the world
Speaking of Israel ’s technological innovation , did you get a load of those Mossad killers talking into their wrists with that cool gear that communicated with their Austrian command center ?
Now that ’s innovation !
Not to mention the cool floppy hat worn by the Mossad babe who was stalking the victim .
If that is n’t fashion sense , what is ?
And how ’bout targeted assassinations in general ?
What a neat innovation Israel has perfected and given as a gift to the Palestinians and the rest of the world .
How ’bout those claims about Israeli Arabs ?
Holy shit , Batman !
There are Arab Israelis who ’ve been elected to the Knesset !
I bet you thought they were all dishwashers , daily laborers and maids .
No kidding .
Of course , this “ fact ” omits the real fact that Arab political parties are excluded from governing coalitions , and rarely are individual Arab Knesset members named government ministers and so have almost no political power .
And yes , Israel is an inclusive and welcoming country if you ’re a Jew .
If you ’re not , not so much .
Regarding Arabs sitting on the Supreme Court , this neglects the fact that the daughter of Israel ’s Arab justice was treated like an Arab terrorist by the Shin Bet when she attempted to leave Israel .
Israel is at the forefront of gay rights … except when crazy haredim stab gay marchers in Gay Pride parades , when haredi rabbis denounce gays as evil Sodomites , and when Tel Aviv gay community centers are attacked by crazed gunmen .
As for Golda , that ’s very nice except that the percentage of women in the Knesset is miserably low and women hold almost no major cabinet portfolios .
Is this any way to promote a country ?
You bet it ai n’t .
But one thing I have to say–this is yet another ‘ brilliant ’ manipulation brought to you by those boys , Yvette and Danny , and their most excellent adventure at the Israeli foreign ministry .
At the rate they ’re going , there may not be much of an Israel left to promote before too long .
This advertising campaign is part of a joint Israel rebranding effort organized by the Israeli consulate in Canada and Canadian Jewish business leaders including the Asper family and Jason Reitman , who also chairs CIJA .
An earlier effort at this type of rebranding included the Toronto Film Festival ’s honoring Tel Aviv ’s 100th birthday in an effusion of pro-Israel glitz and hasbara that Israeli film artists and Naomi Klein objected to strenuously .
Students at 20 Canadian universities will have the pleasure of dreaming about oral sex in Israel when this tourism campaign comes to a campus near them in the coming weeks .
I bet they just ca n’t wait .
( CNN ) -- Passenger David Martin knew the situation on Virgin America Flight 404 was unraveling Saturday when members of the flight crew began snapping at passengers .
One incident stands out for him from Saturday 's flight , which spent more than four hours on the tarmac at New York 's Stewart Airport after being diverted from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport .
Martin said he was rationing a limited number of cookies from first - class to mothers and children in coach when a passenger prone to outbursts asked him for a cookie .
He was about to give her one when a flight attendant ordered her to sit down and told her she would not get a cookie .
" Everyone knew she was a very frantic woman , which is why no one said anything when she asked for the cookie .
...
Everyone understood but the flight attendant , " said Martin , CEO of the social networking site Kontain.com , who documented Saturday 's travails using visual updates via the iPhone app to his Kontain account .
" I went to her and said , you need to understand that speaking to passengers like this is not going to do any good .
You need to exercise leadership and responsibility . "
Martin said the flight attendant dismissed his words , as did the pilot when he took his concerns to the cockpit .
See Martin 's visual posts from flight on Kontain.com
Martin said the situation did not improve until the flight was finally canceled , 4 ½ hours after it parked at Stewart and nearly 12 hours after it took off from Los Angeles International , during which time passengers say they endured shortages of food and water , crying babies , panic attacks and rising tensions .
Severe storms and heavy winds paralyzed traffic entering and leaving JFK airport Saturday night , causing most flights to be diverted .
" Although we cannot control the weather or the circumstances , we agreed that we needed to have done a better job with making our guests more comfortable in a difficult situation , " Virgin America spokeswoman Abby Lunardini said in an e-mail .
But if the delay had occurred a few weeks later , Virgin America might have faced more than $ 3 million in fines for staying on the tarmac for more than three hours .
Under the rule , which takes effect April 29 , airlines could be fined up to $ 27,500 per passenger for tarmac delays lasting more than three hours .
Passengers were offered two opportunities to leave the plane after it parked on the tarmac at Stewart , and 20 of the 126 passengers chose to do so , Lunardini said .
Internal policy dictates that Virgin America will never hold guests longer than three hours without the ability to leave the aircraft , she said .
" Although guests were able to leave the aircraft during Flight 404 , if the ruling were in place we would have made the decision to cancel at the 2 - hour mark instead of the 3 - to 4 - hour mark , which is our current practice , " Lunardini said .
" We are in full compliance with existing rules and are prepared to be in full compliance with the new ruling when it is issued . "
The Department of Transportation is investigating the Virgin America incident , said spokesman Bill Mosley .
" The whole thrust behind the rule is to prevent passengers from being subject to that , to the delays in the aircraft , " Mosley said .
American Airlines has joined JetBlue and Delta in requesting an exemption at JFK airport to the tarmac delay rule set , according to the Department of Transportation .
The closure of a major runway at JFK prompted the exemption requests , which would only apply to that airport for the duration of construction on the runway .
Even in situations when the flight cannot operate , the rule would ensure that passengers are allowed to get off the plane and return to the terminal , Mosley said .
American echoed the concerns of JetBlue and Delta in its JFK exemption request .
" Carriers , faced with increased operational difficulties as a result of constrained runway capacity just at the time the new tarmac delay rule goes into effect , and with the prospect of incurring $ 27,500 per passenger in fines , will inevitably cancel flights during challenging operational situations , " the airline 's DOT request said .
Martin said he supports the idea of fining airlines for delays as an incentive to ensure that other passengers do n't have to endure the same experience .
" I would like on my left to be the CEO of Virgin America and on my right , the CEO of JetBlue to vouch with me for this bill , " he said .
" That 's the kind of leadership that 's required and demonstrates that these CEOs understand that passenger safety and customer service comes first . "
Martin and his seatmate , " Dancing with the Stars " judge Carrie Ann Inaba , used Twitter and Kontain , respectively , to issue updates on their ordeal .
" Was stuck on a plane for five hours on a Tarmac .
They ran out of food , a woman was escorted off by police and I 'm grateful to new friends , " Inaba tweeted at 11:14 p.m. , after the flight was officially canceled and remaining passengers were led off the plane .
Read Inaba 's Tweets
Martin posted intermittent updates to Kontain.com using his iPhone app while the flight was in progress .
" Tensions rising big time as we are grounded and passengers are trying to get off , " he said in one post accompanied by a photo of passengers lining up in front of the cockpit to deplane .
" Virgin crew losing control of passengers .
Police now onboard here , " he said in a later post .
On Sunday night , Martin says he received a phone call from Virgin America CEO David Cush telling him that he 'd seen his posts and expressing apologies .
Martin attributed his use of social media to convey the severity of the situation as a factor in Virgin America 's decision to refund passengers the cost of the airfare plus a $ 100 credit .
" You ca n't just write in a complaint or call customer service anymore ... social media , it 's the only weapon , " he said .
" Airlines need to be more terrified of that than the actual bill , because they 're going to have to compensate passengers anyway each time they get held up on the tarmac , but they 're also going to lose passengers because their brand will be destroyed every time a passenger uses social media . "
You ’ve probably seen cool cakes before , but as far as cakes - shaped - like - other - foods go , these are by far the most awesome I ’ve ever seen .
Debbie Goard has almost 20 years of decorating behind her , and it ’s this vast experience that helps her design the most incredible cakes most of us have ever seen .
She does all kinds of designs , but I was particularly impressed by her food cakes that look just like the dishes they ’re trying to mimic .
The perfect steak you see below is just one of the sweet wonders Debbie has created over the years , but there are other jaw - dropping masterpieces , including that awesome slab of bacon .
That thing should be framed and posted on a wall of fame , or something .
Check out more of Debbie ’s cakes on her Flickr profile and feel free to read more about her work , and even order cakes and cupcakes from on delicious - looking website .
I am very concerned about my 14 yr old daughter .
My daughter seems to have formed an extremely close attachment to me and I am not sure ...
Caps improve to 7 - 2 without Ovechkin
( J Pat Carter / AP )
Some morning links to get the day started :
* Caps 7 , Panthers 3 : Pretty much everybody scores as the Caps improve to 7 - 2 without Alex Ovechkin in the lineup .
| Postgame wrap - up »
* Mike Wise : " If Alex Ovechkin listens to no one else , he needs to listen to Mike Knuble .
If the NHL 's most breathtaking player tunes out everyone but Knuble , he might actually be around for another decade or so . "
* D.C. Sports Bog : Caps score more minus Ovie .
What 's the deal ?
* Caps deflate Panthers ' hopes .
From the Sun Sentinel :
What little chance the Panthers had left of making the playoffs probably dissolved with Tuesday 's blowout loss to the Capitals .
Of course , you could argue it would n't even matter if the Panthers grabbed that eighth spot .
That 's because they 'd face the top - seeded Capitals in the first round , and as this 7 - 3 thumping at BankAtlantic Center again showed , they 're no match for the NHL 's best team .
*" Redskins drop Dolphins in Sunrise . "
Nice .
( On Frozen Pond )
* Game recaps and reactions from everyone on the Internet : Japers ' Rink , Mike Vogel , RMNB , Ed Frankovic , Storming the Crease , Rock the Red , Examiner 's Brian McNally , DC Landing Strip , Caps Blog .
Game highlights :
Our video recap of yesterday 's suspension reactions in Florida :
* The most feared man in the game .
( Peerless )
* From Ted 's Take : Aw , shucks , they like us .
|
How dare you be anonymous ?
* Boudreau : " The boards caused the damage . " ( Bog )
* Cory Stillman 's insightful Ovie comments .
( Bog )
Stay tuned for news and notes from Raleigh .
Roman Leschinkskiy has released the 0.5 version of vector , the future standard non-parallel arrays library forGHC Haskell .
This post covers some of the differences between it and uvector , and what to watch for when migrating code to use vector .
The summary is — as of Feb 15 , 2010 — you can move to vector now .
In almost all cases you will get identical performance to uvector , but with a nicer interface .
There are currently a few small gaps in the API , and a couple of performance tweaks are needed to particular functions , but they should not affect most people ( and likely will be fixed in coming days ) .
Note that you should use the - Odph optimization flag for the most reliable results .
Background
vector is one of the results of the multi-year Data Parallel Haskell project , to develop high performance parallel bulk array processing for Haskell , allowing us to do very fast arrays ( that is , transparently multicore parallel array processing , outperforming C or C++ by using cores more efficiently . )
While this project concentrates on data parallelism , it has also lead to new approaches to flat , sequential arrays for Haskell .
The code has been spun - off in two different packages , which replace the fifteen year old array package with faster , more flexible types and functions :
These two libraries share a common origin , but have different engineering goals .
Both libraries make heavy use of loop fusion based on streams to achieve excellent performance .
( You can read more about that in a separate post ) .
uvector is a conservative attempt to develop fast , unboxed arrays with a flexible interface based on fusion , to replace Data .
Array in the short term , while vector was immature .
uvector has been in active service for about two years now , filling a gap while we waited for vector to mature .
uvector has several users now , including haskell - criterion haskell - histogram - fill haskell - hnn haskell - monte - carlo haskell - mwc - random haskell - pqueue - mtlhaskell - safe - freeze haskell - statistics haskell - statistics - fusion haskell - uvector - algorithms .
These packages in the medium term should consider moving to vector .
The vector library is far more ambitious , aiming to be the standard array library for high performance problems in all circumstances .
It cleanly supports :
mutable arrays
immutable arrays
boxed
unboxed
storable types
As for uvector , unboxed representations are specialized at compile time via type families , and fusion is used throughout the interface .
Unlike uvector , vector supports boxed arrays , and provides inplace fusion of mutable array operations .
If you need transparently parallel arrays , you should consider the dph package , distributed with GHC .
Current status
uvector is stable , and has gone into maintainance mode only .
If you like it , you can safely continue to use it for the foreseeable future , though any performance improvements in the fusion or array types developed in vector will not be backported to uvector .
vector , as of 0.5 , has been declared “ beta ” .
You can begin migrating code to use it .
Migrating your code
I ’ve just finished porting the uvector micro benchmark suite to vector , and have the following notes on how to migrate your code to use unboxed arrays in the vector package .
Namespaces
The old uvector namespace was Data .
Array .
Vector with U suffix appended to names .
That goes away , and instead you should :
import qualified Data .
Vector as U
Most function names are identical , so we have in vector the obvious counterparts to uvector .
All these are basically unchanged :
U.length U.null U.empty U.cons U.snoc U.replicate U.head
U.last U.init U.tail U.take U.drop U.map U.filter U.elem U.notElem
U.product U.sum U.maximum U.minimum U.foldl1 U.foldl U.dropWhile U.break
U.find U.all U.any U.and U.or U.maximumBy U.minimumBy
U.enumFromTo
Some function names have changed :
U.++ replaces appendU
U.! replaces indexU
Some functions are missing :
lookupU repeatU
There are many new functions on vectors , in particular , on mutable arrays , and for bulk operations ( backpermute , reverse , accum ) .
Better types
Notably , vector supports boxed types , so you can more easily store Haskell values in fusible arrrays ( so you can have , e.g. Integer arrays ) .
Performance Wibbles
I found only a few differences in performance compared to uvector , and have notified Roman .
These should n’t affect many users currently , and will likely disappear in coming days .
First , compile with - Odph instead of - O2 , this fixes some optimization issues with zips , and probably other things .
Functions to watch out for :
zip , zipwith , zipwith3 — uvector was a lot faster ( 10 x ) in simple programs — however , moving to - Odph fixes zips entirely .
Different fusion results for ’ empty ’ ( kind of a corner case )
eq seems to be about twice as slow .
Unsure why .
Bools do n’t seem to be bit packed ?
At least , Bool unboxed arrays seem a bit slower than in uvector .
U.last appears to be optimized differently , though does n’t affect performance .
Pipelines ending in ‘ null ’ ( another corner case ) are fused differently ( slightly worse performance ) .
And that ’s about it .
As of this post , I ’m officially declaring uvector to be in maintainance - only mode , and will be working to improve vector .
Today 's Scandinavians are not descended from the people who came to Scandinavia at the conclusion of the last ice age but , apparently , from a population that arrived later , concurrently with the introduction of agriculture .
This is one conclusion of a new study straddling the borderline between genetics and archaeology , which involved Swedish researchers and which has now been published in the journal Current Biology .
" The hunter - gatherers who inhabited Scandinavia more than 4,000 years ago had a different gene pool than ours , " explains Anders Götherström of the Department of Evolutionary Biology at Uppsala University , who headed the project together with Eske Willerslev of the Centre for GeoGenetics at the University of Copenhagen .
The study , a collaboration among research groups in Sweden , Denmark and the UK , involved using DNA from Stone Age remains to investigate whether the practices of cultivating crops and keeping livestock were spread by immigrants or represented innovations on the part of hunter - gatherers .
" Obtaining reliable results from DNA from such ancient human remains involves very complicated work , " says Helena Malmström of the Department of Evolutionary Biology at Uppsala University .
She carried out the initial DNA sequencings of Stone Age material three years ago .
Significant time was then required for researchers to confirm that the material really was thousands of years old .
" This is a classic issue within archaeology , " says Petra Molnar at the Osteoarchaeological Research Laboratory at Stockholm University .
" Our findings show that today 's Scandinavians are not the direct descendants of the hunter - gatherers who lived in the region during the Stone Age .
This entails the conclusion that some form of migration to Scandinavia took place , probably at the onset of the agricultural Stone Age .
The extent of this migration is as of yet impossible to determine . "
Summary :
The President points to outrageous premium hikes from health insurance companies , especially those already making massive profits , as further proof of the need for reform .
Looking ahead to the coming bipartisan meeting on reform , the President urges members of Congress to come to the table in good faith to address the issue .
by ·
How to grow blueberries at home
Blueberries are a wonderful fruit to add to any diet .
These little berries are low in sodium and calories , they have no cholesterol , and they are an excellent source of fiber .
If you ’re looking for ways on how to grow blueberries in your home garden , here are a few tips that can help you out .
Choose the type of blueberries you want to plant .
There are several different types of blueberries to choose from .
The type of blueberries you normally find in the produce section of the grocery store are highbush blueberries .
The bushes that these blueberries grow on can grow up to six feet and produce blueberries from half an inch in diameter up to an inch in diameter .
Lowbush blueberries are otherwise known as wild blueberries .
These bushes normally do not get any higher that 18 inches .
Half - high blueberries are a hybrid type between the highbush and the lowbush varieties .
Half - high blueberry bushes grow to a height similar to that of the highbush type .
Rabbiteye blueberries have thick skins and are best planted in southern areas .
These are the tallest variety of blueberry bushes , getting as tall as 10 feet .
Select a Spot
Once you choose the type of blueberries you want to plant in your home garden , you ’ll need to select an ideal spot to plant them .
Planting blueberries in a spot that gets a lot of sun is best for any type of blueberry bush .
It ’s OK to plant them in a little bit of shade , but make sure it ’s not too much shade .
Too much shade can result in a decline of fruit production and fruit quality .
Blueberry bushes have a shallow root system and require a constant supply of water .
The optimal amount of water for a blueberry bush is about two inches a week .
Soil
The soil composition for blueberries is key .
The ideal soil is a loose , sandy loam .
Loam is a soil that is comprised of silt , clay , and sand .
The pH level of the soil should be about 4.0 and no more than 5.0 for optimal growth .
Some types of blueberries can withstand harsh temperatures , however the optimal time to plant a blueberry bush is in the spring .
A family of four should plant about five bushes to provide fresh fruit for not only eating , but preserving and drying as well .
The spacing of your bushes is important also .
Lowbush varieties should have one to three feet between them .
Rabiteyes , half - high , and highbush plants should have five to six feet between them .
Once you have your blueberry bushes planted , you ’ll need to take care of them so they thrive .
Blueberry bushes require one to two inches of water each week .
Rainfall is best for watering .
Using tap water can raise the pH level of the soil .
If rainfall is n’t prominent in your area , make sure you start saving rain water before you plant .
Only use tap water when you have no other option .
Birds and your blueberries
You will want to make sure you take precautions against pests that can hinder your blueberry bushes .
A big pest for blueberries is birds .
Birds can quickly eat through your entire crop of blueberries if you ’re not careful .
Use a bird proof net over your bushes to protect them from pesky birds .
The optimal protection for your blueberries is a walk - in blueberry cage .
It ’s a light frame that you build around your blueberries .
The frame is draped by the netting and is more secure than just a net by itself .
The final step in the maintenance of blueberry bushes is pruning .
The removal of diseased and dead areas of the plant is necessary .
You ’ll want to cut out any weak looking stems to allow the stronger stems to be more productive .
And finally , you ’ll want to cut away any growth at ground level if the stems are larger than one inch in diameter .
These are a few tips on how to grow blueberries in your home garden .
You ’ll enjoy the sweet and fresh benefits of your efforts in no time .
Comments
Posted on January 27 , 2010
MSNBC's Matthews On Obama : " I Forgot He Was Black Tonight "
MSNBC's Chris Matthews : " He is post - racial by all appearances .
You know , I forgot he was black tonight for an hour .
You know , he 's gone a long way to become a leader of this country and passed so much history in just a year or two . "
UPDATE : Matthews Clarifies
His " Black " Comment
President Obama will end NASA ’s return mission to the moon and turn to private companies to launch astronauts into space when he unveils his budget request to Congress next week , an administration official said Thursday .
The shift would “ put NASA on a more sustainable and ambitious path to the future , ” said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
But the changes have angered some members of Congress , particularly from Texas , the location of the Johnson Space Center , and Florida , the location of the Kennedy Space Center .
“ My biggest fear is that this amounts to a slow death of our nation ’s human space flight program , ” Representative Bill Posey , Republican of Florida , said in a statement .
Mr. Obama ’s request , which will be announced on Monday , would add $ 6 billion over five years to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ’s budget compared with projections last year .
With the increase , NASA would receive $ 100 billion over the 2011 through 2015 fiscal years .
As with all Fabian Society publications , posts on Next Left represent the views of their individual authors not the collective view of the Fabian Society as a whole .
If you have an idea for a blog post , drop us a line at r_speight@fabian-society.org.uk
Two Hidden OSX Preview Gems
When I described Five Hidden OSX Gems a couple of years ago , I highlighted the flexibility of Preview .
Even back in the days of Tiger , it was a hugely useful tool , and I bemoaned having to use operating systems that did n’t have it .
Since then , it ’s grown significantly in usefulness .
I do n’t know when the two features I ’m about to describe were implemented ( I suspect that one of them , at least , has been there since the beginning ) , but they ’ve only become obvious to me recently .
Image Manipulation
When I redesigned this blog I created several areas around the layout for the insertion of images .
For these areas to work well , they require images of specific sizes ( pixel sizes , rather than file size ) .
After a couple of posts it became a real pain to do this resizing and cropping in the image editing applications I usually use , Photoshop and Pixelmator .
Even with the relative svelteness of Pixelmator ( relative to Photoshop ) , it can take a frustratingly long time just to crop an image .
So it was with a slight air of frustration that I went seeking for a lightweight image re-sizer and cropper .
I looked at a couple of products but none really fitted the bill .
It was at that point I saw various people mentioning this functionality in Preview and , lo and behold , it ’s there .
Now this may not be hidden , in the true sense of the word , but it ’s hidden in that I did n’t even think to look in preview for it .
Image Adjustments
Preview comes bundles with what are some fairly advanced image adjustment tools .
In the same style as iPhone , these are n’t pixel adjustments , but rather whole image adjustments .
These tools include changing the Sharpness , Exposure and Contrast as well as colour adjustments like saturation , white balance , temperature and tint .
You can also have a manual play with the levels .
It ’s pretty much the same tool as the one seen in iPhoto , so anyone who ’s used to that will be right at home here .
To bring up the Adjustments dialogue head to the slightly conservative “ Adjust Color ” item in Tools , or press OPTION +COMMAND+C .
Cropping
Cropping is predictably easy .
Simply pick a Select tool ( there are the usual rectangle , elliptical and polygonal varieties ) and draw the area you want to crop .
Then choose “ Crop ” from the tools menu , or press COMMAND + K .
And there you have it , the image is cropped .
Save it in the usual manner , and you ’re done .
Resizing
Choose “ Adjust Size ” in the Tools menu to get a dialogue that allows for the image to be resized .
There are the usual options present , allowing you to choose absolute sizes based on pixels or real - world measurements ( e.g. inches ) , some presets and the option to lock the aspect ratio .
PDF Slimming
OSX , unlike Windows , provides native PDF support .
You can save pretty much anything as a PDF in OSX and Preview takes care of opening them once created .
However , it does n’t end there .
OSX ’s PDF engine is actually far more sophisticated than many commercial PDF creation tools .
One feature of OSXs PDF engine that comes in particularly useful is its efficiency .
You can take a PDF file and vastly reduce its size .
To demonstrate this I took a random PDF file from my downloads folder ( I ’ve no idea where it came from , although I think it was linked from the brilliant Photoshop Disasters ) and reduced its size .
What the image above demonstrates is the original file ’s details on the left and the reduced versions on the right .
There are two levels of file reduction possible , one is lossless ( i.e. there is no perceivable loss in quality post reduction ) whereas the other is not .
In order to achieve the first level of file size reduction , all you have to do is save the PDF in Preview .
That ’s it .
So to reduce the 1.5MB PDF file seen here to 844 KB all you have to do is save it in Preview .
That ’s an almost 50 % saving .
To achieve the next level of reduction requires some work .
Not a lot , just a couple of clicks in fact .
To make the reduction , fire up the Save As dialogue .
In this dialogue you ’ll see a Quartz Filter drop down .
This allows you to apply various effects to the document , one of which is “ Reduce File Size ” .
Using this option when saving produces a dramatic reduction in file size .
As you can see in my example , the PDF file ’s size has now dropped to just under 300 KB .
That ’s one fifth of its original size and about one third of its already reduced size .
A word of warning though .
Using the “ Reduce File Size ” option can have some strange effects .
Some of the images in the PDF lost their colours .
All the text remained the same as before .
So be careful and , as always , your mileage may vary .
Are there any hidden Preview gems I ’ve missed out on ?
This is a little powerhouse app .
The developments over the past week in support of the bill from the Catholic Church have been nothing short of astonishing , reflecting a real rift between the church 's moral and / or power centers .
The bishops declared their opposition to the bill early , mostly due to its abortion provisions .
Congressman Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) agreed , and threatened to kill the legislation - with a nebulous bloc of other Democratic legislators - if the abortion provisions were n't changed .
Incidentally , since the Republican party is forcing Democrats to go the reconciliation route in the Senate , the abortion language cannot be changed .
Reconciliation requires that provisions be primarily budget - related .
But then things got really interesting .
Over the weekend , a group representing U.S. Catholic hospitals , led by Sister Carol Keehan , declared its enthusiastic support :
As I watched our president present his plan to pass the health reform legislation , it was clear this is an historic opportunity to make great improvements in the lives of so many Americans .
Is it perfect ?
No .
Does it cover everyone ?
No .
But is it a major first step ?
Yes .
The insurance reforms will make the lives of millions more secure , and their coverage more affordable .
The reforms will eventually make affordable health insurance available to 31 million of the 47 million Americans currently without coverage .
Then , a group representing 59,000 Catholic nuns joined in the chorus of support :
The health care bill that has been passed by the Senate and that will be voted on by the House will expand coverage to over 30 million uninsured Americans .
While it is an imperfect measure , it is a crucial next step in realizing health care for all .
It will invest in preventative care .
It will bar insurers from denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions .
It will make crucial investments in community health centers that largely serve poor women and children .
Especially significant is that all three groups have broken with the bishops in recognizing that the bill does not change current law when it comes to federal funding of abortion .
The Reporter makes the case in no uncertain terms , and takes the bishops to task for their role in ginning up the controversy .
The bishops have to be clear that some of their talking points might lead honest observers to question their competence -- or worse .
In the past week or so , much has been made of the bill 's provision of $ 7 billion dollars to community health centers .
The National Right to Life Committee chimed in that this money could go to pay for abortions at clinics run by Planned Parenthood .
Back to Logic 101 : All Planned Parenthood clinics may be clinics , but not all health care clinics are Planned Parenthood clinics .
The community health centers in question do not , never have , and have no intention of performing abortions , and they are prohibited by statute from doing so .
This is a red herring and it was profoundly disappointing to see the USCCB
Web site give credence to it .
Bottom line :
The current legislation is not " pro-abortion , " and there is no , repeat no , federal funding of abortion in the bill .
And the good sisters say :
Despite false claims to the contrary , the Senate bill will not provide taxpayer funding for elective abortions .
It will uphold longstanding conscience protections and it will make historic new investments – $ 250 million – in support of pregnant women .
This is the REAL pro-life stance , and we as Catholics are all for it .
Again - bottom line :
There is NO federal funding of abortion in this bill .
In fact , in my opinion , the bill actually disadvantages women when it comes to reproductive issues , as it forces them to decide , upfront , whether to pay EXTRA for services they hope they 'll never have the occasion to need .
The premium for these services needs to come out of their own pockets ; subsidies can not be used to cover it .
At any rate , to say the bill permits federal funding of abortion is disingenuous at best .
I 'm glad The Reporter made the case so clearly .
To the legislators still wrestling with the issue :
Please , read these arguments carefully .
Listen to the Catholic hospitals , to the nuns , listen to those who work day in and day out with the poor and the sick .
Do n't be swayed by power masked as righteousness .
Spend some time over the next couple days in quiet meditation and prayer , and think about all the good this bill can do , the lives it will save .
We 're counting on you .
TAKE ACTION - FRIDAY'S THE LAST DAY
It 's possible if not likely that the fate of health care reform rests in the hands of a handful of Democrats who are concerned about the abortion provisions in the bill .
I 'm sure they 're getting bombarded with calls from pro-life groups .
Let 's match fire with fire and get a calling campaign started today .
Call the representatives below and let them know that we need and expect them to vote Yes .
These are reps who may be aligned with Stupak .
Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) ( 202 ) 225 4735
Steve Driehaus ( D - OH ) ( 202 ) 225-2216
Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) ( 202 ) 225-4146 - Leaning
Yes , see update below
Charlie Wilson ( D - OH ) ( 202 ) 225-5705 - A YES per update below , thank him !
Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) ( 202 ) 225-6511
Kathleen Dahlkemper ( D - PA ) ( 202 ) 225-5406
Joe Donnelly ( D - IN ) ( 202 ) 225-3915
Brad Ellsworth ( D - IN ) ( 202 ) 225-4636
Dan Lipinski ( D - IL ) ( 202 ) 225-5701
Jerry Costello ( D - IL ) ( 202 ) 225-5661
Solomon Ortiz ( D - TX ) ( 202 ) 225-7742
Henry Cuellar ( D - TX ) 202-225-1640
Marion Berry ( D - AR ) ( 202 ) 225-4076
Adding back , per concerns he 's wavering ( he seemed like a Definite Yes , now not sure ) :
James Oberstar ( D - MN ) ( 202 ) 225-6211
All contact info above , and other great resources , from Catskill Julie 's very informative action diary last week .
For a great overview of why Stupak and the bishops are wrong , see this Slate article .
UPDATE :
Missed this one .
A couple days ago , Commonweal Magazine - which Wikipedia describes as " the oldest Catholic journal of opinion in the United States " - also endorsed the bill in a very thoughtful editorial .
Here 's the closing paragraph :
If one wants to claim that no politician who ’s really opposed to abortion can support the Senate bill , it ’s not enough to show that the bill ’s provisions are inferior to the House ’s Stupak Amendment ; one must also argue that the Senate bill is inferior to the status quo .
The government is already subsidizing group plans that cover elective abortion by means of tax breaks for businesses that offer them .
Millions of Americans must now choose between accepting such a plan and going without good health insurance ; the only other option , a decent individual plan , is now just too expensive for them .
The Senate bill would give such people the wherewithal to buy insurance that does n’t cover elective abortion , which means that , in addition to its many other benefits , it would save millions of Americans from having to choose between their conscience and their health .
UPDATE 2 - VOTING DEVELOPMENTS :
Charlie Wilson is definitely a YES , considers the bill a PRO - LIFE BILL :
I am confident that the language in the Senate bill ensures that there will be no federal funding for abortions .
It is important to remember that according to a Harvard Medical School study , an estimated 45,000 people die each year – that ’s one American every 12 minutes – in part because they lack health insurance and access to quality health care .
We must value their lives as well .
At this point , I am confident that the Senate language upholds all of my pro-life values .
Marcy Kaptur leaning
Yes :
One of the key undecided members of Congress on health reform , U.S. Rep. Marcy Kaptur ( D. , Toledo ) , remained uncommitted yesterday but said she is " leaning " in favor of the bill after getting some personal attention from President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
" I am leaning toward voting for the bill if we can properly deal with the abortion issue and we are fast about that task , " Miss Kaptur said .
UPDATE 3 :
Retired bishop endorses bill , breaks with former cohorts .
Has the damn burst yet ?
Please tell me it has ...
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Do vaccines for children cause autism ?
That question has vexed parents since a 1998 study suggested there was a connection .
But on Tuesday , Lancet , the medical journal that published the article , fully retracted the study , calling it " utterly false .
"
Some are greeting the retraction with a sort of grim joy -- for them , the victory comes much too late .
Others , reflecting on the furious debate , lament the the politicization of science .
Still more say the retraction is unlikely to change the minds of countless parents who cling to hope that autism -- if caused by vaccines - - may be reversable .
Here 's how the massive opinion swell is breaking down :
By Ian Johnson and Phred Dvorak
Are the Vancouver Olympics anti-marmot ?
That 's the question being posed by a group of slightly tongue - in - cheek activists who are asking why one of the games ' most popular figures , Mukmuk the marmot , is n't a mascot but a " sidekick . "
A group of protesters want him to be given equal mascot status and have been ...
Best Friends Forever 3
83 % - 1796 Votes
Your objective in this character co-operation game is to help 3 friends who got stuck in a mine .
Have them work together in order to reach the exit door in each level .
Use the ARROW KEYS to move and SPACEBAR to switch the miners .
Alternatively you can use 1 - 3 NUMBER KEYS to switch friends .
Good luck !
PITTSBURGH , March 18 ( UPI ) -- Campus police at Carnegie - Mellon University in Pittsburgh are investigating the mystery of the spray - painted chickens .
The chickens were discovered wandering the campus during the weekend , the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette reported .
Casey Brown , a volunteer called in for a chicken roundup , said one bird , with a chest painted pink , was in the student center , while another , decked out in silver , was on a racquetball court .
Others were found near some fraternity houses .
Advertisement
Beth McMaster , a wildlife rehabilitator in the Pittsburgh area , is now caring for the birds and says they are victims of animal cruelty .
She said the paint cannot be removed , is toxic to the birds and could harm them if they ingest it as it flakes off .
The chickens also appeared not to have been fed for days , she said , and at least two have respiratory problems .
The university issued a brief statement saying the incident is under investigation and that any discipline involved is an internal matter .
This website uses cookies for analytics , personalization , and advertising .
Please review our cookie policy to learn more or to change your cookie settings .
By continuing to browse , you agree to our use of cookies .
Close *
With Brad Friedman & Desi Doyen ...
Desi Doyen Byon 3/9/2010 , 1:26 pm PT
TWITTER : @GreenNewsReport
Now available via Stitcher Radio's way cool mobile phone app !
Listen on your iPhone , Android , Palm Pre and BlackBerry !
IN TODAY'S RADIO REPORT : The Arctic is venting ;
Food poisoning is expensive ;
Texas is breaking wind ( records , that is ) ; Limbaugh and cow farts ...
PLUS : The ' greenest '
Oscars yet ...
All that and more in today 's Green News Report !
Got comments , tips , love letters , hate mail ?
Drop us a line at GreenNews@BradBlog.com or right here at the comments link below .
All GNRs are always archived at GreenNews .
BradBlog.com .
Link : Embed : Listen online here , or Download MP3 ( 6 mins ) ...
IN 'GREEN NEWS EXTRA ' : Shocker : Oil co. exec says U.S. should move slowly on renewables ;
Air pollution costs California hundreds of millions in health care ; Coal - ash sites polluting water ; Asia - produced ozone making its way to U.S ; Scientists discover why sunshine & Vitamin D is crucial ; Challenging conventional wisdom on renewable energy ’s limits ; Using behavioral science to craft smarter energy policy ...
PLUS : New research : synthetic nitrogen destroys soil carbon , undermines soil health ...
Info / links on those stories and all the ones we talked about on today 's episode follow below ...
' GREEN NEWS EXTRA ' :
More green news not covered in today 's audio report ...
According to former DICE CEO Fredrik Liliegren , the red - hot Battlefield franchise wo n't be taking a hit in the quality department any time soon .
Speaking to Gaming Union , Liliegren shared his thoughts on the long - awaited PC sequel , saying " I think it 's going to absolutely blow everyone away , but I can't tell you what it is , but it will blow people away . "
Though Liliegren left DICE in 2006 to start Antic Entertainment , he saw the early prototypes for Battlefield 3 before he left .
" I know what they were talking about on the PC side for [ the next ]
Battlefield , and they have n't announced any of that yet , after three years , so I know what 's coming , and I still can't talk about it because I 'm still under NDA [ non- disclosure agreement ] , " he said .
While the NDA prevented him from talking about specific game features , he also used the opportunity to take a shot at the rival Call of Duty franchise .
" That 's why it 's going to blow people away , because it 's not Modern Warfare 2 PC , it 's not that experience , " he said .
The hype reflects what former EA COO John Pleasants said about the game last year .
“ I ’ve had the luxury of looking at Battlefield 3 over at DICE in Sweden and was highly impressed by the way the team is working on that product , ” he remarked .
“ Of course , that ’s not [ coming out ] in the fiscal year , but that is a product that is looking very good . ”
As a die - hard Battlefield 2 fan , I 've been waiting for news about this game forever .
With Bad Company 2 shipping next week , maybe we can look for an announcement in the coming months .
[ via Gaming Union ]
In a significant judgment having national ramifications , the Andhra Pradesh High Court on Monday struck down the 4 per cent reservation provided by the State government to selected sections of Muslims in education and public employment .
These sections were categorised as additional “ E ” group and included in the existing Backward Classes enjoying reservation , first through an ordinance and then legislation .
Five judges on the Bench allowed the writ petitions challenging this Act 26 of 2007 , while two differed with this view .
The report of the A.P. Commission for Backward Classes , which was relied upon by the government for extending the reservation , came in for severe criticism by the judges .
Declaring the A.P. Reservation in favour of Socially Educationally Backward Classes of Muslims Act , 2007 “ unsustainable , ” the five judges opined that the Act “ is religion - specific and potentially encourages religious conversions . ”
The majority judgment pronounced by Chief Justice A.R.
Dave said the government ’s action was based solely upon the findings and recommendations of the report of the Commission , and the procedural error committed by the Commission was fatal to its report and its consequent recommendations .
Chief Minister K. Rosaiah directed Advocate - General D.V. Seetharama Murthy to immediately take action for filing a Special Leave Petition in the Supreme Court against the judgment .
He reiterated the government ’s commitment to providing 4 per cent reservation to the Backward Class Muslims .
Barring the BJP , all political parties expressed concern at the judgment and wanted the government to take steps to restore the quota .
This is the third time the government is facing an embarrassment over the quota for Muslims .
To keep its election promise , the government had issued an administrative order in 2004 providing 5 per cent reservation for all Muslims , relying on a report by the A.P. Minorities Finance Corporation .
This was struck down by the High Court .
The government then constituted a BC commission and , based on its report , brought about the enactment in 2005 , which was again rejected by the court .
In the latest judgment on Monday , the court said that it was deplorable that the BC Commission was not even aware of the total population of the groups of Muslims selected for inclusion in the E category among the Backward Classes .
It found the sample survey faulty and the quick survey in the name and style of fast track method was termed “ hit and run method . ”
The court said the BC Commission failed to formulate the criteria for identifying the backward classes among the Muslims and simply conducted a household survey in places close to its hand .
The 137 - page judgment was given by Chief Justice Dave on behalf of himself , Justice A. Gopala Reddy , Justice V. Eswariah and Justice Goda Raguram .
Justice T. Meena Kumari gave a separate judgment running to 77 pages allowing the writ petitions , but giving different reasons .
Justice B. Prakasha Rao and Justice D.S.R. Varma differed with the findings of the five judges .
Let ’s run a simple experiment .
Try saying out loud without pausing all the words you know ( or ask a friend to do that ) .
The first ten words would be no problem .
Then you ’d start looking around and naming things in the room — perhaps ten more .
Then you ’d be able to recall a handful of peculiar words from the back of your vocabulary .
And then you would run out of words and stop .
Iceland is shown here covered in a white blanket of ice and snow .
Low layers of clouds float over the Greenland Sea ( left ) and the Atlantic Ocean ( bottom ) .
Iceland ’s southern , low - lying coastlines are greyish - tan , while the rest of the island remains pristine white .
The explosion of a volcano on the tiny island nation of Iceland late Saturday night is a part of the continuing process that created the spit of land in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean .
Iceland sits smack dab on the front lines of the battle between pieces of the Earth 's crust that move around and cause earthquakes and volcanoes as they slide past , under and over each other .
The small European nation is situated on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , a seam in the Earth 's surface under the North Atlantic Ocean where the Eurasian and North American plates slide apart .
The Ridge includes a deep rift valley that runs along its axis , from which magma from Earth 's roiling mantle , or the slab of material just below the planet 's outer layer called the crust , seeps upward and erupts from the seafloor as lava .
That lava hardens into new crust atop the two diverging plates .
The plates move apart along the Mid-Atlantic Ridge an average of about 1 inch per year ( 2.5 centimeters per year ) , or 15.5 miles ( 25 km ) in a million years , according to the United States Geological Survey .
Iceland 's position means that it is a hotspot for geologic activity , including earthquakes , volcanic eruptions and geysers ( which provide Iceland with abundant geothermal energy ) .
The island nation has more than 200 volcanoes .
It was its volcanic activity that is thought to have created Iceland .
The pocket of magma that sits beneath Iceland is thought to be what created the island , as hot lava rose to the surface of the ocean , where it cooled and gradually accumulated into an island beginning about 70 million years ago , according to San Francisco 's Exploratorium museum .
The evolution of the island continues through the same processes that created it , with volcanoes erupting every so often and new fissure appearing along their slopes .
The volcano that erupted this weekend , called Eyjafjallajokull ( AYA - feeyapla - yurkul ) , had n't erupted in almost 200 years , according to press reports .
[ See other volcanoes erupting ]
One of the youngest islands in the world formed in much the same way as Iceland :
The island of Surtsey rose above the ocean in a series of eruptions between Nov. 8 , 1963 and June 5 , 1968 .
Iceland is not as harsh a place as it might be .
It 's closeness to the Arctic Circle is softened by the tail end of the Gulf Stream Current , which flows up through the Atlantic Ocean bringing heat from the tropics , according to NASA .
Large portions of Iceland thaw each summer .
Still , with widespread lava fields , cold deserts , and the tundra that dominates the northern parts of the island , only about 20 - 25 percent of the island is habitable , mostly along the south and eastern coasts , scientists say .
BMX legend Dave Mirra , the current record holder for most X Games medals ( 24 as of X Games 15 ) has been diagnosed with bacterial meningitis and is currently hospitalized in the Greenville , NC area .
Sources close to Mirra said that he has shown steady improvement since starting antibiotic therapy .
Reportedly , his fever is coming down and his vitals are good , but doctors still need to run tests to determine the type of bacteria he was infected with .
Mirra entered the hospital late last week , but could return home as early as tomorrow .
" Dave is doing great .
It 's a miracle he 's alive .
We are possibly going home tomorrow but he will have to be on antibiotic IV for two weeks .
We will have a nurse helping us at home , " said Mirra 's wife Lauren earlier today .
News of Mirra 's condition began to spread via Twitter and Facebook on Friday , with the phrase " Positive energy goes out to Dave Mirra " being re-tweeted throughout the BMX world by friends , fellow pros , industry insiders and fans .
On Sunday , the news was confirmed via Mirra 's official Dave Mirra Facebook page , stating " [ Dave ] is on antibiotics and we are praying for a full recovery . "
In 1995 , Mirra was injured riding while riding vert , and underwent a splenectomy .
As a result , Mirra has an increased susceptibility to infection by bacteria .
Bacterial meningitis is an inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord .
If left untreated , bacterial meningitis can result in brain damage , hearing loss or learning disabilities .
Bacterial meningitis can be treated with a number of effective antibiotics .
It is important , however , that treatment be started early in the course of the disease .
Dave Mirra , 35 , is an undisputed BMX legend and full - time BMX and Rally Car professional .
A longtime resident of the Greenville , NC area , Mirra rose to fame in the late ' 80s as an expert vert and flatland rider , turning pro for GT Bicycles in 1991 .
In 1995 , Mirra won a silver medal for vert in the inaugural X Games , and has medaled in every X Games since , holding the record for most medals won by an athlete ( currently at 24 . )
In 2006 , Mirra founded MirraCo Bicycles .
Currently , Mirra continues to ride at a professional level ( earning a bronze medal in Big Air at XG15 and second overall in year end standings for Dew Tour park ' 09 ) and also races rally cars on a professional level .
His sponsors include Bell Helmets , MirraCo Bike Company , Pahr , DC Shoes , Monster Energy , Maxxis Tires , Oxy and Subaru .
From all of us at ESPN Action Sports , positive energy goes out to Dave Mirra .
We will be updating this story as we receive more information .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Sean Hannity is proud of noting that “ every penny ” from his Freedom Concerts goes to scholarships for the children of killed or injured veterans .
But in a legal complaint filed today , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) and VoteVets dispute that claim .
The concerts , which are presented by the Fox News star and feature entertainers such as Lynyrd Skynyrd , purportedly donate their entire proceeds to Freedom Alliance , a non-profit led by Lt. Col.
Oliver North .
In turn , Freedom Alliance says it directs all of this money to a scholarship program for veterans ’ kids .
“ Every penny , 100 percent of the donations are applied to the Freedom Alliance scholarship fund , ” Hannity has claimed .
North has made similar statements , remarking , “ There ’s no overhead .
There ’s no expenses taken out .
Every penny that ’s donated or that ’s raised through things like the Freedom Concerts goes to the scholarship fund . ”
( A giant “ Thank you !
Sean Hannity ” currently appears on Freedom Alliance ’s homepage . )
CREW ’s complaint , lodged with the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) , alleges that Hannity and Freedom Concerts have been dishonest in suggesting that the entirety of the revenues from ticket sales goes straight to a scholarship fund .
Freedom Alliance does not actually manage the concerts , Crew discovered via a Freedom of Information request and promotional materials .
Instead , they ’re organized by a middleman — a promotional company called Premiere Marketing .
The firm is headed by Duane Ward , who is also the president of Premiere Motivational Speakers Bureau , which represents both Hannity and North and has a “ long history in conservative activism . ”
Ward previously worked for Jerry Falwell ’s Moral Majority and ran North ’s legal defense fund following the Iran - Contra scandal in the late 1980s .
Premiere in turn donates an “ unknown portion of the concert proceeds to the Freedom Alliance , ” alleges CREW .
“ We have no idea how much money it actually is , ” CREW executive director Melanie Sloan told reporters on Monday .
But CREW argues that Hannity and Freedom Alliance ’s claims that the revenues go directly to scholarships amounts to “ illegal and deceptive marketing practices . ”
In a conference call , CREW said its investigation indicates that Hannity and Freedom Alliance have “ spent much more money on fund - raising and mailing ” than on actual donations .
CREW also alleges that Freedom Alliance has misled contributors about the sums they ’ve given directly to the fund through concerts and other donations .
The government watchdog ’s investigation found that Freedom Concerts held in 2009 in Texas and Nevada grossed $ 621,792 and $ 520,840 , respectively .
If every concert grossed a low - end estimate of $ 500,000 , the 18 concerts since 2003 would have brought in a cool $ 9 million .
However , on its tax forms , Freedom Alliance claims to have only given $ 2.5 million to the scholarship fund since 2003 .
( CREW estimates that the group could not have given more than $ 2.1 million during this period . )
CREW also found that the ticket price for at least one concert included a $ 4 “ fee ” that went to the Alliance as a donation and not to the scholarship fund .
CREW has also filed a second complaint with the Internal Revenue Service arguing that North ’s Freedom Alliance has violated its status as a 501 ( c ) 3 charity by “ engaging in prohibited political activities . ”
When the group was first formed in 1999 , the IRS granted it charitable tax status on the condition that it remove politically partisan material from its website , CREW notes .
However , there are still numerous links on the organization ’s website to North ’s charged political columns .
The group also sells its mailing lists to conservative communications firms like Eberle & Associates ( “ America ’s Trust Conservative Fund Raiser ” ) and and the Richard Norman Company ( “ the premier communications firm for candidates , non-profits , PAC’s , and affiliated organizations that seek to reach Republicans and conservatives across the United States ” ) .
And it hosts an annual “ Freedom Cruise ” with top Republican politicians — including former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele .
CREW ’s investigation into the group ’s tax forms also turned up a questionable relationship with Team America PAC , the anti-immigration group run by former Republican Rep. Tom Tancredo ( Col. ) and Bay Buchanan .
Some of the accusations in CREW ’s complaints echo those raised by right - wing blogger Debbie Schlussel , who has also questioned whether Freedom Alliance really donates all the concert proceeds to scholarships .
Freedom Alliance has dismissed those questions as baseless .
“ The smear - mongers who have launched this politically motivated witch hunt against Freedom Alliance will be proven wrong as we aggressively defend ourselves in the days and weeks ahead , ” said Freedom Alliance President Tom Kilgannon in a statement .
The friendly green monster Shrek , the blue - skinned Na'vi of the planet Pandora and Wayne Rooney 's shots on goal will shortly take on a new , three - dimensional glory .
Spurred on by the success of the Hollywood fantasy blockbuster Avatar , the world 's top electronics companies believe they can make 3D television sets the norm for consumers in the US and Europe within three years .
The Korean company Samsung kicks off the industry - wide push – and battle for brand supremacy – by launching a 3D range that will be in British shops by the end of the month .
Billed as the world 's first high definition , three - dimensional LED televisions , Samsung 's range will be serenaded by the Black Eyed Peas at a glitzy global marketing debut in New York tomorrow .
At a press conference today , Samsung said its televisions and Blu-ray devices will come with a starter pack of two pairs of 3D glasses and a Blu-ray version of Monsters vs Aliens under a tie - up with the movie studio DreamWorks Animation .
" It 's quite simply the entertainment revolution of our time , " said DreamWorks ' chief executive , Jeffrey Katzenberg .
" It 's as important as the introduction of sound or colour . "
Keen to get in on the act , the Japanese company Panasonic will sell its first 3D television at a BestBuy electronics shop in Manhattan this week .
And Sony , which expects to begin selling its sets in June , has set an ambitious target of selling 2.5 m 3D televisions by March 2011 – amounting to roughly one tenth of all its global television sales .
In British shops , John Lewis 's vision buyer , David Kempner , said he expected demand to be a " slowburn " , with an opening price point of £ 2,000 .
" HD is still a relatively new concept and consumers are just getting used to it but 3D will be the next big thing .
Given it has the support of all the major manufacturers , 3D technology has got momentum of its own but it also requires content providers to support it and there is a time lag there . "
Experts say that 3D televisions are likely to enjoy mainstream uptake because the technology behind them barely costs any more than existing sets .
To achieve three dimensions , manufacturers need more powerful processors but the fundamental make - up of the television changes only marginally .
The only substantial extra cost is making 3D glasses .
" The add - on cost of manufacturing is n't significant , " said Jim Bottoms , director of the technology consulting company Futuresource .
" Set makers are starting to incorporate 3D in higher - end televisions this year .
Very quickly , certainly by 2015 , virtually every full - sized television will have 3D capability . "
Although pricing for British shops is yet to be finalised , Sony 's 3D televisions range in Japan from around £ 2,150 for a 40in set to double that amount for a 60in model , while Samsung is charging $ 2,000 ( £ 1,350 ) to $ 4,000 in American stores .
Sport and films will be the early applications for 3D home entertainment .
Under a deal with Sony , Sky has already begun showing certain Premier League matches in pubs on 3D televisions and this summer 's World Cup could be a watershed for the technology :
Sony will film 25 matches in South Africa using 3D cameras .
The opening ceremony of Vancouver 's Winter Olympics was available in 3D .
More than 20 movies in 3D are scheduled for release this year , including Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland , which topped Britain 's cinema box office charts at the weekend .
Mainstream television programming will take longer .
The BBC and ITV have expressed interest in experimenting with 3D content .
But Bottoms said everyday shows were unlikely to go 3D until technology arrives to eliminate the need for special glasses , which is thought to be up to five years away .
" We see the next three to five years as being ' event - driven ' for 3D .
When we get to a glass - less solution , then we 'll really see 3D become more pervasive , " he said .
It has taken decades even to get to this point .
The first 3D film , The Power of Love , was made back in 1922 and dozens of movies came out in the 1950s including such gems as Creature from the Black Lagoon .
But a key problem was " 3D fatigue " whereby viewers ' eyes became tired from distinguishing the twin images needed to create depth perception .
Samsung 's president of visual display products , Boo Keun Yoon , told the Guardian that 3D fatigue killed off three - dimensional filming in the 20th century but that new techniques have overcome this lingering problem by creating a more consistent image .
" We 've recently had developments in how 3D films are shot , " said Yoon .
" I believe 2010 will be the year of the 3D television revolution .
Probably by the end of this year , we 'll see an explosive growth in demand . "
A dispute at a Lancaster movie theater during a screening of " Shutter Island " ended when a man , who had complained about someone nearby talking on a cellphone , was stabbed in the neck with a meat thermometer .
The incident occurred two weeks ago at the Cinemark 22 theater in Lancaster , according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department .
The theater was packed for a 9 p.m.
Saturday screening of the Martin Scorsese horror movie when the victim complained about a woman near him who was using a cellphone during the show .
She and two men with her left the movie theater .
Two men returned a few minutes later and stabbed the victim , said sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore .
" It was vicious and cowardly attack , " Whitmore said .
The victim , who was not identified , was hospitalized with serious injuries
Two other moviegoers who came to the victim's aid were also were hurt during the fight , officials said .
The attackers are still at large .
Anyone with information on the attack is asked to contact the Lancaster sheriff 's station at ( 661 ) 948-8466 .
-- Richard Winton
Ruby is all about the duck - typing .
Most of the time , I am too .
But sometimes , it can lead to some very confusing and very nasty issues .
Suppose you get a variable , h , from someone 's cool helper function , and with it you want to build up a hash of Widgets .
You have millions and billions of Widgets in your database , but you 're only dealing with the most recently added ones .
So you do something like this :
h = get_my_h_now ( ) #
Get the 50 widgets with the highest ids and stick them into h Widget. find ( : all , : limit => 50 , : order => ' id DESC ' ) .map { |w| h[ w.id ] = w }
Pretty innocuous , right ?
I mean , if the code works without errors , it 's all good ... right ?
Right ?
What if the cool helper function you 're using does n't do quite what you expect it to do ?
Let 's say you 're expecting a Hash , but it gives you an Array .
Aw , buckets !
The joy of duck - typing : Your code will still work .
The curse of duck - typing : Your code will still work .
That 's right — treat h as a black box , and ( when keying off of your model 's id ) the outputs are the same .
It quacks just fine ... so what 's the problem ?
What do you suppose the following code outputs ?
Oh , and please : do n't run this snippet in irb ; use the actual ruby interpreter or you 'll never finish reading this article .
widget = { :id => 123456789 , : type => ' Really cool ' , : price => 999.99 } id = widget [ : id ] h = [ ] m = `ps -o rss= -p #{Process.pid}`.to_i puts " Using #{m}kb " h[id ] = widget puts " Memory costs $ # {h[ id ] [ : price ] } per what ??? " m = `ps -o rss= -p #{Process.pid}`.to_i puts " Using #{m}k b "
( hat tip to Laurel Fan for the succinct ruby memory usage syntax )
Surprised by the results ?
Using 1632 kb Memory costs $ 999.99 per what ???
Using 483960 kb
Yikes !
How did storing one little Widget suck up more than 470 megabytes of RAM ?
The answer is all in the value of id and the nature of Ruby 's arrays .
Ruby offers many convenient - yet - dangerous pieces of functionality ( duck - typing , for one ) .
Array has a particular piece of dangerous convenience : dynamic allocation .
You can address positions on an Array that are larger than its current size , and the Array will dynamically resize itself to accommodate .
This is only dangerous because Ruby 's Array s are not sparse ; that is to say , when you address position 1,000,000 on a freshly created Array , Ruby has to allocate and store 1,000,000 nils and all of the pointer and class overhead associated with those nils .
So when you take a widget with id 123,456,789 and attempt to store it , using its id as the position ... whew !
Ruby definitely has its work cut out for it , since you 'll get over its initial 8 - megabyte heap very quickly .
If you do this sort of thing in Rails and you have many requests processing at the same time , your servers will be in swap death pretty quickly .
Chances are high that you wo n't catch an issue like this when using a development database with low - id Models , since you 'll be addressing much lower positions .
Flag Icons
“ Flags ” are 247 icons — in GIF and PNG formats — representing most countries in the world as small pixel icons .
These flag icons are available for free use for any purpose with no requirement for attribution .
Download
Nissan will start taking reservations for the Leaf electric vehicle in April , start building them by October and have the first of them rolling into driveways in December .
The automaker outlined the timeline late Thursday at the end of a 24 - city " Zero - Emission Tour " to build buzz for the Leaf electric car .
The plan closely mirrors that of the Chevrolet Volt , putting Nissan and General Motors neck - and - neck in the race to be the first automaker with a mass - market EV in showrooms .
Nissan has spent three months showing off the Leaf during a coast - to - coast road trip to spread the EV gospel .
The tour kicked off in Los Angeles , where Nissan CEO and avowed EV evangelist Carlos Ghosn said consumers would own the car but lease the battery .
Turns out that wo n't be the case .
There are many good reasons for leasing the battery – not the least of which is it separates the most expensive component from the rest of the car and brings down the sticker price significantly .
But in the end it proved too complex .
There were too many questions about how the car might be insured if Nissan owned the battery , how it might be financed and whether the car payment would include the cost of leasing the battery .
" When you start getting into all of that , it starts getting very complex , " Alan Buddendeck , corporate v.p. of global communications , told Wired.com .
" We want to make this as easy as possible for the consumer .
The objective was to simplify the package by allowing the consumer to go all - in on a purchase or all - in on a lease . "
For those who have n't been following the story , the Leaf is a four - door , five - passenger electric car that offers a claimed range of 100 miles .
It tops out at 90 mph and charges in eight hours when you plug it into a 220 - volt line like your dryer uses .
Plug it into a 110 and you 're looking at a glacial 14 to 15 hours to the get the job done .
It takes a long time to " fill " a 24 kilowatt - hour battery .
At some point we 'll see 440 - volt " quick charge stations " start appearing , at which point you 'll be able to hit an 80 percent charge in a claimed 25 minutes .
As for the car itself , it is comparable to the Versa in size and performance , though the one we played with was much more nicely appointed .
Nissan wo n't say what the car costs until April , but it is shooting for a price in the $ 26,000 to $ 33,000 ballpark .
The latest word is the car could be in the mid-20s after the $ 7,500 federal EV tax credit .
That would seriously undercut the Volt , which General Motors is widely believed to be trying to keep under $ 40,000 before the tax credit , and make it competitive with the Toyota Prius hybrid .
So whattya do if you want one ?
Register at the Leaf website , where Nissan says close to 50,000 people already have signed up .
Registering gets you a spot at the head of the line when it comes time to reserve a car .
Nissan starts taking reservations in April , shortly after it announces the price .
Pony up the $ 100 fee and you 're among the first in line to order a Leaf .
Do n't worry .
The fee is refundable if you decide you want a 370Z instead .
Nissan just wants make sure the people signing up are at least somewhat serious about ordering the car .
Nissan starts taking orders in August .
Cars start rolling off the line by October and into showrooms – and driveways – in December .
That does n't mean everyone who wants one will get one that soon .
It will take at least a couple of months for Nissan to ramp up production and it could be spring before things really get going .
The cars will be built in Japan , but Nissan plans to move production to Smyrna , Tennessee by 2013 .
Nissan needs the time to retool the factory , which it is doing with the help of a $ 1.4 billion loan from the Department of Energy .
Buddendeck would n't say how many cars Nissan plans to produce in the first year , but the Associated Press quotes Carlos Tavares , chairman of Nissan of the Americas , saying 20,000 would be a reasonable figure given early interest in the Leaf .
The company is working with its dealers and local authorities to help consumers navigate the process of installing the charging units needed to keep the car going .
" We want to make sure you do n't have to go from one place to another to another to get a charger installed , " Buddendeck said .
" We want to make this seamless .
We 're doing everything possible to make this as easy as possible for consumers . "
That will be vital to helping the cars succeed , a point BMW discovered during field tests of the Mini - E electric car .
It found the permitting rules varied widely , with some cities making it snap and others making it a pain .
The Leaf will be available in several markets to start , including Washington , Oregon , California , Arizona , New York , Massachusetts , southern Florida and Tennessee , where Nissan has its North American headquarters .
Those markets coincide with the places Nissan has been brokering deals with municipal officials , energy providers and others to develop the infrastructure needed to keep the cars going .
But if someone outside those areas really wants a Leaf and their local Nissan dealer is authorized to service the car , they can probably get one , Buddendeck said .
There 's a good chance people outside those areas will want one .
" It 's been fascinating to see the level of interest and enthusiasm for the electric vehicles we 've seen on this tour , " Buddendeck said .
" It 's not just concentrated in California , or in the coastal areas .
It was exciting because it confirmed we 're onto something here . "
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
See Also :
The shower is a thing of beauty .
Stainless - steel well point buried twenty feet below a cast - iron hand pump connected by gutter pipe to a 55 - gallon drum draining through a garden hose into a propane - fueled heater hooked to an electric pump hooked to a car battery hooked to a gas generator .
Flick a switch , turn a valve , and voilà : a hot shower in the woods .
Roughly three hundred feet down a rutted dirt road , in a dappled expanse of scrub pine and oak on the outskirts of Lakewood , New Jersey , about 40 men and women have made for themselves a provisional home .
Dozens of tents sprawl across several acres .
In addition to the shower , there is an outhouse tent with a flushable toilet pilfered from an old RV .
There ’s a kitchen trailer with a working range .
There ’s a community tent with turquoise leatherette sofas , and a washer and dryer that , when connected to the generator and filled with collected rainwater , operate as a de facto laundromat .
There ’s a chicken coop and a vegetable garden .
There was even once a goat named Molly , passed off to a local farm because no one could stomach the taste of her milk .
The camp looks something like the scene of an extended hunting trip , but it is in fact a homeless encampment — possibly the largest in the tri-state area , not that any governmental body has bothered to keep track .
Some call it Cedar Bridge , after the nearest paved road .
At night , its residents gather around campfires telling Tales of My Homelessness .
Some begin with a release from jail , others with a failed business , a failed marriage , a failed drug test , or a failed ability to deal with the daily grind of a nine - to - five .
Michael ’s story began in New York City , where his work as a union electrician dwindled with the Dow .
“ I was working with my landlord .
I would send him 500 bucks , 300 bucks .
Then finally I got a summons to appear in court . ”
“ Do n’t you just love that ? ” asks Mary Beth , who is playing hostess tonight outside her low polyester tent .
“ Three days later , I ’m walking up to the apartment , I see the doorknob is different .
There ’s a sticker on the door : NO TRESPASSING .
TENANT HAS BEEN EVICTED .
Well , I managed to salvage what I wanted . ”
Mary Beth nods in understanding .
“ I had the same thing happen , but I made sure I kept the windows unlocked , and I crawled through at night . ”
This was after she had been fired from Wal - Mart in what she believes to be a systematic effort to rid the company of full - time employees .
“ Wal - Mart sucks . ”
Her first night at the camp , listening to all the unknown noises of the forest , she was petrified .
The next day she met Big Gerry , who had lost his house and his wife after his fitness center failed .
She moved into his tent that night .
Tonight is frigid , the first unexpected cold snap of fall .
Down the pathway , other fires flicker like a string of Chinese lanterns .
Flashlights pass in the distance .
A church group has arrived bearing large tins of pasta and salad .
Tracy , who has recently assumed the role of one of the camp ’s leaders , pauses in front of Big Gerry ’s fire to spread the word .
“ There are people with food down there — kids and a lady .
If anybody wants to go see what they have , now would be the time . ”
She perks up , remembering a bit of gossip about a new arrival to camp .
“ You seen the new kid yet ?
Wait until you see his face .
He is cute as hell .
He ’s about 19 .
Tall , thin , lanky .
But he has no brains ! ”
“ Guess what he asked Mary Beth , ” Big Gerry interjects .
“ ‘ What time do they come down here to pick up the laundry ? ’ ”
The absurdity of the question gets a rousing laugh out of everyone .
“ I said , ‘ Excuse me ? ’ ” Mary Beth feigns mock indignation .
“ Well , ” says Big Gerry , looking at her across the flame .
“ We ’ll be out of here soon . ”
They say it was once a dumping ground , but besides a few oddities found here and there — a rusted gun , a license plate from 1932 — there ’s no evidence of that now .
The expanse is verdant and shadowed , with trees towering over a swath of land cleared of undergrowth in a long - ago forest fire .
An idyllic place to set up camp .
Or so thought the Reverend Steve Brigham when he stumbled across it three years ago .
He had a job with a high - voltage electrical contractor for the Port Authority — changing lightbulbs on the Bayonne Bridge — and made decent money .
But since 1999 , when God called upon him to help the homeless , he ’s been providing the down - and - out he meets in Lakewood with provisional comfort : a tent , a sleeping bag , a propane heater .
Years ago , Steve had toyed with being homeless himself , living for long stretches of time in campers and tents and buses .
Once he and his former wife drove out West to sleep on beaches and in canyons for five months .
They tried to consume as little as possible , to live close to the rhythms of the land .
There was a difference , of course , between the destitute homelessness he encountered through his church work and this kind of voluntary camping .
But Steve related to the vagabond , meager lifestyle , and he started searching for some place better to send the Lakewood homeless community , a place where one might even choose to live .
When Richie , a longtime itinerant who was living behind an industrial park , asked for help in finding a home , Steve bought a tent and started hiking through the woods .
He found the clearing off Cedar Bridge Avenue , and moved Richie there in the spring of 2007 .
The camp has been attracting residents ever since .
A few newcomers would appear every month , and Steve responded by giving them each a plot of land .
“ There was no structure , ” he says .
“ I was just eyeing out places that looked good in the area and setting people up . ”
By 2008 Steve realized that Cedar Bridge was becoming a permanent fixture — and a permanent home to certain residents — and that it was growing faster than any other homeless enclave in the area .
He became more ambitious , reasoning that if he consolidated his efforts , he could make a sustainable , even thriving community out of Cedar Bridge .
He began building a system of rudimentary services to provide the residents with rigged - up approximations of modern life .
About a year ago , having quit his job to fully focus on his mission , he moved into the camp himself .
Lakewood is an easy hour ’s commute from Manhattan and part of a county that , for most of the last decade , was the fastest - growing in New Jersey .
The former resort town might seem to be the sort of place that would offer a soft landing , but it has been shaken hard by the recession ; people there have little economic cushion , and the few social services available were not prepared for an onslaught of poverty .
There are currently more than 1,000 homeless in Ocean County , but the one homeless shelter has only four beds .
“ They seem to think that if they do n’t offer them anything , the homeless will just go away , ” Steve says .
Last March , there were twenty people living in Cedar Bridge ; by the end of the year , the population had more than doubled .
Not that living in the woods is easy .
Drinking water must still be carted in from town .
Perishables quickly perish .
Cell phones must be charged with a generator .
A few of the residents have found employment — Darren has a job at a grocery store , and Little Jerry works at a car wash — but besides odd day jobs , most rely on Social Security , unemployment , or welfare .
Getting work or a bank account or even food from a food pantry requires I.D. , and those tend to disappear when you have no place for safekeeping .
Yet even a cursory survey of the tents suggests that the camp is more than just scraping by .
One has a fully stocked bookshelf .
Another houses a chifforobe .
The neighborhood beautification award goes to Nina , the Polish lady , who has festooned her camper with exotic fans and stuffed bears , and surrounded it with planters and tiki torches .
All things considered , Cedar Bridge is a rather improbable success , as much commune as way station .
“ I think this is the best structure that a homeless person could hope for , ” Steve boasts .
“ It ’s as good as it can get . ”
The biggest issue facing the camp is heat .
Last winter , Steve spent over $ 2,000 a month on propane , but with donations having dropped by more than half from an annual high of $ 50,000 , he fears he can no longer afford the fuel .
His solution : 16 - foot - tall ventilated tepees constructed out of wooden two - by - threes , wrapped in a hide of industrial plastic , and heated by wood - burning stoves .
This idea of drawing fuel from the forest appeals to Steve , whose call to serve the homeless dovetails with a personal philosophy of social progress .
“ I believe we have to go back to natural renewable systems as a society , ” he explains , “ and I thought that implementing this with the homeless would be a nice place to start . ”
He refers to Cedar Bridge as a “ laboratory experiment , ” one in which he can test the back - to - basics , sustainable way of life he feels is not only advisable but increasingly necessary .
Working with those who have dropped out of society , he envisions building a new one , harmonious and self - reliant , infused with Puritan restraint .
“ People have been geared to think that the path of least resistance is the ideal , ” he says .
“ We ’re trying to show them a system in a microcosm and showcase to people that it does work . ”
But trying to build a Utopia in a forest in New Jersey would be a daunting task for even the most committed idealists , which the residents of Cedar Bridge are decidedly not .
Steve has set few rules for the camp , understanding that people who wind up homeless are usually not good rule - followers , and that holding them to a stricter behavioral standard than even the average person , as many shelters do , can be counterproductive .
He expects people not to bring drugs into the vicinity , to do their share to keep the camp tidy , and not to drink to the point of becoming a public nuisance .
Otherwise , he has let the camp more or less run itself .
Over the course of its three - year existence , Cedar Bridge has experimented with almost every kind of social governance , from a band of loose alliances to a tribalist society to a pseudo - monarchy to a democracy prone to bouts of anarchy .
The camp ’s first self - appointed leaders , a couple called Frankie and Dragon , ruled with an iron fist .
Frankie weighed close to 300 pounds and liked to be called “ The Queen . ”
She hoarded the camp ’s donations , sharing them discriminatingly .
When she “ programmed up ” and left with Dragon in the fall of 2008 , power shifted from her tent at the west end of camp to the east , where a couple named Benny and T. were gathering tents of friends around them .
Benny and T. were involved in “ drama , ” which in camp terminology means drugs .
Steve has always hoped that the two sides of the campground , separated by a footpath , would share supplies and cooperate .
But as new members arrived , they tended to gravitate to one or the other , largely along racial lines : Mexicans and whites at the west end , African - Americans at the east .
Everyone but a few Puerto Ricans got along with the Mexicans , who , thanks to a language barrier , mostly kept to themselves .
But between the other groups , an attitude developed that both sides describe as “ the hell with everybody else . ”
Donations dropped off on one side tended to disappear there .
If one group ran out of food or propane , it could n’t rely on the other to provide it .
Each side felt that it was being more generous than the other .
Steve had heard the grumbling around camp , but he had n’t realized he was dealing with a full - blown coup .
This summer ushered in an era of representative government when the residents of Cedar Bridge agreed to grant control to two recent arrivals , Mike and Tracy .
Mike , a construction worker and Lakewood native , was a familiar face to many , though this is his first experience with homelessness .
Tracy ’s is more of a chronic case , as a felony on her record has made it difficult for her to find work .
An interracial couple , they plunked down their tent right in the middle of the camp and mostly put an end to the squabbling .
They are a charismatic pair — he playing the cool cat to her mother hen — and their ascendancy is as close to a majority vote as Cedar Bridge is ever likely to get .
They ’ve taken their roles seriously .
A veteran waitress , Tracy often cooks for the camp , whether it ’s hot dogs on the grill or something more elaborate , concocted from whatever happens to have been donated .
( “ I ’m making something crazy , ” she announces one night , throwing Romaine lettuce into a pan of sizzling bacon . )
Mike keeps the keys to the storage tents , dispensing canned goods and toilet paper as needed .
His supervision ensures that no one hoards donations or , worse , “ trades them for crack , ” as has been known to happen .
“ You have to keep a good sense of what ’s going where , who ’s using it , ” he says .
Today a large donation of clothes has been dropped off , and Tracy has been organizing it , putting aside little piles for different people .
Now she meanders through camp , peddling goods .
“ Men ’s briefs !
Brand - new ! 32-34s ! ”
About a third of the camp ’s residents are women , and , lucky for Tracy , no one is the exact same size .
It ’s not easy to “ shop ” in the dark , but once back at the donation tent , she pushes her glasses up on her nose , perches a flashlight on a defunct washing machine , and starts systematically going through trash bags .
“ I do n’t know about this brown shirt .
I do n’t think the buttons look right , ” she says , placing it to the side .
She holds a pair of jeans up to the light .
“ Hmmm … these are small .
They may fit the new girl . ”
She starts a pile .
Not all the donated clothes are necessarily camp - appropriate , but few people expect to be there forever , and as Tracy explains , “ Nicer clothes are donated than I could ever afford . ”
At one point , she holds out a slinky black skirt with a long slit up the back .
“ This is cute , ” she says .
“ Okay , you can put a pair of high heels on , a nice cami … Burgundy shoes !
Burgundy shoes would really kick that .
I could wear it for Christmas . ”
Later she stumbles across a bag with teddies , a miniskirt , and a string bikini the size of a cocktail napkin , all of which get divvied up .
A pregnant woman named Cynthia wanders in and pounces on a stretchy denim jumpsuit ( “ Oh , I so want that .
Oh , fuck yeah ! ” ) before Tracy pushes a box of maternity clothes in her direction .
In the box is the find of the night — a prenatal heart listener with the batteries still working — though a bag of purses also causes excitement .
The women check them for forgotten cash before Cynthia selects a snakeskin clutch for her growing pile .
How is she going to get all this to fit in her tent , she wonders .
Tracy laughs and shakes her head .
“ Nobody ’s going to be allowed to go shopping with me anymore . ”
At the end of October , the cold eases into a perfect Indian summer .
The residents of Cedar Bridge mill around the picnic tables in T - shirts , grilling hamburgers , playing cards .
It ’s easy to forget that any day now , winter will be bearing down .
That thought has not escaped Tracy .
Unlike Steve , she has no interest in sticking around Cedar Bridge any longer than necessary .
Her criminal record makes it difficult to qualify for subsidized housing , and though she ’s put in applications , she still ca n’t manage to get a job .
Without a job , her prospects for getting an apartment are dim .
Without an apartment , she ca n’t get an address , which she needs in order to receive a loan to attend beauty school .
Mike has passed the drug test at Wal - Mart and is waiting on the background check , which he ’s sure he will pass , but it ’s been a few weeks since he ’s heard anything .
Tracy does n’t want to spend the holidays in a tent , but she consoles herself by telling Mike that at least here she feels needed .
A lot has been happening at the camp .
Three of the Mexicans disappeared , and everyone fears that they were picked up by Immigration .
An older man named Aaron had to go to the hospital in the middle of the night because of fluid around his heart .
Another pregnant couple moved in .
Petey , one of the remaining Mexicans , learned that his mother had died , and so the camp pooled its money to help him get a rush passport and transportation back to Puebla for the funeral .
The camp ’s two Frankies , normally friendly and mild - mannered guys , caused a scene when Little Frankie made a pass at Big Frankie ’s wife , Zenayda , at which point Big Frankie smashed him over the head with a half - empty beer bottle , leading to a trip to the emergency room and fifteen stitches .
Cynthia asked Tracy to be the surrogate grandmother of her baby .
Cynthia then fought with her boyfriend , Ellwood , and ran away for the night , threatening to have the baby aborted .
And , in order to get away from Big Frankie , Little Frankie was the first of the residents to move into one of Steve ’s sustainable tepees , which everyone else has decided is not worth the bother .
But the event that threatens most to destabilize the camp begins with a call to Steve late one afternoon .
A woman from El Salvador had been fired from her job as a live - in maid when her employer became frustrated with her level of English .
She has no papers , nowhere to go — and she has a 9 - year - old son .
The residents of Cedar Bridge have often clashed with Steve on whether to accept newcomers , worried that his open - border policy will strain resources and cause problems in town .
Technically speaking , Steve is no longer supposed to bring new people to the camp .
The township recognizes Cedar Bridge to the extent that it collects its garbage , but the mayor has made it clear that he does not want the camp to grow .
This is a compromise that Steve has often breached .
“ If somebody comes to me and does n’t have a place to go , I ’m going to give them a tent , ” he says .
Rumors have been circulating through camp all fall that Lakewood will shut down — maybe even bulldoze — Cedar Bridge , making Steve ’s willingness to accept a child seem almost careless .
Mike speaks to him on behalf of the camp .
“ For the most part , I think that ’s pushing the limit .
The first time you get a child down here , they ’re gonna want to know how that child ’s going to school , does that child have shots .
If DYFS ” — the New Jersey Division of Youth and Family Services — “ comes down here with the sheriff ’s department , you can hang this place up . ”
“ If we say we exhausted our options … ” Steve says .
“ The only option this woman had was to be here . ”
“ No , no , no , Steve . ”
“ I ’m not gonna have somebody wander the streets out there . ”
“ Okay , well , you know something ?
All you have to do is make that step and it ’ll be your last with this . ”
Just after dark , a van pulls up to the access road , and a small woman and a tiny boy get out .
Steve leads them down to the Mexican part of camp , hoping that someone can translate his message that they have a place at Cedar Bridge if they want it .
The mother seems mostly concerned about whether Immigration ever visits the camp .
The boy wants to know if he can still go to the same school .
He looks around at the tents nervously .
Everyone stares at him .
Now that he is here , it is obvious even to Steve how out of place a child would be at Cedar Bridge .
Steve says he will make some calls to find someone else who needs a live - in .
For tonight , they are invited to stay with the woman who found them and first contacted Steve , and who now stands wringing her hands and apologizing that she can’t take them in for good .
“ My grandkids live with me , ” she says , “ and they just do n’t understand poverty .
All they understand is video games . ”
On the walk back to the van , the woman and child are silent .
Steve ’s flashlight catches the looming outlines of the tepees .
As the boy passes , campers peer from their tents , thankful to see him go .
By Thanksgiving , mutiny is mounting .
The child ’s visit has spooked everyone , not least because it demonstrated just how impossible it is for Steve to say no .
Plus , Steve has begun inserting himself into the day - to - day operations of the camp , and his growing involvement is viewed as a form of babysitting .
He recently moved into a tepee , as if to show everyone else how it ’s done .
But no one wants to be forced to move , and Steve ’s appeal to sustainability means little to those who see their stay at Cedar Bridge as temporary , and who bristle at the prospect of a winter spent chopping wood .
His tours of the camp are bringing in donations , but everyone ’s a little weary of being part of the dog - and - pony show , and many believe Steve would be able to afford propane if he did n’t share the money donated to Cedar Bridge with other homeless encampments .
When the camp receives a large shipment of Thanksgiving turkeys and Steve delivers some of them elsewhere , protests are made .
When he takes away the generator the following week as punishment for the trash left lying about , indignation rises .
Without a generator , the residents complain , there ’s no hot water .
No one can shower for three days .
In the weeks after Thanksgiving , Tracy and Mike , realizing that Steve is not about to renege on the propane issue or any others , hatch a plan to take control of Cedar Bridge by aligning themselves with the township .
Along with a couple recruits from camp , they arrange a covert meeting with Lakewood ’s Fair Housing officer , who agrees that Mike should assume Steve ’s role as the Cedar Bridge representative in town .
Mike says he thinks he ’s found someone willing to supply the camp with propane , and together the group starts hashing out ways to circumvent Steve ’s authority .
As evening approaches , Mike and Tracy return to camp , heady with the scent of revolution .
Tracy pops open a beer can as if it were a bottle of bubbly , ticking off the things that have been discussed .
“ We ’re getting our own website for donations , they ’re gonna set up a bank account that ’s administered by a panel , we ’re talking about taking the tepees down , they ’re going to make sure that we have enough propane so everybody has heat , we ’re going to restructure some of the places so they ’re winterized , maybe get the tarps we need to keep the snow off —
Steve ’s not doing any of that . ”
“ He does n’t want to do it , ” Mary Beth interjects .
“ No , ” Tracy agrees .
“ He refuses .
He just keeps bringing new people .
He ’ll bring anybody down here and they can stay here forever , but he wo n’t help them get a job .
He does n’t want people to leave . ”
“ We ca n’t have people in the woods for the rest of their lives , ” says Mike .
Tracy nods .
“ Now we ’re ultimately accountable , not Steve .
If somebody brings new people into this camp , we need to know about it .
As a collective community , we will decide to let people in and out . ”
“ It ’s gotta come through me , ” says Mike .
“ We make the decisions , ” Big Gerry agrees .
“ You know what ?
We ’ll sit down with a pad and whatever and write our shit down , our notes . ”
“ I gotta start giving out different jobs to different people , ” says Mike .
“ Oh , you know I ’m right there — where are the cigarettes ? ”
Mike remains pensive .
“ Let me tell you something .
It ’s a lot to take on , if you ’re not sure that you can handle it .
I mean , me ?
I know I can .
All y’all got to do is help me . ”
“ Right , ” Tracy says .
“ And we need to make it work . ”
Mary Beth raises her can .
“ We ’re trying to make it — ”
“ A functional community ! ” Big Gerry exclaims .
“ A family community ! ”
“ Like … a rural subdivision . ”
“ We should get a ledger sheet from Staples . ”
“ Well , we can do that . ”
“ Yeah !
Let ’s get a ledger sheet . ”
“ First of all , we have to get a system going , and once we get the system going , then we stick with it . ”
“ That ’s that . ”
“ We ’re gonna be responsible for ourselves . ”
“ Can I have a cigarette ? ”
“ No . ”
“ You have to lead by example . ”
“ We ’re going to take what we want .
We ’re going to make the system work for us for a change . ”
“ We gotta do something . ”
“ Right . ”
“ This is a stepping - stone . ”
“ This is a long time coming . ”
“ Can I have a cigarette ? ”
Two weeks before Christmas , the conflict at Cedar Bridge comes to a head .
Mike ’s plan to receive a private donation of propane has moved forward , and his benefactor , a local contractor named Bob , arrives one afternoon to pick up the tanks for refueling .
This takes Steve by surprise .
He had heard the grumbling around camp , of course , but he had n’t realized he was dealing with a full - blown coup .
The propane will thwart , or at the very least delay , his plan to move the residents into tepees .
Do n’t they understand that he ’s looking out for the camp ’s long - term interest ?
When Mike and Bob return from the gas station carrying full twenty - pound tanks , Steve confronts them .
The tanks are his property , he says .
Who will take responsibility if one explodes ?
But Mike is firm in his belief that Steve is denying Cedar Bridge the fuel it needs to survive the winter .
When Bob chains the tanks together and gives
Mike the key , Steve calls the police .
The standoff comes to an uneasy resolution .
“ I just put my cable and lock on top of his chain and lock , and now it takes two keys to open the propane tanks , ” says Steve .
Three days into this shaky détente , a blizzard hits the East Coast , dropping close to two feet of snow on Cedar Bridge — the worst storm anyone can remember spending outdoors .
Half the camp evacuates , going to sleep in church basements or motel rooms , waiting out the worst of it .
Those who remain round up brooms to sweep the roofs of their tents throughout the night .
Most eventually give up , falling asleep in the community tent , where one side begins to buckle under the accumulation despite efforts to bolster it with wooden poles .
By morning , most of the tents have collapsed , their sunken shapes hardly discernable from snowdrifts .
Tracy hides out in her tent , wearing long johns and reading a paperback romance under the covers of her cot .
She ’s resentful of the fact that she worked to save tents longer than their owners did and , in the end , struggled to save her own .
“ I did n’t have to be here , ” she fumes .
“ I could have been in a fucking motel . ”
Her voice turns plaintive .
“ But there are a lot of people here , and what were they going to come back to ? ”
Steve rode out the blizzard much better in his tepee .
“ I lit the fire , got it warm , and then I crawled in and I was fine , ” he says .
In fact , all of his tepees have withstood the storm .
In the community tent , there ’s talk of moving into them once the snow melts — many tent poles have snapped , leaving some residents with no choice .
But despite this partial vindication , Steve remains distracted and deflated .
As night falls , he drives to a Spanish - speaking church to search for several of the Mexicans who had abandoned camp during the storm .
In the car , he mulls over Mike ’s attempted coup .
“ He ’s looking for the easy way .
Most of the homeless are .
I was just hoping they would be more sympathetic to my standings .
Sometimes I wish they ’d be a little more grateful . ”
He stares at the rutted white arc of road illuminated before him .
“ They do n’t see it , you know , ” he finally says quietly .
“ They do n’t see it . ”
When he arrives at the church , the Mexicans are no longer there .
No one knows where they ’ve gone , or if they ’ll return to Cedar Bridge .
For tonight at least , they ’re choosing another brand of homelessness .
The Reverend Steve Brigham , the founder of Cedar Bridge .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
A 9 - year - old and his mother arrive at Cedar Bridge .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Mike , one of the camp ’s leaders , inside the community tent .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Charles , in a plume of burning garbage .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Sharon , in her tent .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Tracy , one of the camp ’s leaders , preparing dinner .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Zenayda , a Cedar Bridge resident , cooking as neighbors watch Bloodsport .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Cedar Bridge residents gather in a makeshift heated lounge .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Cheryl , outside the bathroom .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Tracy , one of the camp ’s leaders , walks toward the kitchen trailer to prepare early - morning coffee for the Cedar Bridge residents .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
A homeless resident walks down a stretch of unpaved road that leads to the Cedar Bridge campgrounds .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Big Frankie cuts firewood at the west end of camp .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Charles , outside his tent .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Little Jerry lights a cardboard beer box as kindling wood .
Chris and Little Jerry scrapped the trailer hoping to sell the parts for $ 600 .
They got $ 30 .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Brian staples plastic sheeting into wooden planks to construct the camp ’s tepees .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Nina smokes a cigarette in front of her decorated camp trailer .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Tracy cries in the kitchen trailer after being yelled at by a former member of Cedar Bridge over the issue of the pantry - tent lock .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Mike , Tracy , and Big Gerry eat leftover breakfast food donated by a charity group .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
KC sports his new “ pimp ” hat he found in a clothing donation received that day .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Chris , Little Jerry , and Mike serve themselves chicken soup from the kitchen trailer .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Most of the men in the west end of Cedar Bridge watch Bloodsport on a TV hooked up to a generator as Big Frankie ’s wife , Zenayda , cooks dinner .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Zenayda poses with a stuffed animal while cooking dinner .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Chris , Mike , Big Gerry , and Little Jerry relax in their newly constructed lounge made from torn - down tepees .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Mike peeks in , while Little Jerry keeps warm inside the heated lounge tent .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Nina uses a bonfire to cook her food .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
A tent lit by its wood - burning stove .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Chris and Little Jerry share a cigarette in the heated lounge tent .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Angel tries to sleep in the noisy community tent .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Chris and Little Jerry walk from the homeless encampment toward a Lakewood city street filled with traffic .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
Cedar Bridge in late fall .
Scroll to explore the panorama .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy / VII
Network
I ’ve been doing some benchmarking with Criterion recently , and wanted to write up the results .
However , I did n’t really understand how it was arriving at some of the statistics that it spits out , particularly the confidence intervals .
One book on the subject later , and I think I ’ve got it .
I thought I ’d write it down in case anyone else needed to know .
( I ’m not a statistics expert though , so please do send corrections if necessary . )
The mean result from Criterion is straightforward ; the benchmark is run ( typically 100 times ) and the mean is calculated in the standard way ( total time divided by count ) .
But Criterion also gives 95 % confidence intervals for the mean , and these require some more detailed explanation .
Confidence Intervals
Confidence intervals are a notoriously tricky part of statistics .
A confidence interval of 95 % means that if you run many separate experiments , and calculate a confidence interval for each of them , 95 % of those intervals will contain the true mean .
The kicker being that you have no way of knowing whether the interval you have for your one experiment is one of the 95 % that contain the mean , or one of the 5 % that do n’t .
One way to calculate a confidence interval is to make an assumption about the distribution of the data .
It is important to realise that this is an assumption .
For example , you might be tempted to assume the times were normally distributed — but do you really believe that your times come from a perfectly symmetric bell - curve ?
Run times are often skew , distributed more exponentially , or simply too noisy to pick a distribution that could have generated them .
( You can perform a statistical test for the validity of the normality assumption in your sample , if you ’re interested . )
If you did pick a distribution and calculate the parameters — e.g. the variance of a normal distribution — you could say where 95 % of the values are likely to fall because you know what shape the distribution is .
But if you do n’t know the shape of the real distribution ( from which your noisy sample was drawn ) , you need to use a different technique ; Criterion uses the bootstrap .
The Bootstrap
Imagine for a moment that rather than just one mean , you instead had 1000 means .
A straightforward way to form a 95 % confidence interval would be to arrange your sample times in order , and pick the 2.5 % mark ( roughly the 25th highest mean ) and the 97.5 % mark ( roughly the 975th highest mean ) .
This method makes no new assumptions , and would derive the interval just from the data .
Of course , you do n’t have the time to wait around and record enough samples to form 1000 means .
( Some of my benchmarks took in the order of 20 minutes per benchmark to collect the 100 values for a single mean ; for 1000 means I would have to wait a long time ! )
The bootstrap technique generates a lot of means , by “ faking ” a lot more samples than you actually recorded and taking the mean of each of them .
It takes your single sample of 100 , and generates many more samples ( in Criterion , 100000 by default ) by randomly picking 100 values out .
Obviously , if you picked 100 values from a set of 100 without replacement you ’d always end up with the starting set ; the bootstrap picks with replacement , so it is very likely to feature repeated original values in the new fake sample , and also to omit some of the original values in each new fake .
The confidence interval can be formed from these fake samples as described in the previous paragraph .
That is the intuition of the bootstrap method of calculating confidence intervals .
In fact , Criterion uses bootstrap with bias correction and acceleration .
These two extra measures affect how the confidence intervals are calculated by attempting to adjust for skew and sensitivity in the data .
Unfortunately the reference books I have available are not very illuminating on the intuition behind bias and acceleration — so you and I will have to remain in the dark , pending a better reference .
The Code
Often , programmers learn a system best by tinkering and seeing what happens .
In that spirit , here is a little code that takes a sample and prints out the bootstrapped mean confidence intervals for it ( as Criterion would derive them ) :
import Control.Monad.ST ( runST ) import Data .
Array .
Vector ( toU ) import Statistics .
Sample ( mean ) import Statistics .
Resampling ( resample ) import Statistics.Resampling .Bootstrap ( bootstrapBCA ) import System.Random .MWC ( create ) sample :: [ Double ] sample = [ 1..10 ] ++ [ 20 ] main :: IO ( ) main = print .
runST $ do g <- create resamples <- resample g [ mean ] 100000 sampleU return $ bootstrapBCA 0.95 sampleU [ mean ] resamples where sampleU = toU sample
You ’ll need the Hackage packages statistics , uvector and mwc-random .
For the above , the output ( to 2 d.p. ) is :
[ Estimate {estPoint = 6.82 , estLowerBound = 4.64 , estUpperBound = 11.00 , ..} ]
You can see that the outlier 20 pulls the upper bound of the confidence interval beyond all the other values .
Fiddle with sample yourself and see what happens .
Even though Smyslov publicly denied this , Botvinnik never took back his accusation . " >
<" Smyslov later said the game that gave him the greatest esthetic pleasure in his entire career was the 14th of the match .
But Botvinnik later saw treachery , since in the 14th game Smyslov quickly innovated in an opening Botvinnik had never tried before .
< < < He accused his second , Kan , of disclosing his opening preparation to the enemy camp . > > >
Even though Smyslov publicly denied this , Botvinnik never took back his accusation . " >
Ilia Abramovich Kan was < Botvinnik 's > second for this match , and here 's something perhaps unexpected he got for his troubles ...
For some time , I 've been trying to find good polling from the passage of Medicare .
According to Greg Sargent , though , the Democrats beat me to it :
In a last - minute effort to stiffen Dem spines , senior Dem leadership aides are circulating among House Dems some polling numbers from the 1960s that underscore how controversial Medicare was in the months leading up to its historic passage .
Dem leadership staff is highlighting a series of numbers from 1962 on President John F. Kennedy ’s proposal .
In July of that year , a Gallup poll found 28 % in favor , 24 % viewing it unfavorably , and a sizable 33 % with no opinion on it — showing an evenly divided public .
A month later , after JFK ’s proposal went down , an Opinion Research Corporation poll found 44 percent said it should have been passed , while 37 % supported its defeat — also showing an evenly divided public .
Also in that poll , a majority , 54 % , said it was a serious problem that “ government medical insurance for the aged would be a big step toward socialized medicine . ”
After Lyndon Johnson was elected , a Harris poll found only a minority , 46 % , supported a Federal plan to extend health care to the aged .
Today , of course , Medicare is overwhelmingly popular .
Cisco , the world leader in networking equipment , is all set to announce the Next Big Thing for the Internet , this March .
The new technology would enable communications service providers to offer more advanced , high - speed Internet connections .
Cisco has refused to reveal - out exact details but their recent plans and announcements lead to converged , faster networks .
UPDATE : Cisco CRS - 3 Announced , Boosts Internet Backbone Speeds to 322 Terabits .
Recently , U.S. Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) announced that it plans to enforce faster Internet speeds as part of its National Broadband Plan to be unveiled next month , on March 17 , according to which bare - minimum Internet data transmission speeds of 100 mbps to 100 million homes within a decade , 96 mbps up from current 4 mbps .
Though , that ’s big , it still is far less than what Google is offering with the new Gigabit Internet experiment .
Cisco said on Wednesday it will unveil technology on March 9 that will “ forever change the Internet . ”
On its website , it claims “ What ’s possible when networking gets an adrenaline boost . ”
The upcoming technology would be a significant step - up towards making the IOS - model mould to something even better than current high - end Modular IOS -XE , XR .
This would hit Juniper where it hurts the most : 100 Gigabit switches , Routers .
The technology would help telecom service providers like phone companies offer better , high - speed Internet service .
A Great push for mobile internet is more expected as Cisco steps further in 4G LTE which would enable phone companies and corporations manage their networks and enable faster , more stable Internet connections .
The wait is on , stay tuned @taranfx for updates .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Bill McKibben , who wrote the first book on global warming aimed at a general audience in 1989 , notes that at the time even the Wall Street Journal and then president Bush ( Senior ) both generally agreed that there was a problem .
Way back then , there were only a few dozen scientific studies that supported man-made global warming .
But now , two decades later , there are thousands of rigorous studies that confirm global warming , not to mention little things like the fact that the 15 warmest years on record have occurred during that time .
And yet , the number of Americans who believe that global warming is man-made is decreasing .
McKibben makes an interesting analogy to the OJ Simpson trial .
At the start of the trial everyone knew Simpson was guilty of murder , but the dream team of lawyers Simpson hired did everything to create doubt , any doubt , by examining any crack in the evidence , or anything done wrong by the police .
And the more evidence there is , the easier it is to find cracks or mistakes .
And that ’s the whole point .
Because there are so many studies on global warming , it is easier to find one or two studies where some small scientific mistake was made , or at least some shortcut taken .
As he says , the larger the haystack , the more likely it is to contain a needle or two .
( Newser ) – Ted Kennedy famously considered health care reform the " unfinished business " of America .
Yesterday , son Patrick visited his Arlington gravesite and left a simple note : " Dad , the unfinished business is done , " reports the Washington Post .
A steady stream of visitors has been at the tombstone since the weekend .
Ted 's widow , Vicki , spent hours there on Sunday before taking a place of honor at today 's signing .
President Obama also paid homage .
" I remember seeing Ted walk through that door in a summit in this room a year ago , one of his last public appearances , and it was hard for him to make it , but he was confident that we would do the right thing . "
( Read more Ted Kennedy stories . )
Parliament to vote on Wikileaks - backed law that would protect sources , guarantee freedom of speech and end libel tourism
Iceland is aiming to become a global haven for investigative journalism , with the country 's parliament expected to vote through legislation protecting sources , guaranteeing freedom of speech and ending libel tourism .
Supporters liken the initiative to the offshore financial havens that corporations use to avoid government tax regimes – only for free speech .
The Icelandic Modern Media Initiative is due to go before the country 's parliament on Tuesday , according to Jonathan Stray – a blogger for Harvard University 's Nieman Journalism Lab .
And the people behind Wikileaks have been involved in drafting the law .
The text of the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative is not yet public , but Wikileaks ' Julian Assange and Daniel Schmitt let the cat out of the bag at a conference in Berlin late last year .
About two minutes into this YouTube clip , Schmitt reveals that the Wiki guys got the ball rolling by pitching the free speech haven as a " new business model for Iceland " when they were guests on an Icelandic TV politics show .
Source : Nieman Journalism Lab
The opening paragraph of the article says it all :
A team of scientists has succeeded in putting an object large enough to be visible to the naked eye into a mixed quantum state of moving and not moving .
Wait , what ?
Like , WHAT ?
Ok , let ’s start over :
Andrew Cleland at the University of California , Santa Barbara , and his team cooled a tiny metal paddle until it reached its quantum mechanical ‘ ground state ’ — the lowest - energy state permitted by quantum mechanics .
They then used the weird rules of quantum mechanics to simultaneously set the paddle moving while leaving it standing still .
The fuck ?
In my day , we were taught , with the help of non-graphing calculators and paper notebooks , that quantum mechanics was a lot of wand - wavey nonsense about wave / particle duality that you never had to worry about because it belonged to some magical tiny land that no one visits with their actual eyes .
This …this is straight - up magic .
[ Cue Final Countdown ]
February 2 , 2010
Outside the hotel , the two women held a banner proclaiming , " Letting You Know : Medicare For All . "
Security and Secret Service agents ordered them to the other side of the street , and they refused .
The two women -- both of whom were among the protesters who attempted to speak at Max Baucus ' Senate hearings on health care last year -- were arrested .
Flowers attempted to deliver her letter and a packet of information about single - payer health care to the White House , but security refused to accept it .
The next day , Flowers and fellow PNHP member Dr. Carol Paris tried to make their case to Obama when the president to the Renaissance Baltimore Harborplace Hotel to speak to the House Republicans ' " retreat . "
Dr. Margaret Flowers , a member of Physicians for a National Health Program ( PNHP ) , wrote an open letter to Barack Obama , responding to the challenge in his State of the Union address for " anyone " to present a " better approach " to health care reform than his .
Flowers made the case for the alternative that Obama has shut out of the discussion from the beginning -- an improved Medicare - for - all national health care system that eliminates the role of private insurance companies .
Dear President Obama ,
I was overjoyed to hear you say in your State of the Union address last night : " But if anyone from either party has a better approach that will bring down premiums , bring down the deficit , cover the uninsured , strengthen Medicare for seniors , and stop insurance company abuses , let me know . "
My colleagues , fellow health advocates and I have been trying to meet with you for over a year now because we have an approach which will meet all of your goals and more .
I am a pediatrician who , like many of my primary care colleagues , left practice because it is nearly impossible to deliver high - quality health care in this environment .
I have been volunteering for Physicians for a National Health Program ever since .
For over a year now , I have been working with the Leadership Conference for Guaranteed Health Care / National Single Payer Alliance .
This alliance represents over 20 million people nationwide , from doctors to nurses to labor , faith and community groups , who advocate on behalf of the majority of Americans , including doctors , who favor a national Medicare - for - All health system .
Single - payer supporters marching in San Francisco ( Steve Rhodes )
I felt very optimistic when Congress took up health care reform last January because I remember when you spoke to the Illinois AFL - CIO in June 2003 and said :
I happen to be a proponent of a single - payer universal health care program .
[ Applause ]
I see no reason why the United States of America , the wealthiest country in the history of the world , spending 14 percent of its Gross National Product on health care cannot provide basic health insurance to everybody .
And that 's what Jim is talking about when he says everybody in , nobody out .
A single - payer health care plan , a universal health care plan .
And that 's what I 'd like to see .
But as all of you know , we may not get there immediately .
Because first we have to take back the White House , we have to take back the Senate , and we have to take back the House . "
And that is why I was so surprised when the voices of those who support a national single - payer plan / Medicare for All were excluded in place of the voices of the very health insurance and pharmaceutical industries which profit off the current health care situation .
There was an opportunity this past year to create universal and financially sustainable health care reform , rather than expensive health insurance reform .
As you well know , the United States spends the most per capita on health care in the world , yet leaves millions of people out and receives poor return on those health care dollars in terms of health outcomes and efficiency .
This poor value for our health care dollar is due to the waste of having so many insurance companies .
At least a third of our health care dollars go towards activities that have nothing to do with health care , such as marketing , administration , and high executive salaries and bonuses .
This represents over $ 400 billion per year , which could be used to pay for health care for all of those Americans who are suffering and dying from preventable causes .
The good news is that it does n't have to be this way .
You said that you wanted to " keep what works , " and that would be Medicare .
Medicare is an American legacy of which we can feel proud .
It has guaranteed health security to all who have it .
Medicare has lifted senior citizens out of poverty .
Health disparities , which are rising in this nation , begin to disappear as soon as patients reach 65 years of age .
And patients and doctors prefer Medicare to private insurance .
Why , our Medicare has even been used as a model by other nations which have developed and implemented universal health systems .
MR. PRESIDENT , we wanted to meet with you because we have the solution to health care reform .
The United States has enough money already , and we have the resources , including esteemed experts in public health , health policy and health financing .
Our very own Dr. William Hsiao at Harvard has designed health systems in five other countries .
I am asking you to meet with me because the solution is simple .
Remove all of the industries that profit off of the American health care catastrophe from the table .
Replace them with those who are knowledgeable in designing health systems , and who are without ties to the for - profit medical industries .
And then allow them to design an improved Medicare - for - All national health system .
We can implement it within a year of designing such a system .
What are the benefits of doing this ?
It will save tens of thousands ( perhaps hundreds of thousands ) of American lives each year , not to mention the prevention of unnecessary suffering .
It will relieve families of medical debt , which is the number one cause of bankruptcy and foreclosure , despite the fact that most of those who experienced bankruptcy had health insurance .
It will relieve businesses of the growing burden of skyrocketing health insurance premiums so that they can invest in innovation , hiring , increased wages and other benefits , and so they can compete in the global market .
It will control health care costs in a rational way through global budgeting and negotiation for fair prices for pharmaceuticals and services .
It will allow patients the freedom to choose wherever they want to go for health care , and will allow patients and their caregivers to determine which care is best without denials by insurance administrators .
It will restore the physician - patient relationship and bring satisfaction back to the practice of medicine so that more doctors will stay in or return to practice .
It will allow our people in our nation to be healthy and productive and able to support themselves and their families .
It will create a legacy for your administration that may someday elevate you to the same hero status as Tommy Douglas has in Canada .
Mr. President , there are more benefits , but I believe you get the point .
I look forward to meeting with you and am so pleased that you are open to our ideas .
The Medicare - for - All campaign is growing rapidly and is ready to support you as we move forward on health care reform that will provide America with one of the best health systems in the world .
And that is something of which all Americans can be proud .
With great anticipation and deep respect ,
Margaret Flowers , M.D.
Congressional Fellow , Physicians for a National Health Program
Tired of being teabagged by the Tea Party ?
Angry at grass roots movements that turn out to be corporate astroturf ?
Exasperated at what passes for political discourse in this country ?
You ’re not alone .
Now there is an alternative to the Tea Party , and it is called the Coffee Party .
Their mission ?
The Coffee Party Movement gives voice to Americans who want to see cooperation in government .
We recognize that the federal government is not the enemy of the people , but the expression of our collective will , and that we must participate in the democratic process in order to address the challenges that we face as Americans .
As voters and grassroots volunteers , we will support leaders who work toward positive solutions , and hold accountable those who obstruct them .
They have a website .
They have a FaceBook page .
And there is an article about them in the Washington Post ( what , were you expecting Fox News ? ) .
UPDATE : And they have a video .
While most comics publishers may promote their books through multimedia like animated series , movies and other outlets , few have taken to directly hocking their printed materials on Youtube , except perhaps Benjamin Marra of Traditional Comics who recently called fans of awesome action , intense emotion , extreme violence and beautiful women to attention with a $ 3 or less price point for single issues .
Additionally , the ad reminds newsprint fans just how sexy that particularly porous variety of paper can feel to the touch .
That 's a traditional tactile pleasure no iPad can ever reproduce , brothers and sisters .
I 'd never heard of the publisher 's core titles " Night Business " or " Gangsta Rap Posse , " until visiting the site , but now that I have I 'm pretty sure I could be placing an order in the very , very near future .
From NetEase :
26 - year - old Zhuang Huagui and 21 - year - old Hu Zhao ’e originally planned to get married today on February 4th , but on January 28th , Hu Zhao ’e was stabbed to death by two break - in thieves .
The deeply passionate groom held a special wedding at a funeral parlor for his deceased wife .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , Zhuang Huagui tightly held his wife ’s hand .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , at the front door to the funeral parlor , parked long lines of wedding motorcade .
This new couple picked up their wedding certificate December of last year , planning to get married today , Zhuang Huagui never expected just a few month later his beloved girlfriend would leave him forever .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , Zhuang Huagui carefully wiped his wife ’s crystal coffin .
The groom decided to hold the wedding ceremony with his deceased wife at the funeral parlour , and inviting family from both sides to act as witness .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , Zhuang Huagui held his wife ’s wedding photo in front of the funeral parlor to welcome the guests coming to the wedding .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , the new bride lie in the crystal coffin in her wedding dress .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , the groom changed his clothes and took part in his wife ’s funeral .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlor in Zhangzhou , Fujian , the wedding ceremony is over , Zhuang Huagui immediately arranged for his wife ’s funeral ceremony .
February 4th , 2010 , at a funeral parlour in Zhangzhou , Fujian .
The deeply passionate groom Zhuang Huagui completed his vows on the original planned date of the wedding with his wife lying in the crystal coffin .
Comments on NetEase :
冷血峰兒 :
Such deep love , so touching .
叶小沫 :
So touching , true love is rare in this age .
美国网友 :
Brother , what you are doing really touches me , but you must consider what you are doing can make your father - in - law and mother - in - law more sad , let her rest in peace .
天堂搭错车 :
Touching , society ’s public order is too inadequate , so unfortunate .
wshjiayou_52 :
Robbers are so heartless , you will receive retribution .
yestodang :
Comments on Tianya :
Q钱多多Q :
So touching .
冰泪心语 :
I feel really bad after reading this .
pqp0906 :
Sigh , if they are going to rob then just rob , why kill someone !!
Just take the money … sigh … so young , a real shame !!
苍生墨 :
Crying uncontrollably … what a good man , MM really was unlucky … a tragic pair .
聪明的小小鸟 :
True love , the girl in heaven will be touched ~
anly_huang :
Feel so bad , a good man !
These days , the public safety / security really makes one speechless .
daylao :
I ’m not certain how Cumming ( 2004 ) and 2nd Cumming ( 2010 ) are related .
Obviously , the second followed the first .
Beyond that , reformulation ?
Sequel ?
The CB I Hate Perfume website states that 2nd Cumming is , “ exactly the same as the original Cumming ” yet provided Brosius and actor Alan Cumming the opportunity to , “ … do the scent the way [ they ] had originally intended . ”
I do n’t find this bit of obscurity vague or misleading .
The ambiguity is appropriate .
They smell like the exact same scent , but not .
Perhaps the clue is in the subtitle of 2nd Cumming : Once More with Feeling !
The two fragrances are extremely legible .
They seem more abstract than the list of notes ( cigar , whiskey , Douglas fir , Scottish heather , peat … ) implies , but they are sharply defined .
I do get the suggestion of peat and its olfactory quality of being both wet and dry at the same time .
‘ Peaty ’ when describing Scotch , suggests the smoke and tar of a peat fire .
Peat moss itself is more like the scent of rain after a dry spell .
The two Cummings build on this quality and have the scent of a storm moving in–static electricity , dust and twitchiness .
The start of a rainstorm scratches at all your senses simultaneously and gives a sense of imminence .
This is where Cumming resides .
It sits at the tip of your nose the way the way a inaccessible memory sits at the tip of your tongue .
From the perspective of 2016 , the Cummings feel like a commentary on the woody tones that were a trend at the time the first model was released .
That ’s not to say that they seem dated or era-specific per se .
They are more inventive and precise than the dull woody - amber trends of the time .
Their olfactory profiles suggest the guilty pleasure of commercial scents that we often deny liking : plastic packaging , dry - cleaning chemicals , petroleum byproducts .
This is much more fun than cigars and drinks .
The greatest difference between the two versions is in the drydown .
The original smells metallic and the scent overall fades to a whisper fairly quickly .
2nd Cumming ’s drydown is warmer and a bit leathery .
Surprisingly given its water base , it has much more longevity than the original .
They are both well - sculpted scents but it is an open question whether they are perfumes .
I do n’t mean this as derogatory .
I assume that this discussion would be welcome in a line called I Hate Perfume .
The catch here is that the term scent , when contrasted with perfume , usually implies a lack of artistry .
The Cummings twist the distinction into meaninglessness and make environmental scents that you wear .
They do n’t read as room spray applied to the body .
They just perform differently on the body than ‘ straight ’ perfume does .
The cheeky double entendre of 2nd might bother some , but it reminds me of a college professor who started our class one day by writing on the board , “ Christianity is a cultural mediation of homosexuality . ”
For the students who winced , they should have remembered to leave their delicate sensibilities at the door of a class called “ The History of Sex . ”
For those squeamish about trying this perfume , you ’d would do well to remember both the name of the perfume and the company .
HOUSTON -- Former major league infielder Chuck Knoblauch has pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault on his common - law wife .
According to court records , Knoblauch entered his plea Tuesday in exchange for deferred - adjudication probation .
Successful completion of his one - year probation could mean the conviction on the assault of a family member would be expunged from the record .
Knoblauch also was fined $ 1,000 .
Knoblauch 's attorney did n't return a telephone call Tuesday .
According to a criminal complaint , Knoblauch 's wife told police he hit her in the face and choked her at their Houston home in September .
The 41 - year - old Houston native played for the Minnesota Twins , New York Yankees and Kansas City Royals from 1991 - 2002 .
In 12 seasons , the 1991 American League Rookie of the Year and four - time All - Star batted .289 with 98 home runs and 615 RBIs .
We have continued to follow the outrageous expansion of copyright and trademark litigation ( here and here and here ) , particularly the recording industry which is seeking crippling penalties for downloading song .
Now , the industry has succeeded in nailing Whitney Harper who was between 14 - 16 years old when she downloaded 37 songs .
The Court of Appeals increased the penalties against her — amounting to as much as $ 40,000 .
While the parties agreed that she would be liable for $ 200 a song ( under the “ innocent ” downloading figure ) , the industry said it would seek $ 750 if she challenged them on appeal .
Harper is now about to graduate from Texas Tech with a degree in business communications and the ruling may cause her to declare bankruptcy .
After intense lobbying from the industry , Congress has refused to do anything about these draconian penalties .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Public concern about global warming has dropped sharply since the fall of 2008 , according to the results of a national survey released January 27 by researchers at Yale and George Mason universities .
The survey found :
Only 50 percent of Americans now say they are " somewhat " or " very worried " about global warming , a 13 - point decrease .
The percentage of Americans who think global warming is happening has declined 14 points , to 57 percent .
The percentage of Americans who think global warming is caused mostly by human activities dropped 10 points , to 47 percent .
In line with these shifting beliefs , there has been an increase in the number of Americans who think global warming will never harm people in the United States or elsewhere or other species .
" Despite growing scientific evidence that global warming will have serious impacts worldwide , public opinion is moving in the opposite direction , " said Anthony Leiserowitz , director of the Yale Project on Climate Change .
" Over the past year the United States has experienced rising unemployment , public frustration with Washington and a divisive health care debate , largely pushing climate change out of the news .
Meanwhile , a set of emails stolen from climate scientists and used by critics to allege scientific misconduct may have contributed to an erosion of public trust in climate science . "
The survey also found lower public trust in a variety of institutions and leaders , including scientists .
For example , Americans ' trust in the mainstream news media as a reliable source of information about global warming declined by 11 percentage points , television weather reporters by 10 points and scientists by 8 points .
They also distrust leaders on both sides of the political fence .
Sixty - five percent distrust Republicans Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Palin as sources of information , while 53 percent distrust former Democratic Vice President Al Gore and 49 percent distrust President Barack Obama .
Finally , Americans who believe that most scientists think global warming is happening decreased 13 points , to 34 percent , while 40 percent of the public now believes there is a lot of disagreement among scientists over whether global warming is happening or not .
" The scientific evidence is clear that climate change is real , human - caused and a serious threat to communities across America , " said Edward Maibach , director of the Center for Climate Change Communication at George Mason University .
" The erosion in both public concern and public trust about global warming should be a clarion call for people and organizations trying to educate the public about this important issue . "
The results come from a nationally representative survey of 1,001 American adults , age 18 and older .
The sample was weighted to correspond with U.S. Census Bureau parameters .
The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3 percent , with 95 percent confidence .
The survey was designed by researchers at Yale and George Mason Universities and conducted from December 23 , 2009 , to January 3 , 2010 by Knowledge Networks using an online research panel of American adults .
Climate Change in the American Mind : Americans ’ Global Warming Beliefs and Attitudes in January 2010
Viewpoint
First bounds on the Higgs boson from hadron colliders
Klaus Mönig DESY , Platanenallee 6 , 15738 Zeuthen , Germany
The two experimental collaborations at the Fermilab Tevatron accelerator have published first results of searches for the Higgs boson , excluding parts of the otherwise allowed mass range .
Figure 1 : Global fit to all published data sensitive to the Higgs boson mass .
This comprises direct searches as well as electroweak precision data .
The left vertical axis shows goodness - of - fit relative to the minimum χ 2 value , while the right vertical axis shows σ values as a function of Higgs mass .
The dashed line shows the situation before the Tevatron publications , while they are included in the solid line .
The left shaded portion is the mass range excluded by LEP , and the central shaded region is the range excluded by the Tevatron .
High masses are excluded by precision measurements of the weak mixing angle and the W mass , leaving only the range 115 – 150 GeV / c 2 for future searches if the standard model is the correct theory .
Global fit to all published data sensitive to the Higgs boson mass .
This comprises direct searches as well as electroweak precision data .
The left vertical axis shows goodness - of - fit relative to the minimum χ 2 value , while the right vertical axis sho ...
Show more
Figure 1 : Global fit to all published data sensitive to the Higgs boson mass .
This comprises direct searches as well as electroweak precision data .
The left vertical axis shows goodness - of - fit relative to the minimum χ 2 value , while the right vertical axis shows σ values as a function of Higgs mass .
The dashed line shows the situation before the Tevatron publications , while they are included in the solid line .
The left shaded portion is the mass range excluded by LEP , and the central shaded region is the range excluded by the Tevatron .
High masses are excluded by precision measurements of the weak mixing angle and the W mass , leaving only the range 115 – 150 GeV / c 2 for future searches if the standard model is the correct theory . ×
In particle physics the interactions between particles are described by gauge symmetries that define the structure of the interactions and that are connected to exchange particles mediating the interaction .
An elementary example familiar to everyone is the electromagnetic force mediated by photons .
In the standard model of particle physics [ 1 ] this works beautifully , apart from the problem that all particles must be massless , which clearly contradicts experiment .
This problem can be solved elegantly by the Higgs mechanism [ 2 ] .
This mechanism gives mass to the particles by coupling them to a field that does n’t vanish in the vacuum , but at the same time predicts the existence of a new particle , usually called the Higgs boson , which has n’t been seen yet .
Theory predicts all properties of this particle apart from its mass , which is a free parameter .
In addition to giving mass to all particles , the Higgs is also responsible for keeping the interactions between massive gauge bosons — the W and Z bosons — at an acceptable level .
To fulfill this second task the Higgs must be lighter than about 1 TeV / c 2 .
To understand the mechanism of mass generation , we must either find the Higgs boson or exclude its existence ( for a review , see Ref . [ 3 ] ) .
The first searches for the Higgs were performed in the 1990s at LEP , an electron - positron collider at CERN near Geneva , Switzerland [ 4 ] .
At LEP a Higgs boson would have been produced in association with a Z boson , which weighs around 90 GeV / c 2 .
With a center - of - mass energy of 205 GeV , Higgs masses below 114 .
5 GeV / c 2 could be excluded .
Further information about the Higgs mass comes from precision measurements .
In quantum mechanics , the uncertainty principle allows that particles that are , in principle , too heavy to be produced can still exist for a very short time .
At LEP and at the SLC in Stanford , the production of Z bosons has been studied with great precision .
This makes the experiments sensitive to quantum effects coming from the Higgs .
A similar sensitivity can be obtained from the precise measurements of the W mass , which has been done at LEP and at the Tevatron in Illinois .
Taking all the precision measurements together in a global fit , it can be inferred that the Higgs must be lighter than around 200 GeV / c 2 [ 5 ] .
At hadron colliders like the Tevatron , Higgs bosons are also produced at a significant rate [ 6 ] .
A smaller fraction of them is produced in the same way as at LEP , by the annihilation of a quark - antiquark pair producing a Higgs together with a W or Z boson .
The larger part of the Higgs boson production , however , comes from the annihilation of two gluons , the carriers of the strong force .
In principle , the gluons are massless and thus should not couple to the Higgs .
But even in this case , the uncertainty principle allows the production of intermediate particles that then couple to the Higgs .
In the standard model these particles are usually top quarks , however , new , yet unknown particles can contribute as well .
The rate of Higgs boson production at the Tevatron is higher than at LEP .
However , due to the huge backgrounds it is very difficult to find them .
If the Higgs is lighter than about 130 GeV / c 2 it decays predominantly into a pair of bottom quarks .
At higher masses , the decay into two W bosons takes over .
The two experiments at the Tevatron , D0 , and CDF have started to look for both decay modes .
Since bottom - quark pairs are also produced by the strong interaction , the background in this channel is much larger , so that a longer running time is needed to find something .
For this reason the experiments have now published first results in the W W channel in Physical Review Letters [ 7 ] .
CDF and D0 search for both production channels , which means they either have two W bosons , two W bosons and one Z boson , or three W bosons in the final state .
To get the background under control they require that two of the gauge bosons decay into a charged lepton and a neutrino , which is unseen , or two charged leptons in the case of a Z , so that the searched - for signature is two leptons and missing energy in the transverse plane .
There are still numerous backgrounds like W - pair production and top - quark - pair production , and to isolate a possible Higgs signal , sophisticated separation techniques must be used .
Both experiments use neural networks trained at several Higgs masses .
The neural networks are fed with many variables that carry some separation power between signal and background .
With this procedure they manage to get a signal - to - background ratio of 1 : 5 in the highest purity area if a Higgs with standard model properties exists .
Great care is taken to model the backgrounds as accurately as possible , and when possible , data - Monte Carlo comparisons are used to constrain the background .
The Higgs cross section is then fitted with a maximum likelihood technique , taking all systematic uncertainties into account .
The cross section turns out to be compatible with zero for all considered Higgs masses and the data are used to set a limit on the cross section , which is expressed as a scaling factor to the Higgs production cross section predicted by the standard model .
A standard - model Higgs can then be excluded if a scaling factor of one is not compatible with the data .
The results of the two experiments are then combined with statistical techniques that have been developed for the combination of the Higgs limits obtained by the four LEP experiments [ 8 ] .
Although no experiment can individually exclude any Higgs mass , the combination of the two can exclude a region around M H = 160 GeV / c 2 .
The limit is only strictly valid within the standard model .
However , most extensions of the model predict a higher Higgs cross section , and the limit in those models would be even stronger .
A global fit has been performed taking all information on the Higgs mass into account [ 9 ] .
This comprises the electroweak precision data as well as the published Higgs limits from LEP and the Tevatron .
Figure 1 shows the Δ χ 2 as a function of the Higgs mass with respect to the minimum χ 2 , with and without the Tevatron data .
The low masses are excluded by LEP , the high masses by the precision data , and the region around 160 GeV / c 2 by the Tevatron .
In the standard model , therefore , only the range between 115 and around 150 GeV / c 2 remains possible .
For this region , preliminary analyses already exist at the Tevatron and it can be expected that D0 and CDF can exclude it or find a slight evidence if the Tevatron runs well for the rest of its lifetime .
The LHC will then cover this region for sure .
However , at the LHC energy range , it is experimentally even more difficult than at the Tevatron , so that we have to wait another couple of years .
Moreover , if it turns out that there is physics beyond the standard model and the Higgs properties are not as predicted , the LHC should be able to say the final word about the existence of the Higgs .
After 40 years of waiting , the search will end in the next decade .
About the Author Klaus Mönig received his Ph.D. from the university of Wuppertal for a measurement of the Z boson mass and width , with the DELPHI experiment at LEP .
After that he joined CERN continuing to work on electroweak precision tests with DELPHI .
In 1998 he went to DESY as a leading scientist , where he worked for about eight years on the preparation of a future linear collider and is now leading the group working on the ATLAS experiment at the LHC .
( CNN ) --
A judge in Pennsylvania has denied a request from a 12 - year - old homicide suspect to have his case transferred to juvenile court .
Jordan Brown is facing adult charges in the February 2009 shooting death of his father 's pregnant girlfriend , and a judge turned down a petition to have the case transferred from criminal to juvenile court .
Police have said the boy , then 11 , shot Kenzie Marie Houk , who was eight months ' pregnant , once at point - blank range in her farmhouse in western Pennsylvania .
He has been charged with one count each of criminal homicide and homicide of an unborn child in the death of Houk , 26 , Lawrence County District Attorney John Bongivengo said .
Houk 's 4 - year - old daughter found her mother in her bed , according to police .
The child alerted landscapers working near the home , who then called authorities .
" This is something that you would n't even think of in your worst nightmare , that you 'd have to charge an 11 - year - old with homicide , " Bongivengo told CNN affiliate WTAE - TV in Pittsburgh at the time of the killing .
" It 's heinous , the whole situation . "
Under Pennsylvania law , anyone over 10 accused of murder or homicide is charged as an adult .
If convicted , the boy faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , Bongivengo said .
Authorities said the boy is the son of the victim 's live - in boyfriend at the home in Wampum , about 35 miles northwest of Pittsburgh .
" At this point , we do n't believe it 's accidental , " Bongivengo said .
The weapon was a youth model 20 - gauge shotgun , designed for use by children , that belonged to the boy , according to investigators .
Catching a crime wave
Los Angeles police are getting tip - offs from unlikely informants : mathematicians .
Using crime data from southern California , Jeffrey Brantingham of the University of California , Los Angeles , and his colleagues set out to calculate how the movements of criminals and victims create opportunities for crime , and how police can reduce it .
They came up with a pair of equations that could explain how local crime hotspots form – which turned out to be similar to those that describe molecular reactions and diffusion .
The equations suggested that there are two kinds of hotspot .
The first , called “ supercritical ” , arises when small spikes in crime pass a certain threshold and create a local crime wave .
The second , “ subcritical ” , happens when a particular factor – the presence of a drug den , for instance – causes a large spike in crime .
The equations also indicated that rigorous policing could completely eliminate the subcritical hotspots , but would simply displace the supercritical variety .
Advertisement
The approach “ presents a novel hypothesis of how hotspots form ” , says John Eck , a criminologist at the University of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Brantingham hopes eventually to be able to predict where subcritical hotspots are forming , so police can step in to nip problems in the bud .
His team is already collaborating with Los Angeles police .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0910921107
Photos : Stunning new Church of Scientology of Las Vegas
Following are photos provided to the media by the Church of Scientology International of the absolutely gorgeous new Church of Scientology of Las Vegas .
Scientologists and guests toured the new Church of Scientology and Celebrity Centre Las Vegas on February 5 , 2010 , after the ribbon was cut on the fully renovated building at 2761 Emerson Avenue .
Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman was a guest speaker at the dedication of the new Church of Scientology & Celebrity Centre Las Vegas on Saturday .
Officiating at the opening ceremony was Mr. David Miscavige , Chairman of the Board Religious Technology Center and ecclesiastical leader of the Scientology religion .
The Chapel serves parishioners and guests for Sunday services , weddings , naming ceremonies and other congregational gatherings .
The Public Information Center in the new Church of Scientology and Celebrity Centre Las Vegas contains multimedia displays presenting the beliefs and practices of the Scientology religion and the life and legacy of Scientology Founder L. Ron Hubbard .
The Information Center is open to the public daily for self - guided tours .
While the Church of Scientology & Celebrity Centre Las Vegas serves the entire Las Vegas community , it also fulfills the unique purpose of helping the artist and thereby benefiting the culture as a whole .
The President ’s Office provides a receiving and gathering place for artists and guests , whether coming to the Church for Scientology services or simply visiting .
The new Church of Scientology and Celebrity Centre Las Vegas include an outdoor a café for the convenience of parishioners and visitors .
Share this :
Tweet
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
If a stranger came up to you on the street , would you give him your name , Social Security number and e-mail address ?
Probably not .
Yet people often dole out all kinds of personal information on the Internet that allows such identifying data to be deduced .
Services like Facebook , Twitter and Flickr are oceans of personal minutiae — birthday greetings sent and received , school and work gossip , photos of family vacations , and movies watched .
Computer scientists and policy experts say that such seemingly innocuous bits of self - revelation can increasingly be collected and reassembled by computers to help create a picture of a person ’s identity , sometimes down to the Social Security number .
“ Technology has rendered the conventional definition of personally identifiable information obsolete , ” said Maneesha Mithal , associate director of the Federal Trade Commission ’s privacy division .
“ You can find out who an individual is without it . ”
Meditation techniques should be widely available on prescription , say experts today , pointing to evidence that emptying the mind is more likely to help people out of the cycle of recurrent depression than pills .
Meditation may for some evoke images of Buddhist chanting and the Beatles bedecked with flowers in their period of devotion to the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , but today a mental health charity is launching a campaign to make " mindfulness " courses based on meditation available widely on the NHS .
The results in people with depression are impressive and could save the NHS substantial sums of money , according to the Mental Health Foundation .
Antidepressants give people hit by the " black dog " a chemical lift out of their despair .
It can get them over the crisis , but there is a risk that depression will come back as it was before they started the pills .
Cognitive behaviour therapy is the most widely prescribed and available counselling treatment .
It encourages a depressed person to look at their feelings and behaviour and work out the causes and coping strategies .
It works , but is usually used for treatment rather than prevention .
" Mindfulness " is described in the Mental Health Foundation report published today as " a way of paying attention to the present moment by using meditation , yoga and breathing techniques " .
Instead of worrying at their problems , people are taught to try to empty their minds , focusing on their breathing or parts of their body or yoga movements and noting , but not exploring , the thoughts that drift into the mind , which " creates space for us to make more considered decisions about how to respond to the events in our lives " , says the report .
In 2004 , the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) recommended mindfulness - based cognitive therapy courses for people who had had depression at least three times .
In two clinical trials mindfulness training halved the rate of relapse for people with recurrent depression ‑ in the first trial , 10 years ago , from 66 % to 37 % and in the second , in 2004 , from 78 % to 36 % .
But in spite of the Nice endorsement , only one in five GPs has access to a course on which he or she can enrol patients , even though 72 % of GPs think it would be a good idea .
Depression affects one in 10 people and costs the economy £ 7.5 bn annually , the foundation says .
The number of prescriptions for antidepressants has doubled in a decade , reaching nearly 36 m in 2008 .
Yet three - quarters of GPs say they have prescribed drugs for patients they think would have benefited from something else .
" Mindfulness - based therapy could be helping to prevent thousands of people from relapsing into depression every year , " said Dr Andrew McCulloch , chief executive of the Mental Health Foundation .
" This would have huge knock - on benefits both socially and economically , making it a sensible treatment to be making available , even at a time when money is short within the NHS . "
Dr Jonty Heaversedge , a south London GP and one of the BBC's Street Doctors , said he had himself sought out a Buddhist centre to learn to meditate to manage his own stress , but felt uncomfortable to be recommending it to his patients in case they thought he was promoting religion .
He sees patients who regularly go on antidepressants every winter , he says .
Not only would mindfulness training help them , he believes , but also the rest of us , who are under stress , working too hard , troubled in our relationships and running to stand still in every part of our lives .
Interested in working with EFF or Tor , and getting paid for it by Google ?
If you are a student and a coder , then we have good news for you : A few of our projects have been accepted for Google 's Summer Of Code 2010 .
At EFF , there are three projects we 're focused on : First , TOSBack , which tracks changes to the terms of service of the Internet 's most popular websites .
Secondly , OurVoteLive , which tracks problems in elections with polling places and voting machines across the US .
Third , you could help us implement improvements to Switzerland , a passive IP - layer network neutrality testing system .
You can read more about our possible summer projects here .
Also , our friends and colleagues at the Tor project have dozens of ideas for improving their software , which allows users to route around Internet censorship and surveillance .
If those sound interesting , first check out the Summer Of Code FAQ to make sure you 're eligible to participate .
Introduce yourself to us — email soc@eff.org or visit the #tor IRC channel .
Then , write down your project idea using our template and submit your application to Google .
Correction , March 26 : I originally wrote that the deadline for applications is March 29 .
This was incorrect .
Students can begin submitting applications on March 29 , and the deadline is April 9 .
Gov. David Paterson of New York insisted this week that he would n't heed calls for his resignation , despite his administration 's being roiled by two scandals .
But no matter what he does , he is still entitled to his full pension once he retires .
In fact , there is nothing any New York state employee can do that would cause them to lose a pension ; not even a corruption conviction , being fired for embezzlement or a prison sentence .
A provision in the New York State Constitution , written in 1938 and approved by voters , protects pensions for state employees from being " diminished or impaired . "
Here 's the wording :
After July first , nineteen hundred forty , membership in any pension or retirement system of the state or of a civil division thereof shall be a contractual relationship , the benefits of which shall not be diminished or impaired .
This means that politicians receive their pensions even after they become convicted felons , such as State Sens. Joseph Bruno ( $ 8,007.11 monthly pension ) and Guy Velella ( $ 6,251 monthly pension ) .
( Messages to the former senators have not been returned , but we 'll update you if we hear from them . )
Pensions are determined essentially by averaging the largest three consecutive years of an employee 's salary .
The provision comes from public outcry following a 1935 case in which the court established that a pension was a " legislative gratuity , " according to a 1996 article in the Temple Law Review .
The provision was created to protect public employees from losing their pensions because of " political manipulation and possible collapse , " according to the review article .
Harry Corbitt , the State Police superintendent who resigned this week following revelations that he knew that state troopers had visited a woman who was intending to file assault charges against one of Paterson 's aides , will receive a $ 7,064 monthly pension from the state , according to the state comptroller 's office .
Even if he had been fired , it would n't have made a difference .
New York is not alone with its " non-forfeiture " law allowing criminals to keep state pensions , according to the National Association of State Retirement Administrators .
More than half of the states have this provision , said Keith Brainard , the organization 's research director .
" The pension benefit is part of a compensation package , " he said .
" It 's a form of deferred compensation .
It 's promised amount to pay at a later date . "
In other words , state pensions in most states are considered an employee 's property .
Typically , a pension is considered property after five years of service , said Ron Snell , director of the state services division of the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Private companies , on the other hand , sometimes have looser pension protections , Snell noted .
But there is a slow creep toward tighter pension laws that would prevent corrupt officials from cashing in , Snell said .
Lawmakers have proposed two bills in Louisiana in the past few weeks , and one passed in Connecticut in 2008 .
Such a law in Illinois recently prevented former Gov. George Ryan , who was convicted of felony corruption in 2006 , from receiving his pension .
Efforts are under way in New York , too .
State Sen. Liz Krueger , a Democrat , sponsored a bill that would revoke pensions from elected officials following certain convictions .
That bill , however , has yet to see a vote .
I used to write about my brother Erik a lot .
I wrote about how I retooled his resume to make his dead - end job at Blockbuster into the perfect collection of achievements .
Then I let him guest post while he was getting ready to quit the investment banking job he was sick of .
Now he ’s at Microsoft and his job is to buy companies .
( If you work with him , you know him by his real name , which he wo n’t let me use . )
I do n’t write about him much now because everything he says to me begins with , “ Do n’t blog about this . ”
( And then I see it on Valleywag an hour later , which is , of course , very frustrating for me . )
But I talk with Erik almost every day .
( Sometimes twenty times a day , like when a very large company called about buying Brazen Careerist and then turned out to be as day - after - difficult as a one - night stand without a condom . )
Erik sends me great links that are harbingers of the future of work .
So here are a few .
And , if you do n’t think they are as good as tea leaves for the office , at least maybe this gives you insight into what Microsoft ’s acquisition team is looking at right now .
1 . The tyranny of internships will be exposed and companies will have to pay real wages .
Stuff White People Like has a smart and hilarious summary of why internships are for white kids .
But seriously , the fact that internships are practically essential starting blocks for a top - tier career is just ridiculous when you think about how well - connected you have to be to get into all the great summer internship programs .
2 . The tyranny of tech support will be exposed and they will actually offer help .
Here is a parody of a call , but it is actually what happened every single time I called tech support while I was working in the Fortune 500 .
If you have ever called internal tech support from within a large company , this will make you laugh .
( If the Onion did a documentary on the tech support call , this is what the Onion would come up with . )
3 . The tyranny of the discreet job hunt will be exposed and everyone will job hunt openly .
Accountemps reports that 75 % of executives are comfortable with people job hunting while still on the job .
And they would do the same themselves .
This makes sense to me intuitively , because 25 % of any office is people who are dead wood and are not going to look for another job — ever — and therefore do n’t want anyone else to .
The big news here is that most people are looking all the time .
And since job hopping builds strong careers , the people who are n’t are the ones who have a problem .
4 . The tyranny of high heels will give way to the pricey , good - for - feet - but - still - sexy , heel .
Academic researchers are finding on many fronts that men like to work with women who dress like women .
This means shoulder - length hair or longer , a good amount of makeup but not too trampy , and , yes , high heels .
They do n’t have to be stiletto , but you need to look like you know how to pull an outfit together .
This means that a lot of women are walking to work in flats and switching in the elevator , and kicking their stilettos off under the table during meetings .
But that will end , soon , because the Wall Street Journal reports that shoe designers see a gold mine in saving female feet from career - girl frustration .
5 . The tyranny of the prudish will be exposed for hurting productivity and coworkers will flirt openly .
Flirting at work has a positive impact on productivity , according to Heidi Reeder , professor of communications at Boise State University .
This news does n’t mean that upping the ante to sex actually ups the productivity level as well .
In fact , you might ruin everything , especially if the sex is bad .
But feel free to find the flirt in you and use it to get ahead .
If you think women still reap more economic benefit than men do from marriage , you may be living in the past .
Today , men are better off economically because their wives are , too , suggests a new study on the economics of marriage by the Pew Research Center .
It shows women 's education and earnings advancements are translating into overall improvement for men .
" Marriage is a different deal than it was 40 years ago , " says Pew economist Richard Fry , a co-author of the study .
" Typically , most wives did not work , so for economic well - being , marriage penalized guys with more mouths to feed but no extra income .
Now most wives work .
For guys , the economics of marriage have become much more beneficial . "
MORE ON MARRIAGE :
Is there an ideal age for it ?
Pew used Census data from 1970 and 2007 to compare U.S. - born married people ages 30 - 44 — ages when " typical adults have completed their education , gone to work and gotten married , " the study says .
The data show more women than men today have college degrees .
In 1970 , 64 % of graduates were men and 36 % were women ; in 2007 , 53.5 % were women and 46.5 % were men .
Also , women 's earnings grew 44 % from 1970 to 2007 , compared with 6 % for men .
Although men , on average , still make more , women 's sharper gains have narrowed the gap .
Now , more women marry men with less education and lower earnings , and more men marry women who are more educated than they are and may earn more , Fry says .
" Just as women are saying they want more from marriage than an economic security blanket , men are more open to marrying women with more education and earnings , " says historian Stephanie Coontz , author of Marriage : A History .
But economist Betsey Stevenson , an assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School in Philadelphia , says Pew 's analysis is too limited .
" What they 're raising is really an important question :
Who has benefited more from increasing earnings of women in the labor market ? "
But she says the study does n't look at other benefits , including who spends more within families .
" Simply comparing earnings and educational attainment is not a very illuminating way to answer that question . "
Stevenson says the study does provide further evidence that one - breadwinner marriages are being replaced with marriages of " more equal market producers . "
The history of students who copy homework from classmates may be as old as school itself .
But in today 's age of lecture - hall laptops and online coursework , how prevalent and damaging to the education of students has such academic dishonesty become ?
According to research published online March 18 in Physical Review Special Topics : Physics Education Research , it turns out that unnoticed student cheating is a significant cause of course failure nationally .
A researcher from the University of Kansas has teamed up with colleagues from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to get a better handle on copying in college in the 21st century .
Young - Jin Lee , assistant professor of educational technology at KU , and the Research in Learning , Assessing and Tutoring Effectively group at MIT spent four years seeing how many copied answers MIT students submitted to Mastering Physics , an online homework tutoring system .
" MIT freshmen are required to take physics , " said Lee .
" Homework was given through a Web - based tutor that our group had developed .
We analyzed when they logged in , when they logged out , what kind of problems they solved and what kinds of hints they used . "
Lee said that it was easy to spot students who had obtained answers from classmates before completing the homework .
advertisement
" We ran into very interesting students who could solve the problems -- very hard problems -- in less than one minute , without making any mistakes , " said Lee .
Students also were asked to complete an anonymous survey about the frequency of their homework copying .
( According to the survey , students nationally admit to engaging in more academic dishonesty than MIT students . )
Among the researchers ' most notable findings :
Students who procrastinated also copied more often .
Those who started their homework three days ahead of deadline copied less than 10 percent of their problems , while those who dragged their feet until the last minute were repetitive copiers .
The students who copied frequently had about three times the chance of failing the course .
Results of the survey show that students are twice as likely to copy on written homework than on online homework .
This study showed that doing all the homework assigned is " a surer route to exam success " than a preexisting aptitude for physics .
" People believe that students copy because of their poor academic skills , " Lee said .
" But we found that repetitive copiers -- students who copy over 30 percent of their homework problems -- had enough knowledge , at least at the beginning of the semester .
But they did n't put enough effort in .
They did n't start their homework long enough ahead of time , as compared to noncopiers . "
Because repetitive copiers do n't adequately learn physics topics on which they copy the homework , Lee said , the research strongly implies that copying caused declining performance on analytic test problems later in the semester .
advertisement
" Even though everyone knows not doing homework is bad for learning , no one knows how bad it is , " said Lee .
" Now we have a quantitative measurement .
It could make an A student get B or even C. "
At the beginning of a semester , the researchers found that copying was not as widespread as it was late in the semester .
" Obviously , the amount of copying was not so prevalent because the academic load was not as much at the beginning of the semester , " said Lee .
" In order to copy solutions , the students need to build their networks .
They need to get to know each other so that they can ask for the answers . "
But the KU researcher and his MIT colleagues also demonstrated that changes to college course formats -- such as breaking up large lecture classes into smaller " studio " classes , increasing interactions between teaching staff and students , changing the grading system -- could reduce student copying fourfold .
We are writing as an anarcho - feminist collective from the former " La Fabrica " social centre in Concepción , Chile , which we participated in together with various organisations but have now had to close because of the damage , in order to communicate the following :
19 days after the earthquake which affected Concepción and Maule some of the people in the poorest poblaciones have received no aid from the municipality and the government , and in the poor areas where aid has arrived it has been close to a joke : a box of food which does n't even contain the basics such as cooking oil and sugar .
Many of these areas are still without basic services such as water and electricity .
A situation which has been different in the centre of Concepción where the houses and apartments of the well - off are located ( we are talking about homes with values over 100 million pesos ) , where the aid already arrived several days ago , despite being close to looted supermarkets , and consisted of boxes of approximately 25 kilos .
The people who received them were hardly able to hold them , as witnessed by a compañera from the social centre who saw this handover and another compañera who was a volunteer in the delivery of aid packages .
We do not believe that this is a coincidence as the ex-mayor ( now governor ) said publicly on TV and in the press that she would delay aid to the poor areas , holding them responsible for the looting , and so would favour the middle class .
In the light of this two questions occur to us :
■ Did the mayor do a socio- economic survey of every person who took part in the looting or did n't she see all the cars and station wagons of people who were there and did n't fit the prejudiced profile of poor people ?
■ Is it legal to judge people , hindering or denying them access to their rights , without even taking judicial proceedings against them ?
As if this was n't enough the municipality is declaring many dwellings , such as that of the social centre , uninhabitable without even providing a housing solution , leaving us lodging in the yards of many of them .
We ourselves have been victims of this situation as yesterday a municipal official came to see the house and told us that providing a water supply is a procedure that will take months , and that we will have to pull down the damaged house ourselves .
Which is to say that we the people who survived the catastrophe have to now risk our lives demolishing our houses without having the resources or the knowledge necessary to do so , because the municipality does n't want to spend money on something which it is responsible for .
So now we the people who are being criminalised for being poor and who have been left without work are having to worry about finding shelter , obtaining food and trying to rebuild our homes , by ourselves .
It ca n't be said that the authorities are playing their part as they are not carrying out the minimum work that justifies their existence , which is to protect the people .
Not to mention that it is necessary to worry about doing everything before the curfew because the military are patrolling the city and are violating people 's human rights once more :
■ On the day of the earthquake , 20 minutes after the earth had stopped shaking , two of us from the social centre were taking refuge on the hill while we listened to how , on the radio , they were calling for people to return to their houses because there was n't a tsunami alert .
Minutes later Dichato , Llico , Constitución , Talcahuano , etc … were laid waste by the water and hundreds of people died .
The sister of a compañero from the social centre who lived in Talcahuano ( in Salinas ) saved her life because of a neighbour who went by shouting that the sea was going out , while the Chilean navy was going through the streets returning people to their houses .
Not content with having ended hundreds of lives , through negligence and the spreading of erroneous information , the navy is now harming us by means of repression :
■ Some days ago , in the municipality of Hualpén , five marines killed a man for walking in the street during the curfew .
His name was David Riquelme and he was a cartonero [ collector of waste cardboard ? ] which is why he was doing his work at that hour .
Fortunately they did n't manage to kill the man accompanying him with the beating they gave them .
He was able to testify to what happened and the marines are now being prosecuted .
We are making a call to spread this information which consists of what we are currently living , not something which has been told to us .
It is something that affects us directly as an organisation and as people .
We have seen on TV all the resources that have arrived in Chile from abroad , all the collections , all the NGOs and actors who come out doing multi-million campaigns , but the only thing we can say is this , that we have seen it on television because none of it has arrived here , and if many people from the collective are able to eat it is thanks to the solidarity of our networks as a social centre , which consist of people and organisations to which we have volunteered our support and space in the past or who sympathise with the work we carry out and now hold out a hand .
In this way we are also counting on the feminist organisations which , without having participated directly in our space , have for some time supported our work as feminists .
To all these organisations and people , who we give our deepest thanks , we now request one more effort , which is to spread this information , because , although our worries today are many , we cannot avoid denouncing the abuses which are being committed and we hope that the knowledge of these facts by people in other places will serve as pressure to make it difficult for the politicians and charity companies and others to carry on making money from the misfortune that this catastrophe has brought us , the people who are always most affected , the people who are poor .
Colectivo Anarco- feminista " La Fabrica "
http://centrosociallafabrica.blogspot.com/
La embajada de M�xico en Francia difundi� este jueves en ese pa�s un comunicado , en el que fij� una vez m�s la posici�n del gobierno mexicano sobre el caso
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 04 de febrero de 2010
Silvia Otero | El Universal
16:28
Magyarosaurus ( top ) and Zalmoxes ( bottom ) from Haţeg .
A dwarf sauropod and dwarf ornithopod , respectively , reconstructed beside their nearest normal - sized relatives that were twice the length and eight times the body mass of their dwarf cousins .
Photo by Simon Powell
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The idea of dwarf dinosaurs on Haţeg Island , Romania , was proposed 100 years ago by the colourful Baron Franz Nopcsa , whose family owned estates in the area .
He realized that many of the Haţeg dinosaurs had close relatives in older rocks in England , Germany , and North America , but the Romanian specimens were half the size .
In new work by Professor Mike Benton at the University of Bristol , and six other authors from Romania , Germany , and the United States , Nopcsa ’s hypothesis is tested for the first time .
They found that the Haţeg Island dinosaurs were indeed dwarfs .
One much debated theme among evolutionary ecologists is whether there is an ‘ island rule ’ , the observation that large animals isolated on islands tend to become smaller .
There is no doubt that the Haţeg dinosaurs were small , but were they just juveniles ?
Three species of the Haţeg dinosaurs - the plant - eating sauropod Magyarosaurus and the plant - eating ornithopods Telmatosaurus and Zalmoxes - are half the length of their nearest relatives elsewhere .
The team examined these three dinosaurs , each represented by many specimens , but they found no evidence of any large bones such as they would expect to find in their normal - sized relatives .
More importantly , a close study of the bones confirmed that the dinosaurs had reached adulthood .
As dinosaurs matured , just like humans , their bones lost their growing centres and fused .
In addition , detailed studies by Martin Sander in Bonn and his students , show that the bone histology ( the microscopic structure ) is adult .
Traces of earlier growth can be tracked in the core of the bone , and the outer surfaces are solid and show evidence of ‘ remodeling ’ only seen in adults .
Professor Benton said : " The idea of ‘ island dwarfing ’ is well established for more recent cases .
For example , there were dwarf elephants on many of the Mediterranean islands during the past tens of thousands of years .
These well - studied examples suggest dwarfing can happen quite quickly .
The general idea is that larger animals that find themselves isolated on an island either become extinct because there is n’t enough space for a reasonably - sized population to survive , or they adapt .
One way to adapt is to become smaller , generation by generation . "
The Haţeg dinosaurs date from close to the end of the Cretaceous Period , some 65 - 70 million years ago , when much of Europe was flooded by great seas .
There was an
archipelago of islands across eastern Europe and the Mediterranean coastal area and dinosaurs are known from some of these islands .
Haţeg Island was about 80,000 km2 in area and the rich assemblages of fossil plants , insects , fishes , frogs , lizards , birds , and mammals show that the scene was rich and tropical .
How did the dinosaurs get to the island ?
It ’s not certain whether they were marooned there as the seas rose , or whether they swam or drifted there by chance later on .
Either way , this research demonstrates that once they arrived they evolved to become dwarfs .
More information : A PDF of the paper is available A PDF of the paper is available here
Universities across the country are preparing to axe thousands of teaching jobs , close campuses and ditch courses to cope with government funding cuts , the Guardian has learned .
Other plans include using post - graduates rather than professors for teaching and the delay of major building projects .
The proposals have already provoked ballots for industrial action at a number of universities in the past week raising fears of strike action which could severely disrupt lectures and examinations .
The Guardian spoke to vice - chancellors and other senior staff at 25 universities , some of whom condemned the funding squeeze as " painful " and " insidious " .
They warned that UK universities were being pushed towards becoming US - style , quasi - privatised institutions .
The cuts are being put in place to cope with the announcement last week by the Higher Education Funding Council for England ( Hefce ) that £ 449 m – equivalent to more than a 5 % reduction nationally – would be stripped out of university budgets .
The University and College Union ( UCU ) believes that more than 15,000 posts – the majority academic – could disappear in the next few years .
Precise funding figures for each university will be released on 18 March .
The chairman of the Russell Group of elite institutions , Professor Michael Arthur , vice - chancellor of Leeds University , warned that budgets would be further slashed by 6 % in each of the next three years .
Last month he described the cuts as " devastating " .
The savings envisaged include :
• More than 200 jobs losses at King 's College , London , around 150 at the University of Westminster and , unions claim , as many as 700 at Leeds , 340 at Sheffield Hallam and 300 at Hull .
• Entire campus closures at Cumbria and Wolverhampton universities , where buildings will be mothballed and students transferred to other sites .
• Teesside University scrapping £ 2 m worth of scholarships and bursaries that would have helped poorer students .
It will also share services with a further education college in Darlington .
• Postponing plans for a £ 25 m creative arts building at Worcester and £ 12 m science block at Hertfordshire .
• Under - subscribed arts and humanities courses are being dropped .
The University of the West of England has already stopped offering French , German and Spanish ; Surrey has dropped its BA in humanities .
• Student / lecturer ratios are expected to rise , with more institutions using postgraduates and short term staff filling in for professors made redundant .
Ballots for industrial action are due to be held or are pending at the University of the Arts , Sussex University , the University of Gloucestershire and King 's College London .
Lecturers at Leeds – where 750 posts are at risk – voted by a large majority to strike this week .
Higher exam pass marks will be required to win a place at university , according to the survey of academic principals .
The cap on student numbers – set at 2008 levels – is restricting entry just as youth unemployment is peaking and intensifying competitive pressure .
Peter Mandelson , the business secretary who is in charge of universities , accused the principals of " gross exaggerations " and " extreme language " , but would not be drawn over whether he would make further cuts to higher education .
Universities had to do " no more than their fair share of belt - tightening , " he said .
" We know that universities have a vital contribution to our economic growth , so we are not going to undermine them .
We are asking for savings of less than 5 % and we expect universities to make these in a way that minimises the impact on teaching and students .
I am confident they will . "
Mandelson also denied claims by vice - chancellors that he was letting arts and humanities courses close and cared only about maths and science degrees .
On Monday it was announced that an extra £ 10 m would go to the teaching of science , technology , engineering and mathematics to support universities " that are shifting the balance of their provision towards these subjects " .
Mandelson said : " I am an arts graduate myself .
We do n't dictate to universities which courses they put on .
They tailor courses to meet demand .
We want universities to play to their strengths , but we also want to keep this country civilised . "
The pattern of cutbacks is not uniform , with some universities insisting they have been preparing for the downturn .
Many have already dropped more vulnerable subjects such as music and history , increased fees for part - time students and expect to become even more reliant on income from higher , overseas student fees .
The vice - chancellor of Southampton , Professor Don Nutbeam , told the Guardian : " This [ decision by Hefce ] is one of a series of insidious cuts that have been made to higher education . "
Professor Geoffrey Petts , vice - chancellor of Westminster University , said : " After a decade of huge successes in higher education we suddenly have to rethink . "
Tomorrow the Universities and Colleges Admission Service ( Ucas ) is due to announce record numbers of applications for places this autumn .
It is expected that as many as 300,000 applicants will be turned away .
The surge in demand comes as a government - commissioned independent review considers whether to raise tuition fees from £ 3,225 per year to up to £ 7,000 .
Over three years total cuts will amount to at least £ 950m .
The policy adopted by the government is in stark contrast to the response in the US where President Obama this week proposed a 31 % increase in education spending for next year in order to combat unemployment and develop skills .
The US needs to make significant government spending cuts or else risk losing its gold - plated credit rating that has made extensive borrowing so affordable , Moody ’s Investor Service said late Monday .
The announcement was a sobering warning that the country ’s burgeoning debt has weakened the country ’s economic standing , and that US Treasury Bonds , traditionally a bullet - proof investment , could lose their sterling Aaa-rating if Washington cannot control its federal debt .
If Moody ’s were to downgrade the country ’s rating , the impact could be severe .
It would signal to lenders worldwide that the US is no longer one of the safest places to invest money .
That , in turn , would threaten the country ’s ability to borrow freely and extensively from other countries on favorable terms .
Investors would likely demand a higher interest rate to finance US debt , which would push federal debt higher still .
“ There ’s a profound effect in this announcement , ” says Max Fraad Wolff , a professor of economics at New School University in New York .
“ The US has always been the gold standard … and this begins to signal a fall or weakness in US global economic position .
That ’s a bit like a sea change . ”
For now , a warning
Moody ’s , one of three research and ratings firms that monitor issuers of stocks and bonds , clearly indicated its announcement was a warning , and that it would not downgrade the US ’s rating soon .
“ The ratings of all Aaa governments are currently well positioned despite their stretched finances , ” Moody ’s quarterly Sovereign Monitor reported .
Although it has n’t yet taken any action to downgrade US ratings , Moody ’s announcement will likely rattle investors and decrease investor confidence in US bonds .
“ The ratings agencies are telling people , ‘ This country is not in good shape , be careful investors , ’ ” says Mr. Wolff , who is also senior economist for Beryl Consulting Group LLC .
Credit ratings are based upon the safety and success of a country ’s economy and indicate to lenders how likely a borrower , like the US government , is to pay back a loan .
Ultimately , a downgraded rating would make borrowing more expensive and threaten the US ’s ability to keep spending far more than it takes in from tax revenue , a risk the country can ill afford as it plans to ratchet up spending on everything from unemployment benefits to healthcare to Social Security .
“ If markets perceive US federal debt as more dangerous , the cost of borrowing money rises , ” says Wolff .
“ The federal government presently owes $ 10.5 trillion .
If the cost of borrowing rises , it ’s a particularly big deal if you owe a lot of money , like US government . ”
It would also exacerbate the US ’s current debt , said Pierre Cailleteau , Managing Director of Moody 's Sovereign Risk Group .
" At the current elevated levels of debt , rising interest rates could quickly compound an already complicated debt equation , with more abrupt rating consequences a possibility , " Mr. Cailleteau said in the report .
In it ’s report , Moody ’s said debt levels in the US were to blame for its threatened economic standing .
“ This is a signal to the US government : do n’t keep spending like this , we are displeased with it , " says Wolff .
A global concern
Similar problems in Europe have triggered this announcement , Wolff adds .
“ Problems in Portugal , Ireland , Italy , and Greece , have reawakened questions about the quality of sovereign debt , ” he says .
The Obama administration estimates US deficit ( the difference between how much money a government takes in and how much it spends ) will rise to 10.6 percent of GDP this year , the highest level since 1946 .
Federal debt ( money the government owes lenders ) will likely reach 64 percent of GDP .
The US can straighten up its balance sheet – for example , raising taxes and cutting spending – to stave off a downgrade , says Moody’s .
“ A key issue is whether governments are able and willing to implement such unprecedented adjustments , ” said Mr. Cailleteau , in a statement .
The Jerusalem Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
,
Times
Times
JPost.com staff contributed to this report .
On Monday night , Melvyn Adam Mildiner , a British Israeli man who made aliya from London nine years ago , went to bed suffering from what he said is pneumonia .
When he woke up the following morning , Mildiner said , he was stunned to discover that one of the members of an alleged hit squad who assassinated senior Hamas operative Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel last month went under an alias which was identical to his name .
" I have no idea how to clear my name .
Interpol has a warrant out for my arrest .
I do n't know how I will travel .
I went to bed with pneumonia and woke up a ' murderer , " Mildiner toldon Tuesday .
What began as a trickle of emails and calls quickly turned into a flood of incessant phone calls from the media on Tuesday , Mildiner added .
Mildiner , who lives with his wife in a town near Jerusalem , said the entire episode " came out of the blue . " " First , clearly it is n't me .
It does n't look like me .
The details are not correct [ in the UK passport publicized by Dubai Police as allegedly being used by the hit squad member ] .
The date of birth is wrong .
I 've never been to Dubai .
Someone , somewhere decided to use my identity for something , " Mildiner added .
" I am seeking legal advice and looking into how I could clear my name .
I do n't know to proceed .
I 've had offers to be on every television show , including some I 've never heard of .
I 'm waiting to hear from my lawyer , " said Mildiner .
"
We do n't know for sure who did this , despite what everyone 's saying .
I 'm angry with whoever has done it .
My identity should be a bit more sacrosanct than that , " he added .
For now , Mildiner said , he was focusing on getting rest , and would be giving media interviews a break .
On Tuesday night , Channel 10 reported that seven of the eleven names that appeared in the passports allegedly used by the hit squad that killed Mabhouh belong to olim with dual citizenships .
The seven olim are six British nationals and one German national , said the TV channel .
Police in Dubai claim the alleged assassination team comprised six British passport holders , three Irish and one each from France and Germany .
Also on Tuesday , Ireland said three Irish passport holders identified by Dubai Police as being members of the alleged assassination team were not Irish citizens and the UK and Ireland announced that all of the British and Irish passports allegedly used by the hit squad were forged .
Meanwhile , Germany said it did not recognize the passport number used by one of the suspects .
The London - basednewspaper said on Tuesday that UK authorities had launched an investigation to determine whether the identities of any Britons had been " stolen " by the hit squad .
According to the , one the people named by Dubai police as a suspected assassin , Stephen Daniel Hodes , shares a name with a " real " Briton .
The man 's mother , who lives in Manchester , " is in a complete tizz , " the newspaper quoted her colleague as saying .
" Thankfully there was the picture which is not her son .
Whether someone has stolen identity or whether there are two Stephen Daniel Hodes I do n't know .
She called in the office in a complete panic , " the woman 's colleague said .
In a video made two weeks before his death , and broadcast on Al - Jazeera earlier this month , Mabhouh said he kidnapped and murdered two IDF soldiers , Ilan Saadon and Avi Sasportas , in 1989 .
Mabhouh said he disguised himself as an Orthodox Jew during the terrorist attack .
Israeli defense officials said Mabhouh was tasked with smuggling long - distance Iranian rockets into Gaza .
Dubai police have not discussed the purpose of Mabhouh 's visit to the Gulf state .
Since the start of the year , Oakland police have confiscated more than 200 illegal guns during routine traffic stops and planned police arrests .
In Richmond , police seized more than 25 guns in vehicles during routine traffic stops in January alone .
Illegal guns have become an epidemic problem in the East Bay .
It seems we 've become numb to the constant gun violence and remain unfazed when the gunman turns out to be too young to possess a driver 's license .
When three hooded men walked into the New Gethsemane Church of God in Christ on Valentine 's Day and opened fire during a service , the public was shocked that the shooting occurred inside a church - a site that in most cultures is considered sanctuary and neutral ground .
One suspect , a 16 - year - old boy , was taken into custody over the weekend .
A 15 - year - old boy arrested last week has been released without charges as the investigation continues .
Unfortunately , the continuing gun violence in the Bay Area comes at a time when gun laws seem headed in the wrong direction .
A new federal law allowing guns to be carried for protection in most national parks took effect Monday - and in recent months , some Bay Area residents have begun availing themselves of a state law that allows them to carry unloaded sidearms .
" There is a different feel out there right now , " said former state Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata , a strong gun-control advocate who , as a state and county official , has sponsored gun-control legislation .
He is now a candidate to become Oakland 's next mayor in the November election .
" It 's almost as if people have become accustomed or resigned themselves to the fact there will be a lot of guns on our streets . "
When police do arrest people with illegal guns in their possession , rarely is the punishment serious .
" Most of the guys we catch with guns end up charged with misdemeanors and plead out for next to nothing , " said Richmond Police Chief Chris Magnus .
As a countermeasure , Magnus has proposed a plan to trace every weapon recovered on the street using DNA technology available through state and federal agencies .
The county 's crime lab does not possess the technology needed for such testing , he said .
The chief 's plan calls for a 20 percent reduction in gun violence and homicides in Richmond this year .
In addition to that strategy , Richmond will soon join Oakland in using restraining orders as " gang injunctions " to prohibit certain activities and bar known gang members from drug hotspots and areas where they are known to congregate .
In Oakland , a new police chief has vowed to make the city one of the state 's safest in the next five years using a similar array of tools to accomplish the work .
Police Chief Anthony Batts said his officers will focus on tracing guns back to the point of origin and working with federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives authorities to identify and prosecute the people illegally transporting them from gun shows outside the state .
Interstate transport of such weapons is a federal crime .
Until someone comes up with a way to remove the violence from people 's hearts , it is incumbent on the elected leaders in a civilized society to legally remove the guns from the hands of those who would use them to harm others .
* Paris Club agrees to cancel Afghanistan ’s total debt
* Washington welcomes decision
( Adds details )
PARIS , March 17 ( Reuters ) - The Paris Club has agreed to cancel all of the debt owed to it by Afghanistan , in a deal worth $ 1.026 billion , the group of sovereign creditors said in a statement on Wednesday .
Afghanistan is one of the world ’s poorest nations and faces funding needs to rebuild from years of conflict .
“ As a contribution to restoring the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan ’s debt sustainability , Paris Club creditors decided to cancel $ 441 million , ” the group said after a meeting .
In addition , the creditors committed on a bilateral and voluntary basis to provide additional debt relief of $ 585 million , it said .
The participants were Germany , Russia and the United States .
The U.S. Treasury Department said the decision to forgive all Afghanistan ’s debts will help put the country on a path of economic sustainability .
U.S. Treasury officials have been working with the Afghan ministry of finance since 2002 to streamline the budget process , improve payment systems and restructure its debt , which helped persuade the Paris Club to forgive its debts [ ID : nWALHEE63R ] .
In late January , Afghanistan won $ 1.6 billion in debt relief from the World Bank , International Monetary Fund and creditor nations [ ID:nN26143859 ] .
The Paris Club creditors said they welcomed Afghanistan ’s determination to implement a comprehensive poverty reduction strategy and an ambitious economic programme which would pave the way for sustainable economic growth amid a difficult global economic environment .
( Writing by Anna Willard and Sophie Taylor ; editing by Stephen Nisbet )
If you ’ve ever experienced composting in action , you may know that things can get pretty hot when microbes meet organic material .
So what if there was a way to capture all that heat and use it to warm up a cozy little space ?
Tokyo based architects
Bakoko have come up with a circular pod-shaped teahouse that does just that by harnessing temperatures in excess of 120 °F that are generated by compost .
The designers are taking a simple , biological process and turning it into a viable ( and free ) way to heat small public spaces like the traditional garden teahouses found all throughout Japan .
Tentatively named “ Comploo , ” Bakoko ’s small structure is composed of a series of large , specially shaped compost hoppers arranged in a ring to form an enclosure .
To feed the composter , garden waste , food scraps or other compost materials can be dropped in through a door at the top of each bin .
A system of sealed ducts runs through each of the bins , and as the air circulates within the walls , the decaying compost warms it .
This heated air is in turn emitted through a central vent that releases into the structure ’s interior .
Occupants can comfortably sit along a circular bench surrounding the heat source , and enjoy the ambient natural light permeating through the transparent dome roof above .
Currently the design team is hard at work resolving technical details , such as how to adequately aerate the compost , control moisture , and mitigate odors .
They hope to build a fully - composting prototype soon .
Bakoko forsees the structure best suited as a resting point in large urban parks , community gardens , or even serving as an outdoor cafe – “ anywhere that generates a continuous supply of organic waste for fuel . ” Via www.bakoko.jp
The lead author of this publication is David Korowicz .
You may remember him for his talk at the Oil Drum / ASPO Conference at Alkatraz , Italy last summer called Things Fall Apart : Complexity , Supply Chains , Infrastructure & Collapse .
This paper talks about the likely systemic impacts of peak oil , including the possibility of collapse .
With a long publication such as this , it is difficult to know how to present a reasonable subset of the material .
In this post , we are publishing the Summary as Part 1 .
Our tentative plan is to publish three additional excerpts from the paper later .
Those who wish to read the paper now can download it from the link above .
Tipping Point Near - Term Systemic Implications of a Peak in Global Oil Production An Outline Review
Summary
The credit crisis exemplifies society 's difficulties in the timely management of risks outside our experience or immediate concerns , even when such risks are well signposted .
We have passed or are close to passing the peak of global oil production .
Our civilisation is structurally unstable to an energy withdrawal .
There is a high probability that our integrated and globalised civilisation is on the cusp of a fast and near - term collapse .
As individuals , and as a social species we put up huge psychological defences to protect the status quo .
We 've heard this doom prophesied for decades , all is still well !
What about technology ?
Rising energy prices will bring more oil !
We need a Green New Deal !
We still have time !
We ’re busy with a financial crisis !
This is depressing !
If this were important , everybody would be talking about it !
Yet the evidence for such a scenario is as close to cast iron as any upon which policy is built :
Oil production must peak ; there is a growing probability that it has or will soon peak ; energy flows and a functioning economy are by necessity highly correlated ; our basic local needs have become dependent upon a hyper - complex , integrated , tightly - coupled global fabric of exchange ; our primary infrastructure is dependent upon the operation of this fabric and global economies of scale ; credit is the integral part of the fabric of our monetary , economic and trade systems ; a credit market must collapse in a contracting economy , and so on .
We are living within dynamic processes .
It matters little what technologies are in the pipeline , the potential of wind power in some choice location , or that the European Commission has a target ; if a severe economic and structural collapse occurs before their enactment , then they may never be enacted .
Our primary question is what happens if there is a net decrease in energy flow through our civilisation ?
For it is absolutely dependent upon increasing flows of concentrated energy to evolve and grow , and to form and maintain its complex structures .
The rules governing energy and its transformation , the laws of thermodynamics , are the inviolate framework through which all things happen - the evolution of the universe , the direction of time , life on earth , human development , the evolution of civilisation , and economic processes .
This point is not rhetorical , access to increasing flows of concentrated energy , which can be transformed into work and dispersed energy , is the foundation upon which our civilisation stands .
Yet we are at a point where these flows are , with high probability , about to begin decreasing .
We should intuit that an energy withdrawal should have major systemic implications , for without energy flows nothing happens .
The key to understanding the implications of peak oil is to see it not just directly through its effect on transport , petrochemicals , or food say , but its systemic effects .
A globalising , integrated and co-dependant economy has evolved with particular dynamics and embedded structures that have made our basic welfare dependent upon delocalised ' local ' economies .
It has locked us into hyper - complex economic and social processes that are increasing our vulnerability , but which we are unable to alter without risking a collapse in those same welfare supporting structures .
And without increasing energy flows , those embedded structures , which include our expectations , institutions and infrastructure that evolved and adapted in the expectation of further economic growth cannot be maintained .
In order to address these questions , the following paper considers the nature and evolution of this complex integrated globalised civilisation from which energy is being withdrawn .
Some broad issues in thermodynamics , the energy - economy relationship , peak oil , and the limits of mitigation are reviewed .
It is argued that assumptions about future oil production as held by some peak oil aware commentators are misleading .
We draw on some concepts in systems dynamics and critical transitions to frame our discussion .
The economics of peak oil are explicated using three indicative models : linear decline ; oscillating decline ; and systemic collapse .
While these models are not to be considered as mutually exclusive , a case is made that our civilisation is close to a critical transition , or collapse .
A series of integrated collapse mechanisms are described and are argued to be necessary .
The principle driving mechanisms are re-enforcing ( positive ) feedbacks :
• A decline in energy flows will reduce global economic production ; reduced global production will undermine our ability to produce , trade , and use energy ; which will further decrease economic production .
• Credit forms the basis of our monetary system , and is the unifying embedded structure of the global economy .
In a growing economy debt and interest can be repaid , in a declining economy not even the principle can be paid back .
In other words , reduced energy flows cannot maintain the economic production to service debt .
Real debt outstanding in the world is not repayable , new credit will almost vanish .
• Our localized needs and welfare have become ever - more dependent upon hyper - integrated globalised supply - chains .
One pillar of their system - wide functioning is monetary confidence and bank intermediation .
Money in our economies is backed by debt and holds no intrinsic value ; deflation and hyper- inflation risks will make monetary stability impossible to maintain .
In addition , the banking system as a whole must become insolvent as their assets ( loans ) cannot be realised , they are also at risk from failing infrastructure .
• A failure of this pillar will collapse world trade .
Our ' local ' globalised economies will fracture for there is virtually nothing produced in developed countries that can be considered truly indigenous .
The more complex the systems and inputs we rely upon , the more globalised they are , and the more we are at risk from a complete systemic collapse .
• Another pillar is the operation of critical infrastructure ( IT - telecoms / electricity generation / financial system / transport / water & sewage ) which has become increasingly co-dependent where a systemic failure in one may cause cascading failure in the others .
This infrastructure depends upon continual re-supply ; embodies short lifetime components ; complex highly resource intensive and specialized supply - chains ; and large economies of scale .
They also depend upon the operation of the monetary and financial system .
These dependencies are likely to induce rapid growth in the risk of systemic failure .
• The high dependence of food on fossil fuel inputs , the delocalisation of food sourcing , and lean just - in - time inventories could lead to quickly evolving food insecurity risks even in the most developed countries .
At issue is not just food production , but the ability to link surpluses to deficits , collapsed purchasing power , and the ability to monetize transactions .
• Peak oil is likely to force peak energy in general .
The ability to bring on new energy production and maintain existing energy infrastructure is likely to be severely compromised .
We may see massive demand and supply collapses with limited ability to re-boot .
• The above mechanisms are non-linear , mutually re-enforcing , and not exclusive .
• We argue that one of the principle initial drivers of the collapse process will be growing visible action about peak oil .
It is expected that investors will attempt to extract themselves from ‘ virtual assets ’ such as bond , equities , and cash and convert them into ‘ real ’ assets before the system collapses .
But the nominal value of virtual assets vastly exceeds the real assets likely to be available .
Confirmation of the peak oil idea ( by official action ) , fear , and market decline will drive a positive feedback in financial markets .
• We outline the implications for climate change .
A major collapse in greenhouse gas is expected , though may be impossible to quantitatively model .
This may reduce the risks of severe climate change impacts .
However the relative ability to cope with the impacts of climate change will be much lower [ orig .
says greater ] as we will be much poorer with much reduced resilience .
This will evolve as a systemic crisis ; as the integrated infrastructure of our civilisation breaks down .
It will give rise to a multi - front predicament that will swamp governments ’ ability to manage .
It is likely to lead to widespread disorientation , anxiety , severe welfare risks , and possible social breakdown .
The report argues that a managed ‘ de - growth ’ is impossible .
We are at the cusp of rapid and severely disruptive changes .
From now on the risk of entering a collapse must be considered significant and rising .
The challenge is not about how we introduce energy infrastructure to maintain the viability of the systems we depend upon , rather it is how we deal with the consequences of not having the energy and other resources to maintain those same systems .
Appeals towards localism , transition initiatives , organic food and renewable energy production , however laudable and necessary , are totally out of scale to what is approaching .
There is no solution , though there are some paths that are better and wiser than others .
This is a societal issue , there is no ‘ other ’ to blame , but the responsibility belongs to us all .
What we require is rapid emergency planning coupled with a plan for longer - term adaptation .
Iran is deepening its fight against the opposition Green Movement by publishing photographs of protesters in the hopes that informants will step forward and identify them to authorities
Two sets of photographs were published on the pro-Ahmadinejad Raja News site , both in the wake of violent Dec. 27 demonstrations on the Shiite Muslim holiday of Ashura .
The latest , published Monday , displays 47 images containing about 100 faces circled in red – adding to the 38 photos published last week with 65 faces circled .
The announcement offered readers a hotline and a website to give Iranian police tips on the identity of those individuals .
In addition , the state - owned broadcaster featured Hojjatolislam Qarayati , a pro-regime cleric , urging all religious Iranians to report demonstrators to the authorities .
“ This technique of identifying protesters is basically an appeal to people who know them – i.e. have a grudge – to come forward and hand them in , ” says James Spencer , director of research and analysis at Scymitar Consulting , a London - based group .
“ This has n’t altered radically since medieval or Wild West wanted posters . ”
The rare move of issuing a public appeal for help suggests that Iran 's law enforcement authorities are overwhelmed by the range and social spread of protesters spilling onto the streets .
While the Revolutionary Guard , known as the IRGC , has been expanding into the Ministry of Intelligence 's traditional area of coverage , Iran 's professional and ideological army is more accustomed to being used to defend the country from external threats .
Although Iran ’s electronic warfare capabilities and ballistic missile and nuclear programs position it as one of the Middle East ’s most technologically advanced nations , such skills do n’t seem to have filtered down to an intelligence ministry more famed for its strong human intelligence assets .
While Britain and the US possess advanced facial recognition - enabled CCTV networks that allow for the automatic identification and tracking of suspects , Iran is not known to have acquired such an ability .
Shoddy file - keeping and other security practices at the intelligence ministry were corroborated by a Dubai - based activist who was detained during the summer in one of the post-election demonstrations .
His worries that a previous detention would lead to harsher punishment dissipated after he realized that , even assuming his prior stint had been registered , poor information - sharing between different intelligence branches still shielded him from discovery .
Last month , he successfully tested this theory when he returned to Iran to participate in demonstrations timed for Ashura and entered and exited the country unhindered .
This reporter experienced a similar dearth in information - sharing during his own detention this past summer .
Despite living in Tehran for three years between 2004 and 2007 , his interrogators displayed minimal knowledge of his background and had to consult a CV culled from his confiscated laptop for biographical information .
The Revolutionary Guard pioneered the technique of actively employing the Internet in repressing dissent immediately after the disputed presidential elections in June when it began posting pictures of wanted men and women on the IRGC - affiliated website www.basirat.ir.
Raja
News readers contributed postings with comments such as , “ They are all mohareb [ fighters against Allah ] and must be executed . ”
Since the summer , the Revolutionary Guard , traditionally the repository of hi-tech tools , has increasingly muscled into the Intelligence Ministry ’s traditional area of coverage .
For example it established a parallel intelligence apparatus for the capital city after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had a well - publicized spat with former Intelligence Minister Mohsen Ejhei that prompted his resignation
The Intelligence Ministry ’s identification tools are more hands - on .
While this reporter was being held in Tehran ’s Evin prison for three weeks last summer , he was pressured to name antiregime demonstrators and witnessed intelligence officials using marker pens to circle recurring faces in freshly - printed images shot by intelligence ministry - subsidized photographers at demonstrations .
Many Green Movement demonstrators have adapted to the ministry ’s techniques , learning to identify where traffic cameras are positioned and taking care to come to protests disguised with bandannas or sunglasses .
“ We have to assume they probably have access to pretty good technology , ” said a Tehran - based analyst who requested anonymity for fear of persecution .
“ The main effect of these picture - shows will be that people might get concerned about showing their faces at the protests and might take increased measures to cover up .
At the same time , people are increasingly bold . ”
The Guardian just published a report about a text published by the Met Office :
Detection and attribution of climate change : a regional perspective ( free abstract , paid full text )
After Climategate and other reports questioning climate change science , many people worldwide are still skeptical about global warming .
What would you say to disbelievers to get them to change their minds ?
I think the people running climate change denial campaigns are sociopaths .
They do n't want you to get off the grid in any sense because then you'd be autonomous and they could n't make you buy their poison .
In fact , there are two articles in the Guardian that " know " in advance that the Met Office will " strengthen " the case for human - induced climate change : the witches and prophets told them .
The second article has a title that unmasks what is the real motivation behind the Met Office report :
Yes , ladies and gentlemen , exactly 100 days after the AGW alarmism largely collapsed , the Met Office just found the fingerprints of Man imprinted everywhere in the climate .
Because there had n't been any fingerprints before the paper , we must ask :
How did they realize this ambitious goal ?
;-) We learn that they did n't even need a single research paper to do so .
One review was enough ! :-)
Well , it 's somewhat harder to find what the " holy grail " or " fingerprint " actually is .
The Guardian article seems to be nothing else than another dose of the nonsense saying that everything about the climate is getting worse - and it must therefore be due to Man who is the only source of sins in the world .
Amen .
You can't even find the actual paper - which is claimed to be a review paper summarizing 100 other papers .
Even when you look at the Met Office website , there only seems to be a press release with a couple of big mouths who claim to suddenly know everything .
Does n't sound too good .
After lots of time , I was able to find out that the paper actually does exist :
There really does n't seem to be a single glimpse of a man-made fingerprint in the first Guardian article ( or in the abstract of the full paper ) .
They just say many wrong things about particular regional questions .
For example , wet places are getting wetter and dry places are getting drier , we learn .
That 's a pretty bizarre statement given the recent observations that Sahara is greening
But even if the statement about the escalating droughts were true - and probably none of their statements about the regional weather is true - how could it reveal a fingerprint of the Man ?
It self - evidently makes no sense whatsoever .
The human fingerprint would have to look like something specifically human , e.g. the picture on the left .
This is true about all other statements in the article .
None of them shows anything like a man-made fingerprint .
And many of them actually show a disagreement with the man -made fingerprint .
Look e.g. at this basic map of the 1970 - 2004 temperature change across the globe which they also included : Does it reveal a man-made fingerprint ?
Well , we must know how the man -made fingerprint looks like .
If the warming were due to the enhanced greenhouse effect , it would have to be global , i.e. uniform over the globe .
In particular , it should have the same values in the Northern and Southern hemispheres because the concentrations of CO2 become rapidly uniform by diffusion .
At most , you could see some enhanced feedbacks in the polar regions but they should be North - South symmetric .
Instead , what the graph above shows is a warm fingerprint in Alaska .
It could have been caused by the warm hand of Sarah Palin .
But in that case , it would be a woman - made fingerprint , not a man -made fingerprint .
We see some warming in much of the Northern Hemisphere , and cooling in southern parts of the Southern Hemisphere ( much of the blue / green region conveniently has " insufficient data " ) .
The North - South asymmetry represents a big disagreement with the " greenhouse fingerprint " .
And of course , many more detailed disagreements of this kind - when the dependence on the altitude is considered - are known .
The greenhouse theory just does n't seem to work as an explanation of any of the " details " .
But even if you were hiding the North vs South problem above , how could the map above be considered a " man-made fingerprint " ?
A more sensible interpretation of the map is that the temperature in different regions is changing somewhat independently , randomly , and the regions which were warming from 1978 to 2004 just seem to be somewhat larger than the regions that were cooling .
But that 's not too shocking .
After all , there are no quotas in Nature that would guarantee that 50 % of the globe must be cooling at every moment .
Random numbers do n't work like that .
And moreover , Nature is not quite random .
They try to criticize the Sun as a driver of climate change ( they must really hate this star which gives us pretty much all the energy ) - but there are lots of other obviously important causes of climate change that they 're trying to hide .
It 's clear that much of the climate change results from regional changes , modified patterns of the ocean and atmospheric circulations at various spots .
They not only failed to rule out them as an explanation : it 's impossible to rule them out because they surely do play some role .
And there 's no reason why the " overall " effect of the changes to the oceans should be constant time time .
We know it 's not .
For example , a very recently discussed paper by German and Russian climatologists claims that it 's normal for the climate to oscillate in the observed way at this place of the glaciation cycle , before a new ice age arrives : Register
One more comment about the format .
It 's supposed to be a review paper .
But such things are just a matter or propaganda , education , or presentation .
They do n't actually bring the original evidence in favor or against various theories .
If there had been no convincing " fingerprint " found in the expert literature before 2009 , one cannot find it in review papers , either .
The only reason why someone would prefer to " support " a hypothesis by a review paper citing 100 other random papers is that none of the 100 papers can actually settle the question .
None of them really bring any convincing evidence that could be shown to others - so the author of the review just wants to impress some people by the quantity instead of the quality .
But for scientific arguments , it is always just the quality that matters .
100 lousy arguments and vague proclamations that someone like AGW are just not enough to beat 1 solid argument in real science .
It 's not shocking that 100 papers trying to support AGW have been written - the AGW research industry has swallowed tens of billions of dollars and you can surely hire typists who can write millions of pages of text for the money .
However , this extensive and expensive activity has n't produced any evidence supporting AGW - much like the millions of monkeys who almost never write Shakespeare 's plays .
The main reason is that what they 're trying to prove for the money is not true .
The funding for climate science has increased by a factor of 10 in the last 15 years or so - so you can also say that only 10 % of the funding is for the legitimate old - fashioned climate science and 90 % of the money they 're getting today are bribes for them to get AGW - alarming results .
The whole field is completely corrupt but being completely corrupt is not a sufficient condition for being able to produce the actual scientific evidence .
So the work of the Met Office is just about propaganda .
It 's not science .
It 's about their attempts to intimidate people by suggesting that there are hundreds of people who may disagree with you if you disagree with AGW .
But none of them actually has any argument that would be ready for a detailed promotion in isolation .
It 's only the quantity , the brute force of the people who have a vested interest for the panic to continue .
That 's not how science can be done .
I think that the British should abolish the existing Met Office and start from the scratch because the institution has been so brutally contaminated that it is no longer useful for the society .
It is not useful for the climate projections but it is not useful for the weather forecast , either .
In fact , it may be more harmful than useful .
And that 's the memo .
Looks great , does n't it ?
However , you do n't necessarily want to generalize your visual perception to her brain which is ...
Well , look what Lucy Lawless told Mother Nature Network about the ClimateGate : You have heard Xena 's word . ;-)
I wonder what poison she 's buying for her brain - it will probably be a nasty one .
If you 're an alarmist and you want to effectively use her excellent argument about the poison , grid , and sociopathy , be ready that if two people are doing the same thing , it 's not quite the same thing .
One more AGW video from her .
Blessed are poor in spirit . ;-)
Have you tried Plan @ before your Plan A ? ;-)
More importantly , have you tried to live on Planet Earth before Planet A ? :-)
The video above shows one of the disadvantages of having a reduced funding .
If skeptics ' financial resources are 4,000 times smaller than those of the alarmists , they must be ready for the fact that they can pay 4,000 times fewer low - brow charming MILFs for their video clips .
Let 's hope that this quantity , the number of video clips with attractive yet low - brow older women , wo n't decide about the future of our civilization .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
How US news blocks 9/11 info
Is there anything more loathsome
than the mainstream news media ?
Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Some things we just do not talk about
Advertisement
" Whatever you do , do n't try to educate yourself .
Just accept the party line and get back to work . "
The mainstream media has never shown any interest in 9/11 research , but when a lone nut * may * have been interested in the subject , they descended on a recent 9/11 research conference like a pack of jackals after raw meat .
Dishonest to the core .
Show full PR text
Monsoon Multimedia Introduces World 's First Convergence Device with 4 Major Disruptive Video Technologies
Monsoon 's Volcano Incorporates Similar Functionalities of TiVo , Slingbox , Roku and Remote DVR All in a Single Convergence Box
LAS VEGAS , Jan. 7 / PRNewswire / -- CES -- Monsoon Multimedia , a leader in video convergence technologies and maker of the popular HAVA place - shifting products , today announced Volcano , its next generation home video convergence device .
Volcano incorporates major features of TiVo ( time shifting ) , Slingbox / HAVA ( place shifting ) , Roku ( Internet video such as Netflix movies ) and new functionalities that support streaming and recording video to smartphones , all in one box .
Volcano supports all major smartphone and computer operating systems such as Android , iPhone , BlackBerry , Symbian , Windows Mobile , Windows and Mac .
Volcano allows consumers to schedule and record any of their familiar TV channels remotely from a smartphone to the Volcano 's hard - drive and watch the video at the same time or transfer the stored content to a smartphone for later viewing .
This can be accomplished through a 3G or Wi-Fi connection from anywhere in the world including airplanes , cars , trains , offices or hotel rooms .
Unique , integrated players and EPGs ( Electronic Programming Guides ) can be downloaded by Volcano users on to any of the popular smartphones or their Windows / Mac computers .
Smartphone users on average can download 128 hours of video or 84 movies of 90 minutes duration on to their phones thanks to Monsoon 's powerful video compression technology .
Computer users can download considerably more content on to their hard - drives .
A full - length movie can be downloaded on to a smartphone in minutes using a broadband connection .
Smartphone users also have the option of viewing any program live without recording it .
With the included hard - drive and a remote control , Volcano can also be used as a TiVo DVR at home .
Slingbox / HAVA features included in Volcano enable consumers at home or in remote locations to watch their TV programs live on their smartphones or computers .
Volcano is connected to the analog output of a set - top box .
At 150 kbps uplink speed and by using Monsoon 's new technology deploying H.264 compression , Volcano now allows consumers with lower uplink bandwidth to stream video to the Internet and view the video in high quality in remote locations .
In addition , Volcano owners can surf the web using the included remote control to watch YouTube videos or view movies from online services including CinemaNow ! and others on their big screen TV .
Many more television and video applications like Boxee will be added to the Volcano throughout 2010 .
" With the ubiquity of the TiVo , Slingbox / HAVA and Roku ( Netflix ) , consumers have become accustomed to having access to diverse television and Internet infotainment content and services when , where and how they like it , " said Colin Stiles , Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Monsoon Multimedia .
" No one wants a box for each separate feature in addition to their cable / satellite set - top box , or to spend a fortune in acquiring them .
Our new Volcano convergence product provides all of these exciting features plus remote DVR in a single sleek , easy - to - use unit , allowing consumers to have multiple video features for a fraction of the cost .
As new disruptive video convergence technologies emerge , Monsoon will integrate them in its Volcano through software upgrades . "
Consumers can also use their smartphones instead of a physical remote controller to control all the Volcano features at home .
The installation of the device is through a simple one step process innovated by Monsoon .
Automatic wireless set up is achieved through 801.11n wireless technology embedded in the Volcano .
Volcano has built - in infrared technology to control the set - top box / TV remotely .
Monsoon Multimedia Volcano :
* All - in- One video convergence device combines major features of TiVo , Slingbox / HAVA , Roku and Remote DVR features for a fraction of the cost
* High -quality video playback
* Includes hardware remote control ; smartphones and computers have on - screen remotes
* Free app with EPG supports Windows , Mac , Linux , iPhone , Blackberry , Android , Symbian and Windows Mobile smartphones
* Streams high - quality video at H.264 and MPEG - 4 standards at 150kbps
* Enables full remote control and channel changing capabilities of any TV source such as Cable , Satellite , DVD or TiVo
* Wireless N for video uplink and broadcast throughout the home
* Smooth video over 3G as well as Wi-Fi
* Browse EPG for schedules , series and episode descriptions
* Built in infrared to control set - top box remotely
* Multiple users can have recordings on the Volcano hard - drive and access them independently
Pricing and Availability
The Volcano comes in two different configurations .
Volcano and Volcano Pro have a projected selling price of US $ 199 and US $ 299 respectively .
Volcano will come with 4GB of flash memory , while the Pro version will come with a 250 GB hard - drive .
Volcano products will be available in March of 2010 through leading on - line etailers , and can be directly purchased with a lifetime or term based subscription from Monsoon ( www.myhava.com).
A customized version of Volcano is slated to be available at all the leading retailers worldwide starting this summer .
This product will be offered by a Monsoon technology licensee .
People arriving in Australia from high - risk countries will have to submit their fingerprints and other biometric data under a proposed $ 70 million anti-terrorism scheme outlined in a Government white paper .
The Federal Government will today release the anti-terrorism white paper that was originally promised at the end of last year .
The paper will declare terrorism a permanent feature of Australia 's security environment and say the main threat is from a global jihadist movement , including Al Qaeda .
It will note an increase in the threat from people born or raised in Australia who have become influenced by violent jihadist messages .
The Government will announce nearly $ 70 million to introduce biometric checks on visa applicants from around 10 countries .
It has not yet said which nations will be chosen , but is targeting those with a higher national security risk .
Applicants from those nations will have to submit their fingerprints and photos to be cross-checked against databases of known criminals and terrorists .
Speaking on AM today , Foreign Minister Stephen Smith would not confirm whether Indonesia would be one of the countries on the list .
" We 're not proposing to identify the countries concerned until we actually engage in the roll - out , for all of the obvious reasons , " he said .
" We 'll be in consultation with the countries concerned .
Whether that 's done at ministerial level or official level time will tell . "
Mr Smith says the white paper shows that the threat from Al Qaeda is evolving , and Australia must also be aware of threats from " homegrown " terrorists .
" We have to be very careful to watch that in Australia , " he said .
" The techniques of the terrorists are also evolving . "
Have you been watching the sweet movements of Mars as it cruises across the starry nights ?
Perhaps , like many of us , you ’re snowed in right now and could use a little mental and visual inspiration .
If so , then step inside and let ’s take a look at what it ’s like to enjoy clear , dark skies while riding on the ecliptic plane …
This sumptuous image was taken .. well , tomorrow , actually .
If you ’re into stellar patterns , then it did n’t take you long to notice the stars were “ upside down ” in relation to the background – a sure clue it came from the southern hemisphere .
And you ’d be right !
The photo is a ten - second exposure taken with a tripod mounted Nikon camera and done by the one and only “ Tasmanian Devil ” – Shevill Mathers .
( And how I ’d love to be exposed to 10 seconds of that kind of sky action ! )
Can you imagine just stepping out your back door and seeing the stars so bright and beautiful ?
For those of us who may never get a chance to travel out of our earthly hemisphere , the vision would be incredible – but all wrong for what we know .
Why ?
Because we ’re simply accustomed to certain things being in a certain place in the sky , and one of the most imprinted of all is the ecliptic plane .
Nope , it ’s not a flight you can hop to another country where the weather is warmer , but it is the apparent path the Sun follows across the sky during the year and the projection of the Earth ’s orbital plane onto the celestial sphere .
The ecliptic plane would seem to move to the east along this imaginary spherical surface , the celestial sphere , in relation to the fixed stars .
In this case , the ( well , almost ) fixed set of stars we ’re looking at is Messier Object 44 , but where will Mars go next ?
Not precisely in the direction you might think .
While we might believe the planets also follow the ecliptic plane exactly , that ’s just not so .
Our solar system members follow the invariable plane of a planetary system , also called Laplace ’s invariable plane .
Without getting too technical , this means a slight change in the magnitude of the angular momentum of the planets , as well as a change in their direction ( precession ) because the rotational axes are not parallel to the orbital axes .
Add to that the galactic plane and set everything spinning .
If you think that ’s confusing , then just imagine the ecliptic being on the “ wrong ” side of the sky !
Whether it ’s right or wrong , Mars and Messier 44 will still be dancing around with each other for many days yet to come .
Be sure to catch this lovely vision and try not to get dizzy !
Many thanks to Shevill Mathers for sharing a southern summer night with us !
Just jotting down some recommendations from a friend :
Create an EXE4J_JAVA_HOME environment variable that points to your JDK installation ( i.e. export EXE4J_JAVA_HOME=$JAVA_HOME ) .
Delete the < idea install dir > / jre directory
Add the following JVM options to what you may already have in Idea ’s JVM config ( < idea install dir>/bin/idea.exe.vmoptions on Windows ) : -XX :+UseConcMarkSweepGC
-XX:+CMSIncrementalMode
Bugs in Your Bed Seattle 's Imminent Bedbug Crisis
James Yamasaki
Of all the disturbing things about bedbugs , their mating habits may be the worst .
Cimex lectularius have evolved a breeding technique called " traumatic insemination , " and it 's even more horrible than it sounds .
A male bedbug 's penis is literally a weapon — a sharp , brown hypodermic hook that forgot about the female reproductive canal long ago .
Here 's how he uses it :
The male pounces on the female , holds her firmly while she struggles , and gouges his hook through her exoskeleton , squirting his sperm directly into her body cavity .
The sperm swims through her hemolymph ( a bug 's version of blood ) and , if the mating wound does n't develop a serious infection and kill her , eventually swims to her ovaries .
Biologists used to believe males and females of a given species evolved together for sexual fitness , the Darwinian version of romance .
But bedbugs , scientists have found , have engaged in a millennia - long struggle of " sexually antagonistic coevolution " in which individual males damage individual females for overall reproductive advantage .
Female bedbugs have counterevolved " spermalege , " a special sperm - receptacle organ in the abdomen that helps absorb the trauma — if the hypodermic penis hits it .
Bedbugs are n't exactly careful maters .
Male bugs sometimes traumatically inseminate each other , though scientists are n't sure whether this is a function of sexual competition or just carelessness .
Regardless , sex is bad for female bedbugs .
A 2003 study for the Royal Society of London found that the more sex a female bedbug has , the shorter her life will be .
A bed infested with bedbugs is n't just a party for bloodsuckers that will make you itch — it 's also a Verdun of buggy sexual warfare .
This past summer , Lauren Hester began to itch .
Then she noticed red welts in little rows all over her skin .
She was living with her boyfriend , Andrew Lazarow , both of them theater artists and members of Seattle company the Satori Group .
But after weeks of hearing his girlfriend complain about the itching , Lazarow still did n't believe it had anything to do with their First Hill apartment : " I thought it was mosquitoes or something . "
Lazarow is a small , earnest man with brown stubble and black - framed glasses , and he has a pained expression as he recalls this part of the story .
" I still feel really badly , " he says .
" I was n't getting bitten and I was dismissive . "
But Hester 's bite patterns were textbook .
Bedbugs bite in rows for three reasons .
First , they are extremely sensitive to movement .
If a sleeper twitches at night , the bugs stop feeding , take a few lateral steps , wait for stillness , and start sucking blood again .
Second , the rows can be the result of bedbugs searching for a vein to drill into .
Third , according to Bedbugcentral.com , several bugs might be lined up along a fold or overlock on a sheet , " all feeding at the same time , similar to cattle at a trough . "
Either Lazarow was n't getting bitten or he was n't feeling it — people react differently to the bites .
( Bedbugs feed by injecting two hollow tubes into their hosts .
One tube injects saliva with anesthetics and anticoagulants , the other sucks out the blood .
People who get itchy from the bites are having a reaction to the bedbugs ' spit . )
One night , after training with the Satori Group , Hester insisted they check the apartment for bedbugs .
( Another company member , Spike Friedman , had experienced a horrible bedbug infestation when he lived in Manhattan . )
To make her happy , Lazarow scrutinized the mattress and pillows — and found little black dots , the scat bedbugs leave behind on their postprandial walk home .
They lifted the mattress and saw more black dots , plus a few bugs scurrying away .
" I freaked out , " Lazarow says .
" You could see their feces of our blood .
I 'm a little OCD and germaphobic :
These things are defecating on my pillow !
Are there some in my mouth ? "
At the height of the six - week ordeal that followed , Lazarow says , " I 'd wake up at two in the morning every night , lying there sleepless , knowing they were about to come out . "
Lazarow and Hester ran some clothes through the dryer — heat is one of the few things that can kill bedbugs — and then went directly to the Sorrento Hotel .
" They were incredibly gracious , " Lazarow said .
The couple explained what was happening , and the hotel cut them a deal .
The next day , Hester and Lazarow called the extermination company Paratex ( " I can't recommend them highly enough " ) .
They stuffed everything they owned into a U - Haul to take to Paratex to be put into a big , vacuum - sealed tube for 24 hours of fumigation .
" We loaded everything except for some clothes , " Lazarow says .
" Literally everything else .
When my friend Spike had his infestation , he saw bedbugs crawling out of his laptop , out of his iPod . "
Then back to the apartment to live out of Ziploc bags for six weeks and wash their bedding every day before a second round of fumigation and spraying .
Between the treatment , four nights at the hotel , and the laundry bills , the couple spent over $ 1,500 .
Afterward , they were n't convinced the apartment was fully clean .
So they moved out .
Bedbugs hide wherever they can — box springs are good , as are walls , chairs , even suitcases — and , if they go dormant , can survive up to 18 months between meals .
Leaving a room and starving them out is not a viable option .
Bedbugs tend not to travel more than 100 feet from their host but can migrate easily between apartments if they choose , especially along boards and pipes .
Clay Thompson , of Seattle 's Department of Planning and Development ( DPD ) , says the best way to deal with an infested apartment is to treat all the proximal apartments , too : left and right , above and below .
But landlords and tenants are reluctant to pay for what they perceive as prophylactic measures .
" Bedbugs are , " Thompson says with a note of finality in his voice , " definitely hard to get rid of . "
In Seattle , Thompson says , bedbugs are on their way to becoming a " crisis . "
During his first 22 years with the DPD , he had only heard a handful of bedbug complaints .
But in the past year , the complaints soared , the majority coming in the past two or three months .
" The curve has been very steep , " he says .
" When we first started hearing about them , we did n't even know what to look for .
So we had some enterprising inspectors who went to the web and got a photograph to see what they looked like . "
The earliest reports of the bedbugs ' return came out of New York City :
In 2004 , the city information line 311 received fewer than 100 calls about bedbugs .
In 2006 , it received over 4,600 calls .
In 2008 , over 9,000 people called .
This year , Bill Clinton and his staff had to vacate their offices in Harlem for a bedbug infestation , which kicked off the predictable jokes about Clinton keeping a bed in his office .
But the bugs are invading other people 's offices .
The New York offices of Penguin press had an infestation this year ; last year , a bedbug problem at Fox News ended in a lawsuit , when one of its employees claimed she was suffering PTSD after being bitten three times .
This past September , advertising firm Saatchi & Saatchi — most famous for its campaign for the UK 's conservative party , " Labour is n't working " — had to fumigate its 17th floor .
And the bedbug invasion has expanded .
Toronto Public
Health has reported that it handled 1,500 infestations in 2009 , up from 46 in 2003 .
The website Torontoist held a vote for the city 's Supervillain of 2009 .
Out of 24 contestants , bedbugs won third place .
Blame the bats .
Biologists theorize bat caves were the parasites ' original breeding ground ; then when early humans moved in , they dropped down and started feasting on us .
From the cavemen until the late 20th century , bedbugs — and their big red welts — were just a fact of human existence , one of the unhappy nuisances of being a person .
That ended around WWII , when powerful pesticides like DDT knocked bedbugs — in wealthy countries , at least — into oblivion .
DDT also knocked bird populations onto endangered - species lists and was correlated with human cancers .
" It all started with the lady named Rachel Carson and her book called Silent Spring , " says Jim Osborn , the no-nonsense but friendly president of Seattle 's 102 - year - old Paratex pest control .
( Osborn used to get a couple of calls about bedbugs a year .
Now he 's getting queries almost every day . )
" DDT should have been vastly curtailed , but not banned .
It 's a wonderful chemical that should have been restricted to limited circumstances for limited use .
But the pendulum always swings from one side to the other .
It defies common sense , but that 's how the world works . "
Silent Spring successfully led the charge to dramatically curtail the use of pesticides like DDT .
And bedbugs are back .
It 's been so long since we 've seen bedbugs , even inspectors have forgotten what they look like .
And some people who should know better have forgotten they even exist .
" It has shocked me , " says Jeff White , a research entomologist at New Jersey–based business Bedbugcentral.com .
" I 've been on the floor of trade shows of industries where bedbugs should be a major concern — assisted living , for example — and have had people tell me they thought bedbugs were just a nursery rhyme : ' Sleep tight , do n't let the bedbugs bite . ' "
But it 's been decades since the U.S. banned DDT and other potent pesticides .
Why are bedbugs only just now staging their comeback ?
Nobody knows : not White , not Thompson , not the half - dozen other people I asked while working on this story .
But pretty much everyone trots out the same not entirely satisfying theories : increased international travel , cross-contamination from industrial chicken farms ( though they prefer people , bedbugs can live off of chickens , which have been the cause of major infestations ) , and the increase in swapping used furniture thanks to Craigslist .
( Get people murdered , put newspaper classified sections out of business , encourage epidemics — is there anything Craigslist can't do ? )
And maybe the old poisons were more powerful and prevalent than we thought .
" DDT was a powerful residual pesticide , " says White of Bedbugcentral.com .
" You apply DDT to a baseboard and if a bedbug walks across it years later , it 'll die .
And just because DDT was banned in the 1970s does n't mean people stopped using it in the '70s .
People had old stores of the pesticide they were using up .
That takes time . "
If White 's theories are true , we are only just now beginning to live in a DDT - free world .
And it looks buggy .
In the absence of DDT , exterminators use a constellation of other methods to kill bedbugs : liquid , gas , earth , and fire .
The four elements .
It 's like medieval magic .
The liquid and gas methods are about what you 'd expect : pesticide sprays and fumigation , either sealing off a building in a plastic tent , E.T. - style ( expensive ) , or removing everything from the building and shoving it into a vacuum - sealed tube for fumigation ( not quite as expensive ) .
The fire method : Bedbugs can't live at very high temperatures , so exterminators will sometimes bring in high - powered space heaters and push the room temperature up past 120 degrees Fahrenheit for several hours .
( A cheaper , slightly less reliable version recommended for travelers returning with plastic bags full of contaminated clothes : seal them up in a car full of summer sunlight for a full day . )
But the heat can't always penetrate to the center of a mattress , where the bedbugs live , and is n't always effective .
And the earth method : diatomaceous earth , a fine , chalklike dust made of fossilized , hard - shelled algae called diatoms .
Diatomaceous earth is abrasive and super - absorbent .
People use it for hydroponics , high - drainage soil , cleanup of toxic spills , cat litter , thermal insulation , a blood coagulant , and a mechanical ( rather than chemical ) insecticide .
The fossil dust ( 33 to 86 percent silica , 5 percent sodium , other percent other stuff ) sucks the waxy lipids out of a bedbug 's exoskeleton , turning all that human blood in its guts into a scab and causing it to die of dehydration .
Finding their crispy , desiccated corpses — several people have posted pictures to bedbug internet threads — is very satisfying .
Bedbugs are n't dangerous .
They 're not a vector for disease like mosquitoes and fleas — something of a mystery , as they have all the prerequisites for passing blood - borne disease from one host to another — but they 're annoying and gross and they freak people out .
Friends have told me stories about unscrupulous exterminators preying on their hysteria , and bedbug - specific websites are springing up around the world .
Maciej Ceglowski runs a civic - minded site based in Romania called Bedbugregistry.com , where people post reports of bedbugs in office buildings , apartment complexes , and hotels .
( Some are surprising : the Four Seasons in San Francisco , Disney 's Old Key West Resort , the unfortunately named " Yosemite Bug Rustic Mountain Resort . " )
Ceglowski started the site after having an unpleasant encounter with bedbugs in San Francisco in 2006 .
He 'd just moved back from Beijing and was staying in " a dingy Travelodge on the corner of Valencia and Market streets .
I had a song in my throat , a dream in my heart , and ...
I was about to discover that I also had a sizable bedbug colony under my mattress . "
This discovery led to a lifetime obsession and Bedbugregistry.com , which is not only a place where travelers warn each other about bedbugs but a kind of support group where people post angry rants , pathos - laden cris de coeur , and gallows humor — all the shock , angst , and wry fatalism of the contemporary infested .
Ceglowski's mother grew up in Lodz , Poland , when bedbugs were just a fact of life .
When moving into a new place , Ceglowski wrote , " One of the first things she would do was check behind picture frames and in the cracks in wallpaper for bedbugs .
They were quite common but considered a sign of a lower - class place . "
In those pre-DDT days , Ceglowski writes , " There were lots of techniques for avoiding bedbugs in infested places .
Putting bedstead legs in cans of kerosene or water was common ( bedbugs defeat this ploy by climbing onto the ceiling and dropping when they feel the heat of a host below ) .
If things got bad enough , you might sleep in the tub . "
Bedbugregistry.com shows only a few reports in Seattle ( including the Green Tortoise Hostel downtown and the Renaissance hotel on Madison , in case you 're wondering — neither of them returned requests for comment ) , but Ceglowski says he 's getting around 15 reports a day from New York , Toronto , San Francisco , and Vancouver , where people are starting to worry about bedbugs at the Olympics .
Canadian newspaper editorials wring their hands about visitors infesting their city — it was a problem for Sydney in 2000 — but at the rate Vancouver infestations are going , they should be more concerned about becoming a major export center broadcasting bedbugs across the world .
Bedbugs have been a source of controversy at Seattle Housing Authority ( SHA ) , which provides low - income apartments to over 26,000 Seattle residents .
Bedbugs have moved into SHA units — especially the Denny Terrace building and Bell Tower — and some residents feel like the city is n't responding quickly enough to stanch the infestation .
Virginia Felton , who has worked at SHA for 10 years , heard the first reports of bedbugs this year at Denny Terrace .
Over a third of its units have been treated for bedbugs so far , with 35 outstanding work orders .
The waiting list just to have your apartment inspected is two weeks .
( SHA acquired a bedbug - sniffing dog — a young female black lab with the nickname " Bugsy " — to help combat the problem .
The dog was adopted by a trainer in Florida about two days before being put down and , according to Felton , cost SHA around $ 7,000 . )
Kenneth Jennings , chair of the resident council for Bell Tower , says the wait is too long — not just for residents , but for the city : " If this problem is not properly addressed soon , Seattle may be in for a wider epidemic of these pests that will impact well beyond the confines of low - income housing . "
Julie Wade , a pro bono attorney for the resident council , thinks those numbers might even be underreported .
" People are reluctant to complain , " she says .
" They 're worried about losing their housing and worried about retaliation . "
Wade , currently a director of corporate counsel at Starbucks , worked as an attorney for SHA for many years , but now negotiates with SHA on behalf of its clients .
" I worked inside the organization for years and have a tremendous amount of respect for what SHA does , " Wade says .
" But they make mistakes , and sometimes there 's the attitude that arises — I hate to say it , because it 's not an easy job — but that beggars can't be choosers .
That they should be able to put up with a little inconvenience . "
Wade first came on the bedbug case during a meeting with clients she thought was going to be about some renovations that were disrupting residents .
( SHA had been drilling into concrete for three weeks at a time and had cut the water 22 times in the last three months .
The construction was , in Wade 's terms , disrupting SHA 's ability to " provide a clean , safe , sanitary environment and provide a quiet enjoyment of the premises . " )
She met with residents at Bell Tower to talk about the renovations — she thought — and to get them a break on their rent .
But everyone wanted to talk about bedbugs .
" SHA is n't ignoring the problem , but their response is inadequate , " Wade says .
" They send inspectors who do n't seem to know what they 're looking for , and they need to respond quicker than two weeks .
There are special challenges with buildings and populations like this , but all I know is people are suffering . "
" If SHA is n't more aggressive , " Wade says , " these bedbugs may be everywhere . "
That could be .
Both Felton at SHA and Thompson of the DPD admit the city does n't have the resources to exterminate its bedbugs .
" We could spend thousands and thousands of dollars getting rid of the bedbugs in any given place , " Felton says , " and then someone could just bring them back in . "
So what does she propose ?
" If we can provide resources for our residents to not be bitten constantly and get a good night 's sleep , then that 's pretty good . "
In other words , bedbugs are now a permanent fact of life for the urban poor in Seattle , just like the old days .
And SHA is n't trying to exterminate the bedbugs , just keep them out of the bed ?
" Yes . "
How ?
" Provide bed frames for our residents to get their mattresses off the floor , tell them to keep the beds away from the walls and their blankets off the floor , " she says .
" And there are these little interceptor disks you put beneath the legs of the bed ... "
It seems like I 've heard about this technology before — the pots of kerosene Ceglowski 's mother used in Soviet - era Poland .
Have a question about bedbugs ?
Brendan Kiley and other bug experts will be taking readers ' questions in Questionland !
This article has been updated since its original publication .
Little Joseph is a little creepy ass porcelain candle holder .
As the candle melts it drips wax onto his face because , I do n't know if you knew this about him , but little Joseph has been a very , VERY bad boy .
Was that not creepy as shit ?
I was trying to be , I swear .
Â£ 69.00 ( ~$ 105 ) takes one home , but it does not come with the Geekologie Writer seal of approval .
But it will come in a box .
And maybe , just maybe , your cat will play in it .
Hit the jump for a closeup of the no thank you very much .
Product Site
Thanks to Spikey DaPikey , who only uses adult head candle holders because he 's not a creep .
The FDA has yet to approve stem cell therapies for general use in medicine , but that has n’t stopped doctors in Colorado from providing them anyway .
Chris Centeno and John Schultz have boldly formed Regenerative Sciences Inc. in Broomfield , Colorado .
RSI provides its patients with the Regenexx procedure , an adult stem cell transplant that uses your own cells ( autologous ) to treat joint injuries and bone damage .
There ’s no surgery needed .
A needle extracts bone marrow , RSI isolates the stem cells and cultures them in your own blood , and then these cells are injected into the area where they are needed .
They ’ve treated 348 + patients with 800 + injections and show no signs of slowing down .
According to RSI ’s own surveys , 89 % of their knee patients showed marked improvement , as did 75 % of their hip patients !
Within months some patients can walk or run in ways they have n’t been able to in years .
We ’ve seen these kinds of results from stem cell treatments before , but only in horses and dogs .
That ’s because human stem cell therapies like this one are n’t approved by the FDA .
How can Centeno and Schultz flaunt the lack of federal approval ?
They claim that Regenexx is solely used as a part of their medical practice , only within the state of Colorado , and as such is no more regulated by the FDA than it would be by the FAA or the Department of Motor Vehicles .
I had a chance to talk with Dr. Centeno over the phone and learn more about Regenexx and RSI .
For hundreds of patients , he and his team are providing a remarkable hope .
They ’ve brought lab - cultured medical stem cell therapies to the US .
Finally .
Stem cells have been a focal point for hype and hope for years now .
Besides healing horses and dogs , they have promising effects on diabetes , corneal blindness , even HIV .
It ’s pretty clear that they ’re also the future of organ transplants .
Just the news of a stem cell related development or patent will cause a biotech company ’s stocks to soar .
The FDA , which regulates all interstate drug sales and related clinical trials is not trying to keep Americans from these “ miraculous ” cures , it ’s simply trying to make sure they are safe first .
Apparently , that ’s taking too long .
Medical tourism agencies are starting to cater to those seeking stem cell treatments .
Whether or not they are ready for widespread medical use , stem cell therapies are in high demand , not just in the US but around the world .
It ’s no longer a question of when we will have access to these treatments , it ’s a question of how .
Patient ’s interested in the Regenexx procedure face what seems to be a fairly standard experience for autologous stem cell transplants .
It takes 20 - 40 minutes to extract the cells from hip bone marrow with limited anesthesia , and blood is also taken .
Over a month RSI ’s lab will isolate mesenchymal ( multipotent ) adult stem cells and multiply them until they have 1 to 10 million .
Typically , a patient will receive an injection into the treated area once a month for three months .
Positive results are sometimes seen quickly ( in 1 to 3 months ) but will hopefully develop within 6 to 9 months .
Importantly , there ’s no down time as a result of the procedure .
Patients can leave the clinic and go home after each injection .
A round of Regenexx ( extraction , cultivation , and 3 injections ) costs $ 7000 - $ 8500 .
Those who produce exceptional numbers of stem cells can use subsequent injections ( even in other parts of the body ) for around $ 3500 .
Most insurances will not cover the treatment .
The fact that RSI isolates and cultures ( multiplies ) the cells is a big difference from other clinics that offer stem cell therapies .
That process allows the lab to create enough mesenchymal stem cells to really have an effect on the area in which they are injected .
Many clinics around the world will take blood , marrow , or tissue and then spin out the stem cells in a centrifuge , injecting them back in on the same day .
That style of therapy could possibly be effective , but it is far less likely than with a dose of millions of multipotent stem cells .
There are several doctors around the US that will provide such ‘ single - visit ’ stem cell therapies , but as far as I know RSI is the only that offers the lab cultured mesenchymal therapy in the US .
Dr. Centeno has confirmed that he ’s the only one , that he knows of , openly using this particular procedure in the US .
In the past , I have been very skeptical of stem cell treatment centers in other countries .
I ’d like to turn that same critical eye to Regenexx .
It ’s only fair .
First , let ’s look at the success RSI is selling .
Autologous transplants are offered in the hands , hips , knees , shoulders , back ( non-spinal cord injury ) , ankles , and bone fractures .
For each of these procedures you can find many ardent and exceptionally encouraging patient testimonials on their website , or their YouTube channel , along with a flood of supportive media .
Here ’s a clip from a local news Channel which is pretty indicative of the rest :
Overall , RSI is claiming around 80 % patient satisfaction according to its own surveys .
That ’s incredible , especially when you see some of their patients walking and running again on joints that have experienced years of chronic damage .
It also seems Centeno and Schultz have the documented evidence to back up the claims for Regenexx ’s success .
RSI provides case studies for each of its treatments as well as published scientific research .
According to my conversation with Centeno , RSI is currently working on a comprehensive statistical analysis of their more popular treatments so they can publish quantitative results in a peer review journal .
In other words , they ’ll soon publish the hard numbers – X % of patients feel Y % better Z months after the procedure .
Importantly , RSI seems to be upfront with patients about the limits of their own technique .
The website FAQ clearly states that not all results will be like the testimonials , and they even have a dedicated page explaining that stem cell therapies wo n’t work for everyone .
Furthermore , RSI has published the largest study of risks and complications associated with stem cell treatments yet produced in the US ( N=227 ) .
That paper demonstrates the very low harm associated with stem cell therapies – much lower than the alternative surgery ( published in Current Stem Cell Research & Therapy ) .
Centeno told me that if we ’re really worried that autologous stem cell therapies are going to hurt someone , this paper pretty much shows they wo n’t .
The concerns most people have with RSI are not medical , they ’re political .
Many applaud Centeno and Schultz for supplying the public with the cutting edge technology they demand , but worry about the manner in which it has been accomplished .
Skirting FDA approval for a technique through the arguments they use opens the gate to a host of problems .
If RSI can provide Regenexx because it is a doctor ’s procedure not involved in interstate commerce , does that mean someone else can do the same for another treatment ?
What are the limits of such procedures ?
How does a patient know if a doctor ’s therapy is safe , or effective , if it has n’t undergone peer review and government inspection ?
During my conversation with Dr. Centeno , he pointed out that doctors and surgeons are developing new procedures all the time .
Surgeons will often create new devices for their own use in surgery , doctors routinely try out new dosing regimes , or therapies on their patients .
This is part of the medical profession .
Still , it ’s possible that even though RSI is doing what many other doctors routinely do ( develop a new therapy for use in their own practice ) that the federal government could try to bring them to court .
The FDA seems to have taken the stance that all stem cells ( whether used autologously or not ) are drugs .
As such , they would need FDA approval , and would likely only be developed by large pharmaceutical companies .
According to Lee Buckler of Cell Therapy Blog , Centeno ’s already received a warning letter from the FDA .
Centeno clarified that this is actually an “ untitled letter ” which has no bearing on regulation .
He pointed me to this explanation on untitled letters .
RSI has faced concerns from the New York Department of Health , and went so far as to pursue a provisional license , even though they are no where near NY state .
Clearly RSI is hoping to avoid bureaucratic problems or at least be very prepared for them if they do arise .
Perhaps with enough positive results they can avoid legal battles and even convince insurance companies to cover Regenexx .
Hopefully so .
Just look as these results .
They ’re pretty damn amazing .
If you accept the success rates , and the possibilities for long term healing … I know people who need this .
I really want them to be able to get it .
Centeno says he is working with others to provide the framework through which many more patients could receive mesenchymal stem cell therapies .
He ’s on the board of the International Cell Medicine Society ( ICMS ) which is working to track stem cell therapy patients through a registry , as well as certify stem cell clinics for practice .
Through conferences and seminars , doctors are trained in IVF to work in fertility clinics .
Centeno explained to me that a similar practice could instruct and track physicians interested in providing lab cultured autologous stem cell therapies .
In other words , the technique used by RSI could become a regularly seen procedure in specialty clinics across the country .
That may mean more patients could have access to stem cells soon .
One way or another , I know they will .
FDA approval is slow , but it ’s coming .
Athersys has a patent for a stem cell derived drug , other companies have therapies in clinical trials .
Those treatments will be here some day .
In the meantime , RSI is filling in the gap .
Their work may even catch on as a trend .
If largely successful , insurance companies may pay for it and the federal government may end up grandfathering Regenexx in at some point .
It could happen .
What ’s certain is that the public demand for stem cell therapies is real , growing , and seemingly justified .
When that sort of pressure for a technology exists nobody can keep it down .
** Update :
It has been pointed out that we have neglected to consider the long term effects of stem cell therapies .
This is an oversight on our part , but the reality is that there is no conclusive understanding of what the long term effects of stem cells treatments will be .
We do not know if a stem cell treatment will be effective 5 - 10 years after it is administered , and we know of no large study that has conclusively reviewed patients for cancer , or any long term side effect 5 - 10 years after a stem cell injection .
I believe that part of what ICMS is trying to do ( reviewing clinics , tracking patients results over the long term ) may yield a better understanding in the future .**
[ image credit : Denver Business Journal , Regenerative Science Inc ]
[ Sources : Regenerative Sciences Inc , ABC 7 News in Denver , Lee Buckler , RSI Blog , Current Stem Cell Research & Therapy ]
The NYT has a shocking story about a man who accidentally “ hacked ” his way into someone else ’s American Express account .
Allan Goldstein , an honest man , immediately called American Express ’s customer support to notify them of the accidental breach .
He got a rep in India , and then several others who had no clue what the issue was .
It took more than twenty days later , six different American Express customer service reps , and a call from a New York Times writer for American Express to get on the ball .
This is the AmEx flack ’s explanation :
Ms. Alfonso confirmed Mr. Goldstein ’s story for me .
She called the problem “ an unusual case of two customers coincidentally having nearly identical log - in information , which led one card member to inadvertently log in to another card member ’s account . ”
Nearly identical log - in information ?
So perhaps Goldstein and this mystery lady ’s account had the same name and the same password ?
What are the chances of that happening ?
Well , pretty slim , but not out of this world , thanks to American Express ’s astonishingly weak password protocols .
I started an account with them more than a year ago and was amazed to find out that I could not create a password greater than 8 characters .
I just checked , and it ’s no different today :
Not only is it eight characters , but case does n’t matter , and non-alphanumeric characters do n’t work :
Your Password should : * Contain 6 to 8 characters – at least one letter and one number ( not case sensitive )
* Contain no spaces or special characters ( e.g. , & , > , * , $ , @ )
* Be different from your User ID and your last Password
Is there any other major online service today that has such a primitive , limited space for passwords ?
Eight alphanumeric characters was considered good enough back in the 1970s .
Think about it ; even your MySpace account has stronger security than your $ 10,000 - limit credit card ( ok , do n’t know that for sure …it ’s been awhile since I had a MySpace account ) .
Coincidentally , this week the NYT had a story about weak passwords , from a security analysis of the 32 million passwords stolen from the idiots at RockYou :
In the idealized world championed by security specialists , people would have different passwords for every
Web site they visit and store them in their head or , if absolutely necessary , on a piece of paper .
But bowing to the reality of our overcrowded brains , the experts suggest that everyone choose at least two different passwords — a complex one for Web sites were security is vital , such as banks and e-mail , and a simpler one for places where the stakes are lower , such as social networking and entertainment sites .
Mr. Moss relies on passwords at least 12 characters long , figuring that those make him a more difficult target than the millions of people who choose five - and six - character passwords .
The problem with an eight - character alphanumeric password limit is that not only is there a limited choice of passwords , but you have less room to make easy - to - remember - but - secure passwords .
For example , I ’ve used phrases from favorite stories and songs .
Something like : “ itwastheBestOfTim3 $ ” ( this is not particularly secure , since it ’s a composition of dictionary words , but you get the idea ) .
So even though there is room for hundreds of billions of password combo… that space is only helpful if human beings can be relied on to generate random strings for passwords .
The above NYT article suggests they can ’t … so Joe Average , instead of being able to make up something like Password 123456 ! , is limited by AmEx to Passwrd1 .
Neither is a very strong password , but there ’s a chance for many more coincidental collisions in the latter case .
The terrible customer service that Mr. Goldstein experienced is galling … but the root of the problem , assuming the flack ’s explanation is correct , is AmEx ’s antiquated password - storage system .
I hope they do n’t keep it in plaintext , as the security - lax folks at Rock You did .
Snowulf wrote about this back in 2007 .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Staff at the Dinnington library are used to people bringing books back late but the package they received last month was in a class of its own .
It contained a paperback first edition copy of “ Quatermass and the Pit ” by Nigel Kneale which had been borrowed on September 24 , 1965 .
“ I thought at first it was just a normal return , until I saw the color of the pages : they were very brown around the edges , ” said Alison Lawrie , the Principal Library Assistant .
“ It ’s true that some people like to take their time with a good book , but 45 years is an incredible amount of time ! ”
Staff believe the book was borrowed from the old Dinnington Library , in Sheffield , South Yorkshire which opened in 1936 and is close to the current building which opened in 2000 .
However , the identity of the borrower remains a mystery because records do not go back that far -- and there would have been no danger of a huge accumulated fine because all fines are capped at 6 pounds ( $ 9 ) .
“ The person who posted it back to us would not be in any ‘ trouble ’ whatsoever , ” said Lawrie .
“ If the person who returned the book wants to come forward , we ’d love to know the story behind it . ”
Last week , the New York Times called attention to an apparent new strategy in the creationism intelligent design movement .
Since Judge John E. Jones ruled the concept of intelligent design as revamped creationism in 2005 ’s Kitzmiller v. Dover trial , pro-ID organizations like the Discovery Institute have been lobbying state lawmakers to pass legislation advocating a “ teach the controversy ” approach to science education .
In the past couple years , they have gotten legislators to introduce bills in states such as Missouri , Florida , Alabama , Mississippi , Oklahoma and Louisiana advocating for academic freedom to teach “ the controversy ” regarding scientific issues like evolutionary theory .
( Note :
In the scientific community , there is no controversy over the reality of evolutionary processes . )
So far , only Louisiana has taken the bait and passed an academic freedom law .
Now it seems the reality of climate change is the new target .
Resolutions similar in wording to the anti-evolution bills have cropped up in state houses questioning the validity of climate change and calling for a “ teach the controversy ” approach .
It ’s an interesting strategy .
By expanding their argument to include climate change , they ’re saying that they are n’t anti-evolution — they ’re just anti-scientific dogma .
“ There is a lot of similar dogmatism on this issue , ” Discovery Institute ’s Jonathan West told the NYT , “ with scientists being persecuted for findings that are not in keeping with the orthodoxy .
We think analyzing and evaluating scientific evidence is a good thing , whether that is about global warming or evolution . ”
As the New York Times article suggests , the strategy ’s roots are in the 2005 Cobb County , Ga. case , in which the school board there put warning stickers on biology books , saying evolution is “ not just a theory , not a fact . ”
A judge struck down the warning stickers as unconstitutional because it unfairly targeted evolution for special scrutiny :
After that , said Joshua Rosenau , a project director for the National Center for Science Education , he began noticing that attacks on climate change science were being packaged with criticism of evolution in curriculum initiatives .
Last week South Dakota passed a resolution calling for the “ balanced teaching of global warming in public schools . ”
But a quick read of the original House version of the legislation reveals the woeful ignorance of lawmakers who introduced the bill — which should give pause to anyone who thinks these folks should be making policy decisions regarding the education of the state ’s children .
Steven Salzberg points out the ridiculously uninformed assertions in the initial language , which includes a mention of astrology as one of the factors involved in the creation of weather patterns .
( Hat tip to Ed Brayton at Dispatches from the Culture Wars . ) :
Wow !
The South Dakota legislature has declared , by majority vote , that the ancient pseudoscience of astrology “ can effect world weather ” !
Astrology , of course , is a superstitious belief that the movements of stars and planets can affect our daily lives here on Earth , a belief that has no basis in science .
Some people — including , apparently , the South Dakota legislature — still take it seriously , although most view astrological forecasts as light entertainment …
And we must n’t ignore “ thermological ” causes .
Do the wise SD legislators realize that thermology is the analysis of detailed infrared images of the human body ?
I suppose all our warm bodies also affect world weather — it must be true , because the SD legislature says so .
And “ interrelativity ” !
They must mean “ interrelatedness ” , but how nice to bring in Einstein ’s theory here .
I ca n’t quite grasp how relativity has anything to do with global warming , but I probably do n’t know as much physics as the South Dakota legislators . )
The language about astrology and thermology was removed from the bill ’s final version , but not the word interrelativity .
A culture attributed the infection partly to ESBL E. coli .
Doctors inserted a tube to administer an intravenous antibiotic in an effort to save his life .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
If ESBL E. coli is frightening , there are even more potent superbugs emerging , like Acinetobacter .
“ We are seeing infections caused by Acinetobacter and special bacteria called KPC Klebsiella that are literally resistant to every antibiotic that is F.D.A. approved , ” Dr. Spellberg said .
“ These are untreatable infections .
This is the first time since 1936 , the year that sulfa hit the market in the U.S. , that we have had this problem . ”
The Infectious Diseases Society of America , an organization of doctors and scientists , has been bellowing alarms .
It fears that we could slip back to a world in which we ’re defenseless against bacterial diseases .
There ’s broad agreement that doctors themselves overprescribe antibiotics  but also that a big part of the problem is factory farms .
They feed low doses of antibiotics to hogs , cattle and poultry to make them grow faster .
A study by the Union of Concerned Scientists found that in the United States , 70 percent of antibiotics are used to feed healthy livestock , with 14 percent more used to treat sick livestock .
Only about 16 percent are used to treat humans and their pets , the study found .
More antibiotics are fed to livestock in North Carolina alone than are given to humans in the entire United States , according to the peer - reviewed Medical Clinics of North America .
It concluded that antibiotics in livestock feed were “ a major component ” in the rise of antibiotic resistance .
Legislation introduced by Louise Slaughter , a New Yorker who is the only microbiologist in the House of Representatives , would curb the routine use of antibiotics in farming .
The bill has 104 co-sponsors , but agribusiness interests have blocked it in committee  and the Obama administration and the Senate have dodged the issue .
Eric Johnston joined The Australian in July 2014 .
Previously he was the business editor of The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age , overseeing award - winning business coverage and driving investigative reporting .
He also has worked at The AFR and as a correspondent with Dow Jones , where his stories appeared in The Wall Street Journal .
Yahoo Sports
A day of eight postseason baseball games did n't bring all that many moments that broke from 2020 baseball 's three - true - outcomes reality .
But the ones that did mattered .
One of the really fun things that artists can do with “ photo manipulation ” software is create digital paintings .
Today I ’ll show you how to use some of GIMP ’s basic tools to create your own digital artwork .
What you ’ll need to create a digital painting
The great thing about painting digitally on your computer is that there are no brushes to clean , no paint to buy and you have every color you can imagine at your disposal !
Quick announcement - EmptyEasel has created a quicker , easier way for artists to have their own art website .
EmptyEasel has created a Click here to learn more and get a simple art website of your own !
You WILL need a copy of GIMP ( the free image manipulation program ) which you can learn how to download here ( for a PC ) or here if you own a Mac .
A Wacom drawing tablet is n’t required , but if you ’ve got one you ’re ahead of the game — you ’ll be able to use your natural hand / eye coordination as you paint , instead of using a mouse .
If this is your first time painting on GIMP , I ’d suggest working from a sketch that you scan in ( which I ’ll explain how to do in a minute . )
If you do n’t have a scanner , you can always photograph one of your sketches with a digital camera and upload the image to your computer that way .
When creating a sketch for a digital painting , DO NOT shade !
You ’ll do that that in GIMP itself .
Also make sure to “ close ” all your shapes — if there are breaks in your line drawing , it will make it more difficult to select certain areas of your sketch in GIMP .
I sketched out a rough drawing and then traced it with a 4B pencil , carefully closing all my shapes .
Below you ’ll see a good sketch on the left and a bad sketch on the right , just to show what I mean .
Start by scanning in your drawing .
As soon as your sketch is finished and sitting in the scanning bed , go to “ File ” ( in the menu bar above the toolbox ) click on “ Acquire ” and then choose your scanner .
Set the scanning resolution to at least 300 dpi so you can print your digital artwork later on .
You can always lower the resolution of a image without any problems but you ca n’t increase resolution and maintain the same quality .
When GIMP imports the image , it may not be right side up , so go to “ Image ” in the image ’s menu bar , click on “ Transform , ” and then rotate it in the direction necessary .
Now that your image is in place , it ’s a good time to save your document .
Use the default GIMP file format of .xcf for the time being .
After you save , crop the drawing to create a pleasing composition for your digital painting .
Take a look at my article on cropping and resizing images if you ’d like more information on using the crop tool itself .
Now , even though you drew carefully and dusted the eraser crumbs off the drawing before scanning it , there ’s almost always something that needs to be cleaned up a little .
Zoom in ( Z ) and use the eraser tool ( Shift + E ) to clean up anything you feel necessary .
Do n’t go crazy , just fix any major issues .
After your line drawing is good , you might want to save your file again , using Ctrl+S .
It ’s a good idea to save your file frequently , throughout this process , since there ’s nothing worse than losing everything and being forced to start all over if your computer decides to crash .
One of the advantages of working digitally as opposed to paint and canvas is the safety net that software provides .
I am going to duplicate my first layer so I will still have it in case I make a real mess of my would - be masterpiece .
To duplicate a layer in GIMP , make sure you have the layers tab selected in the Layers / Channels / Paths / Undo dialog box .
Click and drag the name of the layer to the “ Duplicate Layer ” button at the bottom of that box , then release the mouse button .
A new layer will appear .
Both layers are identical , meaning you can work on one and use the other for reference , in case you smudge the original drawing .
The last thing to do before painting is to change the “ mode ” of the top layer so you can see through it to the layer below ( which you ’ll be working on ) .
Select your top layer then click on the “ Mode ” drop down menu and choose “ Multiply . ”
You can lock the layer to preserve it or click on the eyeball symbol to remove it from sight .
I ’d suggest locking it to keep yourself from accidentally painting on that layer .
If this all seems like a lot of work just to make a digital painting , remember that prep is important when painting traditionally , too !
And with that , let ’s take a look at some tools .
Five important GIMP painting tools
In your toolbox there are five tools you ’ll probably use the most when painting : select , fill , gradient , paintbrush , and dodge / burn .
Each tool also has its own options in the area below the toolbox — you ’ll need to explore all those options to become proficient .
It ’s always handy to know your keyboard shortcuts so you can work quicker and more intuitively .
Here are the shortcuts for some of the more important tools :
The Fuzzy Selection Tool ( U ) selects an enclosed area ( that ’s why you drew closed shapes for your sketch ) .
The Paint Bucket or Fill Tool ( Shift + B ) fills an area with solid color .
The Gradient Tool ( L ) fills an area while fading from one color to another color .
The Paintbrush ( P ) paints a line based on whatever size , edge , color or pattern you choose .
The Dodge / Burn Tool ( Shift + D ) lightens or darkens colors already onscreen .
It ’s great for creating highlights and shadows in a painting .
All right , let ’s choose a color and start making use of some of these tools .
Click on the foreground color in your toolbox and a beautiful dialog box will appear with every hue imaginable .
( You can also click on the small white arrow — next to the mouse in the image below — to switch to your background color . )
Pick a color to paint with , then choose the Fuzzy Selection Tool ( U ) and click on any area of your drawing .
You will see “ marching ants ” appear around the edges of the area , indicating that it has been selected .
Switch to the Paint Bucket ( Shift + B ) and click inside those “ ants ” to color it .
Grab the Dodge / Burn
Tool from your toolbox ( or press shift + D ) and click to create lighter colors anywhere you ’ve already painted or drawn .
Hit the Ctrl key to switch over to the burn tool which make things darker instead of lighter .
To fill an area with a gradient , select an area of your image with the Fuzzy Selection Tool ( U ) then choose the gradient tool ( L ) .
Click and drag within the selected area and you ’ll see a gradient appear .
If the way the colors are transitioning does n’t look right , just click and drag again .
Keep in mind , there are other types of gradients in the options area of your toolbox .
You can choose from radial gradients , linear gradients , and several other choices .
In the gradient tab section of the Layers box you can create and save gradients for later use , or simply choose from a list of pre-made gradients .
Do n’t forget to use your Paintbrush Tool ( P ) to add details and texture .
There are dozens of brushes available in GIMP right out of the box — some have soft edges , others have rough texture , and for those of you with Wacom tablets , try adjusting the Pressure sensitivity for even more control .
You can also choose the opacity level to suit your needs — this can help you achieve pastel and watercolor effects , with the right brush shape and texture .
Continue to select areas and fill them as you see fit until the entire image is filled .
If you make a mistake , do n’t worry about it .
You always undo your last steps by pressing Ctrl+Z .
( Now that ’s something you ca n’t do on canvas ! )
Whew !
That was a lot to learn .
It may feel a bit overwhelming at first , but just like traditional painting all you need to do is keep practicing and you ’ll begin to improve .
Stay tuned for another GIMP tutorial next week !
GET EMPTYEASEL IN YOUR INBOX
We 'll send you articles & tutorials right as we publish them , so you never miss a post !
Unsubscribe here at any time .
NOTE : You may also be interested in EE 's step - by - step drawing guide for artists .
Click below to learn more !
This post may contain affiliate links .
Today another update release of RHEL5 was born .
These ( minor ) update releases typically provide feature enhancements , bugfixes and new hardware support .
And as such come as a set of new installation media ( CDs and DVD ) .
We already discussed the RHEL 5.5 Beta release not so long ago , and apart from stabilizing the product , a lot of what was known from that Beta is true for the real RHEL 5.5 release .
From the release notes :
Highlights of the Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.5 release include hardware enablement for the Intel Boxboro - EX platform , AMD Magny - Cours processor and IBM Power 7 processor .
Virtualization is improved , with support for multiple 10 GigE SR - IOV cards , and automatic usage of hugepages for virtual guest memory when enabled on the system .
Interoperability improvements include updates to OpenOffice for Microsoft Office 2007 filters , Samba for Windows 7 compatibility and boot support for virtual machines using Microsoft based PXE services .
But our own summary of technical details would highlight :
* Kickstart improvements to logging post- install
* New hardware driver support ( pmcraid , ibmvfs , bfa , be2iscsi )
* Updated hardware support ( too many to list , but includes wireless driver rebase )
* Support for Intel 's Boxboro - EX and Boxboro - MC , AMD's Magny - Cours and IBM's Power7 processor
* Run-time memory allocation for KVM guests ( memory ballooning )
* PCI passthrough improvements ( hotswapping PCI devices , 1:1 performance improvements )
* Detecting kernel tasks stuck in the uninterruptible sleep state ( D - state )
* Improved CFQ I/O scheduler performance
* Kernel CIFS updates and new GFS mount option ( for troubleshooting )
* GDB , Valgrind and Systemtap updates for improved debugging
* Software updates ( openoffice , metacity , samba , freeradius )
Apart from this Red Hat also shared Technology Previews within each release .
Functionality that is not yet supported , but available for testing purposes :
* FCoE ( Fibre Channel over Ethernet )
* ext4 filesystem support
* gcc 4.4 and new glibc malloc
* Trusted Platform Module ( TPM ) hardware support
* eCryptfs cryptographic filesystem
* FreeIPMI
* Stateless Linux
* SGPIO Support for dmraid
* Device Failure Monitoring of RAID sets
* iSER support ( block storage transfer across a network )
Which means that the above Technology Preview features of RHEL5.5 may become part of a future RHEL5 release !
Even though there is no predicted timeline for CentOS releases , CentOS 5.5 is not expected before May 4th 2010 ( 5 weeks ) .
Update :
After the public release announcement I modified this article to reflect this .
More than 900 San Francisco schoolteachers , administrators and other staff members - nearly twice that of last year - are in line to receive layoff notices in the next few weeks as district officials prepare to cover a worst - case budget scenario next year .
The school board is expected to vote tonight to authorize the pink slips , a decision required by state law to meet a March 15 deadline for notifying teachers and administrators that they might not have a job next year .
District officials said the list is long given the mind - boggling $ 113 million budget shortfall expected over the next two years , a deficit requiring huge cuts to staffing and programs .
It includes full - time and part - time employees representing nearly 800 full - time teaching and administrative positions for the most part .
It does n't include such workers as clerks or school secretaries , who do n't have to be notified by the deadline .
Many pink slips sent out by March 15 could be rescinded during spring , as was the case in prior years , but district officials wo n't know how many people will be laid off for months as the financial situation becomes clearer .
As it stands now , the number of pink slips expected to hit mailboxes in early March is " overwhelming , " said Dennis Kelly , president of the United Educators of San Francisco .
On the list are 318 teachers , about 10 percent of those currently employed in district classrooms .
" It is literally a decimation of the teaching force , " Kelly said .
Those with the lowest seniority will be the first to be cut , which means struggling schools that typically have less - experienced teachers will feel the layoffs the hardest .
The district is counting on several labor unions , including Kelly's , to make significant contract concessions in pay , benefits and even class sizes to avoid at least some of the layoffs .
An early retirement incentive of $ 4,300 for eligible teachers is also on the table , something that officials hope would eliminate positions through attrition .
Superintendent Carlos Garcia has laid out a plan to address the $ 113 million shortfall , including raising K - 3 class sizes from 22 to 25 , severely cutting summer school , instituting districtwide furloughs and cutting busing services .
Some of those things require the approval of unions .
Union wants proof
The teachers union has requested that district officials demonstrate the financial need for the layoffs and other cuts to teacher benefits before agreeing to concessions .
The district 's operating budget is about $ 400 million annually .
It faces the huge shortfall because of state cuts to education over the past few years combined with the state 's decision not to provide cost - of - living increases last year , this year and probably even next year based on the governor 's proposed budget .
Virtually every district in California is struggling with similar cuts and layoffs .
Board member Jill Wynns has sat through layoffs several times during her 17 years on the board .
It 's an arcane process requiring districts to send out cautionary notices - just - in - case pink slips until the state budget shakes out , she said .
" Many of the layoffs have been rescinded within a few weeks , " she said .
" This year , it 's going to be different . "
Fewer city dollars
Last year , district officials mailed out about 500 layoff notices to teachers and administrators to help cover an expected $ 29 million shortfall .
All the pink slips were rescinded after City Hall agreed to give the district about $ 24 million from the city 's rainy day fund .
Next year , the district is counting on only about $ 6 million from those city reserves .
At Visitacion Valley Middle School , Principal Jim Dierke , a 39 - year district veteran , is expecting a pink slip in his mailbox .
He would be one of dozens of administrators to get one because their typically renewed , three - year contracts are up .
But his thoughts were with the energetic , young teachers just starting their careers , teacher aides , counselors , librarians and others who could lose their jobs .
" This is the worst it 's ever been , " said Dierke , adding the loss of staff has a direct impact on struggling students .
" Every adult is worth a pot of gold , so it 's not a good thing . "
Hacking the cloud with Django and SprouteCore .
Mostly on App Engine .
AP writer , Stephen Ohlemacher , sent shock waves throughout the nation this week with his story , “ Social Security to start cashing Uncle Sam ’s IOUs . ”
Social Security has been running large surpluses ever since the enactment of the 1983 payroll tax hike , and was projected to continue running surpluses until at least 2016 .
Instead , Ohlemacher reports that the cost of Social Security benefits will exceed payroll tax revenue by approximately $ 29 billion this year , because of the severe recession which has reduced payroll tax revenue at the very time that many unemployed Americans have been forced to retire early .
What it all boils down to is that , in order to pay full benefits this year , Social Security will have to come up with an extra $ 29 billion to supplement the inadequate payroll tax revenue .
Where will that money come from ?
It will have to come from increased taxes or from borrowed money .
“ Wait a minute ! ” some readers will say .
Has n’t Social Security been receiving surplus revenue ever since the 1983 payroll tax hike ?
Is n’t there supposed to be approximately $ 2.5 trillion in the Social Security trust fund ?
The answer to both questions is yes .
But there is a problem .
Every dollar of that surplus Social Security revenue has already been spent by the government .
Much of it went to fund wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The rest has been spent on other government programs .
The American people were not supposed to find out about the great Social Security scam for another six years , and the government was hoping to continue to receive surplus money from the Social Security contributions of working Americans for at least that long .
But the inevitable day of reckoning has come , six years sooner than anybody expected , because of the severe recession .
And the government of the United States has been caught with its hand still in the empty Social Security cookie jar .
For more than a decade , I have been trying to expose the Social Security scam just like Harry Markopolos was trying to expose the Bernie Madoff scam .
But nobody would listen .
If anyone deserves credit for helping the government to keep its dirty secret for so long , that honor should go to the AARP and the NCPSSM .
I have been members of both organizations for years and I have tried very hard to get their cooperation in exposing the fraud .
But they have refused to have anything to do with me .
Instead , they have continued to bombard their members and the public with misinformation .
They have argued that the trust fund is full of “ good - as - gold ” U.S. Treasury Bonds that could be used to pay full Social Security benefits until at least 2037 without any changes .
In reaction to Olemacher ’s AP story , Barbara Kennelly , president of the NCPSSM , responded with the following words , “ Good luck to the politician who reneges on that debt .
Those bonds are protected by the full faith and credit of the United States of America .
They ’re as solid as what we owe China and Japan . ”
I believe Barbara Kennelly to be among the strongest and most honorable defenders of Social Security .
I think she truly wants to save Social Security , as we now know it , which is the same goal that has motivated me to make so much effort for more than a decade .
I have tried to convince Ms. Kennelly that I was trying to save Social Security by exposing the truth about the trust fund , but she would n’t even consider the possibility that the government has been looting the trust fund all these years .
I requested the opportunity to discuss this issue with her , either in a face - to - face meeting , or through telephone conversations , in the hope that we could work together toward a common goal .
She ignored my requests and refused to communicate with me in any way .
It has been clear for quite some time that the trust fund contained no real assets .
David Walker , Comptroller General of the GAO , stated on January 21 , 2005 , “ There are no stocks or bonds or real estate in the trust fund .
It has nothing of real value to draw down . ”
On April 5 , 2005 , President George W. Bush finally acknowledged the empty trust fund by saying , “ There is no trust fund , just IOUs that I saw firsthand that future generations will pay — will pay for either in higher taxes , or reduced benefits , or cuts to other critical government programs . ”
If there was any doubt remaining , with regard to whether or not the trust fund contains any real assets , that doubt should have been removed by the following words in the 2009 Social Security Trustees Report :
Neither the redemption of trust fund bonds , nor interest paid on those bonds , provides any new net income to the Treasury , which must finance redemptions and interest payments through some combination of increased taxation , reductions in other government spending , or additional borrowing from the public .
There is nothing ambiguous about the above words .
They make it clear that the government does not receive any cash income from the alleged interest payments on the trust fund IOUs .
The interest payments are made in the form of additional worthless IOUs .
The government cannot sell the IOUs because they are not marketable and have no cash value .
The IOUs simply represent a debt of one branch of the government ( the Treasury Department ) to another branch of government ( Social Security ) .
They cancel each other out .
The Social Security surplus revenue should have been saved and invested in public - issue , marketable Treasury bonds .
These bonds are “ good as gold ” and default - proof .
They are the kind of U.S. Treasury bonds that are owned by China and Japan , Bill Gates , pension funds , and every other serious investor that owns Treasuries .
If the Social Security surplus had been invested in public - issue marketable Treasury bonds , as it could have been , and should have been , Barbara Kennelly would be correct in saying that the Social Security holdings are “ as solid as what we owe China and Japan . ”
Unfortunately not a single dollar of the surplus Social Security revenue was saved or invested in anything .
It was all spent , and , once money is spent , there is nothing left to invest .
The government cannot , and will not , ever default on any of its public issue , marketable Treasury bonds because of the panic it would create in world markets and the damage it would do to the nation ’s worldwide credibility .
But Congress has the legal authority to default on its debt to Social Security , and , if it should do so , the outside world would probably view it primarily as an internal matter between the United States Government and its citizens .
One of the least known facts about Social Security is that , although the government does have a moral obligation to pay Social Security benefits to those who have earned them , the government does not have a legal obligation to do so .
In a 1960 ruling by the United States Supreme Court , the court ruled that nobody has a “ contractual earned right “ to Social Security benefits .
Section 1104 of the 1935 Social Security
Act specifically states , “ The right to alter , amend , or repeal any provision of this Act is hereby reserved to the Congress . ”
According to the above strong language , Congress could do whatever it wanted to do with regard to changing or even eliminating Social Security .
Early on , some did not take the language seriously because they thought it was probably unconstitutional .
However , in 1960 , in the case of Fleming v. Nestor , the Supreme Court upheld the denial of benefits to Nestor , even though he had contributed to the program for 19 years and was already receiving benefits
In its ruling , the Supreme Court established the principle that entitlement to Social Security benefits “ is not a contractual right . ”
As a result of the 1960 Supreme Court ruling , the future of Social Security is totally in the hands of Congress and the President .
They have the legal authority to amend any and all parts of the Social Security Act , as well as the authority to either increase or decrease Social Security benefits .
A fiery coronal mass ejection ( CME ) took off from the Sun on Jan. 4 , 2002 .
These are the storms that can overpower Earth 's protective magnetic field .
On Sept. 2 , 1859 , an incredible storm of charged particles sent by the sun slammed into Earth 's atmosphere , overpowered it , and caused havoc on the ground .
Telegraph wires , the high - tech stuff of the time , suddenly shorted out in the United States and Europe , igniting widespread fires .
Colorful aurora , normally visible only in polar regions , were seen as far south as Cuba and Hawaii .
Earth 's magnetic field normally protects the surface of the planet from some storms .
In 1859 , the planet 's defenses were totally overwhelmed .
Over the past decade , similar but less powerful storms have likewise busted through , giving scientists insight into what will eventually happen again .
The outlook is not rosy .
The solar storm of 1859 was three times more powerful than one that cut power to an entire Canadian province in 1989 .
Experts say if it happened today – and it could – the result might be unthinkable .
If a storm that severe occurred today , it could cause up to $ 2 trillion in initial damages by crippling communications on Earth and fueling chaos among residents and even governments in a scenario that would require four to 10 years for recovery , according to a report earlier this year by the National Academy of Sciences .
For comparison , hurricane Katrina inflicted somewhere between $ 80 billion and $ 125 billion in damage .
The good news is that astronomers know what they 're dealing with a little more nowadays and have the ability to forecast solar storms , with the help of sun-watching spacecraft .
The storms originate – still largely unpredictably – from dark sunspots .
Once the spots erupt , an initial wave of radiation strikes Earth in just minutes .
The worst eruptions unleash another cloud of charged particles that billow outward and take anywhere from 18 to 36 hours to reach us ; those can be spotted and evaluated on the way , allowing for relatively accurate predictions of arrival time and potency .
Advance warning allows key power - grid switching stations to be turned off for protection .
Satellites that might otherwise be knocked out by an electrical short are put into sleep mode .
We have the 1859 tempest to thank for ushering in the era of solar storm forecasting .
" The cause of all this [ in 1859 ] was an extraordinary solar flare witnessed the day before by British astronomer Richard Carrington , " according to Spaceweather.com .
" His sighting marked the discovery of solar flares and foreshadowed a new field of study : space weather . "
The sun operates on an 11 - year cycle of activity .
The next peak is expected in 2013 .
Forecasters recently revised their prediction for just how powerful that peak might be , downgrading it to mild .
But the sun is unpredictable , and even during a mild period of activity – such as right now – major flares can kick up colossal storms .
In a universe of supermassive stars and galactic cannibalism , what makes astronomers call a star system " extreme " ?
Megaspeed .
A group at University of Warwick found two white dwarf stars revolving around each other in a blinding 5.4 minutes .
Advertisement
You know what that means , do n't you ?
For these two collapsed stars , a year is about five and a half minutes long .
I have no idea what that does to the 5 - hour workweek , but I think it might be bad .
In a release about their discovery , we learn more about this EXTREME situation :
The binary system consists of two white dwarfs .
These are the burnt - out cinders of stars such as our Sun , and contain a highly condensed form of helium , carbon and oxygen .
The two white dwarfs in HM Cancri are so close together that mass is flowing from one star to the other .
HM Cancri was first noticed as an X - ray source in 1999 showing a 5.4 minutes periodicity but for a long time it has remained unclear whether this period also indicated the actual orbital period of the system .
It was so short that astronomers were reluctant to accept the possibility without solid proof . . .
Professor Tom Marsh from the University of Warwick said , " This is an intriguing system in a number of ways : it has an extremely short period ; mass flows from one star and crashes down onto the equator of the other in a region comparable in size to the English Midlands where it liberates more than the Sun 's entire power in X - rays .
It could also be a strong emitter of gravitational waves which may one day be detected from this type of star system . "
Advertisement
Marsh and his colleagues got their ultimate proof of the 5 - minute year by using the giant Keck telescope on Hawaii .
Their work will be published tomorrow in the Astrophysical Journal of Letters .
via Eurekalert
Firsthand impressions outside the CES crucible are flowing in following the worldwide launch of Samsung 's new LCD 3DTVs .
UK publications have gotten up close with production versions of the new HDTVs , observed the Blu-ray disc packed in with the new displays over there plus the 2D - to - 3D conversion feature , reporting the latter worked better on sports footage of ice skaters but caused " disconcerting " effect on news broadcasts .
A video preview from ( embedded after the break ) gives a good look at the new remote and managed to clear up one of the early worries about new display by confirming the 3D effect continued to work even from a wide viewing angle .
For those who have already pressed the buy button , taking advantage of that effect will of course require 3D glasses .
While Samsung 's already promised multiple models a lone battery powered pair for adults has appeared for preorder on Vanns for $ 150 , which despite the relatively reasonable cost of the displays could make group viewings very expensive for the early adopter .
While that may not be out of the price range for some , we 'll keep an eye out for pricing info from the competition -- and looking for cheaper 3rd party alternatives .
Check out their impressions and decide for yourself how much a 3D World Cup experience is worth .
[ Thanks ,
Dave ]
Medicating a Madman A Sober Look at Hitler 's Health
There are myriad theories out there about Hitler 's health .
Some say he was a drug addict , others say he was the victim of a hypnosis gone wrong .
Then there are the strange hypotheses about his genitalia .
A new book , however , debunks most such ideas .
Drugs and illness , the authors conclude , had little effect on his actions .
The sacred Christian holiday of Easter is celebrated in somewhat similar ways around the world , but there are some traditions from various regions that may be new to you .
1. Baranek Wielkanocny
The Baranek Wielkanocny , or Easter Butter Lamb is a hunk of butter shaped into a woolly lamb to celebrate Easter in Poland .
You might find one in your Easter basket or use it as a centerpiece for the holiday feast .
If the local priest is blessing baskets of Easter foods before they are laid out for the meal , the Butter Lamb is always included .
They are sold in delis around the holiday or you can make your own at home .
2. The Burning of Judas
In several countries , it is customary to burn an effigy of Judas Iscariot , the betrayer of Jesus , sometimes as part of a Passion play .
See burnings in Mexico , Greece , Venezuela , Crete , Portugal , and Spain .
The effigy is often hanged by the neck before the burning on the Friday or Saturday before Easter .
For an added touch , some celebrants stuff the effigy with fireworks or give it the face of an unpopular politician .
3. Pysanky Eggs
Eggs , symbols of new life , are used in several ways to mark the Easter holiday .
People in many countries decorate eggs in beautiful colors .
Pysanky eggs are an example of Ukrainian folk art .
They are decorated in nature motifs using a batik method .
The designs are drawn in negative with wax , and colors are built up using successive dye immersions .
The wax design is changed as different colors of dye are used .
The results can be quite elaborate .
Here 's a tutorial on making Pysanky eggs .
Photograph by Luba Petrusha .
4. Crucifixion
In the Philippines , some Christians put themselves through the same punishments that Jesus endured , from self - flagellation to allowing themselves to be nailed to a cross .
This " mortification of the flesh " is extremely painful , but volunteers are not left on crosses long enough to endanger their lives .
Representatives of the Catholic church try to discourage these extreme re-enactments .
Image by Flickr user nigel@hornchurch .
5. Maundy Money
Maundy Thursday is the Thursday before Easter , traditionally the day Jesus celebrated the Passover meal known as the last supper and was later arrested .
In the United Kingdom , the day is commemorated when the reigning monarch gives away Maundy Money .
In times past , the king or queen washed the feet of the poor as well to show humility .
In the modern era , the giving of alms is ceremonial , with Queen Elizabeth passing out coins in an amount equal to her age .
Special coins are minted for this purpose , which become collector 's items .
This Thursday , she will distribute 84 pence to each recipient .
6 . The Rocket War of Vrondados
In the village of Vrondados , on the Greek island of Chios , the annual war of the rockets is staged between two churches , Agios Marcos and Erithiani .
Residents spend all year preparing thousands of rockets containing fireworks .
On Saturday night before Orthodox Easter , the rockets are fired between the churches for hours .
The custom goes back many years , and although there are plenty of stories , no one is quite sure how the tradition began .
This article originally appeared in 2010 .
Redditor troelskn made an interesting observation about my recent blog post about Singletons , pointing out that static variables defined within a method behave completely differently to regular static properties .
I use static method variables often but still found this behaviour surprising .
I decided this was a good opportunity to find out exactly how static methods , properties and variables work in PHP .
I put together a few test cases to compare the static and self keywords as well as to look at class introspection methods .
You can see the code and results here .
I 'll step through each of the tests and examine them in detail .
This post covers advanced behaviour of static scoping .
An introduction to PHP 's static scoping gives a primer to readers who are looking for something simpler .
Self Keyword
The first example takes a look at PHP 's self keyword , which was introduced with PHP 5.0 .
It uses what is known as " compile time binding " .
This essentially means that PHP 's compilation stage replaces any references to self with a reference to a specific class .
In our examples the calls to self : : whoBase ( ) and self : : whoOverridden ( ) will be compiled as though we had written A:: whoBase ( ) and A:: whoOverridden ( ) .
Therefore calling **B**::testA( ) is always going to produce the same result as **A**:: testA ( ) ; both telling us that the class name is A .
Because of this a method which has non-trivial use of the self keyword is almost always useless when inherited .
There are two main reasons that inheriting static methods properly is not possible with compile time binding .
Firstly the compilation process does not know which subclasses might inherit from class being compiled .
Subclasses could be import -ed at any time in the future , so the compilation stage must ignore all subclasses for consistency .
The second and more practical reason is that self references can only by replaced by a single class reference , so the compiler must choose the super class .
The takeaway from this is that you should assume that a self method call or property reference will be unaware of any subclasses .
Static Keyword
Obviously PHP developers were n't happy with the limitations of self ; even Zend ran into it 's limitations .
The lack of usable inheritance meant the utility of static methods was greatly reduced .
Thankfully PHP 5.3 introduced late static binding through the static keyword , which can be used interchangeably with self .
Late static binding means that the decision as to which class static references should resolve to is not made until the code is called .
When B::testA( ) is called in our second example the PHP runtime makes a note that the method was called on class B .
When the runtime encounters the call to static :: whoOverridden ( ) within that method it translates the static reference to class B , as that 's the class it noted earlier , and dispatches a call to B:: whoOverridden ( ) .
Surprisingly PHP wo n't forget that static should still resolve to B even if we add in self method calls in between the two steps .
If we call the test method B::testAViaSelfReference ( ) , which is defined in A , we might expect that the call to self : : testA ( ) would cause future static references to point to A .
However we actually get the same result as we'd get without the self misdirection : the reference to class B is not lost .
Only explicit references to a class by name will reset what static refers to .
This is demonstrated by the test method B::testAViaExplicitReference ( ) .
You will have noticed that the static keyword is also used for static method and variable declaration .
This dual usage only exists to save the language authors from defining a new PHP keyword , and should n't be taken to mean any more than that .
The rule of thumb for static keywords is that they will always resolve to the class named explicitly in the calling code .
Static Method Variables
Static variables have been available since PHP 4 and allow you to define a persistent variable that is only accessible from the current function .
This allows you to encapsulate state into a function or method and can eliminate the need for classes where a single function will suffice .
The third tests show that surprisingly , when a static variable is defined inside a class method they will always refer to the class on which the method was called .
In doing this they act almost like properties referenced through static , though there are subtle differences .
Our test B::selfCount ( ) increments
A's count , which indicates static variables can't preserve the calling class scope like we just saw the static keyword do .
I can see this being potentially problematic if have an inherited method containing a static variable that is called from both inside and outside it 's class .
If you find yourself doing this I 'd suggest always using the static keyword rather than self for method calls inside the class , otherwise you will end up with two separate static variables in your method , one attached to the subclass and one to the super class .
Alternatively , you could use static properties inside class methods and only use static variables from within plain functions .
Static Class Introspection
The final test classes look at the different ways we can check which class our current scope is attached to .
The older get_class ( ) method and __CLASS__ constant will always tell us where our methods are defined but not what class they are called against .
The function get_called_class ( ) is new in PHP 5.3 and is the late static bound equivalent to get_class ( ) .
It returns the called class and has the same behaviour as the static keyword .
That 's All
I found this little experiment to give me a much better insight into those tricky corner cases I generally try and avoid because I 'm unsure of how PHP will act .
The behaviour of static variables is still the most surprising result , though I 'm sceptical to whether anything interesting can be done to make use of its abnormal behaviour ( like using it to create pseudo late static binding for pre-PHP 5.3 setups ) .
The side effect of using self with static variables has convinced me that the static keyword is probably a better choice when available .
Singletons , pointing out that static variables defined within a method behave completely differently to regu
Intel 's Celeron line of CPUs are n't known for their feature set of performance credentials , but the budget parts are a favourite among overclocking enthusiasts who 're looking to push their processors to the limit .
Do n't be surprised , then , to find that an overclocker going by the name of TiN has set a new world record for CPU frequency by overclocking a 3.06 GHz Intel Celeron D 347 right the way up to a blistering 8,199.5MHz .
In an age of multi- threaded computing , CPU frequency is no longer the defining performance characteristic , but there 's no denying TiN 's remarkable feat .
So how did he do it ?
Well , in order to best cool the £ 25 CPU , he first heated it to over 200 °C to remove the integrated heat spreader ( IHS ) .
With that out the way , he popped the still - working CPU into a heavily - modified DFI Lanparty UT P35 - T2R motherboard and watched it hit 8,199.5M
Hz whilst cooled by liquid nitrogen .
TiN 's score beats out the previous record holder by just 16.8MHz .
Here 's the validated CPU -Z screenshot :
From Bulbanews , your community Pokémon newspaper .
Fan site posts info before games ' release
Article Discussion Report error Tuesday , February 2 , 2010 Reported on Bulbanews by Kevzo8
This article brought to you by Bulbanews , your community Pokémon newspaper .
Link to this article
Team Rocket Executives
Rumor Warning !
Some information in this article has not yet been confirmed true .
Proceed with caution .
Serebii.net recently reported new information about Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver a month before the games ' official English - language release .
The site revealed the English names of the player characters , Rocket Executives , and more .
The player characters ' English names were revealed .
Hibiki is now known as Ethan and Kotone as Lyra .
Please note that the name Lyra was first revealed by the official Pokémon site on their summary for the upcoming episode An Egg Scramble !.
Team Rocket Executives ' English names were revealed , as well .
Apollo is now known as Archer and Athena as Arianna .
Lance has been renamed Proton , and Lambda is now named Petrel .
The Pokéthlon has been renamed Pokéathlon , a portmanteau of Pokémon and Triathlon .
One of the Pokéathlon stats was renamed as well .
The Technique stat is now known as the Skill stat .
The Apricorn Shaker mixes Apricorns together to make performance - boosting Apricorn drinks called Aprijuice .
In addition , the Pokéathlon Founder named Kobushi is now named Magnus .
Artwork of Arceus inside the Sinjoh Ruins
Names for new items introduced in HeartGold and SoulSilver were also revealed .
The Verdant Orb , the item that allows the player to encounter Rayquaza in the Hidden Tower is now called the Jade Orb .
The Tide Bell , which is used by the Kimono Girls to summon Lugia , is now called Tidal Bell .
The Unown Notebook is now known as the Unown Report and the GB Player as the GB Sound .
The Mysterious Crystal has been renamed Enigma Stone , and the Itemfinder is now named Dowsing MCHN in Generation IV .
The Compe Ball , the Poké Ball used to catch wild Pokémon in the Bug - Catching Contest , is now known as Sport Ball .
The Apricorn Case and the Berry Planter that allows the Apricorns and Berries to grow while traveling , are now called Apricorn Box and Berry Pots , respectively .
Two locations were also renamed .
Sinjoh Ruins is the new name for the Shinto Ruins , a combination of Sinnoh and Johto .
An area inside the ruins formerly known as the Triad Stage now called the Mystri Stage .
The Hidden Tower in Route 47 , where Groudon , Kyogre and Rayquaza rest , is now known as the Embedded Tower .
The Game Corner has also been changed .
Instead of the slot machines , a new mini - game is added called Voltorb Flip .
Players have to flip tiles to get a variety of multipliers .
However , Voltorb are placed randomly in each set .
The number of Voltorb are shown in each row and column .
The task is to get the multipliers and not hit any tiles that contain Voltorb , similar to the game Minesweeper .
As the player progress without hitting the tiles with Voltorb , the levels get more difficult and more tiles with Voltorb appearing , but the number of coin multipliers increases .
Players will have to start at the first level if they keep on hitting Voltorb .
Update : The Offical Nintendo Magazine 's website has now confirmed and detailed Voltorb Flip .
1
Update 2 : Serebii.net posted the English names of the Pokéathlon events .
Japanese name English name Dash Hurdle Hurdle Dash Bound Field Lamp Jump Ring - Out Flight Ring Drop Shooting Snow Snow Throw Change Relay Relay Run Break Block Block Break Steal Flag Penant Grab Catch Saucer Disc Catch Smash Goal Goal Roll
A few Republicans actually care more about jobs than fat cat tax cuts , believe it or not .
As of this moment , Scott Brown did buck leadership on his first significant vote , and Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe joined with him to vote for cloture on Reid 's $ 15 billion jobs package .
Barring Dem defections , the bill goes on to full consideration .
Final votes are trickling in now .
I 'll update with the roll call vote when it is available .
Update : Add Voinovich to that list .
Update 2 : And just to prove that bipartisanship can go both ways , Ben Nelson votes no .
Update 3 : Go figure .
Kit Bond makes it five Republican votes for jobs .
The genome of a man who lived on the western coast of Greenland some 4,000 years ago has been decoded , thanks to the surprisingly good preservation of DNA in a swatch of his hair so thick it was originally thought to be from a bear .
This is the first time the whole genome of an ancient human has been analyzed , and it joins the list of just eight whole genomes of living people that have been decoded so far .
It also sheds new light on the settlement of North America by showing there was a hitherto unsuspected migration of people across the continent , from Siberia to Greenland , some 5,500 years ago .
The Greenlander belonged to a Paleo - Eskimo culture called the Saqqaq by archaeologists .
Using his genome as a basis , a team of researchers from the University of Copenhagen determined that the Saqqaq man ’s closest living relatives were the Chukchis , people who live at the easternmost tip of Siberia .
His ancestors split apart from Chukchis some 5,500 years ago , according to genetic calculations , implying that the Saqqaq people ’s ancestors must have traveled across the northern edges of North America until they reached Greenland .
The team , led by Morten Rasmussen and Eske Willerslev of the University of Copenhagen , decoded the genome from four tufts of hair dug out of the permafrost at Qeqertasussuk , on the west coast of Greenland .
The hair was excavated in 1986 and kept in a plastic bag in the National Museum of Denmark .
It was found with other waste , and the scientists speculate that it was the result of a haircut .
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
Top labels like Gucci are common in Italy and stopping the trade is unlikely
Police in Italy have made a major seizure of counterfeit goods .
The haul included clothes and leather goods , which officers say are of amazing quality .
The fake goods were discovered in eight industrial hangars east of Rome .
They included clothes , shoes , leather goods and other accessories .
Police say they could have come from Asia .
Italy has had a series of counterfeit scams in recent years .
It is believed that the items would have been given Italian designer labels and sold in markets and on the streets of Italy 's cities , where fake handbags , wallets and belts can be seen around tourist attractions .
It is the latest in a massive haul of counterfeit goods in recent years .
Italy 's national retailers association say around 6.9bn euros ( £ 6 bn ) of fake products are sold each year .
Among other elaborate scams in recent years has been the case of two Japanese businessmen who were stopped on a train carrying fake bonds worth 97bn euros .
Then there was the giant counterfeit olive oil deception .
The batches were actually concoctions of sunflower oil mixed with industrial chlorophyll .
There have been calls for a counterfeit tsar to be appointed to stop the rackets which cost legitimate businesses so much .
But in a country where top class labels like Gucci , Bulgari and Armani are so common , stopping the trade is , in practical terms , highly unlikely , especially when so many buyers are eager to snap up the fakes .
Last week , when Forest & Bird revealed leaked documents showing that the government planned to open more than 7,000 hectares of schedule 4 land to mining , including the Te Ahumata plateau on Great Barrier Island , the Otahu Ecological Area and Parakawai Geological Reserve in Coromandel , 2,500 hectares near Thames , and the Eastern Paparoa National Park , near Inangahua , the government was quick to claim that the information was false , and that it was all " scaremongering " and " hysteria " .
Today , they released their plans to open more than 7,000 hectares of schedule 4 land to mining , including the Te Ahumata plateau on Great Barrier Island , the Otahu Ecological Area and Parakawai Geological Reserve in Coromandel , 2,500 hectares near Thames , and the Eastern Paparoa National Park , near Inangahua - the exact areas Forest & Bird had indicated .
Last week 's " hysteria " is today 's policy .
The lesson is clear : if the government claims something is " hysterical " , it is almost certainly true .
The government is trying to spin this as only taking a little bit - only 0.2 % of current schedule 4 land .
But this ignores the fact that Schedule 4 land is our most ecologically sensitive areas .
No part of it shoudl be dug up .
As for their claims that they are adding more than they are taking away , this is land which had been earmarked to be added to Schedule 4 for some time , and which was going to be added anyway .
In other words , more spin and bullshit .
As Forest & Bird pointed out , the areas in question provide critical habitat for endangered native species such as the brown teal and Hochstetter 's Frog , as well as native fish and plants .
The government wants to run them all over with a bulldozer .
The areas are described as " outstanding " by DoC .
The government wants to cut down the trees , dig up the land , and leave us with a moonscape .
Its as if we 're governed by orcs ...
People are not going to let this happen .
There will be protests , blockades , and people lying down in front of bulldozers to protect these precious natural places .
But the most effective protest will come at the ballot box in 2011 .
Thanks to MMP , National is only 2 % and a coalition realignment away from opposition - and they 've just given people a real reason to make that happen .
Update : Added link .
BERLIN —
It usually takes an author decades to win fawning reviews , march up the best - seller list and become a finalist for a major book prize .
Helene Hegemann , just 17 , did it with her first book , all in the space of a few weeks , and despite a savaging from critics over plagiarism .
The publication last month of her novel about a 16 - year - old exploring Berlin ’s drug and club scene after the death of her mother , called “ Axolotl Roadkill , ” was heralded far and wide in German newspapers and magazines as a tremendous debut , particularly for such a young author .
The book shot to No. 5 this week on the magazine Spiegel ’s hardcover best - seller list .
For the obviously gifted Ms. Hegemann , who already had a play ( written and staged ) and a movie ( written , directed and released in theaters ) to her credit , it was an early ascension to the ranks of artistic stardom .
That is , until a blogger last week uncovered material in the novel taken from the less - well - known novel “ Strobo , ” by an author writing under the nom de plume Airen .
In one case , an entire page was lifted with few changes .
As other unattributed sources came to light , outsize praise quickly turned to a torrent of outrage , reminiscent of the uproar in 2006 over a Harvard sophomore , Kaavya Viswanathan , who was caught plagiarizing numerous passages in her much praised debut novel .
But Ms. Hegemann ’s story took a very different turn .
Song after song testifies to pain , loneliness and a longing for refuge .
“ The ground is full of broken stones / The last leaf has fallen / I have nowhere to turn now , ” Sade sings in “ Bring Me Home , ” a elegiac tune over a hip - hop beat .
In the album ’s closing song , “ The Safest Place , ” she offers her own affection as a sanctuary : “ My heart has been a lonely warrior before , / So you can be sure . ”
For the last five years Sade has had what she calls a “ partner , ” Ian Watts .
They live together in rural Gloucestershire , England ’s west country , where they are raising Sade ’s 13 - year - old daughter , Ila , and Mr. Watts ’s 18 - year - old son , Jack .
Sade is considering marriage .
“ There ’s lots of regrets about time wasted and all those mistakes in the past , ” said Sade , who was divorced from the Spanish filmmaker Carlos Pliego in 1995 .
“ But there ’s something lovely about knowing that when it ’s right , you really know it ’s right because you ’ve already been through all the wrong . ”
Image 2001 Credit ...
Tim Mosenfelder / Getty Images
Sade spends most of her time in the west country , only occasionally driving her Volvo into London .
At her Islington house there were sheets over some furniture , and old cassette tapes on the shelves along with books of art and photography .
For Sade the past decade was filled largely with domestic matters : gardening , parenthood , building a house ( now nearly finished ) in Gloucestershire , tending to someone terminally ill she declined to identify .
“ If you ’ve got a sick friend , or someone you love is dying , to say , ‘ See you later , I ’m going into the studio ’ 
I just ca n’t do it , ” she said .
“ It does n’t matter to me enough at that moment . ”
Her daughter traveled with Sade ’s 2002 tour , but Sade would put her to bed before going onstage .
“ She never saw me sing , ” Sade said .
“ She ’s just a little tiny thing , standing there , with her mum out on the stage in front of all those people ?
I thought it would be too weird for her . ”
A few years ago , Ila asked her , “ Mum , are you famous ? ” Sade recalled .
“ Now she ’s completely sure and aware what the situation is . ”
( Ila Adu sings backup , along with Mr. Matthewman ’s son , Clay , on the song “ Babyfather . ” )
Sade hesitated to plunge back into songwriting .
“ That feeling of revelation , of exposing myself emotionally , ” she said , “ That was maybe something that held me back , subconsciously , from going into it again .
But it is n’t all about me , and it ’s not only me , and the only way I can forget about it is by doing it . ”
Binyam Mohamed says he was tortured while in custody The White House has expressed " deep disappointment " at a UK court ruling that information on the alleged torture of a UK resident had to be disclosed .
A spokesman added the judgement would " complicate " intelligence sharing .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband lost an Appeal Court bid on Wednesday to prevent the details being published .
Ethiopian - born Binyam Mohamed , 31 , says UK authorities knew he was tortured at the behest of US authorities after his detention in Pakistan in 2002 .
The ruling led to the publication of a summary of the torture of Mr Mohamed .
The information had been given to MI5 by the CIA - and suggested that British officials were aware of Mr Mohamed 's ill - treatment .
Mr Miliband had repeatedly tried to stop its publication on the grounds that it could damage intelligence - sharing with America .
US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton is believed to be " understanding " about the UK government 's position after talking with Mr Miliband , the BBC has learned .
The United States and the United Kingdom have a long history of close cooperation that relies on mutual respect for the handling of classified information
Denis Blair , US Director of National Intelligence
Binyam ruling manipulation claim Analyis : Torture detail revealed But Ben LaBolt , a spokesman for President Barack Obama , said : " We 're deeply disappointed with the court 's judgment because we shared this information in confidence and with certain expectations .
" As we warned , the court 's judgment will complicate the confidentiality of our intelligence - sharing relationship with the UK , and it will have to factor into our decision - making going forward . "
The Federal Government is closed because of blizzard conditions and it is thought it will take some time for the American government to work out the implications of the lengthy judgement .
Vital paragraphs Denis Blair , the US Director of National Intelligence , said : " The decision by a United Kingdom court to release classified information provided by the United States is not helpful , and we deeply regret it .
" The United States and the United Kingdom have a long history of close co-operation that relies on mutual respect for the handling of classified information . "
Judges ruled that paragraphs which say Mr Mohamed 's treatment was " cruel , inhuman and degrading " should be released .
Mr Miliband said the ruling was " not evidence that the system is broken " .
The judgement was delivered by the three most senior Court of Appeal judges in England and Wales .
The key details are contained in a seven - paragraph summary of what the CIA told British intelligence officials about Mr Mohamed 's treatment in 2002 .
These paragraphs have now been published on the Foreign Office website .
The paragraphs concern a period in which Mr Mohamed was being held by Pakistani interrogators at the behest of the US , who suspected him of having received firearms and explosives training from al - Qaeda in Afghanistan .
Suicide watch
They say Mr Mohamed was intentionally subjected to continuous sleep deprivation , as well as threats and inducements , including playing on his fears that he would be passed on to another country .
London learnt that the stress brought on by these deliberate tactics was increased by him being shackled during his interviews and that Mr Mohamed was eventually placed on suicide watch .
The Court of Appeal said recent events in the US courts were a key reason for releasing the UK summary of what had happened to Mr Mohamed .
Just before Christmas , a US Court ruled on a related case involving a different detainee , in which the judge provided pages of detailed information on how Mr Mohamed had been abused .
' Defend a principle '
The judge said his treatment was torture - and her reasoning was cleared for publication by the US security officials .
Following this week 's ruling in London , Mr Miliband gave a statement to the House of Commons , saying he accepted the court 's decision , but that the government 's objection had never been about the seven paragraphs specifically .
" We have fought this case and brought the appeal to defend a principle we believe is fundamental to our national security - that intelligence shared with us will be protected by us , " the foreign secretary said .
Mr Mohamed , an Ethiopian granted refugee status in Britain in 1994 , was initially arrested in Pakistan in 2002 over a visa irregularity and was handed over to US officials .
He was secretly flown to Morocco in 2002 .
There , he says , he was tortured while interrogators asked him about his life in London - questions , he says , that could have come only from British intelligence officers .
Mr Mohamed was sent to the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , run by the US in Cuba , in 2004 .
He was held there until his release without charge in February 2009 , when he returned to the UK .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Netflix warns loophole , Comcast - NBC merger could hurt open Internet
Netflix ’s main business -- DVDs delivered by mail -- could n’t be more 1990s .
But increasingly , the company ’s streaming online video service has emerged as a threat to cable and satellite television providers .
The company is now warning the Federal Communications Commission that unless the agency strengthens a key portion of its proposed net neutrality rules , companies like theirs wo n’t ever make it to the mainstream .
And Netflix worries the merger by Comcast and NBC would make it even easier for the cable giant to give its own content priority over that of competitors .
Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in House and Senate hearings last week that the company has no incentive to withhold NBC content from competitors .
But he did n’t speak specifically about how that content would be offered and if , as one competing ISP said , the company would make NBC shows and movies available at such steep prices and conditions that it would be difficult for competitors to lease rights to the content .
In recent comments to the agency , the Los Gatos video services company said the “ managed services ” portion of FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski ’s open - Internet rules could be a loophole for the biggest Internet service providers to gain unfair advantage for their own applications over those of competitors .
“ If left unchecked , the “ managed services ” category could engulf
the Commission ’s open Internet policies altogether .
As such , the Commission
must carefully circumscribe the network operators ’ ability to exempt certain
services from the openness rules by classifying them as managed services , ” Netflix wrote in its filing .
Think of a managed service as a dedicated channel on the Internet for things like telemedicine or streaming video like Netflix .
A carrier allots a certain amount of bandwidth and assurance of quality to that channel .
Those companies have pushed for exemptions in the FCC 's net neutrality rules , bringing up examples of video for remote medical care that need prioritization .
But also imagine how a company would put their own video services in that channel – essentially extending the cable television model to the Internet .
Netflix is among a growing number of Internet video companies pairing up with TV makers like LG and set top boxes like that of Roku , which sit at the intersection of the Web ’s convergence with the television .
Those companies have pushed a slow but remarkable move by consumers to cut their cable and satellite subscriptions .
Parks Group Associates , a research firm , said last week that 8 percent of broadband users ( 5.5 million homes ) would cut the chord on paid TV services , down slightly from 11 percent the year earlier .
The company said about 0.5 percent of all homes have cut the chord .
Consumer advocates say viewers are largely reluctant because they still ca n’t get full libraries of their favorite shows online .
They media companies like NBC , Viacom and News Corp. are n’t as inclined to strike distribution deals with newcomers like Vuze and YouTube because of their relationships with carriers .
Those upstarts do n’t have the built - in subscriber base that those cable and satellite companies have .
They also point to a recent cable and satellite television strategy called TV Everywhere that brings cable and satellite content online , but only to subscribers of both paid TV and broadband services .
“ By bundling the traditional cable TV offering with Internet delivery of content , vertically integrated MVPDs and network operators are potentially extending and expanding their dominant market position at the expense of competitive online offerings , ” Netflix wrote .
“ Moreover , the recent announcement of the proposed merger of Comcast and NBC Universal serves to exacerbate the growing concern that MVPDs will use their control over programming networks to stifle competition , including the growing competition from online video providers like Netflix . ”
KATOWICE , Poland , Jan. 26 ( UPI ) -- A Polish funeral director said he opened the coffin of a 76 - year - old man to retrieve items for the bereaved family only to discover the man was still alive .
Jerzy Wisniewski , a spokesman for the Regional Ambulance Service in Katowice , said beekeeper Josef Guzy collapsed near his barn and was pronounced dead at the scene by a doctor , The Times of London reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" There were no signs of life when his wife called the ambulance .
An experienced doctor with a specialist qualification in resuscitation found that the patient was not breathing , there was no heartbeat and the body had cooled -- all the characteristics of death , " Wisniewski said .
However , funeral director Darius Wysluchato said he opened Guzy 's coffin later that day to retrieve a necklace for the man 's wife and discovered a pulse .
" I happened to touch the artery in the neck and was totally shocked .
I checked it again and shouted , ' There is a pulse . '
My assistant checked as well .
I leaned in close and I could tell that he was still breathing .
My God , it was a miracle , " Wysluchato said .
Guzy was rushed to intensive care and was released from the hospital after a few weeks of treatment .
He said he is grateful to Wysluchato for finding his signs of life .
" The undertaker saved my life .
I am so grateful .
The first thing I did when I got out of hospital was take him a pot of honey , " he said .
Petrovich
Introduction
Design Principles
Provide an operating system and computer language that can learn and improve its performance in a natural manner .
Adapt to user feedback in an intelligent manner .
Language Concepts
Commands
do something
Causes Petrovich to do something .
Causes Petrovich to do something .
do something with < file >
Causes Petrovich to do something using the named file .
Causes Petrovich to do something using the named file .
reward
Rewards Petrovich .
Rewards Petrovich .
punish
Punishes Petrovich .
Examples
Petrovich > do something
11:15:23 11 June 2005
Petrovich > reward
Petrovich >
The user asked Petrovich to do something , and Petrovich responded with the current time .
Since this was useful to the user , the user rewards Petrovich .
Petrovich > do something with data_run_20050711.txt
plotting data to printer
Petrovich > punish
Petrovich > do something with data_run_20050711.txt
performing Fast Fourier Transform ...
saving result to data_FFT_20050711.txt
Petrovich > reward
Petrovich >
The user asked Petrovich to do something with some scientific data .
It responds first by plotting the data and printing it .
Since this is not what the user wanted , he punishes Petrovich , then tries again .
Wanting to avoid punishment , Petrovich tries something different , and this time performs an operation useful to the user .
To encourage such behaviour , the user rewards Petrovich .
Petrovich > do something with HalleBerry001.jpg
file deleted
Petrovich > punish
Petrovich > do something with HalleBerry002.jpg
searching web for similar images ...
downloading ...
Petrovich > reward
Petrovich >
The user asked Petrovich to do something with a soft porn file , and Petrovich responded by deleting the file .
The user did not want this to happen , so punishes Petrovich .
The user then asks Petrovich to do something with another file .
This time , chastened by the punishment , Petrovich tries a web search and retrieving similar images to add to the user 's porn collection .
The user rewards Petrovich .
It should be clear from these examples that Petrovich is incredibly powerful and can develop software to handle any data processing task .
And in case you think this is entirely a joke , imagine a Petrovich layer over another operating system , such as Microsoft Windows ( TM ) .
Every time Windows does something you do n't like , you could punish it , and it would never do it again ...
Petrovich on the net
Big shocker : Microsoft is n’t supporting Adobe ’s Flash in its brand new Windows Phone 7 operating system .
Windows Phone 7 joins Apple ’s iPhone and iPad in snubbing the widely - used plug -in .
The news was delivered to Information Week , which received a surprise email from Adobe saying :
“ While the newest version of Windows Phone wo n’t support Flash at initial availability , both companies are working to include a browser plug - in for the full Flash player in future versions of Windows Phone .
More details will be shared at Microsoft MIX next month . ”
Information Week is skeptical .
It says it ’s not clear if Flash is coming to WinMo 7 at all .
Microsoft launched WinMo 7 on Monday to great acclaim .
Blogs like Gizmodo and Wired ’s Gadget Lab , which got to play with the new system at the Mobile World Congress , say it looks better and is easier to use than the iPhone .
( Giz : Windows Phone 7 Interface : Microsoft Has Out - Appled Apple ; Gadget Lab : Hands - On With Windows Phone 7 Series
Of course , Microsoft makes its own Silverlight platform , a rich - media platform which competes with Flash on the web .
Although Apple has remained officially mum on the issue of Flash , it ’s widely understood that the company views the plug - in as buggy and power - hungry .
Not all smartphone makes are snubbing Flash , however .
Adobe just announced Flash for Google ’s Android platform , it ’s first step into mobile .
Information Week : Windows Mobile 7 Wo n’t Get Flash
Via Gadget Lab .
Девушка с большой грудью раздевается .
теги у этой публикации не заданы [ все теги сайт а ]
The girl with the big breast undresses .
Fedora 33 To Stick With systemd - resolved Following Last Minute Concerns
One of the fundamental changes with Fedora 33 is making use of systemd - resolved by default for network name resolution .
A number of users testing out Fedora 33 on desktops and servers have run into various issues with systemd - resolved and sought to revert and delay this default behavioral change until a later release .
3 Hours Ago - Fedora - F33 + systemd - resolved
30 September
Linux 5.9 Gets More Fixes For AMD RDNA2 GPUs , Promotes Navi 12
A batch of fixes to the AMDGPU kernel graphics driver were sent in today for Linux 5.9 .
While AMDGPU fixes this late in the kernel cycle tend to not be too notable , this time around there are some prominent items worth covering .
30 September 02:27 PM EDT - Radeon - Navi 12 Not Experimental
Benchmarking Firefox 83 Nightly With " Warp " Against Google Chrome On Linux Following last week 's news of Firefox Nightly flipping on their new JIT " Warp " update I was eager to run fresh benchmarks of the current Firefox releases compared to Google Chrome under Ubuntu Linux .
30 September 01:25 PM EDT - Software
Intel Media Driver 2020.3 Released With Gen12 AV1
Decode , Other Improvements
Just in time for the end of the quarter Intel 's open - source multimedia team has released the Media Driver 2020.3 package for the Intel graphics accelerated media encode / decode component on Linux platforms .
30 September 11:07 AM EDT - Intel - Intel Media Driver 2020.03
OpenCL 3.0 Specification Released With New Khronos Open - Source OpenCL SDK
Back in April was the provisional release of OpenCL 3.0 with making CL 2.x features optional while adding async DMA extensions and more .
Today the finalized version of OpenCL 3.0 has been released plus also introducing an official Khronos OpenCL SDK .
30 September 09:11 AM EDT - Standards - OpenCL 3.0
Intel Sends Out Latest DG1 Linux Patches But Wo n't Hit Until At Least
The 5.11 Kernel
The sixth spin of Intel DG1 discrete graphics card patches have now been sent out for review , amounting to just about 700 lines of new driver code due to building off the existing DG1 work and more broadly the Gen12 / Xe support that 's been refined in mainline for months .
With these patches it would appear the Intel DG1 is then in good shape under Linux but due to the timing is unlikely to be mainlined until a stable kernel release in early 2021 .
30 September 08:42 AM
EDT - Intel - Linux 5.11
Intel Key Locker Support Added To LLVM - Confirms Presence With Tiger Lake
Last week on the GNU toolchain side was initial work on supporting Intel Key Locker while this week Key Locker support has come to LLVM .
30 September 07:00 AM EDT - Intel - Intel Key Locker + LLVM
NVIDIA Vulkan Beta Driver Moves To 455 Series For Linux NVIDIA 's Linux Vulkan beta driver build has moved from the 450 series that it 's been on for a while to the current 455 branch .
30 September 06:38 AM EDT - NVIDIA - NVIDIA 455.22.04
NVIDIA Sends Out Latest Linux Kernel Patches For 1GB THP To Help Boost Performance NVIDIA software engineer Zi Yan sent out on Monday his latest " 1GB PUD THP " patches in aiming to boost application performance on Linux for software making use of large amounts of RAM .
30 September 03:00 AM EDT - Linux Kernel - 1GB PUD THP
Mediatek MT76 WiFi Driver Seeing Nice Improvements For Linux 5.10
For those making use of the " MT76 " WiFi driver for Mediatek MT76 series wireless support , the Linux 5.10 kernel should be a nice upgrade .
30 September 12:09 AM EDT - Linux Networking - MT76 Wireless
29 September
Intel mOS , Torvalds Commentary , Intel Gen12 Graphics , Zen 2 " XT " CPUs Topped Q3
As we approach the end of Q3'2020 there have been 783 original news articles on Phoronix this quarter and another 40 featured reviews / multi-page articles .
Here is a look back at what 's been keeping readers informed during this turbulent year .
29 September 08:47 PM
EDT - Phoronix - Q3-2020
Intel Has Been Working On OpenCL C 3.0 Support For Clang
Intel 's compiler experts in Moscow have been working on OpenCL C 3.0 support for the LLVM Clang compiler front - end.
29 September 05:26 PM EDT - Intel - OpenCL C 3.0 For Clang
Mali G72 Now Supported By Open -Source Panfrost Gallium3D Driver
The open - source Panfrost graphics driver , which is now backed / supported by Arm after starting as a reverse - engineering effort , has picked up support for the Mali G72 GPU .
29 September 01:14 PM EDT - Mesa - Panfrost + Mali G72
Initial Fedora 32 vs. Fedora 33 Beta Benchmarks Point To Slightly Higher Performance
In addition to Fedora Workstation 33 switching to Btrfs , there are a number of key components updated in Fedora 33 as well as finally enabling link - time optimizations ( LTO ) for package builds that make this next Fedora Linux installment quite interesting from a performance perspective .
Here are some initial benchmarks of Fedora Workstation 32 against the Fedora Workstation 33 Beta on an Intel Core i9 10900 K system .
29 September 11:00 AM EDT - Operating Systems
Fedora 33 Beta Released With Big Changes From LTO
To Btrfs
The beta of Fedora 33 is available this morning ahead of the official release expected at the end of October for this Red Hat sponsored Linux distribution .
29 September 09:40 AM EDT - Fedora - Fedora 33
Intel 's oneAPI Is Coming To AMD Radeon GPUs
While yesterday brought the release of Intel 's oneAPI 1.0 specification , the interesting news today is that oneAPI support is coming to AMD Radeon graphics cards .
29 September 09:00 AM EDT - Radeon - oneAPI + Radeon GPUs
NetBSD Has Some Wayland Support But X11
Is Far More Mature Following the news yesterday of NetBSD changing its default X11 window manager after two decades with TWM to now using CTWM by default , some wondered why they do n't jump on the Wayland bandwagon .
29 September 07:46 AM
EDT - Wayland - NetBSD + Wayland
MoltenVK 1.1 Update Brings Big Improvements For Vulkan On macOS MoltenVK 1.1 is out as a big update for this graphics translation layer for getting the Vulkan API running on macOS and iOS devices by translating calls to Apple 's Metal API .
29 September 06:41 AM
EDT - Vulkan - MoltenVK 1.1
Mesa 20.2 Released With RADV ACO By Default , Initial RDNA2 Graphics Support Mesa 20.2 has managed to release just before the end of the the quarter .
This Mesa Q3'2020 graphics driver update is coming out about one month behind schedule but the wait is worthwhile given many open - source OpenGL and Vulkan driver updates .
29 September 06:25 AM EDT - Mesa - Mesa 20.2
Mir 2.1 Released With Some New Protocol Support , Many Fixes Mir 2.1 has been released as Canonical 's project around offering a set of libraries for constructing Wayland shells particularly with Snap confinement support and other Ubuntu - focused features .
29 September 03:02 AM EDT - Ubuntu - Mir 2.1
Developers Try Again To Upstream Motorola 68000 Series Support
In LLVM
Hobbyist developers are trying once again to get a Motorola 68000 back - end merged into the upstream LLVM compiler .
Yes , the M68 k processors that are some 30 + years old .
29 September 12:02 AM EDT - LLVM - M68k
28 September
Red Hat 's Stratis 2.2 Linux Storage Solution Released
A new version of Stratis is ready to go as Red Hat 's open - source storage solution built atop LVM and XFS for offering easy and modern local storage management on Linux systems that aim to rival the likes of Btrfs and ZFS but without having to rely on a new file - system .
28 September 08:29 PM EDT - Linux Storage - Stratis 2.2
Micron Looks To Upstream Their Media Pool " Mpool " Object Storage To The Linux Kernel Micron 's Mpool is at the heart of their HSE Open - Source Storage Engine in providing an object storage media pool built atop block storage devices .
Micron engineers are now looking at possibly having Mpool upstreamed into the mainline Linux kernel .
28 September 02:40 PM EDT - Linux Storage - Micron Mpool
Intel oneAPI 1.0 Officially Released After announcing oneAPI at the end of 2018 and then going into beta last year , oneAPI 1.0 is now official for this open - source , standards - based unified programming model designed to support Intel 's range of hardware from CPUs to GPUs to other accelerators like FPGAs .
Intel 's oneAPI initiative has been one of several exciting software efforts led by the company in recent years while continuing to serve as one of the world 's largest contributors to open - source software .
28 September 01:00 PM EDT - Software
AMDVLK 2020 .Q3.6 Vulkan Driver Brings Several Fixes AMD driver developers today released AMDVLK 2020 .
Q3.6 as their latest open - source snapshot of their official Vulkan graphics driver .
28 September 08:40 AM EDT - Radeon - AMDVLK 2020 .Q3.6
LVFS / Fwupd Serve More Than 20 Million Firmware Downloads For Upgrades
On Linux
It was just earlier this summer that the Linux Vendor Firmware Service ( LVFS ) crossed 17 million firmware downloads while today the Linux hardware community is celebrating that already surpassing 20 million downloads !
28 September 07:45 AM
EDT - Hardware - LVFS
NetBSD Changes Its Default X11 Window Manager After Two Decades
It 's 2020 and NetBSD has changed its default X11 window manager after more than two decades with TWM .
28 September 07:00 AM EDT - BSD - CTWM
OpenSSH 8.4 Brings Better Support For FIDO / 2FA Keys Version 8.4 of OpenSSH has been released and among its wide assortment of changes is a lot of continued work on FIDO / 2FA key handling .
28 September 06:41 AM
EDT - BSD - OpenSSH 8.4
Vulkan 1.2.155 Released With EXT_shader_image_atomic_int64
Vulkan 1.2.155 is out this morning as a small weekly update over last week 's spec revision that brought the Vulkan Portability Extension 1.0 for easing software - based Vulkan implementations running atop other graphics APIs .
28 September 06:27 AM
EDT - Vulkan - EXT_shader_image_atomic_int64
MSM Adreno DRM Driver For Linux 5.10 Has DisplayPort , Per -Process Pagetables Rob Clark who founded the Freedreno / MSM driver project and current Googler sent in the MSM direct rendering manager driver updates targeting the upcoming Linux 5.10 merge window .
This time around the Adreno kernel graphics / display driver has some notable additions .
28 September 12:23 AM
EDT - Linux Kernel - MSM DRM
27 September
Linux 5.9 Stable Expected In Two Weeks , But For Now Is Linux 5.9 -rc7 Linus Torvalds just released Linux 5.9 -rc7 as the newest weekly test candidate for Linux 5.9 .
Due to the regressions encountered this cycle and prominent issues being resolved late , he 's looking at releasing Linux 5.9 in two weeks time rather than next week .
27 September 06:22 PM
EDT - Linux Kernel - Linux 5.9
More Vulkan NCNN Inference Benchmarks On AMD Radeon vs. NVIDIA GeForce Under Linux Given the interest from the RealSR - NCNN Vulkan benchmarks on various NVIDIA and AMD Radeon graphics cards looking at this neural network inference framework with the task of upscaling an image by 4 x the resolution using RealSR , here are some more benchmarks of the NCNN framework accelerated by Vulkan on different GPUs under Ubuntu Linux .
27 September 01:27 PM
EDT - Vulkan - NCNN Vulkan
Independent Developers Tackling Snapdragon 630/660 SoC Support For The Upstream Linux Kernel Qualcomm's Snapdragon 660 is approaching four years old and the Snapdragon 630 a bit younger than that , but these mobile phone SoCs may soon find renewed life on the upstream Linux kernel thanks to the work of community developers .
27 September 06:44 AM
EDT - Hardware - SDM630 / SDM660
© Mike Luckovich
Mitt Romney is now condemning the health care reform bill , even though it is pretty much the same as the system he championed in Massachusetts .
Ah , Bart Stupak , ah , humanity !
As health care reform lurches across the finish line like a madcap nurses - on - the - gurneys race on an episode of M* A * S*H , consider this while considering all the rosy predictions of cost - containment , deficit reduction , and the vanquishing of simple chronic halitosis via bigger government involvement with the 50 percent of health care dollars it does n't already spend :
Where 's Ted Knight or Robert Mandan now that we need a good spit - take / slow burn ?
Ah , that 's right , they 're sleeping with kings and counsellors .
9.17 to 1 ?
That 's good enough for government math , do n't you think ?
This may well be the only chart in all of Christendom that makes the Massachusetts Health Reform , which has lead to the highest premiums in the country for the Bay State , look pretty damn good .
The chart is from a document , prepared during the long , hot summer of 2009 when teabagging terrorists were shooting up town hall meetings on a daily basis by the Joint Economic Committee 's Republican members , so it 's all lies anyway , right ?
Concludes the analysis :
It seems there is a kind of Murphy ? s
Law of health care legislation : " If it can cost more than the highest available official estimate , it probably will . "
The House and Senate are currently considering health care reform bills that would cost in the vicinity of $ 1 trillion over the first 10 years and $ 2.4 trillion over the first 10 years of full implementation .
Given the potentially significant fiscal and budgetary consequences , lawmakers will want to keep this variant of Murphy 's Law in mind when considering major health reform legislation .
Bonus flashback to a 1968 Medicare poster .
Think of government - mandated health care this way :
This poster came out the same year the Beatles released The White Album !
Does that make you feel better ?
And do you know who the first Medicare recipient was ?
That broken - down haberdasher from Missouri , Mr. Harry S. Truman .
Not sure it 's relevant but there 's a fun fact :
In 2007 dollars , households headed by people between the ages of 65 - 74 clocked in with a median net worth of $ 239,400 dollars and those headed by someone 75 or older boasted $ 213,500 .
The median net worth for all American households ?
$ 120,300 .
( See table 4 . )
Maybe old folks are only so rich ( relatively and on average ) because they do n't have to shell out for health care they way they used to in the pre-Medicare world .
Or maybe they 'd still be rich even if they 're retired and paying full price for health insurance ( and cups of coffee ! and movie tickets ! ) like they used to .
And the way that younger and poorer folks are going to have to once that individual mandate kicks in .
All of which is a way of saying :
The future just ai n't turning out the way it was supposed to .
1. Determine how far along in your pregnancy you are .
Count the number of weeks from the first day of your last normal menstrual period .
This will give you an estimate of how far along you are .
If you ca n’t remember , or if your last period was unusually light , you may need to get a sonogram to determine your gestation .
2 . Call the local clinic of your choice to find out the cost of an abortion and set up an appointment .
You may want to call several clinics to find the best price .
Some clinics may not be able to help you if you are farther along in your pregnancy .
Map of Texas abortion clinics .
3 . Determine how much money you have right now and all the possible ways you can acquire the amount needed .
Who can you borrow money from and how much ?
When will you receive your next paycheck or other income and how much money can you take out of it ?
What other ways can you raise money ?
Consider these : hold a yard sale , pawn something , get a temporary job , do odd jobs , baby - sit , clean houses , use a credit card , or use a trusted friend or family member ’s credit card .
Add up the figures to determine the amount of money you can raise for your abortion .
Please keep in mind that abortion assistance funds have small budgets and must help many , many women .
You will be responsible for most of the cost of your abortion .
4 . If you still need help and you have an appointment at an abortion clinic in North Texas , call the Texas Equal Access Fund ’s toll - free number at 1-888-854-4852 .
SALT LAKE CITY —
As the battle over same - sex marriage winds its way through the federal courts , the fundamental right to voice religious beliefs in political debates is seriously endangered , said Elder Lance B. Wickman .
Elder Wickman , an attorney for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints and a member of the Quorum of the Seventy , made the remarks Thursday as part of the 2010 J. Reuben Clark Law Society Conference at the University of Utah .
" I believe that the greatest challenge faced by the church , " Elder Wickman said , " is the challenge to religious liberty that is growing worldwide . …
A battle is looming over the effort to acquire civil social rights at the expense of civil religious rights .
This battle , I believe , represents the acceleration of a disturbing slide downward in the law regarding the place of religion in the public square . "
He spoke specifically regarding the court case of Perry v. Schwarzenegger .
Presently at the trial level in federal court , the case challenges the Proposition 8 initiative passed by California voters in 2008 that limits marriage to being between a man and a woman .
Elder Wickman said Perry v. Schwarzenegger portends to define not just marriage per se but the ground rules for all future political debate as well .
" Perry seeks a court declaration that , as a matter of law , religious views may not be used to justify the denial of a social civil right , " he said .
" Stated differently , they essentially claim that the voters , from whom all authority in a democracy flows , may not consider religious views and values when deciding these alleged social and cultural civil rights .
" These are serious allegations and represent an arrow directly at the heart not only of traditional marriage but at the place of religion and religious views in the political dialogue of this country . "
Elder Wickman quoted extensively from the speech Elder Dallin H. Oaks of the Quorum of the Twelve delivered at BYU - Idaho in 2009 about the legal ramifications of the same - sex marriage debate .
" That address , I think , promises to become a classic , even a benchmark in our day , " he said .
e-mail : jaskar@desnews.com
Gen 's second set of Ultras showed up on the official Capcom Super Street Fighter 4 website today .
As far as I know , this is the first time anyone has seen these new Ultras in action .
What do you Gen players think ?
A solid addition to his arsenal or will you have to wait and see ?
Welcome
The Computing + Mathematical Sciences ( CMS )
Department is nestled in the heart of Pasadena on the beautiful Caltech campus .
CMS is home to outstanding students and researchers who share a passion for science and engineering , as well as a drive to investigate the most challenging , fundamental problems in computation and information .
With a student - to - faculty ratio of 3:1 , we promote innovative interdisciplinary collaborations throughout campus and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
After over 200 orbits around the Earth , Space shuttle Endeavour landed safely in Florida on Sunday , ending a 14 - day mission to the International Space Station .
Endeavour glided onto the runway at the Kennedy Space Center at 10:20 p.m. EST ( 0320 GMT ) , after double - sonic booms signaled the spaceship had dropped beneath the sound barrier for first time since its predawn blastoff on Feb .
8 .
Welcome home , astronaut Rick Sturckow radioed to Zamka from Mission Control in Houston .
Congratulations to you and the crew on an outstanding mission .
NASA pressed ahead with the Sunday night landing even though poor weather on both coasts threatened any touchdown attempt .
Unusually , rain clouds were expected at both Edwards AirForce base in California , and the Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
The return marked just the 23rd time the space shuttle has landed at night , out of 130 flights .
During their mission the six astronauts delivered and installed a new space station room , Tranquility , and a big bay window onto the ISS .
The successful installation marked a virtual end to of the construction to the 11 - year old orbiting outpost .
NASA plans to deliver the remaining experimental instruments , spare parts and supplies this April via the Discovery shuttle .
Endeavor will have its final flight in July as the Obama administration has decided to cancel a planned follow - on program intended to return U.S. astronauts to the moon , due to cost concerns
Instead the US plans to develop technology for eventual human travel to Mars , and also ramp up space mission from the private sector .
With the shuttles ' retirement , only the Russian and Chinese governments will have the ability to put people into orbit .
At least 38 people have been killed and more than 50 others injured in a collision between two buses in Peru , reports say .
The crash took place on the Panamerican Highway , one of Peru 's busiest main roads , about 310 miles ( 500 km ) north of the capital , Lima .
Reports say the accident was a head - on crash which happened in the early hours of the morning .
Fatal coach crashes are said to be a weekly occurrence in Peru .
The buses were carrying 80 and 70 passengers respectively .
The local police chief said the high - speed impact meant rescuers had difficulty in extracting the dead and injured from the mangled metal .
The BBC's Dan Collyns in Lima says that the number of road deaths in Peru increased last year despite a government initiative to try to reduce them .
Earlier this year , Peru received a $ 150 m World Bank Loan aimed at improving its trunk roads .
In separate statements of regret and remorse , the IPCC and World Wildlife Fund have confessed to their parts in getting unsupported statements about disappearing glaciers into the IPCC's Fourth Assessment Report .
The IPCC refer in their press release to " poorly substantiated estimates of rate of recession and date for the disappearance of Himalayan glaciers " to which one might be tempted to add the words " not credible in the first place " .
The reason for the lapse was , apparently , non-adherence to IPCC rules :
In drafting the paragraph in question , the clear and well - established standards of evidence , required by the IPCC procedures , were not applied properly .
The Chair , Vice - Chairs , and Co-chairs of the IPCC regret the poor application of well - established IPCC procedures in this instance .
This episode demonstrates that the quality of the assessment depends on absolute adherence to the IPCC standards , including thorough review of “ the quality and validity of each source before incorporating results from the source into an IPCC Report ” 3 .
We reaffirm our strong commitment to ensuring this level of performance .
This is an interesting admission , particularly for me , having just written a book that touches on several issues of failings in IPCC procedures and unbalanced statements finding their way into IPCC reports .
Meanwhile , WWF are also very sorry :
At the time the WWF report was issued , we believed the source of the statement to be reliable and accurate .
We regret any confusion caused by our role in repeating the erroneous quote in the 2005 report and in subsequent publications and statements .
As the world ’s leading science - based conservation organisation , WWF is strongly committed to ensuring the information we provide to the public is thoroughly reviewed to meet the highest standards of accuracy .
Spent the day in the rainwood .
1205 pages .
More to come .
DANCE has now passed A CLASH OF KINGS to become the second longest volume in the series , though still three hundred pages shorter than the monster that was A STORM WITH SWORDS .
0
It appears obtaining media credentials from the UFC just got a lot more difficult for Sherdog.com , the Internet ’s largest mixed martial arts website .
SI. com ’s Josh Gross reported that the world ’s premier MMA organization denied the media giant coverage for their “ UFC on Versus ” event on Sunday .
Here are Gross ’ comments regarding the UFC snubbing his former employer :
“ Two hours before doors opened Sunday at the 1stBank Center in Broomfield , Colo. , a UFC official informed Sherdog.com — the largest independent MMA media site on the Web , the official MMA content partner for ESPN.com , and my home as an executive editor from 2004 - 2008 — that its access had been pulled indefinitely because of a “ executive decision , ” multiple sources confirmed to SI.com .
Asked to comment on the decision to revoke Sherdog.com ’s access , UFC president Dana White told SI.com via text that his reasoning was “ none of your [ expletive ] business . ”
Darius Ortiz , the editor in charge of boxing and mixed martial arts for ESPN.com , and Sherdog.com founder Jeff Sherwood declined to comment on the UFC ’s position .
Sherdog.com went without access to the UFC from late 2005 until the middle of 2009 , when it was allowed to return Octagon - side . ”
It ’s no secret White has had his issues with Sherdog and Gross in the past , however the brash Prez appeared to have moved on after Gross left the company for his current Sports Illustrated gig and Sherdog joined forced with ESPN .
Apparently that ’s not the case , as MMA ’s biggest website ( outside of 5thRound.com of course ) , will be on the outside of the Octagon looking in for the time being .
No word on how long they will be shunned for , however Gross summarized his pleasant conversation with White when he posted the following on his Tweeter after the UFC ’s debut on Versus :
“ I wanted to share with you guys : texting with @DanaWhite right now .
This is fun .
Dana says I can “ go eat a [ expletive ] ” and thinks I ’m a “ scumbag . ”
On a side note , if Sherdog.com has lost their privileges , 5thRound.com would be more than happy to take their spot on the EXCLUSIVE VIP list !
Mike Markham of Colorado has an explosive problem :
His tap water catches fire .
Markham demonstrates this in a new documentary , “ Gasland , ” which just won the Sundance Film Festival Special Jury Prize .
Director Josh Fox films Markham as he runs his kitchen faucet , holding a cigarette lighter up to the running water .
After a few seconds , a ball of fire erupts out of the sink , almost enveloping Markham ’s head .
The source of the flammable water , and the subject of “ Gasland , ” is the mining process called hydraulic fracturing , or “ fracking . ”
Fracking is used to access natural gas and oil reserves buried thousands of feet below the ground .
Companies like Halliburton drill down vertically , then send the shaft horizontally , crossing many small , trapped veins of gas and oil .
Explosive charges are then set off at various points in the drill shaft , causing what Fox calls “ mini-earthquakes . ”
These fractures spread underground , allowing the gas to flow back into the shaft to be extracted .
To force open the fractures , millions of gallons of liquid are forced into the shaft at very high pressure .
The high - pressure liquids are a combination of water , sand and a secret mix of chemicals .
Each well requires between 1 million and 7 million gallons of the fluid every time gas is extracted .
Drillers do not have to reveal the chemical cocktail , thanks to a slew of exemptions given to the industry , most notably in the 2005 Energy Policy Act , which actually granted the fracking industry a specific exemption from the Safe Drinking Water Act.
California Congressman Henry Waxman , chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , has just announced an investigation into the composition of the proprietary chemicals used in fracking .
In a Feb. 18 letter , Waxman commented on the Safe Drinking Water Act exemption : “ Many dubbed this provision the ‘ Halliburton loophole ’ because of Halliburton ’s ties to then - Vice President Cheney and its role as one of the largest providers of hydraulic fracturing services . ”
Before he was vice president , Dick Cheney was the CEO of Halliburton .
In an earlier investigation , Waxman learned that Halliburton had violated a 2003 nonbinding agreement with the government in which the company promised not to use diesel fuel in the mix when extracting from certain wells .
Halliburton pumped hundreds of thousands of gallons of toxic , diesel - containing liquids into the ground , potentially contaminating drinking water .
According to the Department of Energy , there were more than 418,000 gas wells in the U.S. as of 2006 .
Since the Environmental Protection Agency lacks authority to investigate and regulate fracking , the extent of the pollution is unknown .
Yet , as Josh Fox traveled the country , becoming increasingly engrossed in the vastness of the domestic drilling industry and the problems it creates , he documented how people living near gas wells are suffering water contamination , air pollution and numerous health problems that crop up after fracking .
It ’s personal for Fox :
He lives in Pennsylvania , on a stream that feeds into the Delaware River , atop the “ Marcellus Shale , ” a subterranean region from New York to Tennessee with extensive natural gas reserves .
Fracking in the Marcellus Shale could potentially contaminate the water supplies of both New York City and Philadelphia .
Fox was offered almost $ 100,000 for the gas rights to his 19 acres , which led him to investigate the industry , and ultimately to produce his award - winning documentary .
There is virtually no federal oversight of fracking , leaving the budget - strapped states to do the job with a patchwork of disparate regulations .
They are no match for the major , multinational drilling and energy companies that are exploiting the political goal of “ energy independence . ”
The nonprofit news website ProPublica.org found that , out of 31 states examined , 21 have no regulations specific to hydraulic fracturing , and none requires the companies to report the amount of the toxic fluid remaining underground .
Reports indicate that almost 600 different chemicals are used in fracking , including diesel fuel and the “ BTEX ” chemicals : benzene , toluene , ethylbenzene and xylenes , which include known carcinogens .
Dr. Theo Colborn , zoologist and expert on chemical pollution from fracking , appears in “ Gasland , ” saying , “ Every environmental law we wrote to protect public health is ignored . …
We ca n’t monitor until we know what they ’re using . ”
Fox ends “ Gasland ” with an excerpt of a congressional hearing .
Rep. Diana DeGette , D - Colo. , and Rep. Maurice Hinchey , D - N.Y. , aggressively question gas industry executives about water contamination .
The two have submitted a bill , the proposed FRAC Act , which would remove the “ Halliburton loophole , ” forcing drillers to reveal the chemical components used in fracking .
It ’s time to close the door on the Cheney energy policy and take immediate steps to protect clean water .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 800 stations in North America .
She is the author of “ Breaking the Sound Barrier , ” recently released in paperback and now a New York Times best - seller .
© 2010 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
The environment in Washington was further charged by a barrage of partisan attacks revolving around whether Mr. Obama bears ultimate responsibility for the security lapse , including a statement by former Vice President Dick Cheney that Mr. Obama “ pretends ” that the United States is not at war against terrorists .
A White House official fired back , blaming the Bush administration as having allowed Al Qaeda to thrive while it focused on the Iraq war .
A White House review into the episode is finding that agencies were looking at information without adequately checking other available databases  not because they were reluctant to share , as was the case before Sept. 11 , but out of oversight or human error , said a senior administration official familiar with the review .
In interviews Wednesday , government officials and others provided an account of how various agencies had gleaned bits and pieces of information about the young Nigerian , but failed to pull them together to disrupt his plot .
Most of the officials spoke only on the condition that they not be quoted by name .
The first sign of a threat came in August , when the National Security Agency , responsible for electronic eavesdropping around the world , intercepted the Qaeda conversations about the mysterious , unidentified Nigerian .
That same month , Mr. Abdulmutallab arrived in Yemen and apparently soon began preparing for the Christmas Day attack .
Three months later , in November , Mr. Abdulmutallab ’s father , a former senior Nigerian government official and a prominent banker , became panicked about his son ’s turn to radicalism , according to an interview with a family cousin .
The father beseeched Nigerian and American officials to intervene before his son did harm , said the cousin , who declined to be identified by name , citing the family ’s desire for privacy .
The cousin , who attended a gathering of the family on Sunday , said that what alarmed Mr. Mutallab were the text messages his son had sent from Yemen .
He said the son told the father that “ he had found a new religion , the real Islam . ”
The son also texted that his family “ should just forget about him ; he ’s never coming back , ” the cousin recounted .
Cabernet and chocolate are potent medicine for killing cancer , according to research presented here Wednesday .
Red grapes and dark chocolate join blueberries , garlic , soy , and teas as ingredients that starve cancer while feeding bodies , Angiogenesis Foundation head William Li said at a prestigious TED Conference .
" We are rating foods based on their cancer - fighting qualities , " Li said .
" What we eat is really our chemotherapy three times a day . "
The Massachusetts - based foundation is identifying foods containing chemicals that evidently choke - off blood supplies to tumors , starving them to death .
Li cited a Harvard Medical School study showing that men who ate cooked tomatoes several times weekly were 30 to 50 percent less likely to have prostate cancer .
" There is a medical revolution happening all around us , " Li said .
" If we 're right , it could impact on consumer education , food service , public health , and even insurance agencies . "
About a dozen drugs are already in use to deprive tumors of blood supplies in a treatment tactic called " anti-angiogenesis .
The foundation pitted some foods against approved drugs and found that soy , parsley , red grapes , berries and other comestibles were either as effective or more potent in battling cancer cells .
Eaten together , the foods were even more effective in fighting cancer .
" We discovered that Mother Nature laced a large number of foods and herbs with anti-angiogenesis features , " Li said .
" For many people around the world , dietary cancer treatment may be the only solution because not everyone can afford cancer drugs . "
The foundation also discovered that anti-angiogenesis properties of foods melt away fat , which relies heavily on blood flow to sustain itself .
Tests showed that mice genetically prone to be chubby could be trimmed to average mouse size using the approach .
" It got weight down to a set point for normal mice , " Li said .
" In other words , we can't create supermodel mice . "
Explore further Nutrients in certain vegetables may provide cancer - fighting benefit
( c ) 2010 AFP
According to the on -site WiFi operators at Microsoft's Tech .
Ed Australia 2009 conference , abnormal levels of network consumption by some users led them to take action against BitTorrent by ' Rickrolling ' users who tried to access the most popular torrent sites .
Interestingly , bandwidth usage was n't the problem .
In a blog post , Codify , the operators of the free WiFi network at last year ’s Microsoft Tech .
Ed Australia , described the difficulties they had when a minority of users consumed excessive amounts network resources at peak times .
Although network congestion occurred “ admittedly only a few times ” the blame was leveled at a small handful of people using BitTorrent , Interestingly , bandwidth consumption was n’t really the problem , it was excessive port usage .
“ At this point you have to remember that we have a heap of bandwidth available .
Some clients chomping through a lot of bandwidth is n’t a problem and running BitTorrent is n’t a problem per se , ” said Codify ’s David Connor .
The network operators decided that blocking the ports that BitTorrent uses was n’t enough since they are easily changed , blocking the tracker URL was deemed insufficient and inspecting the traffic would n’t help since the main clients all use encryption .
So a much more simple method was used .
“ ….we implemented certain , ahem , ‘ interim countermeasures ’ , ” wrote Connor .
“ We quickly built a list of all of the top torrent trackers around and got the nod from Jorke [ Odolphi , Web Platform Architect Evangelist for Microsoft Australia ] to add them all to the local DNS resolver and point them at a local web server containing some RickRoll scripts . ”
Microsoft also created a script which categorized WiFi users with a ‘ naughty factor ’ , meaning those with the greatest number of active port mappings to distinct remote hosts were identified as BitTorrent users .
The MAC addresses of the ‘ most naughty ’ users were blocked – around two dozen of them – and although some changed their MAC addresses and returned , they were identified again by their port usage .
For the 2010 event , users will now have to register their MAC addresses to access the WiFi network and will be allocated resources accordingly .
Any problems with downloading movies and TV shows can be directed at the new BitTorrent Help Desk .
While we hope you never find yourself in the kind of survival situation that has you foraging for wild plants to eat , if you should find yourself in such a situation the Universal Edibility Test can save your life .
Advertisement
Photo by BarefootGardener .
The Universal Edibility
Test is a series of tests you can use to determine if a plant is safe to consume .
At the site HowStuffWorks they 've outlined the prongs of the test and how you can apply it safely in the field .
The initial part of the test is to separate the item into its parts like leaves , stems , roots , buds , and flowers — many plants have edible and inedible portions .
The first actual experiment is the contact test :
First you need to perform a contact test .
If it 's not good for your skin , it 's not good for your belly .
Crush only one of the plant parts and rub it on the inside of your wrist or elbow for 15 minutes .
Now wait for eight hours .
If you have a reaction at the point of contact , then you do n't want to continue with this part of the plant .
A burning sensation , redness , welts and bumps are all bad signs .
While you wait , you can drink water , but do n't eat anything .
If there is no topical reaction after eight hours , move along to the next step .
Advertisement
From there you increase your exposure incrementally to see if you have any adverse reactions .
Check out the full guide at HowStuffWorks to get tips on each step of the test and how to perform it safely .
Make sure to check out their list on plant warning signs — never eat anything with thorns , milky sap , or that smells like almonds , for instance .
In addition to knowing how to test for edibility it 's also valuable to read up on the topic .
The photo shown above is of Queen Anne 's Lace , a European flower that is found all over the continental United States .
The roots of the plant are edible and very similar to carrots — Queen Anne 's Lace is actually an ancestor to the modern carrot .
The stems and leaves however are mildly toxic .
Another plant that looks similar to Queen Anne 's Lace is Water Hemlock — an extremely poisonous plant that is potent enough to kill cattle .
Hit up the resources page at the end of the guide to read more about wild edible plants .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Have a resource you 'd like to share about survival methods , survival - style camping , or just how to make a good wildgreens salad ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
What is the Universal Edibility Test ? [ HowStuffWorks ]
House Democrats ' campaign arm went on the attack Wednesday against GOP lawmakers as the American International Group ( AIG ) hands out massive bonuses .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) targeted 18 Republicans who voted last year against " clawback " legislation that sought to recoup last year 's bonuses handed out to AIG , which is one of the largest recipients of bailout funds .
A template DCCC release will make the argument that 18 target Republicans are " more concerned about Wall Street , than Main Street , " as AIG handed out $ 100 million in bonuses to employees .
“ Representative Terry voted to protect bonuses paid to AIG executives with American tax dollars , " DCCC national press secretary Ryan Rudominer said in a template hit on Rep. Lee Terry ( R - Neb . ) , whom Democrats are hoping to target with a better candidate this fall than they had in 2008 .
The release also seeks to tie the GOP lawmakers to " outrageous Wall Street bonuses paid for by President Bush 's bailout , " though a number of Democrats including the Democratic leadership in the House and Senate had worked vigorously to craft and pass the legislation behind the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
The House passed the clawback bill in a 328- 93 vote last March , though the bill did not advance from there .
Of the 93 members to vote against the bill , 87 were Republicans .
The 18 Republican lawmakers targeted by the release are : House Minority Leader John Boehner ( Ohio ) , House Republican Conference Chairman Mike Pence ( Ind. ) , House Republican Policy Committee Chairman Thaddeus McCotter ( Mich . ) , National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) Chairman Pete Sessions , and Reps. Michele Bachmann ( Minn. ) , Roscoe Bartlett ( Md. ) , David Dreier ( Calif . ) , Scott Garrett ( N.J. ) , Jeb Hensarling ( Texas ) , Lynn Jenkins ( Kansas ) , Steve King ( Iowa ) , John Kline ( Minn . ) , Blaine Luetkemeyer ( Mo. ) , Dan Lungren ( Calif . ) , Buck McKeon ( Calif . ) , Tim Murphy ( Pa. ) , Erik Paulsen ( Minn. ) , and Terry .
23 Feb 2010
An Interview with Mike Small of the Fife Diet
At the recent Soil Association conference in Birmingham a couple of weeks ago I cornered Mike Small of the Fife Diet and asked him a few questions about what is happening in Fife .
Their work has huge implications for Transition , as well as offering some fascinating insights into the practicalities of the relocalisation of the food system .
I started by asking Mike how the Fife Diet got started .
“ So we launched at the Big Tent Festival .
It was a rainy day and we got people together in a tent talking about local food .
I suggested this and people thought it was a good idea .
So we tried to do it for a year , almost a hundred per cent .
So for example , we allowed ourselves to drink coffee , but other than that all our food was sourced from Fife .
And so we did that and at the end of the year it had grown and it had attracted a bit of publicity and we ’d all enjoyed it so much that we decided to develop this project further , so we sought some funding .
In that first year how many people were successful in the challenge ?
All of the original 14 people , but it grew to a couple of hundred buy the end of the first year and we now have about 650 registered members .
What were the challenges you encountered ?
Well , funnily enough it was n’t sourcing the food – that was relatively easy to do .
Fife ’s been blessed with good arable land and access to some seafood and quite good meat , though not very good dairy .
The challenge was our time and preparing unprocessed food from scratch .
So one of the things the project revealed was that we ’re all time - poor , over stressed and over worked .
I think it was kind of a revelation to us that this is n’t about getting local food – which is relatively easily done , this is about our society which has developed so that we ’re latched to mortgages that we can’t afford , so we ’ve all got to work too much and then we need convenience food .
Did you come up with some strategies to tackle that , because it ’s a universal problem is n’t it ?
Well , we did things like batch cooking , big soups , big casseroles , cook once eat twice .
Some easy quick foods like omelettes – quite healthy , high energy .
But I suppose we did need quite a lot more time for cooking .
Did you do things like produce recipe sheets and meal ideas and that kind of thing ?
Yes , our website shares that kind of information with people .
Each month there ’s a monthly seasonal recipe sheet .
A lot of that is teaching people how to cook seasonal food .
The people who got involved with this , had they been into it for a while ?
What ’s the breadth and depth of engagement ?
I think it ’s really diverse .
We ’ve worked quite hard to not just operate within “ green circles ” .
We went to Lathan Co-operative Women ’s Guild , which is the biggest one in Scotland .
197 women on a Monday night , sitting around with a cup of tea , hearing about the Fife diet and sharing their recipes with us , which is a brilliant example of inter-generational exchange .
What next ?
Where do you see this going ?
I think we want to work with the idea that this is n’t just about self - sufficiency .
Reaching out to the poorest , we want international solidarity for developing this idea of 80 - 20 : eating 80 percent locally sourced and 20 per cent Fair Trade .
We ’ve made booklets of our memoirs to incentivise people .
We ’re also working on this idea of it ’s not self sufficiency – it ’s sufficiency .
It ’s knowing that we ’ve got enough , because what we ’ve realised is that in a supermarket you ’ve got 55,000 different items to choose , but nutritionally what ’s available locally is enough .
It ’s recalibrating people to not gorge themselves on stuff , making them realise that what ’s in season is largely enough for their needs .
What was the thinking behind 80 - 20 % ( local / imported ) ?
It was about saying we did n’t want the eat local movement to be a parochial retreat inwards because we believe that eating locally is an act of solidarity with the developing world in terms of climate change and climate justice .
We wanted to show solidarity by buying stuff that we just could n’t get here .
We also wanted tactically to say to people “ look this is n’t too scary – you can do this ! ”
Of course people say they could n’t give up things like bananas or chocolate or red wine .
80 - 20 make it seem less scary , so that ’s the thinking behind it .
Has it led t some tangible re-connections between people in the town and farmland surrounding ?
Definitely our producers now support us and we support them , so I think it ’s about reclaiming your food culture and also we do something called community assisted lunches where we come together in village halls and feed the community with free lunches .
People come and cook with us and it ’s hosted by that community .
We figured that the key to making these events work was to have crèche facilities , because suddenly things shifted from men talking abstract about climate change , to women and mums .
Has it always been purely driven by volunteers or do you have some paid staff ?
No , we have the Climate Challenge Fund and we heard yesterday that the new budget has nine million to continue .
In terms of the wider re localisation process , and the food share idea , what are your thoughts about what that will look like in practise ?
If you woke up in ten years ’ what would that look like ?
I think there ’s some key development issues there .
We ’re just about to get oats and flour available locally – both organic from Fife , so binging some staples into our local diet really will shift things .
If we can make bread and pasta and porridge , that will be key .
There are crucial things like our seafood .
The fish market in Fife was shattered because all the fish mongers have gone .
So I think we ’ll have a resurgence of sustainable seafood culture in Fife and we need more innovation to help us shift away from our heavy meat diet .
We know that we need to eat less meat and less diary , so how are we going to get our protein ?
You can only do that if you ’ve got access to for example quinoa or some sustainable fish .
Also the project would move from maybe a couple of thousand of people being involved to tens of thousands of people .
How do you see the tension that came up here at the workshop from someone who said that if we get people growing their own , then there ’ll be less for local growers ?
If you look back historically of course there were people growing their own , and markets , and shops .
We ’ve got a community garden project and the green grocer was worried about going out of business but we ’re working with them .
I think it ’s about creating a food culture and you ’ll grow your own herbs or tomatoes so you ’ve got less food miles and lovely fresh stuff , but then buy the rest from the grocer .
Very few people are really going to grow all their own food .
In terms of starting to create the livliehoods that are going to support this , do you offer training in market gardening , or just work with the existing farmers ?
Well , I think that the local economy and a producers network is very important so there ’s a local veg box scheme that ’s done quite well out of the project and in the community garden project we do training .
One of the things that ’s said about localisation just on it ’s own is that it is n’t necessarily always a good thing .
Although we would hope that it would lead to it becoming more sustainable with a big focus on social justice etc , that it ’s also possible that a relocalised economy becomes more narrow minded and more run by powerful local interests , less sustainable in that sense .
What ’s your sense of how as a community starts to make that move towards a relocalised system sitting within its food shed , how do we ensure those things ?
At the moment the food market is dominated by a handful of corporations , so I think a stronger local economy and diverse artisan food producers is going to be a good thing .
At meetings we try to invite a coffee producer from Mexico along to talk about their story and that community ’s story .
So I think it ’s important that we always keep an element of international solidarity when we talk about localisation and why we ’re doing it in the bigger context of climate change .
Also to encourage the immigrant community to tell their story about where they ’re from and what food they like and keep that part of the mix as well .
I observed on a recent trip to London that in ethnic food shops there ’s often not a single thing from the UK .
Everything ’s in bags from another continent .
That ’s tricky culturally because there ’s a lot of things just are n’t produced here .
Everbody ’s culture ’s is a bit out of place and Scotland ’s food culture is that we ’ve got a self - loathing around food because we ’ve got an appalling health record .
So I think it ’s about reclaiming indigenous food culture and also celebrating that international influence .
Which recipe did you not know about before you started this that you could now not live without ?
Probably celeriac , which I just thought was weird and I did n’t know what to do with it at all !
[ 3/30 Update : Part II one the Webshop vs. eBay can be found here . ]
[ 3/30 Update : Coutteau ’s response should end any doubt that Struise has not received permission from Westvleteren to sell its beers online .
More Westy just sold out this morning after I posted so keep checking back . ]
( Oostvleteren , BELGIUM ) – Struise has not started an eBay account for you to buy Westvleteren though they ( apparently ? ) have an agreement with the abbey of Saint Sixtus to sell it on their webshop .
The first allotment of Westvleteren went on sale on Sunday afternoon and sold out in 13 minutes .
More was added to the site on Monday and as of Monday night , there were bottles of Westvleteren 12 to be had though they have sold out .
The best beer in the world ( sorry , Pliny the Younger did n’t last long at the top of Beer Advocate ) was listed for only 4 euro at a two bottle limit .
Note that prices are only viewable after creating a free account .
Instead of listing a product as sold out , the site lists de-lists the product altogether .
There is a way to subscribe to product updates though I do n’t know how effective it is and the link only to subscribe only comes up after completing an order .
If anyone has a better idea for being notified as to when more Westvleteren is added , please post in the comments .
The brewery charges 26 euros for every six bottles shipped so it makes sense to order in multiples of six ( in other words , whether you order one bottle or six , your shipping will come out to 26 euros ) .
Because of the limit on Westvleteren 12 , you would have had to fill in the rest of your order with Struise beers and there are several good options there .
A six bottle order is likely to come in at $ 60 - 75 USD after shipping , a relative bargain compared to the prices that you might find for Westvleteren and Struise beers listed on eBay .
And that is what this is all about .
Says Struise ’s Urbain Coutteau on RateBeer , “ Westvleteren does need help .
We were able to ruin the Ebay market in just two months .
‘ Help thy Neighbour ’ has always been our philosophy .
And if we are right , we , and we only will be able to stabilize Westvleteren beers .
My hair comes up right when I see a crate of Westvleteren beer being sold at 670 $ at belgianshop.com and / or at 12 euros a bottle at the crackedkettle.com or 250 euro a six pack on ebay .
Gentlemen , besides brewing drinkable beers , I ’m at war , and I will rest once I have beat all those opportunists , and you can help me , by buying at a reasonable price at our place . ”
It is unknown as to when the next bottles will be available in the store .
It is also unclear as to whether there is an actual agreement in place with Saint Sixtus .
Part II coming in a few hours . . .
BERLIN ( JTA ) —
More than 10,000 protesters blocked a major neo -Nazi march in the former East German city of Dresden , forming a human chain surrounding the center of the city .
An estimated 6,500 far - right extremists from across Europe had convened Saturday in Germany to mark the 65th anniversary of the Allied bombing of Dresden during World War II , which killed an estimated 25,000 civilians .
The right - wing extremists were forced to call off their march .
Protesters prevented " the biggest neo - Nazi march in Europe , " Lena Roth , a spokeswoman for protest organizer Dresden Without Nazis told the Deutsche Welle news service .
The aim of the protesters was to discourage neo -Nazis from planning future marches .
Far -rightists have used the Dresden bombing anniversary to push for recognition of German suffering during World War II in a tone that comes close to Holocaust denial , critics say .
Neo -Nazis , including leading members of the far - right National Democratic Party of Germany , refer to the Dresden " bombing Holocaust " and belittle Nazi crimes against humanity .
Several organizations — urged on by Dresden Mayor Helma Orosz and including all mainstream political parties — rallied against the neo -Nazi march with largely peaceful demonstrations calling attention to the victims of National Socialism .
They reminded the right - wingers that Germany started World War II , bringing disaster to much of Europe .
Some protesters , including several prominent German athletes , formed a human chain to block the neo - Nazi march .
Others attacked cars and buses in which the right - wingers had traveled to Dresden and set fire to trash bins , blocking the route of the neo - Nazi march .
Police ultimately informed the right - wing marchers that authorities could not guarantee their safety and urged them to call off the march .
Meanwhile , ceremonies were held in the city to remember the victims of the Allied air raids , with wreath layings , church services and memorial concerts .
The raids were started on Feb. 13 , 1945 .
September 28 , 2020
This evening , Democrats are unveiling an updated Heroes
Act that serves as our proffer to Republicans to come to negotiations to address the health and economic catastrophe in our country .
This $ 2.2 trillion Heroes
Act provides the absolutely needed resources to protect lives , livelihoods and the life of our democracy over the coming months .
It includes new funding needed to avert catastrophe for schools , small businesses , restaurants , performance spaces , airline workers and others .
The photo of the day catches
Bo alert , frisky , and up to his chest in snow .
Bo , the Obama family dog , plays in the snow in the Rose Garden of the White House , February 8 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
See the full size version in the February Photo of the Day gallery .
Unquestionably the world 's final authority on the subject , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's findings and recommendations have formed the bedrock of literally every climate - related initiative worldwide for more than a decade .
Likewise , virtually all such future endeavors -- be they Kyoto II , domestic cap - and - tax , or EPA carbon regulation , would inexorably be built upon the credibility of the same U.N. panel 's " expert " counsel .
But a glut of ongoing recent discoveries of systemic fraud has rocked that foundation , and the entire man-made global warming house of cards is now teetering on the verge of complete collapse .
Simply stated , we 've been swindled .
We 've been set up as marks by a gang of opportunistic hucksters who have exploited the naïvely altruistic intentions of the environmental movement in an effort to control international energy consumption while redistributing global wealth and ( in many cases ) greedily lining their own pockets in the process .
Perhaps now , more people will finally understand what many have known for years :
Man -made climate change was never really a problem -- but rather , a solution .
For just as the science of the IPCC has been exposed as fraudulent , so have its apparent motives .
The true ones became strikingly evident when the negotiating text for the " last chance to save the planet " International Climate Accord [ PDF ] , put forth in Copenhagen in December , was found to contain as many paragraphs outlining the payment of " climate debt " reparations by Western nations under the watchful eye of a U.N. - controlled global government as it did emission reduction schemes .
Then again , neither stratagem should come as any real surprise to those who 've paid attention .
Here 's a recap for those who have , and a long - overdue wake - up call for those who have n't .
[ See also The CFC Ban : Global Warming 's Pilot Episode ]
The Perfect Problem to the Imperfect Solution
The U.N. signaled its intent to politicize science as far back as 1972 at its Conference on the Human Environment ( UNCHE ) in Stockholm , Sweden .
There , an unlikely mélange of legitimate environmental activists , dyed - in - the - wool Marxists , and assorted anti-establishment '60s leftovers were delighted to hear not only the usual complaints about " industrialized " environmental problems , but also a long list of international inequities .
Among the many human responsibilities condemned were overpopulation , misuse of resources and technology , unbalanced development , and the worldwide dilemma of urbanization .
And from that marriage of global , environmental , and social justice concerns was born the IPCC 's parent organization -- the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) -- and the fortune - cookie like prose of its socialist - environmentalist manifesto , the Stockholm Declaration .
It was seven years later that UNEP was handed the ideal villain to fuel its counterfeit crusade .
That was the year ( 1979 ) in which NASA 's James Hansen 's team of climate modelers convinced a National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) panel to report [ PDF ] that doubling atmospheric CO 2 -- which had risen from 280 ppmv in the pre-industrial 1800s to over 335 ppmv -- would cause nearly 3 °C of global warming .
And although the figure was wildly speculative , many funding - minded scientists -- including some previously predicting that aerosols and orbital shifts would lead to catastrophic global cooling -- suddenly embraced greenhouse gas theory and the inevitability of global warming .
It was at that moment that it became clear that the long - held scientific position that the Earth 's ecosystem has always and will always maintain CO 2 equilibrium could be easily swayed toward a more exploitable belief system .
And the UNEP now had the perfect problem to its solution : anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) .
After all , both its abatement and adaptation require huge expansion of government controls and taxation .
Furthermore , it makes industry and capitalism look bad while affording endless visuals of animals and third - world humans suffering at the hands of wealthy Westerners .
And most importantly , by fomenting accusations that " rich " countries have effectively violated the human rights of hundreds of millions of the world 's poorest people by selfishly causing climate - based global suffering , it helps promote the promise of international wealth redistribution to help less fortunate nations adapt to its consequences .
Best of all , being driven by junk - science that easily metamorphoses as required , it appeared to be endlessly self - sustaining .
But it needed to be packaged for widespread consumption .
And packaged it they surely have .
Here 's an early classic .
The year was 1988 , and Colorado Senator Tim Wirth had arranged for Hansen to testify on the subject before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee to help sell the dire need to enact national environmental legislation .
As Wirth has since admitted , he intentionally scheduled Hansen 's appearance on what was forecasted to be the hottest day of the hearings .
And in a brilliantly underhanded marketing ploy , he and his cohorts actually snuck into the hearing room the night before and opened the windows , rendering the air conditioning all but useless .
Imagine the devious beauty of the scene that unfolded in front of the cameras the next day -- a NASA scientist preaching fire and brimstone , warning of " unprecedented global warming " and a potential " runaway greenhouse effect , " all the while wiping the dripping sweat off his brow .
No wonder the resultant NY Times headline screamed , " Global Warming Has Begun , Expert Tells Senate . "
And that , ladies and gentlemen , is how climate hysteria and not one , but two of its shining stars were born .
For coincidentally , that was the same year the IPCC was established by the U.N.
Its mandate : to assess " the scientific , technical and socioeconomic information relevant for the understanding of the risk of human - induced climate change . "
How perfect : an organization formed not to prove or disprove AGW , but merely to assess its risks and recommend an appropriate response .
Now it was time to really get to work .
Testing the " Global Warming as Social Injustice " Waters
In 1990 , the IPCC issued its First Assessment Report , warning of a natural greenhouse effect being enhanced by human emission activities .
Apparently not quite ready to show its cards , the IPCC even admitted that the still - little - understood effects of such factors as carbon sinks , ocean currents , and clouds left many uncertainties as to timing and magnitude .
Meanwhile , the politics pushed forward in earnest .
At the 1992 U.N. Conference on Environment and Development ( aka Earth Summit ) in Rio de Janeiro , the event 's Secretary - General , Maurice Strong , told the opening session that industrialized countries had " developed and benefited from the unsustainable patterns of production and consumption which have produced our present dilemma . "
The veteran U.N. puppeteer blamed the " lifestyles and consumption patterns of the affluent middle class , " which included " high meat consumption and large amounts of frozen and convenience foods , use of fossil fuels , appliances , home and workplace air - conditioning , and suburban housing " for the world 's environment ills .
The solution : " [ A ] vast strengthening of the multilateral system , including the United Nations . "
From that meeting sprouted the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) treaty .
Absent specific numbers , the highly - touted Kyoto precursor nonetheless promised to stabilize greenhouse gas ( GHG ) concentrations in the atmosphere to prevent " dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system . "
But much less fanfare accompanied the essentially concurrent adoption of Agenda 21 : a global contract that bound governments around the world to a U.N. plan to change the way people " live , eat , learn and communicate , " all in the name of " saving the earth " from mankind ’s mistakes , particularly global warming .
Again we saw a U.N. - crafted convergence of climate " science " and social " justice . "
While the signing of the UNFCCC would be a gradual process , 178 governments voted to adopt the Agenda 21 on the spot .
This was quite a victory , especially in light of the IPCC 's complete control over just exactly how such planetary salvation was best realized .
And in 1995 , its Second Assessment Report ( SAR ) upped that ante a bit , stating that " the balance of evidence suggests a discernible human influence on global climate .
" Oddly , SAR slightly toned down previous projections for future warming and sea level rise based on the newly - considered cooling effects of anthropogenic atmospheric aerosols -- a move the U.N. brass likely regretted two years later .
In 1997 , a protocol was added to UNFCCC that attempted to enact national commitments to emission reductions based on SAR recommendations .
Fully 160 countries agreed to the legally binding Kyoto Protocol , under which industrialized countries would reduce their collective emissions by 5.2 % .
However , although a signatory , the United States made ratification all but impossible when its Senate unanimously passed a resolution that year prohibiting U.S involvement in " any protocol that did not include binding targets and timetables for developing nations as well as industrialized nations . "
It appeared time to ratchet up the rhetoric -- truth be damned .
The Dawn of Outright Climate Fraud
Back in 1989 , future Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) Working Group 2 ( WG2 ) lead author Stephen Schneider disclosed several tricks of the trade to Discover magazine :
To capture the public imagination , we have to offer up some scary scenarios , make simplified dramatic statements and little mention of any doubts one might have .
Each of us has to decide the right balance between being effective , and being honest .
And according to MIT 's Richard Lindzen 's 2001 Senate subcommittee testimony , that 's precisely what he witnessed as a Third Assessment Report ( TAR ) lead author .
Among the atmospheric physicist 's revelations was the fact that contributing TAR scientists -- already facing the threat of disappearing grant funds and derision as industry stooges -- were also met with ad hominem attacks from IPCC " coordinators " if they refused to tone down criticism of faulty climate models or otherwise questioned AGW dogma .
I suppose that 's one way to achieve the " consensus " the IPCC loudly boasts of .
As previously discussed here and here , it was in the same 2001 TAR that the IPCC suddenly and inexplicably scrapped its long - held position that global temperatures had fluctuated drastically over the previous millennium and replaced it with a chart depicting relatively flat temperatures prior to a sharp rise beginning in 1900 .
This , of course , removed the pesky higher - than - present - day temperatures of the Medieval Warm Period of 900 - 1300 AD , the existence of which obstructed the unprecedented - warming sales pitch .
Truth be told , this little bit of hocus - pocus alone should have marked the end of the panel 's scientific credibility , particularly after Steve McIntyre and Ross McKitrick uncovered the corruption behind it .
But thanks to a hugely successful campaign to demonize all critics as big-oil shills , the " Hockey Stick Graph " ( aka MBH98 ) not only survived , but -- after receiving a prominent role in Al Gore 's 2006 grossly exaggerated " scary scenarios " sci - fi movie -- actually went on to become a global warming icon .
Even after McIntyre finally got his hands on one scientist 's data last September and proved that Keith Briffa had cherry - picked data to create his MBH98 - supporting series , the MSM paid McIntyre and others reporting the hoax little heed .
Consequently , TAR 's false declaration of the 20th as the hottest century of the millennium was widely accepted as fact , right along with its proclamation that the 1990's were the hottest decade and 1998 the hottest year since measurements began in 1861 ... as was the replacement of " discernible human influence " described six years earlier with the claim of " new and stronger evidence that most of the warming observed over the last 50 years is attributable to human activities . "
So by the time AR4 rolled out in 2007 , in which they significantly raised not only the threat level , but also the degree of anthropogenic certitude ( to 90 % ) , the IPCC 's word was all but gospel to the MSM , left - leaning policymakers , and an increasingly large portion of the population .
Indeed , everywhere you turned , you 'd hear that " the IPCC said this " or " the IPCC said that . "
The need to address " climate change " had quickly become a foregone and inarguable conclusion in most public discourse .
At that moment , Kyoto II seemed as inevitable as the next insufferable NBC Green is Universal week , and with it , the U.N. 's place as steward of the planet , which would surely be ratified at the pending 2009 Climate Conference in Copenhagen .
... Until , that is , the mind - boggling magnitude of AR4's deception became glaringly apparent .
Caught with their Green Thumbs on the Scale
Most readers are likely aware that in November of last year , a folder containing documents , source code , data , and e-mails was somehow misappropriated from the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) .
The so - called " Climategate " emails disclosed an arrogant mockery of the peer review process as well a widespread complicity in and acceptance among climate researchers to hiding and manipulating data unfriendly to the global warming agenda .
The modeling source code -- as I reported here -- contained routines which employed a number of " fudge factors " to modify the results of data series -- again , to bias results to the desired outcome .
And this , coupled with the disclosure of the Jones " hide the decline " e-mail , provided more evidence that MBH98 -- and ergo unprecedented 20th - century warming -- is a fraud .
The following month , the Moscow - based Institute of Economic Analysis ( IEA ) issued a report claiming that the Hadley Center for Climate Change had probably tampered with Russian climate data .
Apparently , Hadley ignored data submitted by 75 % of Russian stations , effectively omitting over 40 % of Russian territory from global temperature calculations -- not coincidentally , areas that did n’t " show any substantial warming in the late 20th - century and the early 21st - century . "
But Climategate was only the tip of the iceberg .
An AR4 warning that unchecked climate change will melt most of the Himalayan glaciers by 2035 was found to be lifted from an erroneous World Wildlife Federation ( WWF ) report and misrepresented as peer - reviewed science .
IPCC Chairman Rajendra Pachauri attempted to parry this " mistake " by accusing the accusers at the Indian environment ministry of " arrogance " and practicing " voodoo science " in issuing a report [ PDF ] disputing the IPCC .
But one in his own ranks , Dr Murari Lal , the coordinating lead author of the chapter making the claim , had the astoundingly bad manners to admit that he knew all along that it " did not rest on peer - reviewed scientific research .
" Apparently , so had Pachauri , who continued to lie about it for months so as not to sully the exalted AR4 immediately prior to Copenhagen .
And " Glaciergate " opened the floodgates to other serious misrepresentations in AR4 , including a boatload of additional non-peer - reviewed projections pulled directly from WWF reports .
These included discussions on the effects of melting glaciers on mudflows and avalanches , the significant damages climate change will have on selected marine fish and shellfish , and even assessing global - average per-capita " ecological footprints . "
It should be noted here that IPCC rules specifically disqualify all non-peer - reviewed primary sources .
Nonetheless , Chapter 13 of the WG2 report stated that forty percent of Amazonian forests are threatened by climate change .
And it also cited a WWF piece as its source -- this one by two so - called " experts , " who incidentally are actually environmental activists .
What 's more , the WWF study dealt with anthropogenic forest fires , not global warming , and barely made mention of Amazonian forests at all .
Additionally , the WWF 's figures were themselves based on a Nature paper [ PDF ] studying neither global warming nor forest fires , but rather the effects of logging on rain forests .
So the IPCC predicted climate change - caused 40 % forest destruction based on a report two steps upstream which concluded that " [ l ] ogging companies in Amazonia kill or damage 10 - 40 % of the living biomass of forests through the harvest process . "
Adding to the glacial egg on the AR4 authors ' faces was the statement that observed reductions in mountain ice in the Andes , Alps , and Africa were being caused by global warming .
It turns out that one of the two source papers cited was actually a mountain - climbers ' magazine .
Actually , this is a relatively authoritative source compared to the other : a dissertation from a Swiss college student based on his interviews with mountain guides in the Alps .
The 2007 green bible also contained a gross exaggeration in its citation of Muir - Wood et al. , 2006 's study on global warming and natural disasters .
The original stated that " a small statistically significant trend was found for an increase in annual catastrophe loss since 1970 of 2 % per year . "
But the AR4 synthesis report stated that more " heavy precipitation " is " very likely " and that an " increase in tropical cyclone intensity " is " likely " as temperatures rise .
Perhaps the most dumbfounding AR4 citation ( so far ) was recently discovered by Climatequotes.com .
It appears that a WG2 warning that " [t ] he multiple stresses of climate change and increasing human activity on the Antarctic Peninsula represent a clear vulnerability and have necessitated the implementation of stringent clothing decontamination guidelines for tourist landings on the Antarctic Peninsula " originated from and was attributed to a guide for Antarctica tour operators on decontaminating boots and clothing .
Really .
And here 's one you may not have heard yet .
A paper published last December by Lockart , Kavetski , and Franks rebuts the AR4 WG1 assertion that CO 2 - driven higher temperatures drive higher evaporation and thereby cause droughts .
The study claims they got it backwards , as higher air temperatures are in fact driven by the lack of evaporation ( as occurs during drought ) .
I smell another " - gate " in the works .
And yet , perhaps the greatest undermining of IPCC integrity comes from a recent study , which I ’ve summarized here , challenging the global temperature data reported by its two most important American allies : NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) .
As these represent the readings used by most climate analysis agencies , including the IPCC , the discovery by meteorologist Joe D'Aleo and computer expert E.M.
Smith that they 've been intentionally biased to the warm side since 1990 puts literally every temperature - related climate report released since then into question .
... Along with , of course , any policy decisions based on their content .
It 's Time for some Real Climate Justice
Here in the states , left - leaning policymakers and their cohorts in the MSM have thus far all but ignored both the reality and implications of the fraud unveiled by Climategate , Glaciergate , Amazongate , and the myriad other AGW - hyping scandals that seem to surface almost daily .
Remarkably , most continue to discuss " climate pollution " and " carbon footprints " and the " tragedy " of Copenhagen ’s failure , even as the global warming fever of their own contagion plunges precipitously .
The president appears equally deluded , as passing a " comprehensive energy and climate bill " ( as though the climate might somehow be managed by parliamentary edict ) was one of the many goals he set forth in his State of the Union address last week .
But their denial will be short - lived as even the last vestiges of the green lie they so desperately cling to evaporate under the heat of the spotlight suddenly shining upon them .
For outside of the U.S. , many news organizations and politicians already get it .
Some are calling for Pachauri 's resignation , and others for a full investigation into his possible financial conflicts of interest .
There have also been demands for a complete reassessment of all IPCC reports , including a suggestion from the Financial Times that , given the IPCC's " central role in climate science , " an independent auditor must be commissioned to " look at all the claims in the 2007 report and remove any that were not soundly based . "
At least one American , AGW believer Walter Russell Mead of American Interest Online , agrees : " A highly publicized effort that includes serious skeptics and has bipartisan backing is the only way to get American public opinion on board the climate change train .
"
And China 's lead climate change negotiator , Xie Zhenhua , suggested that " contrarian views " be included in 2014 's AR5 .
" paleoclimatologist Bob Carter told me he just could n't help laughingly writing the editors to welcome them to the ranks of the majority of scientists who " practice exactly the technique that [ they ] belatedly recommend " -- the skeptics .
Indeed , this abrupt challenge to their own " consensus " mantra that they ’ve spoon - fed the public for years rings decidedly hollow .
Those " serious skeptics " and the holders of those " contrarian views " are the same scientists the IPCC deliberately excluded from its proceedings with impunity .
They 're the same people whom the media have ignored or ridiculed for years , along with their conventions -- like Heartland 's ICCC 1 , 2 , and 3 -- and innumerable contrarian reports .
In fact , a superb rebuttal to AR4 , Climate Change Reconsidered : The 2009 Report of the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change ( NIPCC ) -- produced by Dr. S. Fred Singer , Dr. Craig Idso , and thirty fellow scientists -- has received no MSM attention whatsoever , despite its availability here since last June .
But when the Australian suddenly recommended " applying a healthy degree of scepticism to scientific claims that drive policy , paleoclimatologist Bob Carter told me he just could n't help laughingly writing the editors to welcome them to the ranks of the majority of scientists whopractice exactly the technique that [ they ] belatedly recommend -- the skeptics
Besides , the time for credibility makeovers has long passed .
As U.K. Professor Phillip Stott recently observed :
[ A ] s ever , capitalism has read the runes , with carbon - trading posts quietly being shed , ' Green ' jobs sidelined , and even big insurance companies starting to hedge their own bets against the future of the Global Warming Grand Narrative .
These rats are leaving the sinking ship far faster than any politician , many of whom are going to be abandoned , left , still clinging to the masts , as the Good Ship ' Global Warming ' founders on titanic icebergs in the raging oceans of doubt and delusion .
Stott compared the IPCC 's fall to that of the Berlin Wall .
And he 's spot - on -- for just as the latter symbolized the doom of European communism , so does the former signal the death knell for global socialist - environmentalism .
Let 's get real -- given the enormousness of the booty these grifters attempted to extort from the entire developed world , not to mention the extraordinary depth of their hubris , it is n't rehabilitation that 's required here , but swift justice .
In 2006 , IPCC cheerleader Grist Magazine 's staff writer David Roberts received a pass when he called for the Nuremberg - style war - crimes trials for the " bastards " who were members of the global warming " denial industry .
" Surely , it 's now clear that the members of the global warming " fraud industry " are the true " bastards " who should be hauled before an international tribunal for crimes against humanity ... any tribunal , that is , other than the U.N. 's own International Criminal Court in The Hague .
We 'll deal with their accessories - after - the - fact in the Congress , the White House -- and consequently , the EPA -- in due time .
So I have had two recent posts where I am a total downer .
Slamming J - Dilla , and exposing Drake .
Critics will say I am a hater .
But it ai n’t true .
Yes , I am grumpy , but I do still LOVE music – and even better – I LOVE hearing good hip hop ( which is few and far between these days ) .
That said – I am FEELING Ghettosocks .
Dude is silky smooth on the mic , has a great voice , and is backed by some TOUGH production .
Need proof – check the joint with El Da Sensei :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Hip Hop , music
Tags : Bix , Canadian , El Da Sensei , Ghettosocks , hip hop , music , rap , record
Miyamoto has come out and given an honorable statement towards the two possible “ Wii clones ” , Project Natal and Playstation Move .
It seems as if he is not sweating it at all , because after all he is one of the people that helped create the Wii ’s success , so why should he worry ?
When quized on his thoughts of the two attempts to swipe some of the Wii ’s market share , Miyamoto simply responded that Move and Natal were a “ great honor ” .
Here is a direct quote , remember it may read weird because of translation .
“ Nintendo should welcome the opportunity , ” said Miyamoto , “ when or where something we have originally tried is intensified by somebody else , because that means that other people are trying to starting to show their appreciation for whatever endeavour we have made in the beginning .
“ The user experience we have created is going to be intensified by the advent of new machines from other companies .
It ’s a new experience that we originated .
So we really see it as a great honour . ”
Despite Miyamoto shrugging it off and saying it is a great honor , he also went on to say that it is never their intention to compete .
“ Competing with other companies in that category is never our top priority . ”
Could this mean that Nintendo are not planning a direct counter blow at the two companies ?
Perhaps Nintendo will stick to what they know , which is watching the money come in by the barrel and then swimming in it .
Though I am sure Playstation Move and Project Natal will make some kind of impact when they arrive , I do not believe that they can stop the freight train which is the Nintendo Wii .
Time will tell .
Props | CVG
Share this :
Tweet
PITTSBURGH --
The few points the Detroit Red Wings have scrounged up lately can be credited mostly to the play of goaltender Jimmy Howard .
The rookie goalie turned in another strong performance in Sunday afternoon 's 2 - 1 shootout loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins at Mellon Arena , stopping 46 shots for the second consecutive game .
" It 's great , is n't it ?
It 's called goaltending , " coach Mike Babcock said .
" He battled and gave us a chance . "
Players realize they are making Howard 's job more difficult .
They do n't want to keep relying on their goalie to bail them out .
" It 's going to be a tough year if we keep letting 40 - plus shots against , " defenseman Niklas Kronwall said .
" He 's standing on his head , keeping us in the games .
We have to come up with a better effort defensively and all over the ice . "
Howard is seventh in the NHL in goals - against average ( 2.25 ) and tied for third in save percentage ( .928 ) .
" I 'm seeing the puck , just letting it hit me , " Howard said .
" The guys do such a great job blocking key shots , deflecting guys to the outside .
I just stand back there and try to weather the storm . "
Said captain Nicklas Lidstrom : " We 've been leaving our goalies out to dry on different occasions and today he made some big saves to keep us in the game when they were up 1 - 0 .
Gave us an opportunity to come back . "
Waiting game
No word yet on when defenseman Andreas Lilja can begin his conditioning stint in Grand Rapids ( AHL ) .
The Red Wings and the NHL still need to clear up some issues .
" I talked to him this morning and told him to stay put until I get further information between our doctors and some other things going on with the league , '' Holland said .
" He 's sort of sitting ( at home ) , waiting for a call . ''
Switching up
Babcock altered his shootout lineup , putting Jason Williams in for Todd Bertuzzi as the second shooter .
He said if his team had gotten a third shot , Valtteri Filppula would have taken it instead of Henrik Zetterberg because Filppula scored a shootout goal in Minnesota on Jan. 21 .
" Williams has always been an outstanding shooter for us and it did n't work today , '' Babcock said .
Odds & ends
Sidney Crosby 's second - period goal snapped Pittsburgh 's home regular season scoreless streak against Detroit at 165 minutes , 15 seconds , dating back to Oct. 18 , 2003 .
The Red Wings had recorded shutouts in their Past two regular season games at Mellon Arena .
...
Unless these clubs meet in the finals for the third consecutive season , this was Detroit 's last game at Mellon Arena , the oldest building in the NHL .
The Penguins will move into the Consol Energy Center , across the street , next season .
Still at the ‘ unproven theory ’ stage is the potential function of the supplementary air intake above the drivers head .
This had been presumed to be purely to feed an oil cooler , but closer inspection suggests there may be another primary function for this inlet .
Allied with the shark fin , the inlet appears to provide airflow to inside the rear wing .
Creating a ‘ blown slot ’ to make the rear wing more effective .
Similar to a concept used by BMW Sauber last year .
It looks like McLaren have opened up a slot in the back of the rear wing , this is visible as a blackline above the normal slot between the wing and flap .
This slot is fed with air from the inlet and routed inside the shark fin and rear wing flap .
The high pressure air exits through the slot and effectively makes the two element rear wing into a three element device .
This allows the rear wing to angled more steeply without fear of stalling , thus creating more downforce .
Clues to support this theory is the way McLaren have closed off the inlet , an access hatch inside the shark fin , as well as the bulbous shape of the fin leading towards the rear wing .
As BMW Sauber set a precedent last year with a flap blown by an inlet in the front of the wing , this is a legal approach to circumventing the restriction on the number of elements allowed in the rear wing .
The mother - of - two will be remembered as one of Britain 's top session singers Tributes have been paid to a singer songwriter who recorded alongside musical giants including Pink Floyd , Dusty Springfield and Ringo Starr .
Most residents on the isle of Mull were unaware of the musical past of Lesley Cox , formerly Duncan , which emerged after the 66 - year - old died last Friday .
Her career took off in 1970 when Sir Elton John recorded her " Love Song " on his album , Tumbleweed Connection .
Sir Elton sent a floral tribute and David Bowie also sent his condolences .
The mother - of - two will be remembered as one of Britain 's top session singers .
Her vocals are on Pink Floyd 's Dark Side of the Moon album , on Sir Elton 's Madman Across the Water LP and she can also be heard in the chorus of the Jesus Christ Superstar album .
She was a very popular figure in Tobermory but I think few people knew about her career
Tony Cox
On her own 1971 album , Sing Children Sing , Sir Elton can be heard playing piano , Chris Spedding is on guitar and Pentangle 's Terry Cox is on drums .
But on Mull , few locals knew about her past .
Councillor Gordon Chalmers said : " I am sure that there were only a few people who knew about it .
" She was so self effacing about it , she would never say that she had met all these people and been to all these places .
" She kept it to herself , she never advertised the fact , I do n't think she was widely known in the community for her music work , she was not a publicity seeker , she was just the wee woman who did her garden at Aros Lodge . "
Mrs Cox 's husband , Tony , said the couple moved to Mull 13 years ago .
" She was a very popular figure in Tobermory but I think few people knew about her career , she was popular for being a cheerful , smiling person , " he said .
" After a private burial we will be celebrating her life and music . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We recently posted our latest Podcast and part of the discussion that Jon and Brendon talked about dealt with remakes .
The question was posed on whether or not remakes are good for their original versions .
It seems that most source material for remakes these days comes from the 80’s .
Having grown up during that era , chances are good that I have already watched the original .
If the remake interested me , and I had n’t seen the original , I would definitely watch it before seeing the remake .
Now , this is speaking from the point of view from a film enthusiast .
I remember watching movies as a kid and having my parents tell me what I was watching was a remake , re-imagining or what have you , of something that they were already familiar with and telling me “ Well , you should really watch the original . ”
I catch myself saying the same thing now .
The same question can be asked of sequels .
I know people who saw The Dark Knight without having watched Batman Begins .
I come from the school of No- Sequel - Without - Watching - The - Original - First .
I will not go into a sequel without being familiar with the source material .
I do n’t see the point .
I suppose with some films it ’s possible , but I want to know the whole story .
Which brings me to the point of this post .
If the preview to a sequel of a film that I have n’t seen , catches my interest , I will watch the original .
Even if it ’s been 28 years since the original came out .
I recently just watched a film that came out in 1982 for the first time .
It was one of those that just got past me .
I ’m ashamed to admit it , but that film was Tron .
I know , I know …. believe me I know .
I played the arcade game like crazy when I was a kid .
I played that more than any other arcade game out there .
But for some reason , I just never saw the film .
Since last July ’s Comic Con , we ’ve seen more and more about the sequel , Tron : Legacy .
I watched the blogs as the viral campaigns unfolded , got a look at the new light cycle , saw the pictures from Flynn ’s Arcade as well as various other goodies .
But what struck me the most was when the actual trailer was released just recently .
I watched the trailer and marveled at just how awesome it looked .
I knew then , that I really just did n’t need to see Tron , but I NEEDED to see Tron .
This past Sunday morning I sat down with my coffee and fired up the DVR .
When my roommate saw what I was watching , I had to explain that I had never seen it .
The look of sheer horror that was on his face really said it all .
With a hand up all I could muster was a stern “ I know ! ” and I continued on .
Everything about the film just reeked of 80’s .
The music , the visual effects , the dialogue …. but it was all so ….. good !
I loved it .
I loved every minute of it .
Strangely it holds up even if you can see it ’s age .
Tron was right up my alley , so I was even more disgusted that I had n’t discovered it sooner .
That is a movie that I would have loved to have grown up with .
But I have now discovered it and am all ready and eager for the sequel .
The greatest thing is , I had a 12 year old hit the couch about halfway through it and she was glued to it just as much as I was .
After it ended , she looked at me all bright eyed and said “ That was really good ! ” I know that she ’ll be going with me to see Tron : Legacy .
It ’s been 28 years since Tron was released .
But really , it ’s never to late to watch a classic .
Not only did I finally discover it , but so did a 12 year old girl .
Some people may think that almost three decades is a little long to go between films , but by the looks of Tron : Legacy , it ’s not only worth the wait , it ’s really only going to work in Tron ’s favor .
Consider the classic hypothetical scenario :
Your house is on fire and you can take only three things with you before the entire structure becomes engulfed in flames .
What would you take ?
Laptops and external hard drives aside , people ’s responses to this question differ wildly .
This diversity results from people ’s flexibility in ascribing unique value to objects ranging from a hand - scrawled note from a loved one to a threadbare t- shirt that others might consider worthless .
The critical quality that leads people to treat rookie cards like rosaries is that of the sacred , whereby an object becomes worthy of boundless reverence , commitment , and protection .
As diverse as people are in ascribing sacred status to possessions , they are equally varied in which values they consider sacred , a diversity that can breed substantial conflict .
The abortion debate , for example , often presents a divide between those who consider woman ’s “ right to choose ” sacred versus those who consider a fetus ’ “ right to life ” sacred .
A recent study in the journal for Judgment and Decision Making assessed how the Iranian nuclear defense program has become a sacred value and how this affects negotiation over Iranian disarmament , an issue of growing global concern .
Just last month Iran defied the United Nations in beginning to enrich its uranium supply to bolster its nuclear program .
The recent study on this topic by Morteza Dehghani and colleagues , offers two key insights .
It demonstrates how a relatively recent issue , one that — unlike abortion — lacks any longstanding historical or religious significance , can become sacred .
And it suggests , surprisingly , that offering material incentives in exchange for sacred values may backfire badly .
The work is a reminder that sacred values are tremendously influential in disputes both international and interpersonal , but that our negotiating instincts can lead us away from common ground .
What truly distinguishes sacred values from secular ones is how people behave when asked to compromise them .
When people are asked to trade their sacred values for values considered to be secular — what psychologist Philip Tetlock refers to as a “ taboo tradeoff ” — they exhibit moral outrage , express anger and disgust , become increasingly inflexible in negotiations , and display an insensitivity to a strict cost - benefit analysis of the exchange .
What ’s more , when people receive monetary offers for relinquishing a sacred value , they display a particularly striking irrationality .
Not only are people unwilling to compromise sacred values for money — contrary to classic economic theory ’s assumption that financial incentives motivate behavior — but the inclusion of money in an offer produces a backfire effect such that people become even less likely to give up their sacred values compared to when an offer does not include money .
People consider trading sacred values for money so morally reprehensible that they recoil at such proposals .
Psychologist Jeremy Ginges and his colleagues identified this backfire effect in studies of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in 2007 .
They interviewed both Israelis and Palestinians who possessed sacred values toward key issues such as ownership over disputed territories like the West Bank or the right of Palestinian refugees to return to villages they were forced to leave — these people viewed compromise on these issues completely unacceptable .
Ginges and colleagues found that individuals offered a monetary payout to compromise their values expressed more moral outrage and were more supportive of violent opposition toward the other side .
Opposition decreased , however , when the other side offered to compromise on a sacred value of its own , such as Israelis formerly renouncing their right to the West Bank or Palestinians formally recognizing Israel as a state .
Ginges and Scott Atran found similar evidence of this backfire effect with Indonesian madrassah students , who expressed less willingness to compromise their belief in sharia , strict Islamic law , when offered a material incentive .
Common to both of these cases is that the research focused on values rooted in deep historical and religious traditions .
However , Dehghani ’s study demonstrates how this pattern of behavior has emerged for the Iranian Nuclear program , a relatively new development .
In this study , the researchers asked 75 Iranians how they would feel about the possibility of Iran giving up its nuclear program , giving them four response options ranging from disarmament “ definitely needs to happen ” to disarmament “ should n’t be done no matter how great the cost . ”
Those who chose the latter response option were classified as treating the issue of Iran ’s nuclear program as a sacred value whereas those who chose other options were not .
After giving their opinions on Iran ’s nuclear program , all participants were asked to consider one of two deals for Iranian disarmament .
Half of the participants read about a deal in which the United States would reduce military aid to Israel in exchange for Iran giving up its military program .
The other half of the participants read about a deal in which the United States would reduce aid to Israel and would pay Iran $ 40 billion .
After considering the deal , all participants predicted how much the Iranian people would support the deal and how much anger they would feel toward the deal .
In line with the Palestinian - Israeli and Indonesian studies , those who considered the nuclear program a sacred value expressed less support , and more anger , when the deal included money .
A more successful tack for negotiating over sacred values , as it turns out , is to simply use the right words .
Whether discussing nuclear disarmament or reluctance to sell one ’s lucky mug at a garage sale , using specific rhetorical strategies can make trade - offs seem less taboo and can facilitate conflict resolution .
Tetlock and other psychologists have experimentally tested a number of strategies to demonstrate their effectiveness .
One tactic is to describe tradeoffs in terms of “ costs and benefits ” and “ analysis ” rather than in terms of sacred values and money .
This vague utilitarian language appears to mask the emotion - laden taboo nature of the exchange .
Another strategy is to emphasize the dire , obligatory nature of the trade - off .
For example , people are more willing to sell their body organs for medical transplants when told it is the only way to save lives because this framing posits the exchange as one sacred value for another .
In an age where many of the most volatile conflicts stem from sacred causes , and politicians have questioned effectiveness of diplomacy , understanding how to best negotiate about these issues has never been more critical .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters co-editor Gareth Cook , a Pulitzer prize–winning journalist at the Boston Globe , where he edits the Sunday Ideas section .
He can be reached at garethideas AT gmail.com
Leading up to the pro-day style workout Adam " Pacman " Jones held Friday for NFL scouts , the troubled cornerback privately met with the San Francisco 49ers last week , according to NFL.com .
Jones was also scheduled to meet with the Detroit Lions on Friday morning , according to the report .
A league source confirmed to ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter that Jones did work out for teams Friday in New Orleans .
According to NFL.com , the 49ers , Lions , Jaguars and Saints were expected to be at the workout .
A high - ranking team source told ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen that the Saints were not at the workout and they have zero interest in Jones .
League sources told Schefter that Jones worked out for the Cincinnati Bengals on Feb. 11 in what was thought to be the cornerback 's first workout with an NFL team since the Dallas Cowboys released him in February 2009 .
Jones has avoided trouble since his last brush with the law in October 2008 .
He was involved in an alcohol - related incident with a bodyguard assigned to him by the Cowboys , and hotel employees called police .
No arrests were made nor charges filed .
But the NFL suspended Jones for four games because the incident was a violation of the league 's personal conduct policy .
Jones began his time in Dallas under close league scrutiny after he was suspended for the entire 2007 season for multiple violations of the conduct policy while he was a member of the Tennessee Titans .
The Cowboys traded for Jones before his suspension was over , and he was reinstated by NFL commissioner Roger Goodell on Aug. 28 , 2008 .
RIO DE JANEIRO — A strong aftershock struck Chile on Sunday , a day after a destructive 8.8 - magnitude earthquake left hundreds of people dead and a long swath of the country in smoky rubble .
The death toll was expected to rise , particularly around Concepción , Chile 's second - largest metropolitan area , which is roughly 70 miles from the quake 's center .
The aftershock was reported around 8:30 local time Sunday morning from the capital of Santiago , where it shook buildings , according to Reuters .
More than 1.5 million people have displaced by the quake , according to local news services that quoted the director of Chile 's emergency management office .
In Concepción , which appeared to be especially hard hit , the mayor said Sunday morning that 100 people were trapped under the rubble of a building that had collapsed , according to Reuters .
Elsewhere in Concepción , cars lay mangled and upended on streets littered with telephone wires and power cables .
A new 14 - story apartment building fell , while an older , biochemical lab at the University of Concepción caught fire .
The 7th Hakurei Shrine Reitaisai ( 第 7 回 博麗神社例大祭 ) was held at Tokyo Big sight ( 東京ビッグサイト ) on March 14 , 2010 .
Reitaisai is a Touhou - specific ( doujinshi , games , figures ) convention in Japan that takes place every year in Spring .
As usual , we will focus on the figures only .
Finally I have time to post the figures from Reitaisai 7 .
If you have me in your facebook and visit Nekomagic regularly , you should have seen some of them already .
The figure circles that participated in Reitaisai 7 were less than I expect .
Maybe most people went to Reitaisai were looking for the doujinshi and games more than figures ?
Download original size pic here
1ndex
Good Smile Company , Max Factory , Gift http://www.goodsmile.info/
http://maxfactory.cms.drecom.jp/
http://www.gift-gift.jp/
Liquid Stone
http://www.liquidstone.jp/
Griffon Enterprises
http://www.griffon.co.jp/index.html
[ ほ18a ] BURIVARY SYSTEM - extra
http://blog.livedoor.jp/keroriso/
[ ま24 b ] Clown of heresy
http://members3.jcom.home.ne.jp/clown_of_heresy/
Other
( NaturalNews )
A clinical review paper published in theis warning the public that widespread vitamin D deficiency is resurrecting the once - obsolete disease called rickets .
According to Professor Simon Pearce and Dr. Time Cheetham , authors of the paper , people are getting far too little sunlight exposure which is necessary for the body to produce adequate levels of vitamin D.Nowadays , children spend most of their time indoors staring at computer and television screens rather than playing outside in the sunlight .
On the rare occasion that they venture outside , zealous parents are quick to apply UV - blocking sunscreen that prevents the sun 's useful UVB rays from penetrating their skin and producing vitamin D .
The result is an epidemic of vitamin D deficiency that is leading to all sorts of illness and disease .
Rickets , a disease in which a person 's bones do not properly develop and harden , results when a person is getting too little vitamin D and most likely not enough calcium .
The U.S. Recommended Daily Allowance ( RDA ) for vitamin D is a mere 400 IU , an amount that is said to be adequate for preventing rickets .
To put this amount into perspective , however , exposure to the summer sun for about 20 minutes is enough to produce up to 20,000 IU of vitamin D in the body .
At this level , far more optimal health can be achieved .
Yet the fact that children are beginning to develop rickets suggests that they are not even getting 400 IU a day , an amount that should be relatively easy to attain through a moderately healthy diet or a few minutes in the sun every day .
In the U.K. , there are several hundred cases of rickets reported every year .
According to statistics , more than 50 percent of the adult population in the U.K. is deficient in vitamin D as well .
During the winter and spring months , more than 15 percent experience severe deficiency .
Researchers suggest that people with darker skin pigmentation are at a higher risk for rickets because they do not assimilate vitamin D from the sun 's UVB rays as easily as those with lighter skin do .
Some experts believe that the changing ethnic profile of the U.K. may play a significant role in the onset of rickets while others point primarily to an overall lack of vitamin D among all ethnic groups .
Either way , the changing lifestyles among all people are partially to blame as people are not spending enough time outside and , when they do they are using too much sunscreen to obtain any sort of benefit from the sun .
Overuse of sunscreen can be blamed on government health authorities , regulatory agencies , medical professionals , and mainstream media outlets that continually exaggerate the threat of developing skin cancer from sunlight exposure to the point that some people are afraid of getting any at all .
Sources for this story include :
FROM the chancellor 's brandishing of the red Gladstone box to his speech in the House of Commons , British budgets are events in their own right .
But as the drama of the day fades , some turn out to be less about the public finances and more about politics .
Alistair Darling 's budget on March 24th was first and last a launching - pad for Labour in the general election expected on May 6th .
As Britain prepares to go to the polls , its sick economy is uppermost in voters ' minds .
With good reason .
There are fundamental doubts that it can ever recover fully from a banking crisis and recession that laid Britain lower than many other rich countries .
In the short term , the worry is whether a feeble recovery reliant on fiscal and monetary life - support can develop its own driving force .
Looking ahead , there are fears that the strong , steady growth rate in the 15 years before the financial crisis is no longer Britain 's default mode .
And casting a dark shadow over the next parliament are public finances that have veered wildly into deficit and will need to be hauled back harshly from the brink .
Mr Darling sought to soothe .
A recovery was under way , but its fragility called for careful nursing , which ruled out an early attack on the deficit this year .
To reassure financial markets jittering over the prodigious size of government borrowing , the chancellor showed restraint .
He did not dispense altogether with traditional pre-election sweeteners .
Mr Darling announced some temporary help for most first - time homebuyers , which will relieve them of stamp duty , a property - purchase tax , and extended some extra payments to pensioners .
He also said he would phase in slowly a planned increase in fuel duty .
But the overall giveaway will cost a modest £ 1.4 billion ( $ 2.1 billion ) in 2010 - 11 .
From boom to bust to blight
Mr Darling aimed above all to draw a dividing line between experienced Labour and the neophyte Tories over the central issue of this election : who can be trusted most to steer the economy and restore sound public finances .
But Labour 's credibility is not what it was .
In the past two elections Gordon Brown could and did crow about how well the economy was doing in both historical and international terms .
As chancellor he claimed not only to have done away with “ boom and bust ” , but also to have presided over the longest period of sustained growth since 1701 .
But as prime minister he has broken all the wrong records .
The economy shrank by 5 % last year , the biggest fall since the Great Depression .
The contraction over the six quarters of the recession was 6.2 % .
That peak - to - trough decline was less severe than in Japan , Germany and Italy , but the recession lasted longer than in any other G7 economy .
The public finances look even worse .
Not only is the budget deficit the highest , as a proportion of GDP , since the second world war , but this year 's will be the biggest of any G7 ( and even G20 ) economy , according to the IMF .
The build - up in government debt between 2007 and 2014 will be second only to Japan 's ( see chart 1 ) .
A recovery of sorts began in the fourth quarter of 2009 , when GDP grew by 0.3 % from its trough in the previous three months .
But even this flicker of life may prove to have been snuffed out in the first quarter of this year .
Consumers may well have been discouraged when the main rate of VAT , a consumption tax , was restored to 17.5 % at the start of 2010 after 13 months at 15 % to counter the downturn .
Recent disappointing export performance has dimmed hopes that Britain can trade its way out of the quagmire .
As one reverse has followed another , Britain 's economic reputation has nosedived .
So has sterling .
Its trade - weighted value has fallen by around a quarter since mid-2007 , a bigger decline even than after the pound was turfed out of the European exchange - rate mechanism in 1992 .
For some , Britain now vies with the distressed likes of Greece and Spain for the title of sick man of Europe .
Others see disquieting parallels with the 1970s , when Britain 's economy certainly deserved that tag .
As then , the pound is wobbly , strikes are breaking out again , the public finances are shot to pieces and the election may result in a hung parliament .
This has happened only once since the second world war , in February 1974 .
There is also more than a passing resemblance to Japan , which never regained its economic stride after its banking crisis of the 1990s .
Could Britain now follow suit , given that its financial system came so close to collapse in October 2008 ?
Those inclined to think so find worrying confirmation in a report by McKinsey , a management consultancy , which shows that total indebtedness in the British economy was the highest as a share of GDP among ten advanced countries in 2008 , narrowly beating Japan's .
The central charge is that the bloom of economic health in the period of non-stop growth after the recession of the early 1990s turned into the flush of debt intoxication .
As the expansion went on , it came to rely too much on consumer and public spending .
Current - account deficits were persistent .
Now Britain must pay for its sins through a long period in rehab that will make any recovery a pale simulacrum of the real thing .
History unrepeated
There is something in this , but less than the fretters claim .
The economy may have been lopsided before the recession , but on nothing like the scale of southern Europe .
In 2007 Spain 's current - account deficit ran at 10 % of GDP ; Greece ran one of 14.4 % .
By comparison , Britain 's 2.7 % was a mere bagatelle .
The fall in the pound has allowed the economy to regain competitiveness in a way not open to the weaker members of the euro area .
As for the resemblances with the 1970s , history is not repeating itself .
Inflation has recently flared up , but at 3 % in February it is tame ; the post - war high , reached in 1975 , was 27 % .
And despite the current industrial unrest , the private - sector unions are no longer the behemoths that Margaret Thatcher squashed in the 1980s .
Of all the unflattering comparisons , the one with Japan is the most salient .
There are indeed reasons to expect a financial crisis to scar growth .
But Britain is not as deep a debtor as that headline figure from McKinsey suggests .
That number is inflated by London 's role as a global financial hub where foreign banks cluster to do international business .
Adjusting for this , McKinsey reckoned that debt amounted to 380 % of GDP in 2008 .
Although this was the second - highest after Japan ( 459 % ) , four other countries — Spain , South Korea , Switzerland and France — had debt above 300 % .
In any case , the consultancy cautioned that total debt was a “ crude metric ” , insufficient to gauge where the real trouble spots are , which in Britain are in borrowing incurred by households and in commercial property .
Even if lamentations about the British economy are overdone , there is no miraculous way out of the mess .
The Treasury 's projection of 1.25 % growth this year seems reasonable .
But its prediction that this hesitant trot will break into a gallop of 3.25 % in 2011 looks over - optimistic .
True , the IMF is forecasting 2.7 % ( see chart 2 ) .
But the latest survey of independent forecasts assembled by the Treasury found that they were expecting , on average , growth of 2 % next year .
The recovery is being helped by extraordinarily loose monetary settings .
The Bank of England has held the base rate at 0.5 % since March 2009 and has injected £ 200 billion into the economy by purchasing assets with central - bank money .
A temporary boost will come as companies stop the fierce destocking that exacerbated the recession .
But if the recovery is to take root , it must be able to cope with a gradual withdrawal of emergency monetary support and develop a more sustained impetus from the private sector than a turnaround in the inventory cycle .
That will require new sources of demand .
The long expansion was sustained by buoyant private consumption and public spending .
Although the pace of consumer spending slackened in the middle of the 2000s , that was against a background of remarkably low real income growth , which meant that consumers had to resort to extra borrowing .
As a result the household saving ratio slid from 9.6 % of disposable income in 1997 to a 50 - year low of 1.5 % in 2008 .
Meanwhile , net trade — exports less imports — kept on detracting from GDP growth .
Trade to the fore
Now the economy must be driven by net trade , with private investment pitching in as well .
In principle , the fall in the pound has set the stage for this .
However , dire figures for exports in January ( a fall of 4.4 % compared with December ) aroused fears that the hoped - for boom in exports will be stillborn .
Sceptics say that exporters have not capitalised on the falling pound by cutting their foreign prices .
But exports have at least climbed off their lows of last spring , and adjustment to currency moves takes time .
For example , it was not until 1994 that export growth really started to boost the economy after the post - ERM devaluation .
The coldest winter in 30 years may have affected January 's trade numbers ; business surveys are now reporting a big upturn in export orders .
That would make sense , since exports are now much more profitable , which should encourage firms to expand overseas .
An associated worry is that Britain has become too reliant on finance .
Perhaps manufacturing , which still accounts for around half of all exports , has shrunk to the point where it cannot take advantage of a cheaper pound .
But this exaggerates the significance of the financial sector , which even at its peak made up only around 8 % of the economy compared with manufacturing 's 12 % .
Britain remains the sixth - biggest manufacturer in the world .
And , after a decade of grappling with a high exchange rate ( before sterling started to tumble in 2007 ) , industrial firms have become leaner and fitter .
A recovery in private capital spending should also get under way , not least after the extraordinarily sharp falls that occurred during the recession , with business investment contracting by 19 % last year and housing investment shrinking at around the same rate .
There is an urgent need to re-equip the country with new plant , especially to generate power .
But even if the recovery does become entrenched , it is likely to be lacklustre both this year and next .
Britain 's banks are still trying to mend their battered balance - sheets , which will constrain the supply of credit .
This is more of a problem for smaller firms than big companies , which have access to bond and equity markets , but it will act as a brake .
From fool 's gold to austerity
The recovery will also be cheerless .
The recession , oddly enough , has felt less painful than the steep falls in GDP might have suggested : partly because unemployment has not risen as much as feared , and partly because many households have been shielded by lower interest rates on their borrowing costs .
But now the payback comes .
Whatever the extent of the country 's total debt , British households are certainly the most indebted ( relative to disposable income ) in the G7 .
That alone will hamper their ability to spend freely in the years ahead , as the base rate moves up from its current emergency setting of 0.5 % and mortgages become more expensive .
As Andrew Haldane , executive director of financial stability at the Bank of England , has pointed out , debt operates like a tax , with higher servicing charges on it reducing disposable income .
Making matters worse , an actual tax squeeze is on its way .
Labour is planning to raise national - insurance contributions by a percentage point from next year , but that will not be enough .
More tax increases will probably be needed .
A feel - bad recovery is better than none at all .
But just how fast can the economy expand after the traumas of the past three years ?
At the trough of the recession , in the third quarter of 2009 , GDP was more than 6 % lower than in the first quarter of 2008 .
If the underlying growth rate of productive capacity had remained the same , this would imply that the economy was operating around 10 % below its potential output .
With so many spare resources available , the recovery could sprint ahead for several years without inflation taking off .
But financial crises damage the capacity of an economy and can also affect its subsequent growth rate .
In a study based on crises in the past 40 years , mainly in emerging economies , Michael Dicks , an economist at Barclays Wealth , has estimated that as much as 7.5 % of Britain 's potential output has been lost .
And he thinks that the sustainable growth rate has fallen to 1.75 % a year .
The Treasury thinks Britain will get off more lightly .
It has lopped 5 % off potential output , but has not changed its view that subsequent trend growth will remain at 2.75 % .
That is probably too optimistic .
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research , a think - tank , reckons that the trend rate is now 2.4 % .
Bart van Ark , an economist at the Conference Board in America , thinks it could be as low as 2 % .
One reason to think that the damage to the economy has been contained is that the labour market has soured less than feared .
The fall in output during the downturn has been much worse than in the early 1990s , when GDP sank by 2.5 % , but the increase in the jobless rate since early 2008 , from 5.2 % to 7.8 % , has been similar to the rise over the equivalent period in the previous recession .
Although unemployment will probably rise further , there should be fewer people shunted out of the labour market who find it hard to get back .
On the other hand , future GDP growth is likely to be slower because there will be less net inward migration .
With jobs scarcer and the pound weak , Britain is a less attractive destination and some migrants are returning home .
Moreover , both Labour and the Conservatives are committed to curbing future immigration .
The British economy is not alone in expecting a duller future .
The euro area looks set for an even weaker recovery , on IMF forecasts at the start of this year .
And the IMF envisages Britain outgrowing America next year .
The economy has longstanding weaknesses , such as poor skills and a congested transport system .
But it retains important strengths , such as its openness to trade and capital , its lead in business services , a strong scientific base and world - leading universities .
Michael Porter , a professor at Harvard Business School who has made a career out of studying competitiveness , believes that Britain still remains a “ very attractive value proposition ” .
Britain 's political economy is on trial as much as its economy .
The government is currently spending four pounds for every three it receives in revenues .
This reflects not just the severity of the recession but misjudgments during the good years .
It was a mistake to be borrowing at all , let alone over 2 % of GDP , in 2006 and 2007 when the economy was strong .
Moreover , that deficit would have been even higher but for inflated receipts from ebullient property markets and financial firms .
Mr Darling was able to announce a somewhat improved forecast for this year 's borrowing — but only to the extent that terrible is better than horrendous .
He is now expecting a deficit of £ 167 billion in 2009 - 10 , rather than his earlier estimate of £ 178 billion .
But that still leaves it extraordinarily high , at 11.8 % of GDP ; and it will fall only to 11.1 % in 2010 - 11 .
That chancellor is expecting the gap to narrow , but by 2014 - 15 , there will still be a shortfall , of 4 % ( see chart 3 ) .
Before borrowing blew out so spectacularly , that would have seemed far too much .
Some of the reduction will happen automatically as the economy recovers .
However , a stringent programme of fiscal retrenchment will also be necessary .
Mr Darling stuck to his guns about deferring the start of this to 2011 , on the grounds that the economy is still too weak to start the heavy lifting this year .
But the main weakness in the chancellor 's plans is that he remains coy about where the spending cuts will be made .
Furthermore , his planned tax rises on high earners may well yield less revenue than he hopes .
And his predictions for the public finances are acutely vulnerable to setbacks in his forecasts for strong GDP growth from 2011 until 2014 .
For the moment , investors and credit - rating agencies are giving Britain the benefit of the doubt .
But that will not last beyond the election .
Mr Darling 's budget is the last breath of a dying government .
What will really count is the first one of the next parliament .
That budget will have to do what the chancellor failed to do : set out a credible plan for reducing the deficit , grounded in sober rather than wishful forecasts for growth , decide where spending cuts will actually be made , and also — in all probability — announce additional tax increases .
Britain 's economy was overhyped before the recession , but the gloom has been overdone since the great fall .
If a new government can show that it will get a grip on the public finances , this would help bolster confidence .
The country 's economic future may be less dazzling than before but that glitter turned out to be fool 's gold .
After those excesses , a period of private sobriety and public austerity may prove to be no bad thing .
Financial behemoths no longer will become too big to fail and create the kind of havoc that happened to the economy over the past two years , the Pennsylvania Democrat told CNBC in an exclusive interview .
" This really goes back to the concept that corporations now have been allowed to grow to such an extent that they actually are greater than any single government on Earth , " Kanjorski said .
" This is a fight between corporate megalomania and democratic capitalism . "
Kanjorski subsequently told Reuters that the power to determine whether an institution is so big that it could endanger the system will reside with the Financial Services Oversight Council but require presidential consultation .
The concept of too big to fail soared onto the public landscape when Lehman Brothers collapsed in September 2008 beneath the weight of risky mortgage - backed securities in which it invested .
Several other large institutions whose tentacles spread throughout the financial system also teetered on the brink of insolvency during the crisis .
Government officials worried that if the firms went down they would bring the entire economy with them .
Kanjorski's amendment will become part of legislation establishing a resolution authority to deal with the too - big - to - fail concept .
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon wrote an opinion piece last week for the Washington Post agreeing with Kanjorski's sentiment that poorly run institutions ought to be allowed to fail .
However , he contended that the government should not base its decisions solely on size .
Those concerns were echoed in a separate CNBC interview with Rob Nichols , president of Financial Services Forum , an industry advocacy group .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Renault team boss Eric Boullier says the squad might not sign its second driver before the first tests of its 2010 car at Valencia in early February .
Robert Kubica is currently Renault 's only confirmed 2010 driver .
The team is set to launch its new R30 on 31 January at the Spanish track prior to the start of testing the following morning , but Boullier has revealed that Kubica could begin testing alone as there is no guarantee that the identity of his partner will have been decided by then .
" It 's not decided yet , very frankly , " Boullier told AUTOSPORT when asked about Renault 's driver plans .
" We are still looking at several drivers available on the market .
Two of them are experienced , two of them are rookies .
We are now the last established team [ without two drivers ] and the situation is very different than in July , when you could discuss with everybody .
" So now we have to focus on two things .
First , and this is very important , we have to bring serenity to the team and bring the morale back up .
Second , we are looking for sponsors .
We are waiting to have all these elements in place to take our decision .
" We 'd love to take the decision before the test .
If not Robert will start the development alone . "
Boullier confirmed that Nick Heidfeld , Kubica 's former team - mate at BMW Sauber , was among the contenders .
" It would be a lie to say ' no ' , " he said .
" Definitely it 's a different question because he has spent so many years with Robert .
The question mark is if we want to put them together again or not .
But he is on the list .
" Today we have a situation where there are not many drivers available on the market .
I speak about drivers with Formula 1 experience and drivers who are rookies but successful enough and graduated enough to get into Formula 1 .
The key thing is that we do consider driver performance and driver development state . "
He reiterated that drivers associated with Renault 's new investment partner Gerard Lopez 's Gravity organisation - such as Ho - Pin Tung and Jerome D'Ambrosio - would not be given priority .
" Definitely not .
Some of my comments have been used in the press against Gravity , " said Boullier .
" It would be crazy for me to give a privilege to Gravity drivers compared to some others .
Being team principal of Renault F1 means that I have to protect the interests of Renault F1 , not Gravity . "
Boullier also said there was no requirement to sign a French driver for the second seat .
" Nationality is completely open , " he said .
" It has been policy since many years that Renault and even our partner Total do n't intervene with the sporting policy of the team .
" So it 's completely up to the team to decide what is best for the team .
The driver could be French , but he could be Russian , Chinese , German , Austrian or whatever you want . "
He confirmed that a Russian driver was " definitely " a possibility , with GP2 title contender Vitaly Petrov known to be chasing 2010 F1 opportunities .
I e-mailed Norman suggesting tentative dates for a 16 - day sail in early October ; he wrote back asking for a $ 100 deposit via Western Union .
I complied , but to be sure this was n’t a scam , I contacted Misty Tosh , a TV producer from California who ’d blogged about her stay on the Illusion .
Do n’t worry , she told me by phone , you ’ll learn to sail , maybe swim with sea turtles and have a crazy time .
Good crazy or bad crazy ?
“ Good crazy , ” Misty said .
Three weeks later , I was deep into good crazy , courtesy primarily of Norman , the captain .
With his Popeye - like forearms , grin that glinted gold and freckled skin that concealed deeper layers of pale white and bright pink  like a sunburned snow leopard  he looked the part of a weather - beaten sailor with hundreds of thousands of sea miles under his belt .
But this was only his latest incarnation , he told me , having previously been a bodybuilder , a lawyer , the chairman of a television production company , a mercenary in Africa and a manufacturer of amphetamines ( for which he said he served time in prison ) .
Uniting these multiple identities was his caustic Liverpudlian sense of humor .
His delightfully twisted outlook allowed only extremes .
Everything was either the best ( “ Oh , they have the best steaks in the Caribbean  the best ! ” he growled about one island ) or the worst , the ugliest , the most bloody awful .
His temper was sharp ( he ’s the captain , so his word was law ) but you could n’t take his rebukes personally .
Once , a rope I was pulling in got trapped and stuck , and Norman yanked it from my hands , yelling at me for failing to pay attention .
I could ’ve sulked , but 10 minutes later he was grinning again , and so was I .
Still , the other novice crew  Steve Hill , tall and easygoing , and Francesca Fantacci , a 50 - something Ottawa architect  and I were glad to have Alison Hill around .
A redheaded 39 - year - old hairstylist from London , Alison had joined the ship back in May 2008 and fallen in love not only with the lifestyle but also with Norman himself .
Now she was first mate , head chef and , as his girlfriend , the honey to Norman ’s vinegar , a patient soul who acted as a buffer , literally showing us the ropes on the Illusion .
It was Alison who taught us to put up the blue canvas awning under which we ’d lounge and read , shielded from the sun .
It was she who showed me to my cabin , a tight , mahogany - lined nook near the bow with cabinets for my gear ( and life jacket ) , a narrow bed and a hatch to bring in some air .
She instructed us in the use of the pump-action toilet and taught us to haul seawater in a bucket to wash dishes , a daily chore that reminded us that this adventure was , as Norman repeated almost daily , “ not an ’oliday ! ”
But though it was n’t an ’oliday , it was often pure joy .
Sailing days would start early , with coffee , cereal and toast with pineapple jam downed hurriedly , though never fast enough for Norman , who ’d berate us for idling .
“ Sheets out ! ” he ’d yell , and we ’d scramble barefoot onto the deck to uncoil the sheets  that ’s ropes to you nonsailors  thread them through pulleys , seal them with figure - eight knots and half - hitch them to cleats .
Then we ’d pull up the anchor , start the motor and chug out to sea .
At first , Alison took the helm , but when I reminded Norman I wanted to learn to sail , he put me there instead , telling me to stick my head out of the pilot - house hatch and use my toes to steer .
Soon I was plotting courses from island to island , using the ship ’s library of sailing manuals as reference .
If putting a novice at the helm sounds sketchy , do n’t worry .
Obviously , Norman was overseeing everything , but the eastern Caribbean is a fairly easy place to sail .
The wind comes from the east , and since journeys tend to be north - south , you sail on a beam reach , perpendicular to the breeze , one of the simplest tacks you can take .
(.)
The Afghan government banned ammonium nitrate fertilizers , the key ingredient of roadside bombs that have emerged as the deadliest weapon used by Taliban fighters against NATO troops in Afghanistan .
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization , which has been seizing the fertilizer on its own since summer , has identified the primitive , fertilizer - packed ...
[ Foundation - l ]
Great news !
Google gives Wikimedia USD 2 million
Hi all , I am delighted to tell you that Google is giving Wikimedia a grant of USD 2 million .
It will come to us via the Google Fund at the Tides Foundation , which handles all of Google 's philanthropic activity , and it is completely unrestricted .
We 'll be putting out a press release tomorrow , but I wanted to tell you beforehand .
This is really great news .
It 's important to us financially , of course , but I see it as equally important from a symbolic perspective .
I believe that Wikimedia and Google are natural allies and partners --- we both want to help provide people everywhere around the world with information .
It seems natural to me that Google would want to support Wikimedia 's work , and I am happy they are doing it .
You probably know that Google and Wikimedia - –both editors and Wikimedia Foundation staff -- have , from time to time , collaborated on projects together .
( For example , the Google team has created functionality inside the Google Translate Toolkit that enables editing and uploading of translated articles to Wikipedia . )
This grant will not be channeled specifically towards Google - related activities : it will go into our general operating revenues .
Having said that , I look forward to Google and Wikimedia continuing to do good work together .
The press release is below .
It will go out tomorrow morning , but you do n't need to keep this news confidential .
Feel free to tell your friends :-)
Thanks ,
Sue Gardner Wikimedia Foundation announces $ 2 million grant from Google Donation will support capacity investments in Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects EMBARGOED UNTIL 8:00 AM PST , February 17 2009 SAN FRANCISCO , CA February 17 , 2009 -- The Wikimedia Foundation , the non-profit that operates Wikipedia , today announced that it has received a $ 2 million ( USD ) grant from the Google Inc. Charitable Giving Fund of Tides Foundation .
This is the Wikimedia Foundation 's first grant from Google .
The funds will support core operational costs of the Wikimedia Foundation , including investments in technical infrastructure to support rapidly - increasing global traffic and capacity demands .
The funds will also be used to support the organization 's efforts to make Wikipedia easier to use and more accessible .
" Wikipedia is one of the greatest triumphs of the internet , " offered Google co-founder Sergey Brin .
" This vast repository of community - generated content is an invaluable resource to anyone who is online . "
Wikipedia founder and Wikimedia Foundation board member , Jimmy Wales , also commented on the Google gift .
" We are very pleased and grateful .
This is a wonderful gift , and we celebrate it as recognition of the long - term alignment and friendship between Google and Wikimedia .
Both organizations are committed to bringing high quality information to hundreds of millions of individuals every day , and to making the Internet better for everyone . "
The two organizations have a long - standing working relationship .
Most recently , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation have partnered to support translation of Wikipedia content into key languages with relatively small Wikipedia editions .
Google 's Translation Toolkit supports direct online translation of Wikipedia articles , and has been used by Google in Wikipedia translation pilot projects with speakers of Arabic , Hindi , and Swahili .
Sue Gardner , executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation , offered : " It is wonderful that Google has stepped forward as a major supporter of a global , non-profit information commons .
With this generous grant , we will be able to fund additional operations and development work to increase access and contributions to our free knowledge projects globally . "
Wikimedia 's support comes primarily from individual donations made by regular users of Wikipedia .
The Wikimedia Foundation completed its 2009 - 10 fundraiser in January .
During the drive , 240,000 individuals donated more than $ 8 million , representing three quarters of its planned revenue for the fiscal year .
-- ﻿ Sue Gardner Executive Director Wikimedia Foundation 415 839 6885 office 415 816 9967 cell
Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge .
Help us make it a reality !
http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Donate
Welcome
... to Brother Steve 's tin-whistle pages , a space dedicated to the playing of Irish traditional music on the tin whistle .
My aim is to help learners improve their understanding of Irish music and ways of playing it on this humble - but wonderful - little instrument .
If this is your first visit , make sure to read the Introduction for more information about this site , what it aims to do , and how to find your way around it , plus a few technical points about the layout , sound files , and so on .
Next page : Introduction to this site
First page proper :
The meditations of Brother Steve
February 2017 Hello , visitors .
I am still here , even if these pages have not been significantly updated for some time .
So let me know you are here , too : please sign the Guestbook — as several of you have been doing recently .
Support this site !
There are no advertisements here — and I 'd like to keep it that way .
If you would like to encourage me , please consider buying one of the eBooks I have published : Recollections of a Donegal Man or ( of particular interest to whistle players ) A Dossan of Heather .
Thanks !
Cheers , Brother Steve .
Some of the flags attached to entries in the Bro. Steve Guestbook ...
RYANAIR HAS appeared in the bottom 10 of an “ ethical ranking ” of 581 companies , based on environmental performance , corporate social responsibility and information provided to consumers .
The ranking was compiled by Geneva - based Covalence , which measures qualitative data on 45 criteria including labour standards , waste management , social utility and human rights policy .
The company claims that its “ reputation index ” , which is distributed by Thomson Reuters , Bloomberg and Capital IQ , is “ a barometer of how multinationals are perceived in the ethical field ” .
Ryanair is ranked 575 on the latest list , just ahead of Occidental Petroleum , US tobacco company Phillip Morris and oil giant Chevron .
At the bottom is Monsanto , chiefly known for genetically modified foods .
CRH plc , the only other Irish firm on the list , comes close to the bottom , with a ranking of 557 – sandwiched between Exxon Mobil and Japan Tobacco .
Guinness manufacturer Diageo is ranked high , at 39 .
The top 10 are headed by IBM , followed by Intel ( which has a major plant at Leixlip , Co Kildare ) , HSBC Holdings , Marks Spencer , Unilever , Xerox , General Electric , Cisco Systems , Dell and Procter & Gamble .
“ Environmental initiatives , eco-innovative products and social sponsorships enabled companies to generate positive coverage in 2009 , while issues related to downsizing , CO2 emissions and working conditions caused the most criticisms , ” Covalence said .
New sector leaders are BMW ( cars ) , Walt Disney ( media ) , and Suncor Energy ( oil & gas ) .
Across sectors , companies progressing the most during 2009 were British Telecom , Kimberly - Clark , Samsung Electronics and Siemens .
Well - known companies in the top 20 include Alcoa Aluminium , Pepsico , Nike , Microsoft , Starbucks , DuPont , BASF , Danone and Vodafone , while those in the bottom 20 include Royal Dutch Shell , AIG , British American Tobacco and Halliburton .
Google is ranked at 24 , Toyota at 32 , Walmart at 42 , Barclays at 46 and Coca - Cola at 47 .
Still in the top 100 are French conglomerate Veolia ( which operates Luas in Dublin ) at 89 , Statoil at 90 , Mazda at 93 , Tesco at 97 and Fiat at 98 .
Ethical companies : best and worst
TOP 10
1 International Business Machines CorpTechnology
2 Intel CorporationTechnology
3 HSBC HoldingsBanks
4 Marks & SpencerRetail
5 Unilever NVFood Beverages
6 XeroxTechnology
7 General Electric CoIndustrial Goods Services
8 Cisco SystemsTechnology
9 DellTechnology
10 Procter & GamblePersonal & Household Goods
BOTTOM 10
572 Total SAOil & Gas
573 Grupo Mexico SA de CVBasic Resources
574 Syngenta AGChemicals
575 RyanairTravel & Leisure
576 Occidental PetroleumOil & Gas
577 Philip Morris InternationalPersonal & Household Goods
578 Freeport - McMoRan Copper & GoldBasic Resources
579 ChevronOil & Gas
580 Halliburton CompanyOil & Gas
581 MonsantoFood & Beverages
Here 's a fascinating post on " foil impressioning " — a simple lockpicking technique that uses the lock itself to fashion a working key out of soft aluminium tape .
You just stick a key loaded with this stuff into a lock and wiggle it around in a special way and the lock opens itself .
Just brand new on the market is a kit that uses a clever technique to also open dimple locks that have a serious profile ( and are not one solid square piece of metal ) .
The kit was brought to my attention when visiting Israel with Jord Knaap and Han Fey last week .
A local locksmith called Raf ( well known from the UK bumpkey forum ) invited us to his shop and proudly showed me this tool and technique .
The way the tool works is that you first take some aluminum foil and make a ' U shaped ' form ( using the special tool to do so ) and make small incisions on pre-determined positions .
Next thing you do is put the foil over a special blank that already has the profile of your target lock .
The clever thing about this tool is that the ' U shaped foil tube ' is wrapped around some sort of needle , and the foil can not be pushed in when entering the lock !
Once the key is inserted , the needle is taken out from the back of the tool , and the pins are now resting on the foil .
Because of the cuts in the foil , each pin will stand on it's own ' island ' of foil , and when it is pushed in will not disturb the neighboring pin !
I have played around with it a little , and the design is really very clever and works fast and reliable !
Are skeptics being too rude , insulting and obnoxious in our quest to spread critical thinking ?
Are our methods and actions demeaning and cruel ?
Do we come on too strong ?
I know that I have little patience with all the woo peddlers and my blogs here are usually characterized by sarcasm and a call to arms .
That ’s where I ’m going with Guerrilla and Ambush Skepticism and I make no apologies for taking a stronger stance against the bottom feeders like the phonies I have been putting up here for the last few weeks .
But what about the great masses of undecided people who are on the fence ?
Could the “ greater movement ” of skeptical thinking be putting these people off ?
This is probably happening right now – and it ’s a shame .
I recently received an article that appeared in “ Skeptical Inquirer ” back in 2004 , “ Bridging the Chasm Between Two Cultures . ”
In it , a once full - time new age author Karla McLaren , tells a powerful story of her own awakening , her position on critical thinking and the hard fought trials and tribulations of what some might call an “ ordinary mystic . ”
The complete article from Volume 3 , May / June 2004 can be found here : http://www.csicop.org/si/show/bridging_the_chasm_between_two_cultures/
I was pleasantly surprised to find out after reading this article that a news segment on cold reading that I did was partly responsible for Karla ’s eye ’s opening to a more rational acceptance of what she was doing :
“ For instance , an understanding of cold reading would have helped me a great deal .
I never knew what cold reading was , and until I saw professional magician and debunker Mark Edward use cold reading on an ABC News special last year , I did n’t understand that I had long used a form of cold reading in my own work !
I was never taught cold reading and I never intended to defraud anyone — I simply picked up the technique through cultural osmosis . ”
Karla ’s main point is that by being too strident , name calling and other outbursts of emotion that many of us who have been in this movement for so long have finally began resorting to does n’t work .
As much as I admire Penn Jillette , his “ Bullshit ” style rants only have a small chance of reaching the ears of vegans , people who meditate or think they are psychically communicating with their pets .
We get it , but there are thousands – millions maybe – who do n’t have a clue .
Karla ’s expereince has to be one that many other people certainly have when they first read or are exposed to skeptical thinking .
In this case , a chance viewing of a television segment turned her thinking around and helped her to get a more balanced picture , starting her on the road to critically realizing what she was doing .
Imagine what effect a prime time television production would have if it was put together in the right way .
The right way being exactly what Karla wrote about .
Multiply her transition a thousand times and skepticality might have a fighting chance .
I remember feeling much the same way back in the 70’s when I was a young magician beginning my endeavors in the world of mentalism and psychic entertainment .
I had n’t made up my mind either way about telepathy , clairvoyance or tha myriad of other strange beliefs that were flowering out of the late sixties environment .
I had never heard of The Amazing Randi back then .
I was a lot like Karla .
At that point Randi seemed to me to be a hard nosed guy who was bitterly down on Uri Geller for some unknown reason .
I thought the whole debunking must have been showbiz rivalry of some sort , which was / is so common in the so - called “ magic fraternity . ”
I did n’t know any better .
I had no idea of where my interests in what he was doing might one day lead .
If I had n’t been a fellow magician who also saw through what Uri was doing , I might not have been left with any other impression .
Slowly , through patient study and seeking out other people who were asking the same tough questions , I had a complete turnabout .
We face the same problem today – only the paranormal and all its offshoots have mushroomed into a billion dollar industry with no end in sight .
There are no new Randi icons out there to guide us .
The skeptical movement ca n’t afford to be too vitriolic if we want to reach the merely curious , the undecided and the culture that is springing out of this Pandora ’s Box .
The lid is off the box and it ’s out of control .
We ca n’t be heard by only being naysayers in a crowd .
For my own part , I prefer to take it to the streets .
This is because I ’ve talked the talk for too long .
It ’s difficult for me to withhold my rage .
I know the tricks of the trade and I ’m out to teach these cons to the masses in whatever ways I can .
I ’m a performer not a scholar and my approach may not be right for everyone .
If others can listen and begin to pay attention to Karla ’s suggestions – the kind of headway we really want may begin to happen .
Another more recent blog from www.theordinarymystic.com/blog/what-does-karla-mclarens-conversion-to-skepticism-mean/ should show us that we are gaining support :
“ What Does Karla McLaren ’s Conversion to Skepticism Mean ?
Some things are changing .
As you may have heard , we ’re now part of T - Mobile® for Business — and we think it ’s fantastic .
Together , we ’re committed to transforming the wireless industry for good .
Strong , dependable network connectivity has never been more critical to businesses or to the country .
The combined company is focused on creating a much - needed transformational nationwide 5G network , driving innovation in the U.S. , and bringing wireless access to people and businesses throughout the country .
This quantum leap forward can only be achieved by using the T - Mobile and Sprint combined low - , mid- and high - spectrum bands — and only T - Mobile will have the resources to do it quickly .
We ’ll have more towers , more engineers and more bandwidth than ever before , all to give you unmatched value with the best affordable solution .
Meg R. was signing up for the University of North Carolina , Wilmington health plan and noticed something interesting about the men’s and women ’s health section of the benefits plan .
I ’ll let you peruse and put my snarky comments afterwards :
Um , so apparently women do not have hearts or kidneys .
They only have targets for sexually transmitted infections and fetuses .
While men apparently need care for cancer and diabetes , women get only pap smears and urinary tract infections .
Oh , and FYI , if you ’re a lady , “ There are additional charges over and above the health fee . ”
It ’s amazing that we can even call the same number , given that our bodies are so fundamentally different from one another .
Wow , just wow .
ConnectU founders AP
This is the story of how , in the summer of 2004 , Mark Zuckerberg hacked into a Facebook rival called ConnectU , whose founders had accused him of stealing their idea to build Facebook .
The details of this story were developed from a broader investigation of the origins of Facebook .
The investigation included interviews with more than a dozen sources over two years , as well as what we believe to be relevant IMs and emails from the period .
During the summer of 2004 , Mark Zuckerberg 's new social network the Facebook.com was already wildly popular .
After Mark launched it in February , the site dominated the conversation at Harvard all spring .
It reached 250,000 users by the end of August and a million users that fall .
The Facebook.com was so popular that one thing Mark probably never needed to worry about was competition from the other social network launched at Harvard in 2004 , ConnectU , whose founders had accused him of stealing their idea .
ConnectU 's founders -- Cameron Winklevoss , Tyler Winklevoss , and Divya Narendra -- had launched the site that spring at 15 schools .
But it never gained anywhere close to the critical mass of user adoption that Facebook did .
Today , 400 million people visit Facebook each month while ConnectU exists only in the Internet archives .
Nevertheless , during 2004 , Mark Zuckerberg still appeared to be obsessed with ConnectU .
Specifically , he appears to have hacked into ConnectU 's site and made changes to multiple user profiles , including Cameron Winklevoss's .
At one point , Mark appears to have exploited a flaw in ConnectU 's account verification process to create a fake Cameron Winklevoss account with a fake Harvard .edu email address .
In this new , fake profile , he listed Cameron 's height as 7 ' 4 " , his hair color as " Ayran Blond , " and his eye color as " Sky Blue . "
He listed Cameron 's " language " as " WASP-y . "
Next , Mark appears to have logged into the accounts of some ConnectU users and changed their privacy settings to invisible .
The idea here was apparently to make it harder for people to find friends on ConnectU , thus reducing its utility .
Eventually , Mark appears to have gone a step further , deactivating about 20 ConnectU accounts entirely .
Mark appeared to be worried about the risk of his actions , but reasoned that ConnectU 's developers would n't notice a succession of account deactivations coming from the same IP address .
He took comfort that Apache logs did n't reveal that type of activity either .
Mark also figured that if ConnectU developers did notice anything , their most natural conclusion would be to think that someone had emailed people convincing them to deactivate their accounts .
It is not clear how Mark accessed these accounts .
( In an earlier hack of the email accounts of two Harvard Crimson editors , he used login information stored in Facebook 's servers . )
It does appear that he retained access to ConnectU 's servers for quite some time .
When we reviewed the details of this story with Facebook , the company had this comment :
" We ’re not going to debate the disgruntled litigants and anonymous sources who seek to rewrite Facebook ’s early history or embarrass Mark Zuckerberg with dated allegations .
The unquestioned fact is that since leaving Harvard for Silicon Valley nearly six years ago , Mark has led Facebook 's growth from a college website to a global service playing an important role in the lives of over 400 million people . "
We 're certainly not questioning the latter fact : Facebook 's success -- and Mark 's role in it -- have been awe - inspiring .
Given the significant concerns about online privacy and ethics , however , it seems reasonable to ask what the company 's reaction -- and Mark 's current reaction -- is to the reported behavior above .
A source close to the company suggests that it was the fallout from early behavior like this -- fallout that has included reputational damage to Mark Zuckerberg and expensive and prolonged litigation with ConnectU -- that has shaped Facebook 's current privacy policies .
We imagine -- or at least hope -- that these searing early mistakes have also a profound influence on the now 25 - year - old Mark Zuckerberg .
Thanks to everyone who joined us on our Donkey Kong Country minithon !
We basically only got 2/3 of the content we 'd planned gamewise , but great times were had by all regardless !
A hearty thank you to those of you who donated and raised $ 1275 in just over 15 hours , we truly appreciate your generosity !
If you could n't join us , I feel sorry for you , you missed a good one I assure you !
Be sure to keep your eyes on our website and Twitter feed for any announcements regarding our next marathon !
See you then !
After he allegedly fired a gunshot during an argument with his wife , a 84 - year - old World War II - era veteran held a SWAT team at bay at the couple 's home in southwest Houston for nearly six hours early Thursday before he was arrested peacefully .
The standoff began around 1:30 a.m. after the homeowner , who identified himself as Gerald Lancaster , fired a shot as his wife was leaving their home in the 10100 block of Amblewood , authorities said .
He was arrested about 7 a.m. , police said , and charged with aggravated assault .
Patrol officers arrived at the home after the gunshot , and later the Houston Police Department SWAT unit was dispatched because Lancaster did not come outside .
Lancaster was unarmed when arrested by SWAT officers who broke through a door at the home .
He did n't resist , police said , and no injuries were reported .
Lancaster , in an interview from the backseat of a police cruiser after his arrest , said he had been drinking alcohol during the day and that he and his wife had argued .
He said his wife had not been drinking .
‘ Pretty tough gentleman '
Police said there were several rifles and handguns in the house .
Lancaster told reporters that he owns enough guns to “ take down the whole ( expletive ) army if I wanted to , ” but that he'd had no intention of using them .
After failing to coax Lancaster out with phone calls and pleas over a loudspeaker , SWAT officers fired tear gas into the home at about 5:30 a.m .
But they said the 6 - foot - 3 , 225 - pound Marine veteran still refused to come outside .
“ It 's kind of unusual , ” said Lt. A.J. Mihalco , of the Houston Police Department .
“ He withstood the tear gas .
It seemed like it did n't even faze him , ” said Mihalco .
“ He 's a pretty tough gentleman . ”
Lancaster said he had been asleep during much of the standoff .
He was surprised when he realized police officers had converged on his home .
Lancaster , a retired energy industry engineer , said he was a sergeant during his stint in the Corps , and responded tersely when asked how long he'd been married : “ Too damn long . ”
dale.lezon@chron.com
The controversy over racial bias , testing and firefighters that blew up at both the Supreme Court and the Senate last year returns Monday , this time as the justices decide whether blacks who were not hired in Chicago because of their test scores are due damages for years of lost wages .
The potentially $ 100 - million civil rights case comes before a high court that has already shown its skepticism toward such claims .
Last year , the justices ruled for white firefighters in New Haven , Conn. , who said they were victims of illegal racial discrimination when the city threw out the results of a promotion test .
The whites had earned high scores and would have gotten nearly all the promotions .
City officials dropped the test results because they feared being sued by blacks who were denied promotions .
By contrast , the city of Chicago was sued for illegal discrimination by more than 6,000 African Americans who earned “ qualified ” scores on an entry - level test given by the Fire Department , but who lost out to mostly white applicants who had higher , “ well qualified ” scores .
“ This case is the flip side of Ricci , ” said Benna Solomon , deputy corporation counsel for Chicago , referring to the New Haven case .
“ It illustrates the tension that public employers face . ”
The outcome of the Chicago case may well turn on whether the lawyers for the black applicants waited a few months too long to file their suit .
It ’s likely to have a national impact , however , because most state and city agencies are required by law to use competitive tests for hiring .
It began in 1995 when 26,000 applicants jammed into Chicago ’s United Center sports arena to take an entry - level , paper - and - pencil test for jobs in the Fire Department .
Only those who scored 89 or above were considered “ well qualified ” for the jobs , the city said in January 1996 .
Assuming they passed a physical and medical test , these top scorers stood a good chance of being hired over the next eight years .
About 76 % of those in the “ well qualified ” group were white -- 11.5 % were black even though there were only slightly more whites than blacks taking the test .
Mayor Richard M. Daley called the results “ disappointing . ”
Those who scored between 65 and 88 were classified as “ qualified ” but were told they were unlikely to be hired .
In 1997 a group of “ qualified ” blacks sued , alleging racial discrimination .
They relied on a part of the Civil Rights
Act that says job standards , including tests , are illegal if they unfairly screen out applicants because of their race or gender .
Employers can defend themselves only if they can prove the tests were job - related and were a “ business necessity . ”
In last year ’s ruling , the Supreme Court ’s conservative bloc questioned these bias claims that rely on racial statistics .
Justice Anthony Kennedy said the suits can “ amount to a sort of racial preference ” if employers are forced to hire based on race rather than on “ equal opportunity regardless of race . ”
The New Haven decision became the central controversy of Justice Sonia Sotomayor ’s confirmation hearings in the Senate because as a lower court judge , she had ruled against the white firefighters .
Prior to the Supreme Court ’s opinion , U.S. District Judge Joan Gottschall ruled for the black applicants in Chicago .
She said the city had failed to prove that those who scored at least 89 were more qualified than those whose scores were in the 70s or lower 80s .
The “ cutoff score of 89 is statistically meaningless , ” she said .
The city ’s lawyers appealed , but only to argue that the black applicants waited too long to sue .
The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals agreed and threw out the blacks ’ suit in 2008 , ruling that they had missed the 300 - day deadline for filing claims of job discrimination .
The plaintiffs sued more than a year after the results were announced .
Last year , the NAACP Legal Defense Fund appealed to the Supreme Court on behalf of the black applicants , and it won the support of the Obama administration .
Shortly after ruling for white firefighters in New Haven , the high court voted to hear the case of the black applicants from Chicago .
The justices could rule narrowly on the deadlines , or more broadly on bias claims based on test scores .
The city also took a lesson from the legal fight .
When it announced a new test for firefighters in 2006 , it adopted a pass - fail approach .
All those who had a passing score could become firefighters .
david.savage@latimes.com
America is a house divided thanks to Tony Kornheiser and Lance Armstrong 's " car vs. bike " stand off , but thankfully radio executives have issued strict orders for everyone on their air to shut the hell up about it .
Advertisement
For those of you not following your radio host - cyclist feud news , Tony Kornheiser recently said out loud on his radio show that people with cars should run people on bikes off the road .
( This is part of the age - old debate between drivers and cyclists that can only end in bloodsport . )
Naturally , Lance Armstrong — being the world 's most famous pedalist — responded in kind ( about a week later ) by calling Tony a " punk ass chump " and a " douchebag " and urging his Twitter followers to complain .
I guess people can still get upset by obnoxious radio hosts being intentionally obnoxious .
Advertisement
But in an odd acknowledgment that this is indeed a stupid non-story , executives at Clear Channel ( which probably owns any non-satellite radio station you 've listened to in the last decade ) put the kibosh on it as a topic of discussion .
A tipster sent us the email , which was sent around to the talent this morning :
Subject : Cycling - IMPORTANT
Team :
In light of Tony Kornheiser 's comments , please be clear with your staff (s ) : With NO exceptions , our personalities should NOT engage in conversation or commentary about the world of cycling , professional or recreational .
Please communicate clearly to our very talented on air personnel what is expected with this issue .
" Lance Armstrong will confront US radio talkshow host Tony Kornheiser today after the sports journalist recommended running riders down during an anti-cycling rant . "
Thanks for your attention to this matter .
The two did make nice on Tony 's show today , but it 's sort of amusing that Lance Armstrong 's righteous indignation about bicycling could help ensure that no one ever talks about the sport on the radio ever again .
Which is fine , because those guys are always in my lane , amirite ?!
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Lance Armstrong on the Tony Kornhieser Show [ ESPN980 ]
I know we do n't like to get into a lot of rumors , but this one comes from someone who is usually in the know when it comes to stuff like this .
Remember , this is unconfirmed until something happens , but it 's something to think about .
Tonight on Blueshirt Banter Radio , we got what could be a little bit of a scoop .
Our good friend Ricky , who does a tremendous amount of sports marketing and promotion , including a lot with the Rangers , had a card signing booked for Ales Kotalikin March .
Ricky has received a call from Kotalik 's agent cancelling the signing , and has refunded the money to Ricky that he paid up front for the signing .
According to the agent , Kotalik has asked for a trade , telling the Rangers he is not happy with the organization , and wants to be traded , released , or he will defect to Russia .
Kotalik has allegedly told the Rangers he would like to be traded out west .
Worth keeping an eye on at this point .
Normally we ignore " steampunk " news because it has nothing to do with real , actual steampunk and more to do with some bloke attaching nonfunctional brass tubing to his PC , but in this case these guns actually shoot something .
Advertisement
The blunderbuss , above , shoots rubber balls .
Cool , I suppose ... But !
It also shoots them at such a velocity that they can penetrate cardboard at a respectable distance :
The other rifle , Black Betty shoots ping pong balls and confetti paper , the latter of which can be lit up to make a flame thrower of sorts :
And that 's probably the last steampunk anything you 'll see here for a while .
Well , unless it shoots something .
Or , you know , actually uses steam power .
[ YouTube via Boing Boing ]
Colin Ward , 1924–2010
Sad news from our friends at Five Leaves Publications in Nottingham : Colin Ward , the great British anarchist , scholar , and journalist passed away on the evening of February 11 .
Ward was always attentive to the ways society already works cooperatively , and pushed us to understand these impulses and experiments as a latent potential for anarchism .
Some of what passes for common - sense approaches to schooling , architecture , or social organization are themes Ward touched on in his work and has since been embedded in our popular consciousness .
Many of us have been touched by Ward ’s work over the years , sometimes without even realizing it .
We wish the best to Colin ’s close friends , allies , and especially his partner , Harriet .
Do read Ross Bradshaw ’s post about Ward at the Five Leaves Blog if you ’re interested in learning more about Ward ’s history , or the extended post on Next Left .
For our part , we offer below just a small sampling of Colin ’s thought , from his classic Anarchy in Action .
You can find some of his other books available here .
**********
Anarchy and a Plausible Future
Originally published in Anarchy in Action ( London : Freedom Press , 1973 ) .
Excerpted in Autonomy , Solidarity , Possibility : The Colin Ward Reader ( Oakland : AK Press , forthcoming December 2010 ) .
For the earlier part of my life I was quieted by being told that ours was the richest country in the world , until I woke up to know that what I meant by riches was learning and beauty , and music and art , coffee and omelettes ; perhaps in the coming days of poverty we may get more of these …
– W.R. LETHABY , Form in Civilisation
This book has illustrated the arguments for anarchism , not from theories , but from actual examples of tendencies which already exist , alongside much more powerful and dominant authoritarian methods of social organisation .
The important question is , therefore , not whether anarchy is possible or not , but whether we can so enlarge the scope and influence of libertarian methods that they become the normal way in which human beings organise their society .
Is an anarchist society possible ?
We can only say , from the evidence of human history , that no kind of society is impossible .
If you are powerful enough and ruthless enough you can impose almost any kind of social organisation on people – for a while .
But you can only do so by methods which , however natural and appropriate they may be for any other kind of ‘ ism ’ – acting on the well - known principle that you ca n’t make an omelette without breaking eggs , are repugnant to anarchists , unless they see themselves as yet another of those revolutionary elites ‘ leading the people ’ to the promised land .
You can impose authority but you cannot impose freedom .
An anarchist society is improbable , not because anarchy is unfeasible , or unfashionable , or unpopular , but because human society is not like that , because , as Malatesta put it in the passage quoted in the last chapter , ‘ we are , in any case , only one of the forces acting in society ’ .
The degree of social cohesion implied in the idea of ‘ an anarchist society ’ could only occur in a society so embedded in the cake of custom that the idea of choice among alternative patterns of social behaviour simply did not occur to people .
I cannot imagine that degree of unanimity and I would dislike it if I could , because the idea of choice is crucial to any philosophy of freedom and spontaneity .
So we do n’t have to worry about the boredom of utopia : we sha n’t get there .
But what results from this conclusion ?
One response would be to stress anarchism as an ideal of personal liberation , ceasing to think of changing society , except by example .
Another would be to conclude that because no reads lead to utopia no road leads anywhere , an attitude which , in the end , is identical with the utopian one because it asserts that there are no partial , piecemeal , compromise of temporary solutions , only one attainable or unattainable final solution .
But , as Alexander Herzen put it over a century ago : ‘ A goal which is infinitely remote is not a goal at all , it is a deception .
A goal must be closer – at the very least the labourer ’s wage or pleasure in the work performed .
Each epoch , each generation , each life has had , and had , its own experience , and the end of each generation must be itself . ’
The choice between libertarian and authoritarian solutions is not a once - and - for - all cataclysmic struggle , it is a series of running engagements , most of them never concluded , which occur , and have occurred , throughout history .
Every human society , except the most totalitarian of utopias or anti-utopias , is a plural society with large areas which are not in conformity with the officially imposed or declared values .
An example of this can be seen in the alleged division of the world into capitalist and communist blocks : there are vast areas of capitalist societies which are not governed by capitalist principles , and there are many aspects of the socialist societies which cannot be described as socialist .
You might even say that the only thing that makes life livable in the capitalist world is the unacknowledged capitalist element in it .
This is why a controlled market is a left - wing demand in capitalist economy – along with state control , while a free market is a left - wing demand in a communist society – along with workers ’ control .
In both cases , the demands are for whittling away power from the centre , whether it is the power of the state or capitalism , or state - capitalism .
So what are the prospects for increasing the anarchist content of the real world ?
From one point of view the outlook is bleak : centralised power , whether that of governments or super - governments , or of private capitalism or the super - capitalism of giant international corporations , has never been greater .
The prophesies of nineteenth - century anarchists like Proudhon and Bakunin about the power of the state over the citizen have a relevance today which must have seemed unlikely for their contemporaries .
From another standpoint the outlook is infinitely promising .
The very growth of the state and its bureaucracy , the giant corporation and its privileged hierarchy , are exposing their vulnerability to non-co-operation , to sabotage , and to the exploitation of their weaknesses by the weak .
They are also giving rise to parallel organisations , counter organisations , alternative organisations , which exemplify the anarchist method .
Industrial mergers , and rationalisation have bred the revival of the demand for workers ’ control , first as a slogan or a tactic like the work - in , ultimately as a destination .
The development of the school and the university as broiler - houses for a place in the occupational pecking - order have given rise to the de-schooling movement and the idea of the anti-university .
The use of medicine and psychiatry as agents of conformity has led to the idea of the anti-hospital and the self - help therapeutic group .
The failure of Western society to house its citizens has prompted the growth of squatter movements and tenants ’ co-operatives .
The triumph of the supermarket in the United States has begun a mushrooming of food co-operatives .
The deliberate pauperisation of those who cannot work has led to the recovery of self - respect through Claimants ’ Unions .
Community organisations of every conceivable kind , community newspapers , movement for child welfare , communal households have resulted from the new consciousness that local as well as central government exploit the poor and are unresponsive to those who are unable to exert effective pressure for themselves .
The ‘ rationalisation ’ of local administration in Britain into ‘ larger and more effective units ’ is evoking a response in the demand for neighbourhood councils .
A new self - confidence and assertion of their right to exist on their own terms has sprung up among the victims of particular kinds of discrimination – black liberation , women ’s liberation , homosexual liberation , prisoners ’ liberation , children ’s liberation : the list is almost endless and is certainly going to get longer as more and more people become more and more conscious that society is organised in ways which deny them a place in the sun .
In the age of mass politics and mass conformity , this is a magnificent re-assertion of individual values and of human dignity .
None of these movements is yet a threat to the power structure , and this is scarcely surprising since hardly any of them existed before the late 1960s .
None of them fits into the framework of conventional politics .
In fact , they do n’t speak the same language as the political parties .
They talk the language of anarchism and they insist on anarchist principles of organisation , which they have learned not from political theory but from their own experience .
They organise in loosely associated groups which are voluntary , functional , temporary and small .
They depend , not on membership cards , votes , a special leadership and a herd of inactive followers but on small functional groups which ebb and flow , group and regroup , according to the task in hand .
They are networks , not pyramids .
At the very time when the ‘ irresistible trends of modern society ’ seemed to be leading us to a mass society of enslaved consumers they are reminding us of the truth that the irresistible is simply that which is not resisted .
But obviously a whole series of partial and incomplete victories , of concessions won from the holders of power , will not lead to an anarchist society .
But it will widen the scope of free action and the potentiality for freedom in the society we have .
But such compromises of anarchist notions would have to be made , such authoritarian bedfellows chosen , for a frontal attack on the power structure , that the anarchist answer to cries for revolutionary unity is likely to be ‘ Whose noose are you inviting me to put round my neck this time ? ’
But in thinking about a plausible future , another factor has entered into the general consciousness since the late 1960s .
So many books , so many reports , so many conferences have been devoted to it , that it is only necessary for me to state a few general propositions about it .
The first is that the world ’s resources are finite .
The second is that the wealthy economics have been exploiting the unrenewable resources at a rate which the planet cannot sustain .
The third is that these ‘ developed ’ economies are also exploiting the resources of the ‘ Third World ’ countries as cheap raw materials .
This means , not only that the Third World countries can never hope to achieve the levels of consumption of the rich world , but that the rich countries themselves cannot continue to consume at the present accelerating rate .
The public debate around these issues is not about the truth of the contentions , it is simply about the question : How Soon ?
How soon before the fossil fuels run out ?
How soon before the Third World rises in revolt against international exploitation ?
How soon will we be facing the consequences of the non-viability of future economic growth ?
I leave aside the related questions about pollution and about population .
But all these questions profoundly affect all our futures and the predictions we make about social change , whether we mean the changes we desire or the ones which circumstances force upon us .
They also cut completely across accepted political categories , as do the policies of the ecology lobby or the environmental pressure groups in both Britain and the United States .
The growth economists , the politicians of both right and left , who envisaged an ever - expanding cycle of consumption , with the philosophy characterised by Kenneth Burke as Borrow , Spend , Buy , Waste , Want , have just not caught up with future realities .
If anyone has it is that minority among the young in the affluent countries who have consciously rejected the mass consumption society – its values as well as its dearly - bought products – and adopted , not out of Puritanism but out of a different set of priorities , an earlier consumer philosophy : Eat it , up , wear it out , make it do , or do without .
The editor of The Ecologist summed up the argument thus : ‘ affluence for everybody is an impossible dream : the world simply does not contain sufficient resources , nor could it absorb the heat and other wasted generated by the immense amount of energy required .
Indeed , the most important thing to realise , when we plan our future , is that affluence is both a local and a temporary phenomenon .
Unfortunately it is the principal , if not the only , goal our industrial society gives us . ’
His journal in its ‘ Blueprint for Survival ’ has the distinction of being among the few com-commentaries on the crisis of environment and resources to go beyond predicting the consequences of continued population growth and depletion of resources , to envisaging the kind of physical and economic structure of life which its authors regard as indispensable for a viable future , drawing up a timetable for change for the century 1975 - 2075 , to establish in that time ‘ a network of self - sufficient , self - regulating communities . ’
The authors cheerfully accept the charge that their programme is unsophisticated and over - simplified , the implication being that if the reader can formulate a better alternative , or a different time - scale , he should do so .
The interesting thing is that they have re-invented an older vision of the future .
Back in the 1890s three men , equally unqualified as shareholders in Utopia Limited , formulated their prescriptions for the physical setting of a future society .
William Morris , designer and socialist , wrote News from Nowhere ; Peter Kropotkin , geographer and anarchist , wrote Fields , Factories and Workshops ; and Ebenezer Howard , inventor and parliamentary shorthand writer , wrote Tomorrow : A Peaceful Path to Real Reform .
Each of these blueprints for survival was more influential than its original readers could have supposed , though less than its author would have hoped .
Morris ’s vision was totally irrelevant for the twentieth century , but his picture of a post - industrial , decentralised , state - free Britain in the twenty - first century , certainly makes sense for the new ecologically - aware generation , while any American will recognise the force of his backward glance at the future of the United States : ‘ For these lands , and , I say , especially the northern parts of America , suffered so terribly from the full force of the last days of civilisation , and became such horrible places to live in , that one may say that for nearly a hundred years the people of the northern parts of American have been engaged in gradually making a dwelling - place out of a stinking dust - heap … ’
Howard ’s legacy is of course the new towns : his immediate purpose was to mobilise voluntary initiative for the building of one demonstration model , confident that its advantages would set in motion a large - scale adoption of the idea of urban dispersal in ‘ social cities ’ , or what the TCPA calls ‘ a many - centred nexus of urban communities ’ .
Lewis Mumford notes that ‘ By now , our neotechnic and biotechnic facilities have at last caught up with Howard ’s and Kropotkin ’s intuitions .
Howard ’s plan for canalising the flow of population , diverting it from the existing centres to new centres ; his plan for decentralising industry and setting up both city and industry within a rural matrix , the whole planned to a human scale , is technologically far more feasible today than it was …
Kropotkin’s own vision of the future , with industry decentralised , and the competition for markets replaced by local production and consumption while people themselves alternate brain work and manual work , is being realised in a political climate he hardly foresaw , in China , but is equally in harmony with the programme of the ‘ Blueprint for Survival ’ :
The scattering of industries over the country – so as to bring the factory amidst the fields , to make agriculture derive all those profits which it always finds in being combined with industry and to produce a combination of industrial with agricultural work – is surely the next step to be taken …
This step is imposed by the necessity for each healthy man and woman to spend a part of their lives in manual work in the free air ; and it will be rendered the more necessary when the great social movements , which have now become unavoidable , come to disturb the present international trade , and compel each nation to revert to her own resources for her own maintenance .
The authors of the ‘ Blueprint ’ , having set out their analysis of the crisis of population , resources and environment , sketch out what they see as a necessary and desirable future for the human habitat .
They argue for decentralisation on several grounds .
Their first reason is that it would ‘ promote the social conditions in which public opinion and full public participation in decision - making become as far as possible the means whereby communities are ordered ’ .
Their second reason is that , on ecological grounds , they foresee a return to diversified farming instead of prairie - type crop - growing or factory - type livestock rearing , with production for a local market and the return of domestic sewage to the land , in the setting of ‘ a decentralised society of small communities where industries are small enough to be responsive that ‘ the decreasing autonomy of communities and local regions , and the increasing centralisation of decision - making and authority in the cumbersome bureaucracies of the state , have been accompanied by the rise of self - conscious individualism , an individualism that feels threatened unless it is harped upon ’ .
They see the accumulation of material goods as the accompaniment of this self - conscious individualism ( what others would call ‘ privatisation ’ ) and believe that the rewards of significant relationships and mutual responsibilities in a small community will provide ample compensation for the decreasing emphasis on consumption which will be essential for the conversation of resources and the minimisation of pollution .
Their final reason is that ‘ to deploy a population in small towns and villages is to reduce to the minimum its impact on the environment .
This is because the actual urban superstructure required per inhabitant goes up radically as the size of the town increases beyond a certain point . ’
Affirming that they are not proposing inward - looking , self - obsessed , or closed communities , but in fact want ‘ an efficient and sensitive communications network between all communities ’ , they conclude with the splendid declaration :
‘ We emphasise that our goal should be to create community feeling and global awareness , rather than that dangerous and sterile compromise which is nationalism . ’
But will it ever happen ?
Will this humane and essentially anarchistice vision of a workable future simply join all the other anarchical utopias of the past ?
Years ago George Orwell remarked :
If one considers the probabilities one is driven to the conclusion that anarchism implies a low standard of living .
It need not imply a hungry or uncomfortable world , but it rules out the kind of air - conditioned , chromium - plated , gadget - ridden existence which is now considered desirable and enlightened .
The processes involved in making , say , an aeroplane are so complex as to be only possible in a planned , centralised society , with all the repressive apparatus that that implies .
Unless there is some unpredictable change in human nature , liberty and efficiency must pull in opposite directions .
This , from Orwell ’s point of view ( he was not a lover of luxury ) is not in itself a criticism of anarchism , and he is certainly right in thinking that an anarchist society would never build Concorde or land men on the moon .
But were either of these technological triumphs efficient in terms of the resources poured into them and the results for the ordinary inhabitant of this planet ?
Size and resources are to the technologist what power is to the politician : he can never have too much of them .
A different kind of society , with different priorities , would evolve a different technology : its bases already exist and in terms of the tasks to be performed it would be far more ‘ efficient ’ than either Western capitalism of Soviet state - capitalism .
Not only technology but also economics would have to be redefined .
As Kropotkin envisaged it : ‘ Political economy tends more and more to become a science devoted to the study of the needs of men and of the means of satisfying them with the least possible waste of energy , – it is , a sort of physiology of society . ’
But it is not in the least likely that states and governments , in either the rich or the poor worlds will , of their own volition , embark on the drastic change of direction which a consideration of our probably future demands .
Necessity may reduce the rate of resource - consumption but the powerful and privileged will hang on to their share – both within nations and between nations .
Power and privilege have never been known to abdicate .
This is why anarchism is bound to be a call to revolution .
But what kind of revolution ?
Nothing has been said in this book about the two great irrelevancies of discussion about anarchism : the false antitheses between violence and nonviolence and between revolution and reform .
The most violent institution in our society is the state and its reacts violently to efforts to take away its power .
( ‘ As Malatesta used to say , you try to do your thing and they intervene , and then you are to blame for the fight that happens . ’
Does this mean that the effort should not be made ?
A distinction has to be made between the violence of the oppressor and the resistance of the oppressed .
Similarly , there is a distinction not between revolution and reform but on the one hand between the kind of revolution which installs a different gang of rulers or the kind of reform which makes oppression more palatable or more efficient , and on the other those social changes , whether revolutionary or reformist , through which people enlarge their autonomy and reduce their subjection to external authority .
Anarchism in all its guises is an assertion of human dignity and responsibility .
It is not a programme for political change but an act of social self - determination .
Well , we knew this was going to happen .
With a high user engagement and a massive userbase build up , Facebook has just slipped pass through Yahoo to become the no.2 most popular website in the U.S. Latest data from Compete.com shows that Facebook is not only raking up userbase but user engagement as well as it had 133 million unique visitors last month .
Yahoo ’s unique visitors were pegged at 132 million , while Google still sit on top .
The data do n’t include visitors from Yahoo.com ’s subdomains and sub-sites while this does not apply to Facebook since it only have one main domain .
Now here ’s another interesting point .
While Facebook continues to surge ahead in terms of popularity , it is also raking up some statistics when it comes to monthly user engagement or attention .
In January , 11.6 % of all time spent online was spent on Facebook while only 4.25 % for Yahoo and 4.1 % for Google .
Site eyeballs have been Google ’s perennial problem since although it manages to get more site visits , user engagement on the site continuous to slide down through the years .
But who knows , maybe with Buzz , Google may be getting those much needed user engagement / attention this month .
If not , then it will only be a matter of time before Facebook possibly steals the number one spot from Google in terms of site popularity in the U.S .
By Josh Tyler | 11 years ago
Ghostbusters 3 has been lusted after since the second one nearly two decades ago .
Lately there seems to be the will to get it done , but the project continues sputtering around in development hell with Dan Akyroyd declaring that he ’s already tuning up Ecto 1 and on the other side crotchety Bill Murray insistant that it ’ll never get done .
But Bill , we need it to get done .
The world needs Ghostbusters 3 and I ’m here to tell you why .
Science is in trouble .
On film our heroes are underage douche bags who befriend robots or children with mystical powers or worse , vapid bimbos who lust after fangless vampires .
Peter Parker the awkward but brilliant student from the comics has been replaced by Peter Parker that emo kid who whines about relationships .
Batman is still a detective , but he steals all his best gadgets from the hapless , underpaid inventors in his mega - corporation ’s cellar .
Indiana Jones , former man of science , hides inside a fridge to escape a nuclear explosion .
Wolverine is a product of science , but he ’d like the scientists who did it dead and spends most of the time trying to stab anyone who knows how to use a particle accelerator .
Dr. Robert Langdon wastes his degrees solving cases to help shore up fervent religious belief in the corrupt Catholic Church .
Star Wars has turned into a religion in which people worship microscopic aliens .
Watching Jesus being beat to death by Mel Gibson ’s camera was a moviegoing event of unparalleled scale and the less said about The Chronicles of Narnia ’s Christ obsession the better .
In WALL - E it was science that made everyone fat and in The Matrix we ’re all just batteries plugged into science ’s mechanical menace .
Paranormal Activity is the number one movie at the box office this weekend because it makes a world full of mysticism and evil spirits seem like reality , a reality beyond our control .
Out in the real world it ’s much the same .
Our last president was afraid of witches and I ’m pretty he sure came up with his foreign policy after watching The Exorcist .
More recently , doctors ca n’t get people to take needed vaccinations because they prefer conspiracy theories to cold hard fact .
Bill Nye The Science Guy got booed in Waco for telling people that the Moon reflects sunlight and our kids do n’t know if they evolved from monkeys or simply burst into being one afternoon when Jehovah got tired of watching Married with Children reruns .
Science has long stopped being cool and skepticism is now regarded with , well , skepticism .
Even with the environment crumbling and the world collapsing , no one wants to be one of those nerdy lab coat dudes who , incidentally , might be able to fix it all .
Unemployment may be on the rise but American companies can’t hire enough brainpower to keep afloat .
People would rather work at McDonalds than learn physics .
Ghostbusters 3 could change all of that .
Twenty years ago science was n’t in trouble .
“ Back off , I ’m a scientist ! ” shouted Peter Venkman .
Ghostbusters was a product of a brighter time ; a time when science trumped everything and where , occasionally , being smart meant getting the girl .
It ’s a movie which is , quite simply , about science kicking the supernatural ’s ass .
We ai n’t afraid of no ghosts because we ’ll blast them to bits with proton packs strapped to our back and loaded for bear .
The unknown was just a speed bump which could , with enough brain power , be crushed into submission and be forced to drive our public transportation or animate national landmarks for our amusement .
Scientists were rock stars like Ian Malcolm or poon hounds like the aforementioned Venkman .
Kids used science to create supermodel slaves and adults used it to soup up exotic sports cars and travel back in time .
Mysticism and ghostly obsessions have had their fun , now it ’s time for science to step in , cross streams , and blast these supernatural apparitions back into the past where they belong .
We ’re drowning in ghosts .
Who you gonna call ?
Might I suggest the Ghostbusters ?
They take on the supernatural with brains and brawn .
They ’re the antidote we need to a growing pop cultural environment of fear and mysticism and they have a catchy theme song .
Americans are n’t likely to listen to the sales pitch of actual scientists , we ca n’t even get everyone on board with this whole global warming thing .
But we ’ll all hum along to that Ghostbusters song and in a subtle way , movies like it can influence the way we all think about the world around us .
Got a problem ?
We can solve it without a spirit medium or by handing over our children to priests for molestation .
All you need is a couple of scientists and a proton pack .
Parks and Recreation Leslie Knope , a mid-level bureaucrat in an Indiana Parks and Recreation Department , hopes to beautify her town ( and boost her own career ) by helping local nurse Ann Perkins turn an abandoned construction site into a community park , but what should be a fairly simple project is stymied at every turn by oafish bureaucrats , selfish neighbors , governmental red tape and a myriad of other challenges .
Leslie 's colleague , Tom Haverford , who delights in exploiting his position for personal gain , is as likely to undermine her efforts as to help her , while her boss , Ron Swanson , is adamantly opposed to government in any form , even though he 's a bureaucrat himself .
Stupak says Republicans are just trying to keep Americans from affordable health care .
Stupak called ' baby killer ' in House
A health care debate marked by episodes of ugly rhetoric took another turn for the worse late Sunday night when a voice on the Republican side of the House shouted “ baby killer ” at Rep. Bart Stupak .
Stupak – a leader among anti-abortion Democrats – was speaking at the time in opposition to a Republican motion to recommit that would have added the text of the so - called Stupak Amendment to the Democrats ’ reconciliation bill .
Advertisement
Reporters in the House chamber said the “ baby killer ” shout seemed to come from a group of lawmakers that included Rep. John Campbell ( R - Calif . ) , but he said it was n’t him .
“ I do n't think it ’s appropriate at all , " Campbell told POLITICO .
Campbell said the voice came from the floor – from someone who was behind him and to the left .
" Some people know who it is but wo n't say , ” he added .
Later , he told reporters that he thought the voice belonged to one of the Texas Republicans seated behind him .
" The people who know wo n't give it up , " he told reporters .
" I 'm not casting dispersions on that state . "
Texas Republican Rep. Joe Barton said he heard the shout but would n't say who was responsible .
" I can make a guess , " Barton told reporters .
House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey ( D - Wis. ) , who was in the chair at the time , said he saw a Republican lawmaker shout out “ baby killer ” – but he would n’t say who it was , either .
" I think members have a right to make an idiot of themselves once without being exposed , " he said .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) , who was subjected to an anti-gay epithet from a protestor Saturday , said the " baby killer " shout showed the close alignment between the GOP and some of its most extreme allies in the health care fight .
" The difference between some of the Republicans and some of their raucous followers appears to be , unfortunately , diminishing , " Frank said .
" Obviously , that 's not the whole party , but there 's a disturbing tendency to forget about civility . "
Republican Reps. Michele Bachmann and Tom Price said they believed the voice came from the gallery and not from a lawmaker .
Price declined to say whether the comment was inappropriate .
But Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King – not known to mince words in attacking the Democrats – said he did n’t approve of the “ baby killer ” shout .
“ There are a lot of other words I would ’ve used – not that , ” he said .
Kasie Hunt contributed to this story .
WASHINGTON 
The federal government plans to spend $ 2.2 billion to clean up pollution in the Great Lakes and halt the spread of invasive species over the next five years .
That plan , announced Sunday , marks a " significant investment " in fighting some of the biggest environmental threats to the nation 's largest freshwater lakes , Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson said .
The EPA will use the money to prevent beach pollution , clean up toxic hot spots , and fight Asian carp and other invasive species .
That effort " will leave the Great Lakes better for the next generation than the condition in which we inherited them , " Jackson said .
WILDLIFE OFFICIALS : Invasive carp threatens Great Lakes ASIAN CARP ADVANCE :
Feds pass on surest battle solution The Great Lakes — spanning from Minnesota to New York — have faced environmental threats for decades , ranging from a legacy of industrial pollution to disappearing wetlands and invasive species that threaten local fish populations .
State and federal agencies have attempted in the past to fix some of those problems , though most of the efforts have been modest .
" We 're on track today to do something the Great Lakes have been crying out for for years , and that 's comprehensive restoration , " said Joel Brammeier , president of the Alliance for the Great Lakes .
Among the EPA 's priorities is cleaning up long - polluted sections of the lakes .
In the 1980s , the U.S. and Canadian governments identified 31 toxic hot spots on the U.S. side ; since then , only one has been fully cleaned up .
The EPA now plans to finish work at four others by 2014 , though spokesman Brendan Gilfillan said the agency has n't figured out which .
The plan also takes a " zero tolerance " approach to invasive species such as Asian carp , which could crowd out native fish and imperil the Great Lakes fishing industry if they reach Lake Michigan .
Congress has approved $ 475 million for the Great Lakes cleanup plan , though Jackson said little of the money has been spent .
President Obama asked Congress for $ 300 million this year , and Jackson said he will seek even more in the years ahead .
The EPA 's plan announced Sunday will determine how the money is spent .
Jackson announced the plan at a meeting of the nation 's governors .
Wisconsin Gov. Jim Doyle , a Democrat , called the cleanup " extraordinarily important . "
Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , a Democrat , said it will " leave these bodies of water improved and protected . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
" I am chaotic and lazy "
Interview by Maik Grossekathöfer
SPIEGEL : Mr Carlsen , what is your IQ ?
Carlsen : I have no idea .
I would n’t want to know it anyway .
It might turn out to be a nasty surprise .
SPIEGEL : Why ?
You are 19 years old and ranked the number one chess player in the world .
You must be incredibly clever .
Carlsen :
And that ’s precisely what would be terrible .
Of course it is important for a chess player to be able to concentrate well , but being too intelligent can also be a burden .
It can get in your way .
I am convinced that the reason the Englishman John Nunn never became world champion is that he is too clever for that .
SPIEGEL : How that ?
Carlsen :
At the age of 15 , Nunn started studying mathematics in Oxford ; he was the youngest student in the last 500 years , and at 23 he did a PhD in algebraic topology .
He has so incredibly much in his head .
Simply too much .
His enormous powers of understanding and his constant thirst for knowledge distracted him from chess .
SPIEGEL : Things are different in your case ?
Carlsen : Right .
I am a totally normal guy .
My father is considerably more intelligent than I am .
SPIEGEL : Aha .
How many moves can you calculate ahead ?
Carlsen :
That depends on the game situation .
Sometimes 15 to 20 .
But the trick is to correctly assess the position at the end of the calculation .
SPIEGEL : You became a grandmaster at the age of 13 years , four months and 27 days ; and there has never been a younger number one than you before .
What is that due to , if not to your intelligence ?
Carlsen : I ’m not saying that I am totally stupid .
But my success mainly has to do with the fact that I had the opportunity to learn more , more quickly .
It has become easier to get hold of information .
The players from the Soviet Union used to be at a huge advantage ; in Moscow they had access to vast archives , with countless games carefully recorded on index cards .
Nowadays anyone can buy this data on DVD for 150 euros ; one disk holds 4.5 million games .
There are also more books than there used to be .
And then of course I started working with a computer earlier than Vladimir Kramnik or Viswanathan Anand .
SPIEGEL : When exactly ?
Carlsen : I was eleven or twelve .
I used the computer to prepare for tournaments , and I played on the Internet .
Nowadays , children start using a computer at an even earlier age ; they are already learning the rules on screen .
In that sense I am already old - fashioned .
Technological progress leads to younger and younger top players , everywhere in the world .
SPIEGEL : Is being young an advantage in modern chess ?
Carlsen :
As a young player you have a lot of energy , a lot of strength , you are very motivated .
But young players are often not good at defending a position ; they cannot cope well when fate turns against them .
The fact is simply that experience is a central issue .
One of the most important things in chess is pattern recognition : the ability to recognise typical themes and images on the board , characteristics of a position and their consequences .
To a certain degree you can learn that while training , but there is nothing like playing routine .
I have always made sure to get that .
I am only 19 , but I have certainly already played a thousand games in the classic style .
SPIEGEL : When did you start playing chess ?
Carlsen : I must have been five and a half or six years old .
My father taught my oldest sister , Ellen , and me the rules .
Unlike Ellen , I was not particularly interested ; I was bad and soon stopped again .
It was not until I was eight that I started occupying myself with chess again .
SPIEGEL : What exactly did you do ?
Carlsen : I took a board and recapitulated games for myself which my father showed me at the time .
Why was this or that move made ?
I discovered the secrets of the game for myself .
It was fascinating .
Then , after a few months , I also read books about openings .
SPIEGEL : Where did this enthusiasm for chess come from all of a sudden ?
Carlsen : I do n’t know .
No more than I can tell you why I wanted to do 50 - piece jigsaw puzzles when I was not even two years old .
Why did I want to know all the common car makes at the age of two and a half ?
Why did I read books about geography at the age of five ?
I do n’t know why I learnt all the countries of the world off by heart , including their capitals and populations .
Chess was probably just another pastime .
SPIEGEL : There was no crucial experience ?
Carlsen : I saw Ellen , my sister , playing .
I think I wanted to beat her at it .
SPIEGEL : And ?
Carlsen :
After the game she did n’t touch a board again for four years .
SPIEGEL : When did you start playing tournaments ?
Carlsen : A little later .
My father said , if I trained a bit more I could perhaps take part in the Norwegian championships of the under 11s .
I thought to myself :
Oh , that might be fun .
My result was okay .
I won the tournament the following year .
SPIEGEL : Your father is an ambitious club player .
When did you first defeat him ?
Carlsen : Just before my ninth birthday , in a game of lightning chess .
SPIEGEL : You later attended a sports school .
Did the ice hockey players , handball players and cyclists there tease you ?
Carlsen : Look over there , the chess freak ?
No , that did n‘t happen .
Quite the contrary .
Last summer they voted me pupil of the year .
SPIEGEL : In your chess class , were you trained as systematically as the former Russian child prodigies ?
Carlsen : No . I ’m not a disciplined thinker .
Organisation is not my thing ; I am chaotic and tend to be lazy .
My trainer recognised that and as a rule allowed me to practise whatever I felt like at the time .
SPIEGEL : You are a sloppy genius ?
Carlsen : I ’m not a genius .
Sloppy ?
Perhaps .
It ’s like this :
When I am feeling good , I train a lot .
When I feel bad , I do n’t bother .
I do n’t enjoy working to a timetable .
Systematic learning would kill me .
SPIEGEL : How were you able to stand maths lessons then ?
Carlsen :
When I was 13 , my parents took me out of school for a year .
They travelled around the world with me and my sisters , and on the way they taught us .
That was fantastic , much more effective than sitting in school .
I do understand that it is a problem for a teacher having to look after 30 pupils .
But the slow speed was quite frustrating for me .
I did n’t miss school at all .
SPIEGEL : Which countries did you visit ?
Carlsen :
We travelled by car to Austria , Montenegro , Greece , Italy and Hungary .
The countries in the East are poorer than I thought , by the way .
In Rome I visited St. Peter ’s Basilica and saw a football match at the Olympic Stadium .
Wonderful .
When we were in Moscow , my mother and my sisters went to the Bolshoi Theatre , I did n’t .
SPIEGEL : Why not ?
Carlsen : I ask you , ballet !
That ’s boring .
I sat down in an Internet café and played chess on the Web .
Later we were Dubai , that ’s where I fulfilled the last norm that was necessary to become a grandmaster .
And in Lybia I played the world championships .
SPIEGEL : For a long time you were the hunter in chess ; now that you are the number one , you are the hunted .
Do you notice that ?
Carlsen : Certainly .
The pressure has increased , everyone wants to beat me .
I also notice a growing responsibility for having to structure the game , because my opponents refuse to do so .
They are more cautious than they were just a year ago .
SPIEGEL : How do you deal with that ?
Carlsen : Without any problems so far .
I still sleep soundly and long .
I feel sorry for players who are always lying awake at night , brooding over their games .
Some colleagues literally become depressive during a long tournament .
I enjoy playing squash or tennis to switch off ; I watch television series on DVD .
SPIEGEL : We hear that you know the first three seasons of “ Dr. House ” by heart .
Carlsen :
It ca n’t be three .
I ’ve only seen two of them .
SPIEGEL : During tournaments you sometimes stay in a bleak hotel for weeks .
You are 19 years old – you don`t have the impression to miss your youth ?
Carlsen : No .
SPIEGEL : Do you go out for a drink at night too sometimes ?
Carlsen : Rarely .
I prefer to chat with friends on the Internet or play poker online .
SPIEGEL : For money ?
Carlsen : Of course .
For what else ?
SPIEGEL : Do you win ?
Carlsen :
If I take a game seriously , I do .
If not , I sometimes lose .
But that does n’t matter .
What is important is that I have a life beyond chess .
SPIEGEL : Why ?
Carlsen : Chess should not become an obsession .
Otherwise there ’s a danger that you will slide off into a parallel world , that you lose your sense of reality , get lost in the infinite cosmos of the game .
You become crazy .
I make sure that I have enough time between tournaments to go home in order to do other things .
I like hiking and skiing , and I play football in a club .
SPIEGEL : Do you have a favourite club ?
Carlsen : Real Madrid , the royals .
SPIEGEL : Many football players use music to get in the mood before a game .
Do you do that too before sitting down in front of the board ?
Carlsen :
Oh , yes .
If I am feeling gloomy before a game , I listen to gloomy music .
SPIEGEL : Such as ?
Carlsen :
You probably wo n’t know it , a song by Lil Jon .
A silly rap song , but it does me good , I loosen up .
I listen to music on the Internet , but don`t download any songs .
It ’s all totally legal .
Many people may find that boring , but I think it is important .
SPIEGEL : For a year now you have been working with Garry Kasparov , who is probably the best chess player of all time .
What form does your cooperation take ?
Kasparov is the teacher , you the pupil ?
Carlsen : No .
In terms of our playing skills we are not that far apart .
There are many things I am better at than he is .
And vice versa .
Kasparov can calculate more alternatives , whereas my intuition is better .
I immediately know how to rate a situation and what plan is necessary .
I am clearly superior to him in that respect .
SPIEGEL : How is he useful to you ?
Carlsen :
He still has loads of unused ideas for openings .
And the fact that he has played against most of my opponents himself is invaluable .
He senses what mood they are in , how they will open the game .
I ca n’t do that .
SPIEGEL : How long do you want to work with him ?
Carlsen :
The cooperation has now entered its next natural stage .
We reached our goal of becoming the number one considerably ahead of schedule .
With that a major goal had been reached .
We decided that in the future I should be responsible for all career decisions , without constant guidance from Garry , before and during events .
SPIEGEL : You split up ?
Carlsen : No .
We remain in contact and I have the opportunity to confer with Garry regularly .
I will also attend training sessions with him .
I want to stress : the last 12 months have been of immense value to me , and I continue to listen to Garry ‘s advice .
SPIEGEL : Viswanthan Anand , the current world champion , is worried that you will dominate the scene for years to come .
He thinks it is time you met a girl at last .
How is that going ?
Carlsen : I get a certain amount of fan mail from younger women .
SPIEGEL : Do you answer it ?
Carlsen :
It depends .
SPIEGEL : On what ?
Carlsen :
That is private and confidential .
SPIEGEL : Mr Carlsen , thank you for this interview .
Copyright Spiegel –
reproduced with kind permission
reproduced with kind permission Der Spiegel Online ( English )
Previous Spiegel chess stories
There is a difference between lying and not telling ALL of the truth .
Selective editing isnt lying , its " spin " .
Lying wont ever go away but personally , I find it too time consuming .
How can people track all the crap they spew and worse yet , they often start believing it themsleves .
Better to not lie ; you dont have to try and cover it later .
I am lazy , therefore I am honest .
Its just easier .
So the appeal against Thomas Vermaelen ’s sending off against West Ham has failed .
It is not a surprise that the Football Association have backed their officials on Saturday , but it will be interesting to see what fixtures Mr Halfwayline and his hallucinating assistant are rewarded with in the coming weeks .
The enforcement of the one match suspension is being touted as a good thing , meaning the Belgian gets a proper rest before facing Barcelona at the Grove next Wednesday .
I ’m not of that persuasion .
On Saturday we face game seven of the thirteen consecutive wins we believe we need to land the Premiership .
We know full well that Birmingham City will provide a robust test of our credentials .
In January Manchester United needed an own goal to salvage a point from a 1 - 1 draw at St Andrews .
On Boxing Day Chelsea could not score there and also came away with just a point .
The hosts have n’t lost at home since September .
I would very much have liked to see Vermaelen available for the trip .
Let us separate this game from Barcelona .
Let us separate the Premiership from the Champions League .
Winning the domestic title is the greatest measure of the team ’s consistency over the course of the season , and I am hugely against not going with our strongest available line - up on Saturday .
So I am a little concerned at the interpretation being placed on Arsene ’s comments in the post West Ham press conference .
Talking of Sol Campbell , he said
“ I think I have to give him a week holiday next week , to help him to recover . ”
That has been represented as him ruling Sol out of the Birmingham game to be fit for Barca .
A pairing of Alex Song and Mikael Silvestre is being proposed , presumably on the basis that we are ‘ only ’ playing Birmingham .
Apart from those two results above , ‘ only ’ Birmingham also drew away to Liverpool , and at home with Manchester City and Tottenham .
Oh yes , it ’s ‘ only ’ Birmingham .
Anybody care to remember where our last title challenge went belly end up ?
Oh yes , ‘ only ’ Birmingham .
I want to us to beat them so badly to exorcise some of the demons of that day , but most of all I want us to beat them because I want us to land the Premiership title this season .
Now Thomas Vermaelen will be back for Barca .
If Sol is worn out from his weekend exertions the boss can just make the one change for the Champions League .
If that means leaving Alex Song at the back , then so be it .
If the boss decides he needs Song in midfield then Mikael Silvestre can demonstrate at long last that he can cut the mustard for us at the highest level .
For goodness sake though , do not go to Brum with an untried pairing of a stand - in and our fifth choice centre - half .
Campbell and Song looked fine for half a game last Saturday .
For one more game we need to see them together .
I know Birmingham do n’t have a Messi , but they still have payers who could give the wrong partnership an absolute nightmare .
It ’s a risk not worth taking .
March 8 , 2010
School districts trying hard to stretch budget dollars are implementing four - day weeks , and the trend may very likely spread to colleges and workplaces .
The Wall Street Journal reports that according to the Education Commission of the States , more than 100 school districts in at least 17 states currently use the four - day system , and dozens more are considering doing the same .
While education experts have expressed concern about the long - term effects of reduced learning hours , schools are saying that the step is necessary to avoid further teacher layoffs .
" We 've repeatedly asked our residents to pay higher taxes , cut some of our staff , and we may even close one of our schools , " noted Deb Henton , superintendant in North Branch , Minnesota , who was quoted in the Journal .
The district is planning to adopt a four - day school week next year , because , she said , " What else can you really do ? "
Similarly , the Atlanta Journal - Constitution reports that the Haralson County school board is gauging public support for a four - day school week or a 160 - day school year .
" We 'll be in big trouble next year , " noted Kersha Cartwright , school system spokeswoman , " if we do n't look at cutting somewhere else . "
The Wall Street Journal notes that in Peach County , Georgia , school officials saved over $ 200,000 last semester by implementing a four - day week .
The money saved will help make up for a $ 1 million shortfall in the district 's $ 30 million annual budget .
But others fear that the change will cost students dearly in other ways .
" There 's no way a switch like that would n't negatively affect teaching and learning , " said Tim Callahan , spokesman for the Professional Association of Georgia Educators , who was quoted in the Journal .
Some community colleges are trying out four - day weeks as well .
The Times Daily in Alabama reports that Calhoun Community College and Wallace State Community College in Hanceville saved over $ 50,000 by implementing four - day weeks .
Northwest - Shoals Community College , meanwhile , will experiment with the same idea for their upcoming summer semester .
Glenda Colagross , vice president for instruction at Northwest - Shoals , told the Times Daily that faculty will still be expected to work 35 hours .
Staff will also work 40 hours over four days instead of five .
" We 're all trying different things now to see what will help us save a little money , " she explained .
As the trend becomes more popular , the four - day week may not be limited to schools .
WDBO in Florida reports that a tax watchdog group has recommended shortening the regular work week to four days to help save money .
The plan , which would call for 10 hours of work for four days per week , would probably save about $ 5 million annually , said Harvey Bennett of Florida TaxWatch .
Compiled by Yaffa Klugerman
If all had gone as planned , people might still be regaling each other with tales from FOX - Mas 2009 , " the one and only Christmas - themed furry convention . "
Unfortunately , the organizers ran into some snags , namely " the Something Awful write - up and their representation of what furries are . "
The SA Forum Goons have decided to take another shot at representing what furries are , this time depicting them artistically !
And cry not for the FOX - mas furries , because they still gathered 36 strong to drink blueberry vodka and dance to dubstep in a carpeted garage !
A.B.C.D.
rubbe
Queen Caucus
The Worst Unicorn
ANNOUNCE : haskell - platform on MacPorts
Hi ,
The haskell - platform , version 2009.2.0.2 , is now available from MacPorts .
For those unfamiliar with MacPorts , it a build - from - source system for OS X similar to the port system used in BSD distributions .
More information is available from http://macports.org.
Once MacPorts is installed , you can build the haskell platform by typing > sudo port install haskell - platform
On a reasonably fast MacBook , this takes an hour and a half to two hours .
If you want to watch the excitement scroll past , try > sudo port -d install haskell - platform
The platform contains an updated port of ghc - 6.10.4 which now builds automagically on 32 and 64 bit Snow Leopard .
( It can also be forced to build 32 bit on a 64 bit Snow Leopard by setting the " build_arch " variable to i386 in the macports .
conf file . )
The 64 bit port was cribbed from the excellent work of Barney Stratford for fink .
Thanks as well to Marco Comini , Tom Hutchinson , Ian Lynagh , John Peterson , Ryan Schmidt and Falk Schramm for their help .
Best Wishes , Greg Wright -- Gregory Wright Antiope Associates LLC 18 Clay Street Fair Haven , New Jersey 07704 USA gwright at antiope.com +1 ( 732 ) 924-4549 +1 ( 732 ) 345-8378 [ fax ]
Fred Phelps ‘ Westboro Baptist Church was set to descend upon Dutchtown High School in Louisiana Thursday night because they were staging a production of “ The Laramie Project . ”
Instead , 500 counter - protesters made a stand and Westboro was nowhere to be found 🙂
My friend Doug Stewart was there and took some great pics ( click to expand ) .
He also brought along a few amusing signs of his own .
What was most amazing was n’t merely the number of ( mostly student ) anti-protesters , but the sense of enjoyment , fun and frivolity that their signs portrayed .
I applaud the brilliance of counteracting the hateful and nonsensical signs of “ Fags Die , God Laughs , ” “ God Hates America , ” “ 9 - 11 Gift from God , ” “ God Blew Up the Shuttle , ” and “ Pray for More Dead Soldiers , ” with equally nonsensical but hilarious signs such as , “ God Hates Signs , ” “ God Hates Homework , ” “ God is Lady Gaga , ” “ God Hates Fat Free Mayonnaise , ” and “ I was Promised Donuts . ”
Doug also adds one important comment about the Christians in the group :
… Many of the anti-protesters did n’t get the point .
Signs such as “ God Bless Our Soldiers ” … and “ Love God , Love Your Neighbor ” legitimize the Westboro message as there ’s just as much evidence for “ God is Love ” as there is for “ God Hates Fags . ”
It ’s one thing to combat Westboro craziness with tongue - in - cheek silliness to lessen their threat and credibility .
But do you think Doug has a point that the anti-Westboro Christians give cover to the Westboro people by appealing to the same god ?
See Editor ’s Note Introducing this Feature
On the heels of the Copenhagen climate talks – whose scant accomplishments reveal that climate change science may be no match for international politics – the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) finds itself in a scientific controversy of its own making .
The IPCC Fourth Assessment Report ’s malformed paragraph on Himalayan glacier melt has prompted intense , and warranted , criticism of the IPCC review process .
This criticism has come not only from climate science skeptics or contrarians .
It ’s generally clear that the ungrammatical , internally contradictory two sentences – which reproduce errors found in improperly cited sources – should n’t have made it into the first draft of the report , much less the final .
The IPCC now has recanted the paragraph in question .
Though the widely quoted claims were in print for nearly three years , the IPCC ’s admission does indicate that scientific errors can be publicly identified and corrected .
But the errors do n’t end – or begin – with the IPCC report .
A careful look shows a complex set of conflations and misquotations begun by some science journalists more than a decade ago , transmitted and compounded by members of the IPCC Working Group II writing team , and hopelessly muddled by hasty , confused press coverage .
As Though A Pervasive Curse Haunts Accurate Coverage
Dozens of articles and analyses of this situation , whether dashed - off blog posts or New York Times coverage , exhibit a curious consistency .
Not a single article or analysis appears to include all relevant issues without introducing at least one substantial error .
It ’s as though the original documents contained a curse which has spread to infect every commentator and reporter .
The curse seems to stem from not reading sources carefully ( or at all ) , which , ironically , was the IPCC Working Group II ’s central failing , and also a major issue in the documents that were the basis of the defective paragraph .
For a good , brief , but cursed summary of these events , see Canadian geographer Graham Cogley ’s letter to Science .
Cogley , who was an important early investigator of this issue , gets a lot right , but – the curse !
– he does not mention that an Indian environmental magazine was likely the source that the IPCC copied and pasted .
Having identified “ the curse , ” one runs the risk of falling prey to it .
The authors here vow to respond quickly to correct any error in this account .
Considering the sources carefully and in context clarifies some aspects of the story and complicates others .
An extended investigation of this controversy leads to a more nuanced understanding of the tremendous – and frequently unacknowledged – challenges of reading and reproducing electronic information in our globalized world .
Heightened awareness of these fault - lines may enhance the ability of scientists , policymakers , and journalists to communicate about climate change .
This analysis also reveals that IPCC scientists and science journalists can learn from each others ’ best practices .
Indeed , such cross-pollination could play a vital role in strengthening both communities .
The Defective Paragraph and its Foundational Errors
Here is the relevant paragraph from the IPCC report :
Glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world ( see Table 10.9 ) and , if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high if the Earth keeps warming at the current rate .
Its [ sic ] total area will likely shrink from the present 500,000 to 100,000 km2 by the year 2035 ( WWF , 2005 ) .
Media coverage has focused largely on the lack of scientific support for these claims .
But three major errors can be spotted immediately , without consulting the IPCC ’s sources :
1 . The first sentence predicts disappearance ( a 100 percent loss ) by 2035 .
The next sentence predicts an 80 percent loss .
Nonetheless , the first prediction is made using more confident language .
2 . The second sentence begins with “ Its , ” ungrammatical if it is referring to “ glaciers ” and unclear otherwise .
It ’s as if the two sentences were simply copied and pasted from different sources .
3 . The approximate area of the Himalayan glaciers is 33,000 km2 , so the 500,000 km2 starting figure in the second sentence is off by a factor of 15 , and the decreased area predicted in 2035 – 100,000 km2 – is three times greater than the current Himalayan glacier area .
David Saltz , an IPCC reviewer , spotted the first two errors before publication ( as discussed below ) , but they were not corrected .
The third error has been under - discussed .
But where did it come from ?
Quick source checking reveals that the 500,000 km2 claim does not appear in the WWF report , discussed below , which the IPCC cites .
A more elaborate search reveals that the sentence originated in V.M. Kotlyakov ’s paper Variations of Snow and Ice in the past and at present on a Global and Regional Scale ( published in 1996 but apparently written in 1991 ) , which states :
The extrapolar glaciation of the Earth will be decaying at rapid , catastrophic rates – its total area will shrink from 500,000 to 100,000 km2 by the year 2350 .
As numerous sources have pointed out , Kotlyakov was referring to all extrapolar glaciers , and suggesting that they would decline by the year 2350 , not 2035 .
Climate Science
Watch succinctly shows how this error – indeed , how the whole IPCC paragraph – reproduced two fundamental errors introduced in “ Glaciers Beating Retreat , ” Mridula Chettri ’s April 30 , 1999 , article for the reputable Indian environmental magazine Down to Earth .
Climate Science Watch republished Chettri ’s paragraph and highlighted the identical IPCC text in bold .
However – the curse again !
– it neglected to bold a key phrase .
We have underlined what it should have bolded .
Chettri ’s article , which , again , is from Down to Earth magazine , April 30 , 1999 , reads :
Glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world and , if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 is very high , ” says the International Commission for Snow and Ice ( ICSI ) in its recent study on Asian glaciers .
“ But if the Earth keeps getting warmer at the current rate , it might happen much sooner , ” says Syed Iqbal Hasnain of the School of Environmental Sciences , Jawaharlal Nehru University , New Delhi .
Hasnain is also the chairperson of the Working Group on Himalayan Glaciology ( WGHG ) , constituted in 1995 by the ICSI .
The glacier will be decaying at rapid , catastrophic rates .
Its total area will shrink from the present 500,000 to 100,000 square km by the year 2035 , ” says former ICSI president V M Kotlyakov in the report Variations of snow and ice in the past and present on a global and regional scale ( see table : Receding rivers of ice ) .
Chettri ’s writing gives the impression that she is quoting Syed Iqbal Hasnain and the ICSI separately .
But Hasnain was not just the chairperson of the WGHG , as Chettri notes : he also was the sole credited author of the ICSI report she mentions .
One source has been split into two .
The report does not contain anything resembling the quotation that Chettri pulls from it .
Moreover , it was never published , suggesting that Chettri credited to the report something she thought she heard in the interview with Hasnain .
The report was apparently scanned and put online by glaciologist Georg Kaser at the request of Graham Cogley , the Canadian geographer mentioned above .
( According to metadata in the PDF , it was scanned on 11/23/2009 . )
Kaser , a lead author for IPCC Working Group I , says he alerted the IPCC about the erroneous paragraph in 2006 , before the Fourth Assessment Report was published .
Left unclear is why WG II was consulting popular science magazines instead of top IPCC glaciologists ?
Working Group I chapter 4.5 , for example , contains detailed documentation on world - wide glacier melt .
It is unclear where Chettri got the “ Receding rivers of ice ” table for her article in Down to Earth ( see below ) .
No such table appears in Kotlyakov ’s 1996 paper , and although Table I in Hasnain ’s unpublished 1999 paper has the same goal – indicating the speed of glacier melt – it is substantially different .
Of the eight glaciers mentioned by Chettri , only one ( Ponting Glacier ) has the same dates and retreat figures as in Hasnain .
The other glaciers either do not appear at all or appear with different dates or figures .
Chettri gives no source for her data , and she clearly did not simply just mechanically copy from Hasnain ’s unpublished paper or rounding his figures : for example , Pindari Glacier is given a retreat of 2,840 meters in Chettri and 3,000 in Hasnain over the same time period .
Hasnain also mentions several glacier studies that Chettri does not .
However , the IPCC authors seem to have directly copied Chettri ’s table from the Down to Earth magazine article .
Compare Chettri ’s table to Table 10.9 in IPCC Section 10.6.2 :
The IPCC ’s table is almost identical to Chettri ’s – a fact which has been largely missed in the discussion so far .
The glacier names , the headings ( except for capitalization ) , the dates , the figures , and even the ( arbitrary ) order are the same , with only one exception : a second study on Gangotri Glacier has been added .
This study is credited in the IPCC text as Hasnain ( 2002 ) .
As mentioned above , the final version of the IPCC document also cites a 2005 WWF report .
The WWF report has been intensely discussed since this mistake became clear .
Its Table 7 ( on page 32 ) , however , is quite different from the IPCC’s .
It does not include total retreat figures , only average retreats per year .
To its credit , it also includes sources for each claim .
All but two glacier studies in the WWF report either have different dates in the IPCC table or do not appear at all .
Small details confirm the difference : the WWF spells Bara Shigri as Bada Shigri ( both transliterations from Hindi are permissible ) , and puts a hyphen in Chota - Shigri .
The only data identical in both tables is Hasnain ’s 1985 - 2001 study of Gangotri , although the WWF cites a 2004 paper , not the 2002 paper mentioned by IPCC .
More strikingly , the IPCC table contains a simple mathematical error found also in the Down to Earth article , but not in the WWF report .
This error is like a radioactive tracer back to Chettri ’s article , as it could not likely have been made twice .
The 1845 to 1966 Pindari Glacier study appears in all three tables , but only the WWF report correctly divides the 2,840 - meter retreat by 121 years to arrive at the actual yearly rate of 23 meters .
Both the Down to Earth and IPCC tables divide 2,840 by 21 years instead of 121 , leading to an incorrect , much faster retreat rate of 135 meters per year .
Quite a curse .
But the January 24th Daily Mail article reporting the division error is itself cursed – it misattributes the error to the WWF report , which actually gives the correct figure for Pindari melt .
( It ’s possible that the error was silently corrected , but a January 19 copy of the WWF report , with the original March 9 , 2005 , creation date , has the 23 meters - per - year figure . )
Basing the IPCC claim only on an advocacy group ’s report would have been inappropriate even if the report had in fact been the source of the data .
The IPCC ’s citation error compounds the paragraph ’s problems , confusing numerous reporters who have n’t looked at the sources .
So what do we know ?
Despite the incorrect citation to the WWF 2005 report , two numerical quirks – the 2350 - to - 2035 switch and the division error – and various other features of the language and presentation are lifted directly from Chettri ’s Down to Earth article .
Since , as we ’ll see , the WWF 2005 citation did not appear until the final draft of the report , one possible scenario is this :
(1) An original author copied and pasted the text from Chettri ’s Down to Earth article .
Perhaps it was never intended for final publication ; it might have been working notes that lost their citation and then got incorrectly placed in the draft document .
(2) When a second - round reviewer asked that the section ’s citations be improved , a different IPCC author , processing the comments , noticed that this section was unattributed and tried to find the source .
(3) The citation to the WWF 2005 report appeared at this point .
The WWF report , in turn , cites “ Flooded Out , ” a New Scientist article from 1999 , which has received far more attention than Chettri ’s piece .
The author of that article , Fred Pearce , recently told the Australian that he had read the Chettri article , and though he did not cite it , he appears to have been substantially influenced by it .
The second - round IPCC author , perhaps in an unprofessional rush , may have noticed the subject matter similarity between the WWF and IPCC tables and simply added the citation .
The scenario above is speculation .
Much of the media coverage – including reporter Andy Revkin ’s summary on DotEarth – has argued that the IPCC authors were drawing upon the WWF 2005 report and the New Scientist article .
Some even claim the IPCC looked at the 1996 Kotlyakov paper that contained the 2350 figure .
Neither explanation appears satisfactory , in light of the clear differences between the WWF and IPCC tables and the verbatim similarities between the Chettri article and the IPCC report .
Questions remain about the Pearce and WWF pieces , however , since they also reproduce the 2035 claim attributed to ( and now disclaimed by ) Hasnain .
In a January 13 , 2010 , reflection on the article he had written more than a decade ago , Pearce said he had interviewed Hasnain via e-mail .
But almost every news story written since then claims that Pearce ’s interview was by telephone .
If still available , the record of that 10 - year - old e-mail could resolve this inconsistency .
Further , Pearce ’s January 13th article is multiply cursed – it excoriates the IPCC for citing the WWF report but does not mention the Down to Earth article ( even though Pearce had used it as a source himself ) , does not note that the 500,000 km2 figure was not actually in the WWF report , and does not report that the table in the WWF report does not match the table in the IPCC report or include the division error .
It seems that none of the journalists who have cited Pearce ’s account of the controversy have read the original sources in question .
If papers like The New York Times and the Sunday Times had adequately source - checked , they would have realized that the story was more complicated than Pearce ’s account suggests .
Mistakes Made During Review , and Echoed in Media
Despite what has been regularly reported in the media , IPCC ’s formal policies do not prevent it from quoting non-peer - reviewed literature in certain cases .
As the IPCC has acknowledged , the sequence of steps required to do this was not followed for the paragraph in question .
However , another corrective process was not only followed but is documented online .
The entire IPCC Fourth Assessment Report underwent a formal review , and with sufficient attention to detail , one can reconstruct several elements of how this process failed in the case of section 10.6.2 .
There were no comments at the first draft stage related to the errors in 10.6.2 .
One reviewer said that the glacier retreat table discussed above should be removed , but gave no explanation ; the writing team said this was an “ irrelevant editorial comment ” and did not remove it .
The second draft , however , generated twelve comments from experts and four comments from governments .
[ Click here for a PDF analyzing every comment made on section 10.6.2 and of how the IPCC writing team responded . ]
That analysis reveals that this section was as poorly revised as it had been written .
The writing team responded to eight comments by simply indicating that revisions had been made .
However , in five of those cases , the final text was unchanged , and in another case one issue was corrected but another was not .
Twice , reviewers asked that unclear terms be explained ; the writing team did so in their responses to the comments , but did not change the terms in the actual text .
For example , Section 10.6.2 cited Table 10.9 , discussed above , to support the claim that “ [ g] laciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world . ”
Table 10.9 , however , contained only data on Himalayan glaciers , and therefore could not support this claim .
One reviewer noticed this discrepancy and asked for tabular data on non-Himalayan glaciers .
The writing team responded with “ Revised the section , ” but no changes were made for the final draft .
Other comments deal with citation issues .
Hayley Fowler , a reviewer from Newcastle University , suggested that some glaciers in the western Himalaya may actually be expanding as a result of climate change , which both IPCC Working Group I and another section in Working Group II discussed .
Fowler suggested adding three references to 10.6.2 .
She also strongly recommended a 2005 paper from Nature which underscored the urgency of glacial melting in the Himalayas and worldwide : “ [ i]t appears that some areas of [ the Himalaya - Hindu Kush region ] are likely to ‘ run out of water ’ during the dry season if the current warming and glacial melting trends continue for several more decades . ”
Although this paper would have substantially strengthened Section 10.6.2 , the writers did not include it either .
Their comment about all three papers : “ Was unable to get hold of the suggested references will consider in the final version . ”
( Working Group I , and the authors of WG II Section 10.2.4.2 must not have had the same trouble , as both contain at least one of Fowler ’s suggested cites on glacier expansion . )
Notably , another reviewer complained that 10.6.2 had only one reference .
The writing team responded to this with “ More references added , ” and the final draft of 10.6.2 did contain two more .
One of them was the incorrect WWF 2005 citation mentioned previously .
The government of Japan had two comments questioning the probability of glacier melt .
These were important points , since the IPCC uses tightly controlled language to indicate its authors ’ assessments of probability and certainty .
( This is a major aspect of the Fourth Assessment Report , which grapples with the problem of presenting uncertain probabilities to policymakers who demand certainty .
Thus , the phrase “ virtually certain ” means that the IPCC authors believe what they are describing has a 99 percent or greater probability of occurrence , “ very likely ” indicates an assessment of a 90 - 99 percent probability occurrence , and so on . )
The writing team responded to both comments with the statement “ appropriate revisions and edits made . ”
One “ appropriate revision ” involved sticking the word “ likely ” before the word “ shrink ” in the second sentence of the paragraph – language which does indicate a probability assessment .
However , the phrase “ likelihood … is very high ” in the first sentence , which , unlike “ very likely , ” does not indicate a probability assessment , was unchanged .
It may not appear obvious to some that “ very likely ” and “ likelihood … is very high ” have such different meanings , but this is a detail of IPCC procedure missed by both Elizabeth Rosenthal of The New York Times and Jonathan Leake and Chris Hastings of the Sunday Times .
Rosenthal ’s article improperly quotes Section 10.6.2 as containing the phrase “ very likely , ” an error the newspaper has not chosen to correct .
Leake and Hastings get the language right but the analysis wrong .
They write : “ When finally published , the IPCC report did give its source as the WWF study but went further , suggesting the likelihood of the glaciers melting was “ very high ” .
The IPCC defines this as having a probability of greater than 90 percent . ”
They were wrong – the IPCC in that case does n’t use the term “ very high ” but rather “ very likely . ”
Some comments were even more detailed .
As mentioned above , one reviewer , Saltz , questioned the ungrammatical use of “ Its ” and wondered what it referred to .
The IPCC team responded “ glaciers ” but did not update the final text .
Saltz also pointed out the glaring internal contradiction in the paragraph : “ 100,000 ?
You just said it will disappear . ”
The IPCC team responded “ Missed [ sic ] to clarify this one ” and did n’t revise .
While these two concerns were ignored , a third suggestion of Saltz ’s – that an alarmist - sounding sentence be cut – was accepted , so the questionable paragraph did undergo at least some correction .
Learning Lessons from the Himalayan 2035 Curse
All in all , both the IPCC and media coverage seem to have fallen off the log when it came to important details .
The offending paragraph about Himalayan glacier retreat was widely quoted in the media , without their first having adequately checked the sources used by IPCC .
Perhaps this same tendency explains why most blogs and newspapers have reported incorrect and fragmentary versions of the IPCC ’s errors in this case .
We expect a great deal from the IPCC process , and , at least as far as Section 10.6.2 goes , those expectations were not met .
How much can we also reasonably expect from serious science journalism ?
The curse can be vanquished .
Perhaps both scientists and science journalists can learn from the best practices of each other ’s professions .
IPCC professional copy -editors could double - and triple - check facts , especially when expert comments raise questions .
Moreover , IPCC could better append corrections to the original text where needed .
( While the IPCC has retracted the paragraph in question , one can still download 10.6.2 without any indication that it contains an erroneous paragraph . )
Finally , experienced journalists are comfortable talking with both natural and social scientists .
This controversy reveals a disconnect between IPCC Working Group I ( which got the glaciology right ) , and Working Group II ( which allowed the erroneous paragraph to slide ) .
Furthermore , science journalists and their editors , notwithstanding the economic pressures facing the media , need to resist inevitable temptations to base major conclusions on single sources of information without sufficient verification , which Chettri , Pearce , the WWF , the IPCC , The New York Times , the Sunday Times , and many papers quoting them have all done in different ways .
Ultimately , there is a common lesson for both scientists and the media : the need to drill down to original sources .
This extra effort is vital in reporting on such complex and critical issues :
It could help avoid future runaway quotations – like the claim that the Himalayan glaciers would disappear by 2035 – and enable science , the media , and society to focus on real environmental problems , such as glacier melt which continues around the world .
The IPCC ’s Himalayan glaciers mistake in the end can encourage stricter editing , closer scrutiny , and more transparency in the review process .
In that case , the mistake will have served a valuable function .
Increased attention to primary scientific literature may help avoid future errors and also serve as a reminder that the IPCC process often tends towards conservative statements .
It ’s also important to remember that the science is constantly being updated .
Consider , for example , the recent finding that the IPCC models may have systematically overestimated the ability of the biosphere to grow in response to increased carbon .
If this research proves right , the IPCC ’s long - term temperature projections for the world may be a full degree Centigrade too low , and controversies now commanding headlines will recede into history .
When the IPCC errs , it ’s not always in the same direction .
Bidisha Banerjee ( bidisha@yaleclimatemediaforum.org ) is a Masters candidate at Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies .
George Collins ( george@yaleclimatemediaforum.org ) is a joint degree candidate at Yale Law School and Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies .
From the Editor
Drilling Down : An In - Depth Examination
Of IPCC ’s Himalayan Glaciers Mistake
The IPCC , and by extension the world ’s responsible climate science community these letters have come to symbolize , is under attack like never before .
The criticisms this time result from mistakes , errors , and shortcomings of IPCC ’s own doing .
The difference now is that the criticisms are n’t coming solely from the vocal , but comparatively small , legion of climate contrarians and skeptics .
This time , the criticisms are coming from within and from beyond IPCC , and from many who could fairly be considered impartial observers .
Color them now trending toward skeptical , in the best sense of that word .
IPCC ’s allegiance to the established scientific method has made it a bastion of credibility and respect in the field .
It ’s just that standing that some now are calling into question .
Some see this episode as an example of science righting itself through its ongoing self - correcting process .
In that case , the events surrounding the Himalayan - glaciers - gone - by - 2035 fiasco might in the end prove to be a worthwhile learning experience , something from which positives – and not just negatives – can be gleaned .
When , after all , is the last time you heard of the most determined contrarians publicly rethinking and correcting their positions ?
That said , timing is everything .
In basketball , ballet , music , politics , and climate science .
And the timing in this case could hardly have been worse .
The appropriate , understandable , and necessary brouhaha over the IPCC ’s handling of the melting Himalayan glaciers conclusion comes in the wake of the comparatively far less serious ( in terms of impact on actual climate science , if not popular perceptions ) hacked e-mails fiasco .
And of the disappointments with the Copenhagen climate summit .
And of the shrinking prospects for significant legislative action on climate change from a weakened congressional leadership still reeling from the loss of its “ veto - proof ” 60 - vote majority , a testy electorate , and nagging economic and unemployment woes .
But all these eventually can and do have a cumulative impact , certainly on the public perception of things , and therefore also on political and policy responses .
It ’s just what any serious doctor would not prescribe , just when an already ailing political process needed it least .
How the climate science community – IPCC and the thousands of scientists on whose shoulders its work depends – responds is critical .
First , we must fully understand exactly how and why the mistakes about the Himalayan glaciers occurred , keeping in mind that there is still no doubt that the world ’s glaciers indeed are at heightened risk in our warming world .
Bidisha Banerjee ’s and George Collins ’s comprehensive analysis helps to answer the important “ How did this happen ? ” question .
The next question involves how IPCC addresses flaws in its procedures to prevent recurrence of such a mistake .
In doing so , it can maintain its standing as the science community ’s , and indeed the world ’s , most authoritative voice on climate change .
The world is watching .
IPCC must act quickly to repair the damage and return the world ’s attention and focus to the real story – the causes and consequences of , and potential solutions for , anthropogenic climate change .
The world ’s glaciers , after all , are n’t sitting by idly waiting .
For them , the clock is ticking .
Return to article
THE QUESTION :
Whatever happened to U.S. “ Mainline ” Protestantism over the past half - century ?
THE RELIGION GUY’S ANSWER :
What ’s known as “ Mainline ” Protestantism was pretty much America ’s culture - defining faith till well after World War II .
Fifty years ago , these church groups still maintained high morale and together boasted at least 28 million members .
But by the latest available statistics they ’ve shrunk 45 % , to 15.5 million .
During those same decades , the U.S. population increased 61 % .
Across U.S. religious history , nothing like this has been seen before .
What happened ?
We ’re talking about several small denominations included with several larger bodies in the familar “ seven sisters ” — American Baptist Churches USA , Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ ) , Episcopal Church , Evangelical Lutheran Church in America , Presbyterian Church ( USA ) , United Church of Christ and the largest , the United Methodist Church .
The Religion Guy recently culled his basement library and came across two remarkably prescient books from a half - century ago , “ The Gathering Storm in the Churches ” ( 1969 ) by sociologist Jeffrey K. Hadden at Case Western Reserve University ( and later the University of Virginia ) , and “ Why Conservative Churches Are Growing ” ( 1972 ) by the Rev. Dean M. Kelley , director for civil and religious liberty at the National Council of Churches ( NCC ) .
Mainline groups share several key traits : predominantly white memberships , origin in Colonial times through the early 19th Century , ecumenical affiliations with the NCC and World Council of Churches , and pluralism that tolerates liberal religious thinking in contrast with the strictly conservative white “ evangelical ” Protestants .
( Black Protestants often share evangelical traits but embrace a distinct subculture . )
Hadden ’s book reported on his pioneering survey of 7,441 pastors in five Mainline Protestant groups ( plus the conservative Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod ) , and incorporated survey data on lay Protestants in California as reported in 1968 by Rodney Stark and Charles Glock .
He said churches faced a dangerous and “ widening gap ” between lay members and clergy who were pursuing civil - rights activism ( Vietnam War protests emerged later ) and downplaying or shedding traditional religious beliefs .
For example , only 49 percent of the Methodist clergy believed in “ Jesus ’ physical resurrection as an objective historical fact . ”
Clergy revisionism on doctrine was strongly associated with devotion to liberal politics , but not so with lay members .
About Reid and Mike
Reid Cherner has been with USA TODAY since 1982 and written Game On ! since March 2008 .
He has covered everything from high schools to horse racing to the college and the pros .
The only thing he likes more than his own voice is the sound of readers telling him when he 's right and wrong .
Michael Hiestand has covered sports media and marketing for USA TODAY , tackling the sports biz ranging from what 's behind mega-events such as the Olympics and Super Bowl to the sometimes - hidden numbers behind the sports world 's bottom line .
Despite my love for the medium , I ’ve never really liked the term “ graphic novel . ”
Not because comics do n’t attain the thematic depth or structural coherency of the novel , but because they do so on their own distinct terms .
The “ graphic novel , ” I thought , is how comic book apologists try to justify a medium needing no justification .
But David Mazzucchelli ’s decade - in - the - making Asterios Polyp declares itself something more than a comic .
The jacket ’s pointedly brief bio insists on this point , reading in full : “ David Mazzucchelli has been making comics his whole life .
This is his first graphic novel . ”
And Asterios really does feel like a departure .
The at times heavy - handed use of modernist aesthetic theory , philosophizing , and religiosity would be jarring in any popular art form , let alone in a medium still popularly imagined as the domain of socially inept , adolescent boys .
In the end , though , its pretensions are turned on their head .
Asterios is still just a comic book and it makes a strong case for the importance of all that may seem similarly modest , simple , or everyday .
The plot itself is nothing special , despite a stillborn twin brother ’s narration , an Orphic trip into the underworld , and its frequent academic digressions .
The book ’s title character is a middle - aged architect and egotist who loses his wife , only to learn some hard lessons and find out what ’s important in life .
There is some Philip Roth in the treatment of Asterios ’ masculinity , some Woody Allen in the relationship between the pretentious professor and the intuitive artist , and some Kurt Vonnegut in the stylized characterizations .
Asterios Polyp , though , is absolutely unique in its rigorously formal , symbolically - loaded style .
Every color , every line , and every word in Asterios Polyp has a purpose .
Nothing is merely decorative .
Mazzucchelli uses the printer ’s primary colors — cyan , magenta , yellow , and black — almost exclusively .
Each character has their own font , color , and even text bubble shape .
Characters are drawn in a manner representative of personality and others , as perceived by them , are subtly influenced by that style .
Asterios , for example , looks geometric and is colored in a cold cyan .
If he begins to dominate a conversation , his color spreads throughout the page , and the person to whom he speaks begins to grow geometric as well .
Purple , diverging from Mazzucchelli ’s color scheme , marks the meeting ground between Asterios ’ cyan and the feminine magenta ; as such , it is typically used only after Asterios begins to change as a character .
The text directly addresses these formal decisions through the ruminations of Asterios ’ dead twin brother : “ What if reality ( as perceived ) were simply an extension of the self ? ”
The book ’s structure is Joycean , playing with subconscious digression , subtly recurring motifs , allusion , and subjectivity .
The full meaning of any given event or object only became clear to me upon the second , or third , or fourth reading .
Late in the book , Mazzucchelli offers a key to this approach :
To live ( as I understand it ) is to exist within a conception of time .
But to remember is to vacate the very notion of time .
Every memory , no matter how remote its subject , takes place “ now , ” at the moment it ’s called up in the mind .
The more something is recalled , the more the brain has a chance to refine the original experience , because every memory is a re-creation , not a playback .
The bulk of the book consists of these playbacks , triggered by present action .
At first glance they are confusing , but Asterios Polyp itself teaches you how to read them .
Reviewers have doubted whether the simple , seen - it - before story justifies the stylistic experimentation , but this misses the point .
The book ’s central theme emerges in Asterios ’ single - minded pursuit of a dualistic understanding of the world .
For him , the functional and decorative are opposed : form not necessitated by function is extraneous .
The book reveals such dualism to be faulty , as it becomes responsible for the disintegration of Asterios ’ life .
This is , of course , the same thinking at play in applauding Asterios Polyps ’ style while dismissing its plot ; the relationship between the two is far more complicated than that .
Critics have described it as a modernist work in the strictest sense : its content is its form .
But the book is not modernist ; it is about modernism .
Mazzucchelli ’s style is an example of what the story ultimately decries .
I ’m reminded of David Harvey ’s description , in The Condition of Postmodernity , of the shift from modernist to postmodernist architecture : “ It was time , they said , to build for people rather than for Man . ” Asterios , in the beginning , is a “ paper architect ” ; that is , none of his formally perfect designs had actually been built .
Near the end of the book , he constructs a solar - powered Cadillac .
Of course , a heavy caddy is impractical for that purpose — and if it is n’t functional , it ’s merely decorative — but Asterios insists that he kind of likes “ the old boat . ”
It is through a form that is n’t strictly formal that he finally proves his humanity .
Religion , the pariah of modernity , plays a central role in his development .
Since what is not factual is , for Asterios , mere fiction , he tends to pull out those tired simplifications from critiques of religion — prophets are schizophrenics , ancient traditions are “ codified superstition , ” religion provides false relief from life ’s apparent meaningless complexity , and an all - seeing God is an expression of human narcissism .
This thinking finds its fullest expression in a full - page schematic purporting to explain God as “ all a big mommy complex . ”
It is Ursula Major , a self - proclaimed goddess with a penchant for astrology , earth worship , and references to her own past lives , who finally shatters Asterios ’ hyper-rational dualism .
He acknowledges , for the first and only time , the poverty of his worldview when she challenges his conception of the male / female duality .
“ The Pima Tribe , ” she tells him , “ recognized four distinct sexes . ”
And in one of the most visually compelling sections of the book , Ursula marshals science to make a case for the truth of the Zodiac :
Look , y’know , scientists took mollusks and found that even in the lab , they orient their movement according to the phase of the lunar month .
And oysters taken from Long Island and relocated to dark tanks in the Midwest alter their opening and closing to coincide with tides that , like , could exist in that location , but do n’t .
Solar activity creates extremely low frequency electromagnetic waves , and they affect all kinds of things , like the way wheat sprouts , and the way bacteria grows , and the way insects behave … so with all that going on … maybe the Chaldeans were onto something when they discovered the Zodiac , y’know ?
( Ursula ’s informal , valley - girl - lite language ultimately comes off as affectionate rather than patronizing in Mazzucchelli ’s deft hands . )
Even before Ursula , though , religiosity was dormant within Asterios in the mythology of his Greek heritage .
His family ’s last name , we are told , was chopped in half at Ellis Island .
It would have been “ Polyphemos , ” the cyclops from The Odyssey , fitting for Asterios ’ refusal to see from multiple perspectives .
Furthermore , even before his personal odyssey , he had an affinity for the capricious , willful gods of the Greek pantheon , a cosmology which insists on the amoral randomness that characterizes so much of human life .
The entire book is , self - consciously , a retelling of the Orpheus myth with one major twist .
For Orpheus , death triumphs and he loses Eurydice .
In Asterios , the ultimate victor is far less clear .
This ambiguity is fitting , since Asterios questions even the life / death duality , with one character asking , “ How can we call death — about which we know nothing — the opposite of life , when we barely comprehend life itself ? ”
Asterios Polyp is a self - conscious book of big ideas .
Though most reviewers emphasize its rigorous formalism and the digressions into philosophy , aesthetics , or modernism , it ’s really about their limitations .
In Seeing Like A State , a critique of high modernity as practiced by the nation - state , political scientist James Scott insists on “ the indispensable role of practical knowledge , informal processes , and improvisation in the face of unpredictability . ”
Reflective of this , it is the running joke between Asterios and his wife — “ Did Francis of Assisi ever swat a mosquito ? ” — that is the most concisely expressive example of the sort of grounded , practical religiosity that is the work ’s central theme .
The surprisingly simple highlight of the book , and its most intimate moment , should therefore not really be so surprising .
In an extended montage , the minutiae of Asterios ’ wife ’s life — filing her nails , getting sick , farting , brushing her teeth , having sex — weaves around a scene in which he must carefully remove the head of a cotton swab from her ear .
He tries one pair of tweezers , then another .
She stands still , trusting but scared .
These pathos - charged pages depict the practical knowledge , informal process , and improvisation that Scott calls for , and they show Mazzucchelli at the height of his powers .
All this is to say that , in the end , Asterios Polyp accounts for human life not through form or theory , but through pragmatic contradictions , small triumphs , and small tragedies .
This , I think , is what is most effective about the book .
Not the aesthetic form , or its function ; not the modernist ideas , or the plot that is so subservient to them ; but the extent to which Mazzucchelli seems to say that all of those things are ultimately insignificant when faced with the practical needs of an unpredictable life .
The story begins with a bolt of lightning , ends with a meteor , and is divided neatly in two by an enormous crater ; what fills that hole are the revelations of the everyday .
Mazzucchelli may be writing and drawing in refreshing new ways , but he is , finally , reiterating what has always been most important .
Microsoft 's development direction of Internet Explorer 9 is unambiguous : implementing HTML5
Web standards is the name of the game , with the intent of letting developers use the " same markup " to work everywhere .
As IE General Manager Dean Hachamovitch said at MIX10 this week , " We love HTML5 so much we actually want it to work . "
Redmond is targeting real - world applications based on real - world data .
For example , every single JavaScript and DOM API used by the top 7,000 websites was recorded .
IE9 will deliver support for every API used by those sites .
That obviously gives rise to a chicken - and - egg situation — what about the APIs that developers can't currently use because of a lack of widespread support , but would like to ?
Beyond the top 7,000 data , Microsoft has a number of HTML5 usage scenarios that it 's targeting .
The company has not said much on what those scenarios are , but given the demonstrations of HTML5 video and SVG animation , it seems that these are clearly viewed as core technology for a future HTML5 - powered Web .
This dedication to HTML5 does not , however , mean that Microsoft is going to devote considerable effort to , for example , the SunSpider benchmarks or the Acid3 test .
As the browser develops , the scores in those tests will likely improve ( it currently gets 55/100 , a marked improvement on IE8's 20/100 ) , but they 're not the number one priority .
Acid3 is a scattergun test .
It 's not systematic — you can implement a high proportion of a particular specification and not pass the test , or a much lower proportion but still pass — and though many of the features it tests are useful , that 's probably not the case for everything , and it 's certainly not testing the one hundred most useful HTML5 features or anything like that .
More fundamentally , there are different degrees of " supporting a standard . "
Some demonstrations of the highly desirable and widely demanded CSS round borders helped explain this .
The IE9 Platform Preview and WebKit both purport to support CSS3's rounded borders , and the Gecko engine ( in Firefox ) has an extension to provide rounded borders ( the extension is nonstandard , but implemented in such a way as to not interfere with standard features ) .
Rounded borders are something that developers are particularly keen on , since without CSS support , they have to be approximated with images , which is much less flexible ( you ca n't easily change the colour or thickness of a border if it's done with images , for example ) .
So in terms of desirability , they rank pretty high .
Unfortunately , they do n't look consistent .
At all :
This is probably what the designer wanted ...
... and this probably is n't .
These are two browsers that both support a feature .
But they look completely different .
This has two interpretations : either one or both of the browsers is wrong , or the specification is lousy ( such that both browsers are doing what the specification says , even though it 's surely not what any developer would want ) .
In general , this kind of discrepancy is n't something that a test like Acid3 will reveal .
It needs systematic , thorough suites of tests that verify each individual part of the specification , and ensure that the different parts of the specifications work together .
In developing these tests , sometimes errors in the specification will be revealed .
But it 's also likely that errors in implementations will be revealed , even implementations that are widely perceived to " support " feature X or Y. Acid3 can't show just how much of the HTML5 standards a browser supports .
It ca n't even tell you very much about which parts of the standards are n't supported .
To do these things requires much more thorough testing .
It 's for this reason that Microsoft is continuing the work it did for Internet Explorer 8 .
With IE8 , Microsoft developed , and delivered to W3C , a huge library of CSS 2.1 tests .
Systematic testing was the only way to ensure that the browser truly lived up to the demands of the specifications .
So for IE9 , the company is developing a new raft of tests , the first batch of which have already been submitted to W3C .
Microsoft does n't want IE9 to have the same kind of test results as other browsers presently do ; a feature is n't done until all the tests pass .
A case could be made that these other browsers are perceived as more compliant than they really are ; while there are certain browsers that excel in certain areas ( Opera 's SVG support has long been extensive ) , other browsers also have considerable gaps .
Sure , not as big as the gaps that IE8 presently has , but substantial nonetheless .
All vendors clearly have plenty of work to do before the " same markup " goal really becomes reality .
Scoring well on the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark is similarly not an explicit target for IE9 .
SunSpider is useful , and tests JavaScript performance in many ways , but just as real web pages are n't written like the Acid3 test , real web applications are n't written like SunSpider .
Real applications do things like optimize their design so that the basic page loads quickly , and then complex activities happen asynchronously in the background .
SunSpider does n't really test this style of development , and yet this is how real applications actually work .
This does n't make SunSpider bad , but it explains why it 's not a priority .
It would be a mistake to optimize specifically for SunSpider , as SunSpider is not representative of real - world usage .
Developers should optimize for reality , not for specific microbenchmarks .
Microsoft wants its HTML5 support to be stable and robust .
This means that Internet Explorer 9 is unlikely to support every single part of the various specifications that make up HTML5 ; some parts are presently too much of a moving target to be viable .
Other parts may be stable , but not relevant to the scenarios that the company is using to guide its development effort .
But what the company will deliver will be thorough in a way that is n't necessarily the case with other browsers .
Clearly the company has an up - hill struggle if its browser is to be perceived as highly conformant with Web standards .
But it 's certainly heading in the right direction .
Brian Snyder / Reuters / Corbis
As economic doldrums drift into a fourth calendar year , pundits debate which groups have been hit hardest .
Retirees ?
Homemakers who have returned to work ?
Blue - collar men caught in the “ He-cession ” ?
To this list , another group has been recently added : the young and expensively educated .
In October , for example , BusinessWeek ran a much - discussed cover story called “ The Lost Generation , ” claiming that workers in their twenties were “ bright , eager — and unwanted . ”
Around Labor Day , the AFL - CIO published a report announcing that young workers were experiencing a “ lost decade . ”
Some commentators have even raised the specter of what happened in Japan during the long recession of the 1990s .
Japanese companies stopped hiring , many twentysomethings subsisted on contract work or parental largesse , and by the time the economy picked up , these young adults lacked the résumés to be attractive for career - track gigs .
In Europe , chronically high youth unemployment , even in good times , likewise creates social instability .
Now , American twentysomethings wonder , could it happen here ?
Is the U.S. economy about to waste the productivity of a whole generation ?
Every year , about 1.5 million people graduate with U.S. bachelor ’s degrees .
In general , they enter the labor market and assume that there will be enough desirable jobs to absorb them .
But “ in order for new entrants to find jobs , there have to be job openings , ” says Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , and there simply have n’t been many .
There were 2.4 million job openings advertised in August 2009 , according to the Labor Department — the lowest number since it started keeping track in 2000 .
With 7.3 million jobs lost from December 2007 to October 2009 , everyone “ starts competing down the line , ” says Caroline Ceniza - Levine , owner of SixFigureStart , a career - counseling service .
“ If you have to look for people , why not look for the unsolicited , more experienced people who are coming in droves ? ”
They take the entry - level jobs .
That means that people who would normally seek entry - level jobs compete just to find “ survival jobs . ”
A survey from the National Association of Colleges and Employers found that only 19.7 percent of members of the class of 2009 who had applied for jobs had one by graduation season , compared with 26 percent for the class of 2008 and a still - not - stunning 51 percent for the class of 2007 .
“ No question , for many companies , college grad hiring is on hold , ” says John Challenger , CEO of outplacement firm Challenger , Gray and Christmas .
( However , the unemployment rate for people with bachelor ’s degrees is still lower than for those with only a high school diploma — in October , 4.7 percent versus 11.2 percent . )
The result is an economic inefficiency : a mismatch between jobs and potential , particularly among the young .
People who graduate during a boom are more likely to land jobs that challenge them to the extent of their abilities .
The early years of a career are when people invest most heavily in building their skills , so young people landing these jobs work hard to meet high expectations .
“ For the rest of your career , you reap the benefits , ” says Lisa Kahn , an assistant professor of economics at the Yale School of Management .
Society benefits , too , as these workers later use their human capital to create innovations for employers or launch their own start - ups .
Even if these fortunate graduates lose their jobs at some point , they ’ve built skills and connections in their chosen fields — attributes that make reemployment likely .
People who graduate during a recession , though , often have to take jobs that do n’t tap their potential .
They develop the skills relevant to these lower - level jobs , rather than skills for jobs that would challenge them .
Or they survive on help from family and do n’t learn much at all .
If they switch to better jobs later , they ’ll be behind the learning curve .
Kahn ’s research has found that among American college - educated white men , every percentage - point rise in the national unemployment rate corresponds to a 6 to 7 percent reduction in initial earnings .
This means that those who graduate when the unemployment rate is 10 percent will earn roughly 30 to 35 percent less in their first jobs than those who graduate when unemployment is 5 percent .
While the unlucky graduates will close the gap over time , there will still be a 2.5 percent difference 15 years later .
Since college - educated white men are a high - earning crew , this ongoing gap translated into more than $ 100,000 in lost wages over the 17 years that Kahn studied .
As she says , “ It really does matter when you graduated ” : it is much worse to experience a recession in your first year out of college than in your fifth .
Modern Japan had always had a low unemployment rate .
But when its economy soured in the early 1990s , commentators observed a spike in “ NEETs ” — a British acronym for people “ not in employment , education , or training . ”
Most of the NEETs were 15 to 24 years old , and many assumed that these members of a pampered generation , raised in the well - to - do 1980s , simply did n’t want to work .
But perceptions changed as the recession dragged on .
Newspapers began to carry tales of educated young people working on short contracts for subsistence wages .
A few years ago , Japanese corporations began hiring again , but they generally preferred to hire and train young people just graduating from school .
This meant that the cohort that had graduated five to ten years earlier was out of luck .
In 2002 , the majority of NEETs were 25 to 34 years old ; that is , they were the same people out of work when the recession started .
A “ lost generation ” was born .
( The term was coined much earlier and with a very different meaning , when Gertrude Stein applied it to American expatriates living in Paris after World War I. )
That recent American grads will follow this pattern is the worry of people like Kyle Griffin , a 2008 graduate of the College of Saint Rose in Albany , who is applying for roughly five jobs per day and has been living for months on weekly $ 350 unemployment - benefits checks .
Or Honora Talbott , a 2007 magna cum laude graduate of Amherst , who moved to New York City in November 2008 and recently beat out 500 other applicants for a part - time job walking dogs .
Few of the young people I spoke with for this article knew more than a handful of folks from the classes of 2008 or 2009 who had full - time jobs with benefits in their chosen fields .
Scott Pierce , a 2008 Bates College grad who lives in San Francisco , describes a recent party for his school ’s alumni : “ All the people from 2009 who were at the thing were from San Francisco and were living at home , ” he says — that is , none of the guests had moved to the Bay Area for a job .
In the meantime , unemployed young people are creating a fascinating online literature of unemployment .
Pierce blogs at a site called Tales from the Recently Laid Off , where he tries to “ find humor in things that are n’t funny . ”
He ’s joined by the scribes at such colorfully named sites as Pink Slips Are the New Black , Stuff Unemployed People Like , and the 405 Club ( named for the maximum weekly New York unemployment check at the start of the recession ) .
But such creativity is cold comfort for those who “ have the misfortune of being born at a time that dumps them into the labor force at the exact worst time in 70 years , ” as Shierholz puts it .
Despite the recent spike in unemployment for educated young Americans and the prospect of somewhat lower wages over time , a true lost generation is unlikely here .
One reason is that you can game when you enter the labor market by staying in school .
This partly explains why people graduating during a recession narrow the wage gap with their luckier competitors : people who earn graduate degrees , which more people do during a recession , tend to earn more than those who do n’t .
A stronger reason to expect that today ’s college grads wo n’t remain unemployed for long is the relative structural dynamism of American capitalism — above all , the extraordinary flexibility of the U.S. labor market .
The World Bank Group ranks the United States as tied for first place in the world in “ employing workers ” ( that is , labor flexibility ) .
Not only do American companies have a lot of freedom to hire and fire ; payroll taxes are relatively low by international standards ( 7.65 percent for Social Security and Medicare , plus federal and state unemployment - insurance premiums , which vary but seldom add more than a few percentage points to the total ) .
And as the ranks of independent contractors grow , many companies do n’t face even those costs ( or health - insurance costs ) for their workers .
“ Our system is so much more flexible , ” says Challenger .
“ People are like free agents here — there ’s a lot less safety in your career , but the real upside is that people can then move into these jobs when times are better . ”
And when times are better , the American economy is quite good at creating jobs .
In Japan , by contrast — which ranks 40th in the World Bank Group ’s “ employing workers ” standings — lifetime tenure at one company remains the norm , and it ’s difficult to get a job except immediately after leaving school .
The Japanese labor market is like a sold - out show in a theater : people arrive before the curtain rises , sit in their chairs , and do n’t leave .
Anyone coming late tends to lose out .
In France , which ranks 155th , many labor contracts severely limit hours and flexibility , high payroll taxes fund workers ’ benefits , and social policy makes layoffs very difficult .
Germany , in 158th place , has many similar policies .
If you wanted to extend the theater analogy , you might add that in both France and Germany , the seats are so expensive to build that there are n’t enough of them for those who are n’t impeccably credentialed .
An economy needs entrepreneurs to start companies and absorb new workers entering the labor market , and such risk - takers do n’t appear in a vacuum : countries have business climates that are more or less amenable to them .
The World Bank Group ranks these business climates , and also the ease of starting a business , in the 183 countries that it studied ; the U.S. places fourth and eighth , respectively .
Japan , with its cultural preference for large national corporations and lifetime tenure , ranks 91st in the ease of starting a business ; Germany , at 84th , is n’t much better .
A final reason for today ’s young people not to lose hope : the U.S. unemployment rate hit 10.8 percent in 1982 .
At the time , one might have thought that people born in 1960 would become a lost generation .
But today ’s 50 - year - olds do n’t appear lost in their careers .
Of course , if you have a good seat in that Japanese or European theater , you might not think it ’s a bad arrangement , and plenty of Americans want more Japanese - style stability or European - style labor protections .
President Obama ’s advisors appear to be among them .
Among the ideas that they have floated are higher income - tax rates for high earners ( which most entrepreneurs aspire to be ) to fund new benefits , new payroll taxes for businesses that do n’t provide health insurance , and proposals to make organizing easier .
In recent years , America has also seen campaigns to guarantee workers several weeks of paid vacation per year and to require even microenterprises to grant leave for caregiving and illnesses .
And Congress declined to repeal a previously scheduled hike in the minimum wage this past July .
Some of these benefits are great if you have a job , and some may be socially desirable for other reasons , but all will have an inevitable economic result .
Anything that makes it more expensive to employ people , or raises the cost of getting rid of them , or makes entrepreneurship less rewarding , will raise structural unemployment .
And the damage will likely be most severe among those coming late to the theater — young workers .
Take the French laws that make it difficult to downsize workers .
“ When it ’s not employment for life , if an employer feels like they can let a worker go in an extreme situation , [ the employer ] is more likely to take a risk on a young worker , ” says Kahn , the Yale economist .
Since he announced his candidacy , Barack Obama has been a favorite among American young people .
He won 66 percent of the 18 - to 29 - year - old vote .
He may have won other demographics because devoted young volunteers lobbied their parents , cajoled people to the polls , and spread the word through Facebook .
It would be ironic if his policies wound up damaging the employment prospects of his biggest fans .
Numerous reports have alleged that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs discredited Google 's " do n't be evil " mantra as bogus and predicted the demise of Adobe Flash at an internal company meeting .
A number of outlets received supposed second - hand reports from Apple 's " town hall " style meeting with employees last week .
While exact quotes vary depending on the source , the message Jobs had about Google remained essentially the same .
An anonymous source who contacted Wired claimed Jobs used an expletive to refer to Google 's " do n't be evil " philosophy .
But that quote was disputed by someone who reached out to Daring Fireball 's John Gruber .
The exact quote from Jobs , the source alleged , was " Do n't be evil is a load of crap . "
Wired also reported that Jobs believes Google , which is behind the Android mobile operating system , wants to " kill " the iPhone .
Though there have been rumors of tension between Google and Apple for months , last month Google CEO Eric Schmidt , who formerly served on the Apple Board of Directors , downplayed any perception of a rivalry between the two technology giants .
Schmidt said he has a " special spot " in his heart for Apple .
It was Google 's entrance into the mobile phone space with Android , as well as its forthcoming Chrome OS for netbooks , that forced Schmidt to resign from Apple 's board .
Apple and Google were the subjects of an investigation from the Federal Trade Commission over potential antitrust ties .
As for Adobe , Wired 's source said Jobs called the company " lazy . "
He allegedly said most Mac crashes are due to Flash , and " the world is moving to HTML5 . "
The latter comment is consistent with Apple 's own public moves toward HTML5 .
Even Google has dabbled with Flash alternatives for YouTube .
" They have all this potential to do interesting things but they just refuse to do it , " Jobs was paraphrased as saying .
" They do n't do anything with the approaches that Apple is taking , like Carbon . "
But Daring Fireball 's source also said that Jobs was not entirely negative on the subject of Adobe .
The executive was reportedly " nostalgic " about the old days of the company .
Finally , MacRumors received a number of additional details from a source who claimed to be in attendance in at the meeting .
As with all other reports , the details come from an anonymous source :
A ll the great and true Spiritual Masters offer their devotees a tangible Spiritual Realization of a Greater Reality , and a destiny greater than merely mortal , material existence .
Divine Realization Itself â€ ” Perfect Happiness Itself , Complete Awakening from the dream of mortal , limited existence â€ ” is the greatest of all human destinies , and the destiny for which every heart longs .
The different types of human destiny and Spiritual Realization
Why settle for less than Perfect Happiness ?
The Nature of Reality : Perfect Happiness is Perfectly Possible
Like all the great and true Spiritual Masters â€ ” from Gautama Buddha to Jesus of Nazareth â€ ” what Adi Da Samraj has brought into the world is not merely a new belief system or another set of spiritual techniques or religious rituals .
Like the Spiritual Masters of past ages , Adi Da Samraj 's primary offering is an extraordinary and very tangible Spiritual Transmission , that directly Communicates the Greater Reality Itself .
When Jesus said merely " Come follow Me " to two ordinary fishermen , they dropped everything to follow Him , in response to His Transmission .
When Krishna played
His flute , the gopi cowherds left their cattle to follow Krishna , in response to His Transmission .
When Gautama Buddha held up a flower , Kasyapa smiled , " enlightened " on the spot ( thus beginning the tradition of Zen Buddhism ) , because of the Buddha 's Transmission .
QUOTE FOR MAY 15 , 2009
Atheism is the ultimate form of denial of the Parental " God " .
Atheism is not founded on real observation of the ultimate facts of the universe .
Rather , it is a kind of adolescent development of the human species .
What characterizes the doctrine ( or dogma ) of atheism is not a discovery that there is no " God " , but a refusal to acknowledge every kind of parent ( or parent - like authority ) , including ( therefore ) the Parental " God " of childish " religion " .
from from The Parental Deity and The One To Be Realized
The great and true Spiritual Masters are not merely " preachers " or charismatic ( but otherwise ordinary ) human beings ; they are necessarily Spiritual Transmission Masters of varying degrees and kinds .
Their Words simply reflect what is directly communicated by their Spiritual Transmission .
Just how extraordinary Adi Da Samraj 's Transmission is ( and how unique is the opportunity represented by His Transmission ) , is something we hope will become clearer as you browse this site .
Spiritual Realization requires a Spiritual Master
I felt Beloved Adi Da's Spiritual Transmission thick in the room .
I simply looked at Him , and saw Him as the center of a field of tangible , visible , Love-Blissful , Conscious , breathable Light .
I felt myself go through a kind of ' door ' .
On the ' other side ' was the most extraordinary perception of my beloved Spiritual Master that I had ever experienced .
It was primarily a feeling - recognition of Him , a swoon of love in which He was simply Energy , Light , and Divine Love - Bliss .
He radiated a visible , even tangible Light that was so attractive that I felt my entire being captured by and attracted to Him .
There was no longer a sense of being a separate self â€ ” just the profound peace of realizing that there is nothing to seek , nowhere to go , nothing to attain .
This was Reality itself , and it was not separate from ' me ' .
I had no sense of my usual persona or contracted self .
It was like waiting all your life for a package to arrive , and then when it comes , you are n't there !
But you are so happy that you do n't mind at all .
Michael Shaw ( devotee )
Based on their reception of this Transmission ( and their accompanying heart - recognition of Who the Transmitter is ) , otherwise ordinary human beings can enter into a Spiritual relationship with Adi Da Samraj , becoming His devotees , and practicing the Way of Adidam .
Through that Spiritual relationship , their reception is deepened , first to the point of steady Communion with the Divine , and then ultimately to the point of Divine Realization Itself .
The devotional and Spiritual relationship to Avatar Adi Da Samraj
In the course of practice in the Way of Adidam , the sense of being a " separate self " or " ego " is revealed to be an artifact of our own egoic activity .
It is not a solid thing or structure , or some " homunculus " ( " little man " ) or " soul " inside the body .
The " separate self " is understood to be untrue ( in that it is not who we really are ) , unnecessary ( in that it is the result of an action we can stop doing in any moment ) , and unproductive ( in that it is the source of our unhappiness , that is , our feeling of separation from the Divine and all others ) .
For this reason , the Way of Divine Realization necessarily coincides with understanding and transcendence of " self " : there is no Realization of the Divine Identity without consciously letting go of identification with all forms of " me " less than the Divine .
The Spiritual necessity for self - understanding and self - transcendence
The practice of Adidam has many details , even as there are many aspects in the human life and body - mind to be transformed ( diet , meditation , intimacies , work , etc. ) .
But the heart of the devotee 's practice is the devotional and Spiritual relationship with Adi Da Samraj .
The purpose of all the " secondary " practices is to bring one 's life and body - mind into greater balance , freeing up increasingly greater energy and attention for the devotional and Spiritual relationship .
Put another way , the purpose of all the disciplines is to transform every moment in life â€ ” whether one is eating , sexing , meditating , doing business , or whatever â€ ” into Divine Communion .
Practice in the Way of Adidam
The seven stages of life / uniqueness of the Way of Adidam / growth in the Way of Adidam
All Spiritual Transmission Masters enable their devotees to realize Something Greater : a Spiritual Realization that is happier than the usual worldly destiny .
But the revelation of Adidam is Divine Realization â€ ” Perfect Happiness .
The Avataric Great Sage , Adi Da Samraj , is not only a great and true Spiritual Master ;
He is the Divine in human form , fully incarnating here in Person .
Only the Divine in Person can Awaken individuals to their Divine Nature .
Who is Adi Da Samraj ?
The nature of Divine Incarnation
I did n't have any specific expectations of feeling anything special when I first saw Him .
But as Avatar Adi Da walked just a few yards toward the seat that had been prepared for Him , I looked at Him and I tacitly felt :
He was only Love , walking around in a human body .
I began to weep and weep , because I was literally seeing a vision of God .
I had not expected to see that Divine Vision .
But now everything that I had read and understood of His Teaching was Embodied before me !
And I was overwhelmed with gratitude .
Raewyn Bowmar ( devotee ) Avatar Adi Da's Transmission - Power moved into the room where we were seated with Him face - to - face .
The Brightness of His Divine Light infiltrated the space with Luminosity , so that the walls , the objects , and persons became visibly Brightened by His Spiritual Power .
The differentiation between objects loosened , such that Reality was clearly a Field of Divine Light rather than a field of apparently separate material objects .
Beloved Adi Da was revealing to us the Truth that matter equals energy equals Light and that His All - Pervading Divine Spiritual Presence is the Very Substance and Nature of That Light .
Again and again , as He spoke or sat silently , His own Spiritual Person Flooded into our body - minds and drew us into this Sea of Divine Light .
He was penetrating the body - mind to the toes , permeating every cell with His Love - Blissful Radiance .
Then , within this Sphere of Brightening , Avatar Adi Da revealed the Secret of the Non -' Difference ' between Consciousness and Energy ( or Light ) .
Suddenly , not only Avatar Adi Da , but the room , the objects , the persons , and the entire pattern of arising appeared as a Field of Light , and was recognized to be Conscious Light , Self - Existing and Self - Radiant Consciousness Itself .
Ruchiradama Nadikanta ( devotee )
L iving , as we do , in a materialistic culture â€ ” in which doing something " spiritual " competes side by side with going to a good movie for what to do on a Saturday night , and in which both are just as easily forgotten for the next experience â€ ” most of us will have many questions and doubts about a genuine and serious Spiritual life , ranging from : " But does God and a Greater Reality even exist ? " to " What is Spiritual Transmission ? " to " What exactly is a Spiritual Master ? " to " What will I have to give up to do this practice ? "
This website is aimed at addressing some of those basic questions , as well as clarifying and fleshing out who Adi Da Samraj is , and the extraordinary opportunity of a devotional and Spiritual relationship with Avatar Adi Da Samraj .
Common questions of spiritual beginners and people interested in Adidam
But always prior to all of these questions of the mind is a fundamental question of the heart , as it yearns for Perfect Happiness .
And that " question " can only be completely satisfied by Perfect Happiness Itself .
T he heart has a question .
The heart must be Satisfied .
Without that Satisfaction â€ ”
Which is necessarily Spiritual in Nature â€ ”
there is no Real Happiness .
And that is why Adi Da Samraj is here : to help every one of us Realize Perfect Happiness .
H ow Could I Deny Heart - Vision To My Loved - One ?
How Could I Delay The Course Of My Beloved ?
Like An Intimate Family Servant , I Dearly Serve My Devotee .
Like A Wealthy Friend , I Freely Give To My Devotee .
Like A Mad Priest , I Even Worship My Devotee , With Love Itself .
Like An Innocent Boy At First Love , I Would Awaken My Devotee In Radiant Chambers .
Where The Wound Of Love Churns and Never Heals , I Wait , Longing To Celebrate The Brilliant Sight Of My Devotee .
Come Slowly or Quickly , but Surely Come To Me. Touch My Divine Heart , and I Will Widen You To God-Knows - Where .
. . .
Given such an opportunity .
. . what will you do ?
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Banks and other financial firms should tape traders ’ mobile phone conversations as part of a crackdown on insider dealing , the Financial Services Authority said on Thursday .
The FSA said it wants firms to tape all “ relevant communications ” carried out by staff on company issued cellphones or other mobile handheld electronic communication devices .
It would cover about 16,000 phones and cost the industry about 11 million pounds to set up , and about 18 million pounds a year to maintain , the FSA estimated in a consultation paper .
The FSA has required firms to record conversations on fixed line telephones for the last year .
Mobile phones had been excluded , but the regulator said technology had advanced enough to include them and remove a loophole in the rules .
The proposals cover voice conversations and other electronic communications that involve the receipt of client orders and negotiating , agreeing and arranging transactions in the equity , bond and financial and commodity derivatives markets , the consultation paper said .
Firms should take “ reasonable steps ” to ensure that bankers and traders do not carry out such communication on private phones , which cannot be recorded for privacy reasons .
Companies have until June to respond .
Peace Talks Further Damaged as PM Claims Settlement Blocs ‘ Part of Jerusalem ’
By Jason Ditz | January 24 , 2010
Seemingly already damaged beyond repair , the prospect for peace talks took another hit today when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared portions of the occupied West Bank “ eternally ” part of Israel .
Attending a tree - planting ceremony in one of the settlements , Netanyahu proclaimed that “ we are planting here , we will stay here , we will build here , this place will be an inseparable part of the state of Israel for eternity . ”
He added that the settlements were part of “ sovereign Jerusalem . ”
The settlements are built on land occupied by the Israeli military in 1967 and are not recognized as part of the nation .
They lie near East Jerusalem , which was also occupied and is not generally recognized as part of Israel either , though Netanyahu insists that this too will remain part of the Israeli state .
The Palestinian Authority slammed the comments , saying they further undermined efforts by visiting US envoy George Mitchell to resume peace talks .
Those talks already took a major hit last week when Prime Minister Netanyahu demanded that any hypothetical future Palestinian state allow an eternal Israeli military occupation and grant Israel practical control over its border with Jordan .
Though President Obama has seemingly given up on the peace process , declaring last week that it “ is just really hard , ” Mitchell insisted that the US remained committed to a “ viable ” Palestinian state .
Those promises of commitment are worth less and less as the rhetoric continues to worsen , and it seems the chances of an improved diplomatic situation are remote , at best .
Source
Cancer progression is commonly thought of as a process involving the growth of a primary tumor followed by metastasis , in which cancer cells leave the primary tumor and spread to distant organs .
A new study by researchers at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center shows that circulating tumor cells - cancer cells that break away from a primary tumor and disseminate to other areas of the body - can also return to and grow in their tumor of origin , a newly discovered process called " self - seeding . "
The findings of the study , published in the December 25 issue of the journal Cell , suggest that self - seeding can enhance tumor growth through the release of signals that promote angiogenesis , invasion , and metastasis .
" Our work not only provides evidence for the self - seeding phenomenon and reveals the mechanism of this process , but it also shows the possible role of self - seeding in tumor progression , " said the study 's first author Mi-Young Kim , PhD , Research Fellow in the Cancer Biology and Genetics Program at Memorial Sloan - Kettering .
According to the research , which was conducted in mice , self - seeding involves two distinct functions : the ability of a tumor to attract its own circulating progeny and the ability of circulating tumor cells to re-infiltrate the tumor in response to this attraction .
The investigators identified four genes that are responsible for executing these functions : IL - 6 and IL - 8 , which attract the most aggressive segment of the circulating tumor cells population , and FSCN1 and MMP1 , which mediate the infiltration of circulating tumor cells into a tumor .
The findings also show that circulating breast cancer cells that are capable of self - seeding a breast tumor have a similar gene expression pattern to breast cancer cells that are capable of spreading to the lungs , bones , and brain , and therefore have an increased potential to metastasize to these organs .
Additional experiments revealed that self - seeding can occur in cancer cells of various tumor types in addition to breast cancer , including colon cancer and melanoma .
" These results provide us with opportunities to explore new targeted therapies that may interfere with the self - seeding process and perhaps slow or even prevent tumor progression , " said the study 's senior author , Joan Massagué , PhD , Chair of the Cancer Biology and Genetics Program at Memorial Sloan - Kettering and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
The concept of self - seeding sheds light on clinical observations such as the relationship between the tumor size , prognosis , and local relapse following seemingly complete removal of a primary breast tumor .
" We know there is an association between large tumor size and poor prognosis .
This was always thought to reflect the ability of larger cancers to release more cells with metastatic potential .
But this association may actually be caused by the ability of aggressive cancer cells to self - seed , promoting both local tumor growth and distant metastases by similar mechanisms , " said study co-author Larry Norton , MD , Deputy Physician - in - Chief for Breast Cancer Programs at Memorial Sloan - Kettering .
###
This work was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health , the Hearst Foundation , the Alan and Sandra Gerry Metastasis Research Initiative , and the Department of Defense .
Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center is the world 's oldest and largest private institution devoted to prevention , patient care , research , and education in cancer .
Our scientists and clinicians generate innovative approaches to better understand , diagnose , and treat cancer .
Our specialists are leaders in biomedical research and in translating the latest research to advance the standard of cancer care worldwide .
For more information , go to www.mskcc.org.
What is it about us geeks that makes us such great catches for non-geeks ?
It 's easy to see how geeks would find partners within the world of geekdom , provided they had compatible geek interests .
But many of us have managed to find spouses or significant others who are if not completely " normal , " then at least significantly less geeky than ourselves .
So , how did we do it ?
Here , as a complementary piece to the Top 10 Annoying Habits of a Geeky Spouse list I wrote in March , here are 10 endearing habits :
10 . Always having access to caffeine .
And knowing all the various sources , relative amounts and prices .
If you 're not a morning person , or need a pick - me - up in the afternoon , you can be sure the geek in your life will be able to find you some caffeine , even if it 's Sunkist or Barq's .
9 . Being romantic in unusual ways .
Because who would n't love to be wooed with Shakespeare in the original Klingon or a poem written in Elvish ?
Red roses are nice , sure , but they 're so ... mainstream .
When was the last time someone gave you a flashing LED heart ?
8. Finding the best deals in grocery stores .
Not everyone will notice that , even though the 12 - pack of Coke cans is on sale for $ 3 , it 's still not as good a deal per unit as the 2 - liter bottle at its regular price of $ 1.29 .
But a geek will — we knew math skills would come in handy one day , even if nobody else thought so !
7. Watching , quoting and generally loving the Muppets .
Even if the person we 're courting is n't a huge Muppets fan , there 's no decent person who does n't like them at least a bit , right ?
I can speak from personal experience here :
My wife freely admits that one of the things that she found particularly attractive about me was when , on our first date , I knew the punch line to " Good grief , the comedian 's a bear ! "
( The circumstances under which this fact was revealed are less interesting than you may imagine . )
6 . Not being glued to the TV when a sports event is on .
Now , I realize that plenty of geeks love sports ( I'm a baseball fan myself ) .
But as a general rule , the typical geek is much less inclined than the typical non-geek ( particularly the male variety thereof ) to insist on watching every minute of every game their favorite team plays in a season .
5 . Having a lot of hand - me - down gadgets that are still perfectly good .
While I can see how it might not always be endearing that we love to get the latest technology the moment it hits the street , if not sooner , this habit does have a fortunate side effect .
" Why do I need to upgrade to the iPhone 3GS ?
Well ... because I know you want an iPhone , too , and this way you can have my 3G ! "
image : Tolkien Library
4 . Owning lots of really good , though not mainstream , books .
We geeks tend to read a lot , and we tend to be pretty picky about the books we buy .
For instance , it 's only in the past eight years , since the first Lord of the Rings movie came out , that Tolkien has become more mainstream .
My wife had never read any Tolkien until we met , so after I pushed her for a while , we read The Hobbit together ; she became a fan quickly .
3 . Being really good at finding things that go missing .
This is an especially important skill in any household with children , since , as every parent knows , nobody is quite so good at losing things that ought not to be lost as is a small child .
Geeks , at least in my experience , tend to have a good , methodical approach to finding lost items , and one that usually produces results with less fuss than would likely have ensued otherwise .
2. Providing technical support to friends and family .
We may grumble and sigh about doing it so often , and we may get frustrated when our in - laws do n't know the difference between WEP and WPA .
But do n't be fooled :
We actually enjoy this on some level .
Everyone — geeks included — likes to be needed , and geeks also love few things more than to look like an expert .
So this is really a win-win :
The non-geeks get their computers and gadgets fixed , and the geeks get to look like geniuses for doing things that would n't impress a single one of their geek friends .
1. Cooking .
I 'm sure there are lots of geeks who do n't like to cook , or do n't think they do , but if you 're one such , I humbly suggest you give it another few tries .
Cooking has so much geek potential it's a wonder it 's not considered a " typical " geek activity : you 've got lots of different ingredients to pick from , measuring implements , heat , chemical reactions , gadgets galore and a great deal of nuance .
Plus , it 's like doing scientific experiments where you get to eat the results !
And there are few things more endearing to potential life partners than being able to cook well ( and not just on a grill ) .
So , what do you think — any more good ones ?
Please leave a comment with your thoughts .
Hospital catering staff were given access to confidential patient information held on a £ 54 m health service record system which is being rolled out across Ireland , according to the Irish Independent .
The disclosure , under the Freedom of Information Act , has implications for the roll - out of Summary Care Records in England , as part of the NHS National Programme for IT ( NPfIT ) .
Smartcards are issued to thousands of NHS staff to provide " role - based " access to systems delivered under the NPfIT .
Only staff with a legitimate relationship can access patient records .
But under procedures which operate locally , secretaries and reception staff who collect information on patients may be issued with smartcards .
It is also possible that some trusts could issue smartcards to caterers to look at health records to ensure that they serve special diets - diabetic or low - fat - to patients .
In Ireland , an audit found that hospital catering staff at Kerry General Hospital had access codes to the iSoft - based Integrated Patient Management System ( IPMS ) , which is used by 10 acute hospitals and 20 health service centres .
They were able to access " patient activity history , including admission , discharge ; name , address , GP , and a patient 's clinical data " .
No clinical data had , at the time of the audit , been uploaded .
Catering staff given access to electronic patient records - IT Projects Blog >>
No qualifications needed to access NPfIT database - IT Projects Blog >>
Caterers had access to patient files - Irish Independent >>
Flaws in Ireland Health Service integrated patient system - The Sunday Business Post Online >>
Tonnes of human excrement spilled across a road in Worcestershire after a sewage tanker crashed into the central reservation .
A white tanker crashed on the A46 near Twyford Garage in Evesham at about 0800 GMT , West Mercia Police said .
The vehicle , which was carrying about 44 tonnes of liquid waste , shed its entire load .
Motorists were advised to avoid the area , or keep their windows up because of the smell .
Both lanes were closed at Twyford Island towards Salford Priors and one lane closed in the opposite direction , at one point .
Police said the clean - up took several hours .
No -one was hurt in the crash .
The latest on the Aruban authorities ' search of the site where human remains may have been found on tonight 's " Nancy Grace " , HLN 8 pm ET
( CNN ) --
An Aruban police dive team will search the site where an underwater photograph was taken that might show human remains , a spokeswoman for the Aruban prosecutor said Saturday .
The picture has renewed interest in the nearly 5 - year - old Natalee Holloway case .
Officials first heard of the picture , taken in October by a vacationing American couple , on Thursday , Ann Angela , a spokeswoman for Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken , said
" We have received the picture , and the diving team of the Aruban police will start doing preliminary work at the spot where we believe it was taken , " Angela told CNN .
She declined to identify the location , saying authorities want to avoid attracting onlookers during the search .
The picture has raised the notion that , if it shows human remains , they could be those of Holloway , an 18 - year - old Alabama high school student whose 2005 disappearance while on a graduation trip to Aruba was widely publicized .
Holloway was last reported seen leaving a bar in the capital of Oranjestad on May 30 .
CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the photo nor confirm whether it shows human remains .
Holloway 's mother , Beth Twitty , declined to comment on the photo .
The photo was taken by a Pennsylvania woman using a disposable film camera during the first stop on her Royal Caribbean cruise .
Three months after snapping what she said she thought were pictures of colorful fish , Patti Muldowney and her husband said they realized that one picture contained what they believe appear to be human remains .
" When I looked at that photo , I said , ' By darn , that certainly does look like a skeleton , ' " John Muldowney told HLN 's " Nancy Grace " on Friday .
" You can see the skull .
You can see where the eye sockets were .
You can see where the chin was .
" It 's lying flat on its back .
And its arms are cradled around .
You can almost see fingers .
And then on the one sleeve it looks like some kind of maybe clothing that 's deteriorating . "
The couple , who took the photo to police and the FBI , said it was taken near a shipwreck .
The FBI said Friday that it is investigating .
" The photo has been made available to all elements of the FBI that are involved in this foreign police cooperation case , " Mike Kortan , assistant director of the FBI 's office of public affairs , said in a statement .
" Investigative leads are being pursued and the effort is ongoing . "
The main suspect in the Holloway case , Joran van der Sloot , remains free .
Van der Sloot has made alleged confession - like statements in TV interviews , one of which involves dumping Holloway 's body in the ocean after she suffered a seizure on the beach .
Aruban judges have ruled there is n't enough evidence to arrest him .
Whether the object in the photo is human remains is still up for debate .
In underwater burials , it is typical for arms , legs and other extremities to be dispersed and for lighter bones to be carried away from heavier bones by fish , wildlife and water , according to Heather Walsh - Haney , a forensic anthropologist .
" It looks as if there 's something that may be on top of the skeleton , " Walsh - Haney said of the image in the photograph .
" That would certainly bode well for preserving the center of the mass of the body and keeping most of it there . "
Dr. Marty Makary , a physician who serves on the faculty at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland , said he sees mixed signs , some indicating the image may not be a skeleton .
" What I do n't like about the photo is there 's no spinal cord or vertebral column , " he said .
" In fact , below this roundish skull - type profile you see a curvature which does n't really represent a normal spinal column . "
CNN 's Tracy Sabo and Philip Rosenbaum contributed to this report .
Almost 1 - 1/ 2 years since she shook up American politics with her acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention , former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin is set to headline another landmark political event : the first - ever Tea Party Convention next month in Nashville , Tenn .
On its face , the gig would seem a step down for Ms. Palin , one of conservative America ’s most popular and polarizing figures ( not to mention major thorn in the side of the Obama White House ) .
But with an NBC / Wall Street Journal poll ranking a generic “ Tea Party ” as more popular than either Democrats or Republicans , and Palin herself rivaling the charming Mr. Obama in poll popularity , many experts see the Tea Party event as a potential milestone for a mounting , even transformational , force in US politics .
“ [ W ] ith two wars , a continuing terror threat , huge federal deficits , and a major healthcare overhaul in the works , there is no shortage of disaffection out there … and that could prove to be political dynamite , ” writes the Washington Post ’s Howard Kurtz .
Against that backdrop , writes Mr. Kurtz , “ The tea types can either blossom into a Perotista - style third - party movement or be subsumed to some degree by the GOP . ”
Can the Tea Party movement unify itself ?
Indeed , the Nashville event is not about chartering a new political party to represent conservative ideals like low taxes and states ’ rights , but more about unifying to take on “ Obama , Pelosi and Reid this year , ” writes Judson Phillips , head of Tea Party Nation , one of many Tea Party groups and the lead sponsor of a convention that will feature conservative firebrands such as Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R ) of Minnesota .
Already , tea-colored races are appearing around the country , including the looming matchup between Florida Gov. Charlie Crist ( seen as Republican Lite by many conservatives ) and Cuban - American conservative Marco Rubio , who has gotten the stamp of approval by Tea Party folks .
But courting what many call a fringe and inchoate movement carries huge risks , argues Alan Abramowitz , a political scientist at Emory University , in Atlanta .
He says a Republican shift toward the Reaganesque Tea Party ideal could lead to a sort of pogrom for moderate Republicans , forcing out those ( think Maine Sen. Olympia Snowe ) who do n’t hew precisely to rock - hard conservative principles around economic freedom and limited government interference .
“ The Republican Party is trapped by their base , which is going increasingly conservative , ” says Mr. Abramowitz .
“ Yes , Republicans can do fairly well in the 2010 elections – it ’s entirely possible that they could pick up 20 to 30 seats in the House – but they could read the wrong message from that .
In 2012 , if the economy is doing reasonably well again and Obama ’s popularity has stabilized , that strategy is going to be very risky and this could all come back to haunt them . ”
Democrats will target Palin and Tea Partiers
Solidly behind that assessment , Democrats are aiming to vilify the rising Tea Party movement as woefully old - school and out of touch .
“ Labeling their GOP candidates as being part of the Sarah Palin or Tea Party wing of the GOP will be the key element ” of Democratic attacks in 2010 , writes John Fund in The Wall Street Journal .
But if the Tea Party movement stays largely independent and uses its grass - roots network to help swing contested elections , other analysts say , Democrats may want to reconsider that tack and try to tap into a movement that has quickly gone from liberal laughingstock to what New York Times columnist David Brooks grudgingly calls “ a major force in American politics . ”
“ Looks like both grand parties will have to court the tea party supporters because many of them are independents from the purple states , ” writes Ellie Velinska at RightPundits .
Now enter Palin .
The former Alaska governor has already expressed her simpatico feelings for the Tea Party movement , and her high - profile presence and Facebook - touted preferences for the individual over the collective will help guarantee that eyes and ears will focus on Nashville next month .
Agreeing to appear at a major Tea Party event also gives Palin a larger platform to criticize the president and Congress , and it guarantees news coverage , potentially building momentum for a future campaign .
“ This is perfect for her , made for her , ” says Abramowitz .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
" I 've fucked lesbians in Paris , hotel clerks on cots , and soldiers in uniform .
All while I was married . " —
Just a snippet of the " Why Men Cheat " post on Esquire 's website .
Needless to say , much of it is problematic :
" Anonymous " writes :
I love women .
I love everything about a new woman : her smell , her armpits , her wrists .
I have fucked large , ugly women and small , fragile ones .
Advertisement
If you " love " women , why do you cheat on your wife ?
Maybe because you do n't actually " love " women .
Not as living , breathing humans with emotions and depth .
You " love " women the way a person can " love " an object .
If you love bags , or chocolate , or music , you want to sample all kinds ; buy , eat or listen as much as you can ; immerse yourself .
But this is not the same as loving a person ; with love comes trust .
And compassion .
There 's also this :
… Men do n't cheat because they can .
Men cheat because they must , because they need to .
This is the male struggle .
Need compels us to try again .
Because copulation is not in any way about fate .
It is not about two individuals destined to meet on some dark night .
It 's about random collisions .
Advertisement
This is crap .
You " need " to eat , breathe , sleep and be sheltered .
When it comes to sex , no one " needs " to have it .
The earth is fully populated , and monks everywhere can attest :
Men 's biological sexual " needs " can be overridden .
We 're not cavemen , we 're civilized .
Women get their periods at age 13 , but we do n't " need " to start having kids .
If you " need " to cheat , it 's not biological .
It 's psychological .
Anonymous argues :
You learn things when you cheat .
It is fun .
There are a lot of laughs .
You can be more elementally honest with a woman who has forty - five minutes than a woman with whom you 'll spend forty - five years .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Perhaps , if you have trust and intimacy issues — which it sounds like you do !
Anyway , when it comes right down to it , Anon only has one wise thing to say :
" I know , believe me I know , that hell truly hath no fury like a woman scorned . "
Why Men Cheat [ Esquire ]
Here it is !
" Hurricane J " , the first single from the new Hold Steady album , Heaven Is Whenever .
( It 's out May 4 in North America on Vagrant and May 3 on Rough Trade in Europe . )
Frontman Craig Finn may have called the new album " less anthemic " in a press release , but you would n't know it from " Hurricane J " .
The Hold Steady hit the road starting next week , and continue through the summer .
Dates below :
04-02 Ardsley , NY - LIFE
The Place to Be *
04-03 New Haven , CT - Toad 's Place *
04-05 Burlington , VT - Higher Ground *
04-06 Northampton , MA - Pearl Street *
04-07 Albany , NY - Linda Norris Auditorium *
04-08 Woodstock , NY - Bearsville Theater *
04-09 Jermyn , PA - Eleanor Rigby's *
04 -10 Syracuse , NY - The Wescott Theater *
04 - 12 Rochester , NY - The Club at Water Street Music Hall *
04 - 13 Cleveland , OH - Beachland Ballroom *
04 - 14 Pittsburgh , PA - Diesel Club Lounge *
04 -15 Morgantown , WV - 123 Pleasant St. *
04 - 16 Harrisburg , PA - Appalachian Brewing Company *
05 -04 Solana Beach , CA - Belly Up Tavern #
05-05 Los Angeles , CA - El Rey #
05 -06 San Francisco , CA - The Fillmore #
05 - 29 George , WA - Sasquatch Festival
06 - 12 Newport , England - Isle of Wrght Festival
06 - 14 Paris , France - Fleche D'Or
06 -15 Cologne , Germany - Gebaude 9
06 - 16 Berlin , Germany - Frannz Club
06 - 17 Munich , Germany - 59.1
06 -19 Neuhausen ob Eck , Germany - Southside Festival
06 - 20 Sheessel , Germany - Hurricane Festival
06 - 21 Amsterdam , Netherlands - Melkeg
06 - 22 London , England - HMV Forum
06 - 24 Vitoria , Spain - Azkena Rock Festival
06 - 26 Manchester , England - Academy 2
07-01 Milwaukee , WI - Summerfest
with the Oranges Band
with the Donkeys
Robert L Note : Sometime in April 2008 , Buffalo sports writer and NFL expert Larry Felsner ( Pro Football Hall Of Fame writer ) tackled the subject of the Rocket Richard riots and gets it partly right .
You can tell his colours right off from the opening sentence - he's not well versed enough in hockey history to be touching on most of this .
Still the story of Maurice Richard and the riots of March 1955 always makes for a compelling and compassionate read , despite the inconsistancies with truth and a reliance on myth .
Felner 's is just one many historical accountings of the time , and like others , it seems to take a stance , without considering every angle , every witness and a good number of countering reports to make the picture a fuller one .
I 've tried to clear up most of Felsner 's historical errors with bracketed notes and comments .
Beyond Felsner 's telling , there is a second , more accurate account sprinkled with video and photo accompaniment that follows .
At the very end of this piece , a series of outside links on the subject are also made available .
From Larry Felsner , HOF Magazine :
Hockey has always been a niche sport , considered a superb game by those of us who love it , but largely ignored by hordes of other sports fans who reside south of the Canadian border .
The niche has never been smaller than the ‘ 50s , when the National Hockey League consisted of a mere six teams – the Chicago Black Hawks , New York Rangers , Detroit Red Wings and Boston Bruins in the U.S. plus the Montreal Canadiens and Toronto Maple Leads in Canada .
Occasionally a few of the American owners might urge that the league be expanded , but most of the moguls were satisfied with what they considered a cozy setup .
( RL - The expansion of 1967 was pioneered and executed mostly by Hab's GM Sam Pollock 's insistance . )
Their feeder system , which supplied all but a tiny percentage of talent ( RL - It supplied all of it ! ) to the NHL six , consisted of junior teams spread coast to coast across Canada , all of which were controlled – and sometimes wholly owned – by the major league clubs .
The major league 's control often reached down into the pee - wee leagues , so if a talented young player began serious competitive play for an affiliate of the Bruins , Maple Leafs or one of the others , he would remain the property ( RL - C - Form deafting . ) of that organization until they traded or released him .
With so much talent stockpiled in so few farm systems , the pay scales could be easily controlled , too .
It was n't quite cradle - to - grave ownership , but it was close .
Nowhere was the stamp of the parent team more traditional than in the Province of Quebec , where boys of French - Canadian heritage yearned to be happy serfs of the Canadiens .
By 1955 ( RL - Try 1930 ! ) , the Montreal team , referred to as " the Flying Frenchmen " in newspaper sports sections all over North America , was established as the model of the NHL system .
Montreal had a few outstanding Anglo players such as Doug Harvey , the all - star defenseman , and Dickie Moore , the reliable winger .
But the core of the team was Gallic : Bernie " Boom - Boom " Geoffrion , the first to perfect the slap shot ; Jacques Plante , the first goalkeeper to wear a mask ; the regal center - man , Jean Beliveau ; prize rookie Henri Richard and , most prominently , right wing Maurice Richard , the face and symbol not only of a hockey team , but of an entire province , Le Belle Quebec , in all its pride .
Eventually Maurice Richard was christened " the Rocket , " yet the elder Richard did not barge into the NHL in the manner of Wayne Gretzky , and more recently , Sidney Crosby .
As a junior he was considered injury prone ( RL - Rocket was considered a top rank prospect , but had suffered three key injuries in three seasons . ) , and when he finally reported to the Canadiens as a rookie , he was rehabilitating from a broken leg .
At first management feared that he would never be fast enough to fly with the other French stars , and the Montreal front office considered releasing him .
Instead , they gave him a second chance ( RL - I 'd suggest he earned it with 11 points in 16 games ! ) , placing him on a line with two experienced veterans , left wing Hector " Toe " Blake and center Elmer Lach .
The youngster , who had been the last man to make his junior team , flourished .
The media nicknamed the trio " the Lamplighter Line , " for the frequency for which the right goal light flashed for them .
( RL - " The Old Lamplighter was Toe Blake 's nickname , the line itself of Lach and Blake , with Joe Benoit , had been dubbed the " Punch Line " one season prior to Richard 's inclusion on it ) .
When Richard scored an unprecedented 50 goals in 50 games during the 1945 - 46 ( RL - it was in 1944 - 45 ) season , the name " Rocket " was attached to him forever .
The names his opponents called him were far less printable .
His will to win knew few bounds , literally .
An opponent 's view of Richard 's relentlessness could be harrowing .
" When he came flying toward you , " said Hall of Fame goalie Glenn Hall , " his eyes were all lit up , flashing and gleaming like a pinball machine . "
Wally Stanowski , a former Toronto player , went further .
" He had that fiery look all the time , " said Stanowski , " I once heard it described as having the look of an escaped mental patient .
I thought that was a good description . "
In a game on March 15 against New York ( RL - Come on , it was against the Boston Bruins ! ) near the end of the 1955 season , Richard 's competitive fury , which he managed to channel most of the time , became completely un-channeled .
It started when the high stick of Ranger ( RL - again , the Bruins ) defenseman Hal Laycoe cut him and it drew blood .
Laycoe was a former teammate of the Rocket 's , but that did n't stop Richard from attacking him in revenge , hitting him across the shoulders and face with his stick .
( RL - Richard also used his fists , after an initial stick blow . )
Finally , as the fight seemed to subside , lineman Cliff Thompson moved in to separate the combatants and return order to the game , which is part of a linesman 's job .
Richard did not wish to be soothed , and when Thompson tried to move him away from Laycoe , he punched the linesman twice in the face , knocking him unconscious .
( RL - Actually Thompson approached and withheld Richard from behind , while , as one report noted , Laycoe decked him !
Richard always maintained that he did not at first know it was the official he was striking .
Just a small , minute detail . )
As soon as the game ended , the referee filed a report to the NHL commissioner , Clarence Campbell , since attacking an official in hockey is just as serious as it is in any other sport .
After digesting the report and pondering his options ( RL - Apparently Campbell discussed what to do with the owners of the 5 other NHL teams ! ) for two days , Campbell issued his decision : Richard would be suspended , not just for the last three games of the regular season , but for the entire Stanley Cup playoffs .
The people of the city of Montreal and the province of Quebec itself were thunderstruck .
The Canadiens and Detroit were tied for first place in the league and were to meet that night in the Montreal Forum .
The fan reaction was so immediate and furious in the city that the police commissioner warned Campbell , whose office and that of the league were located in Montreal , that it would be inadvisable for him to attend the game as was his usual custom .
Public attitudes were so poisonous that his staff begged him not to even think about entering the Forum .
Hours before the opening face - off , crowds , most of whom did not have tickets , gathered on St. Catharines St. and adjoining streets around the Forum , and they were in a surly mood .
At the Montreal Gazette , the editor , sensing that the usual number of reporters staffing a Canadiens game would not be sufficient to cover what might happen , assigned a young sports writer named Red Fisher ( RL - Fisher worked for the Montreal Star in 1955 , not the Gazette. ) to rush to the Forum , not to cover any aspect of the game , but to handle whatever other newsworthy event might occur .
Fisher , who was to become a journalistic legend in Montreal , had never before covered anything at the Forum , but as soon as he arrived he sensed that what was growing among the crowds , both inside and outside the building , was a possible riot .
He was correct .
This was 12 years before Gen. Charles DeGaulle , the greatest Frenchman of the 20th Century , visited French Canada and finished his emotional speech with the words " Long Live Free Quebec ! " ( RL - Vive le Quebec libre ! )
Among those listening intently to DeGaulle was Rene Levesque , who would found the Quebec Separatist Movement that same year .
But the bitter feeling between Anglo Canada and Gallic Canada had been simmering for years , ( RL - About 300 years ! ) and it seemed to begin to boil over as a result of Campbell 's suspension of Maurice Richard .
After all , Rocket was a man of the Montreal streets who had grown up across the street from a prison .
Early in his career , he spent a day moving his family out of their old house and into a new one , carrying heavy furniture up and down stairs .
Then he went to work at the Forum , scored two goals and assisted on another ( RL - In fact , it was a mere 5 goals and 3 assists in a crushing 9 - 1 win over Detroit ! ) in a Canadiens ' victory .
The people of Quebec saw themselves in him , and what they saw as an insult to him was also an insult to them and French Canada .
Clarence Campbell was a tall , dignified and austere man , a lawyer who had been a judge for Canada in the Nazi war criminal trials in Germany after World War II .
He brushed aside warnings about showing up at the Forum , walking quickly to his seats , which were in the stands amid ordinary fans .
With him was his secretary who later would become his wife .
Their appearance amounted to a red flag in the face of bulls .
Red Fisher stationed himself on the stairway just below where Campbell sat .
" People began throwing things at him – tomatoes , eggs , garbage – and one man walked right up to him and smashed a tomato right into Campbell 's shirt .
Then a guy whom I recognized as a local street thug walked up the stairs to Campbell 's seat with a smile on his face , stuck out his hand and when Campbell reached to take it this guy punched him .
" There was a Detroit player , whom the Red Wings had made a healthy scratch for the game , who was in a seat near Campbell's .
He came over and pulled the thug away and they began fighting . "
Amazingly , the game began to go on .
Midway in the first period , Detroit had the lead and the fans began to pelt Campbell with more vegetables and garbage .
It was announced that Detroit was awarded a forfeit victory .
Finally , a tear gas canister was detonated , and the Forum was evacuated .
( RL - The tear gas came first , the forfeit afterwards . )
As the fans emptied the building and filled the streets , the riot began in earnest , with cars overturned , stores looted and fires started .
The authorities reached Richard , who seemed stunned at the angry outpouring of the fans over his suspension and the riot that ensued .
They asked him to help calm the city and he did .
" I had to go on the radio and ask all the people who were doing damage on the street and to the stores to stop . "
The rioting finally stopped the next day , but the fury of the people was slower to subside .
Geoffrion , who was in a close race with Richard for the NHL scoring title , won it with the Rocket suspended in the final two games .
" Boom - Boom " received death threats as a result .
Without Maurice Richard , the Detroit Red Wings won the Stanley Cup as well as the regular - season championship , but Richard would come back for five more seasons , all of which ended with the Canadiens winning the Cup .
He retired in 1960 .
Upon his retirement , some of the notable players against whom he competed were contacted for their reaction .
Gordie Howe , Detroit 's great right wing and Richard 's fiercest rival , put his feelings succinctly : " He was a bastard . "
At the closing of the Montreal Forum in 1996 , a tearful " Rocket " received the longest standing ovation in the city 's history .
For some 16 minutes , adulation poured over him , the fans chanting his name over and over again .
The " Rocket " died in 2000 and received a formal state funeral that was broadcast live across Canada .
Well that is all for the Felsner version and my bracketed thought .
I was completely disgusted by his article and his total lack of research .
I e-mailed him and never received a response .
In that note , I listed every correction made above , but the article remains online , mostly uncorrected apart from making Laycoe a Bruin again , and Red Fisher a Montreal Star Employee .
Now here , for perspective 's sake , is a more accurate accounting of the event of the Richard Riot and suspension .
As Montreal 's great star , it was common for Richard to be antagonized on the ice .
Teams would reportedly send one or two players to do nothing more than annoy him , and throughout his career Richard was fined and suspended several times for retaliation assaults on players ( and even officials ) .
One such incident would spark one of the worst hockey - related incidents in history .
On March 13 , 1955 , Richard was given a match penalty for intentionally injuring Hal Laycoe , after he had been deliberatally struck in the head with a hockey stick by the player , in a game against the Boston Bruins .
Laycoe had highsticked Richard in the head during a Montreal power play .
The referee signalled for a penalty to be called , but play was allowed to continue because the Canadiens had possession of the puck .
Richard indicated to the referee that he'd been injured , and then skated up to Laycoe -- who had dropped his stick and gloves preparatory to a fight -- and struck Laycoe in the face and shoulders with his stick .
The linesmen attempted to restrain Richard , who repeatedly broke away from them to attack Laycoe , even breaking his stick over his back .
Moments passed and a second linesman Cliff Thompson , restrained Richard by holding both his arms in a lock .
Richard broke loose and punched Thomson twice in the face , knocking him unconscious .
Richard later said at a league hearing that he thought Thompson was one of Boston 's players .
Given that it was Richard 's second assault on an official in that season alone , a formal inquiry took place on March 16 after which NHL president Clarence Campbell made the following statement :
" I have no hesitation in coming to the conclusion that the attack on Laycoe was not only deliberate but persisted in the face of all authority and that the referee acted with proper judgment in accordance with the rules in awarding a match penalty .
I am also satisfied that Richard did not strike linesman Thompson as a result of a mistake or accident as suggested .
There is singularly little conflict in the evidence as to important relevant facts .
Assistance can also be obtained from an incident that occurred less than three months ago in which the pattern of conduct of Richard was almost identical , including his constant resort to the recovery of his stick to pursue his opponent , as well as flouting the authority of and striking officials .
On the previous occasion he was fortunate that teammates and officials were more effective in preventing him from doing injury to anyone and the penalty was more lenient in consequence .
At the time he was warned there must be no further incident .
It was too bad that his teammates did not assist officials instead of interfering with them .
The time for probationary lenience has passed , whether this type of conduct is the product of temperamental instability or willful defiance of the authority of the game does not matter .
Richard will be suspended from all games both league and playoff for the balance of the current season . "
The suspension - at the time , the longest in NHL history for an on-ice incident - was considered by many in Montreal to be unjust and severe .
Detroit Red Wings General Manager Jack Adams leapt to Campbell 's defence , saying that Richard was becoming " too big for the league " and needed to be " put in his place . "
The suspension came when the Rocket was leading the NHL in scoring and the Canadiens were battling for first place with Detroit .
Richard 's suspension also cost him the scoring title , the closest he ever came to winning it .
When Richard 's teammate Bernie Geoffrion surpassed Richard on scoring on the last day of the regular season , he was booed by the Canadiens ' faithful .
Public outrage from Montreal soon poured in .
Local radio call - in shows became so inundated with calls that radio stations were begging people not to call in .
For his part , Campbell did not budge , and announced that he would be attending the Habs ' next home game against the Red Wings in four days .
Security was increased at the game , which itself was uneventful .
However , it saw many protesters with signs that read " A bas Campbell " or " Vive Richard " , with much of the crowd noise directed at Campbell , and few paying attention to the game or to the fact that Richard himself had also taken a seat at the game .
As Montreal coach Dick Irvin Sr. pointed out , " the people did n't care if we got licked 100 - 1 that night . "
Midway through the first period , Campbell arrived with his fiancée .
Outraged Habs fans immediately began pelting them with eggs , vegetables , and various debris , with more being thrown at him each time the Red Wings scored , who built up a 4 - 1 lead .
The continuous pelting of various objects stopped when a tear gas bomb was set off inside the Forum , not far from where Campbell was sitting .
The Forum was ordered evacuated and Campbell ruled the game forfeited to the Red Wings .
The victory would ultimately provide Detroit with the margin it needed to win first place overall and be guaranteed home ice throughout the Stanley Cup Playoffs .
Said Jack
Adams after the game , " I blame [ the media ] for what 's happened .
You 've turned Richard into an idol , a man whose suspension can turn hockey fans into shrieking idiots . "
The tear gas bomb and forfeiture had also altered the mood of the incident , turning it destructive and violent .
A riot ensued outside the Forum , causing $ 500,000 in damage to the neighborhood and the Forum itself .
Hundreds of stores were looted and vandalized within a 15 - block radius of the Forum .
Twelve policemen and 25 civilians were injured .
The riot continued well into the night , with police arresting people by the truckload .
Local radio stations , which carried live coverage of the riot for over seven hours , had to be forced off the air .
The riot eventually ended at 3 am , and left Montreal 's Ste. Catherine street in shambles .
Reporters lined up to see both Campbell and Richard that day .
Richard was reluctant to make a statement , fearing that it could start another riot , but eventually gave the following statement :
" Because I always try so hard to win and had my troubles in Boston , I was suspended .
At playoff time it hurts not be in the game with the boys .
However , I want to do what is good for the people of Montreal and the team .
So that no further harm will be done , I would like to ask everyone to get behind the team and to help the boys win from the New York and Detroit .
I will take my punishment and come back next year to help the club and the younger players to win the Cup . "
His words would prove prophetic , as the Habs would lose the Cup final to Detroit in seven games , but would win the Cup in the year after - and the four years after that .
Richard retired in 1960 after the Canadiens ' fifth straight Stanley Cup , a record that still stands .
For more on the Rocket , and the riot on March 17 , 1955 , check out these links .
18 newspaper clips from the Montreal Gazette between March 15 and March 18 , 1955 - historic stuff !
Maurice Rocket Richard Tribute Website
Canadian Musuem Of Civilization Online
Maurice Richard at Wikipedia
Richard 's HHOF Profile
CBC Television and Radio Archives of Richard
Leave Our Richard Alone - NY Times March 17 , 1955
The Hockey Game That Broke Out During A Riot - Detroit News
' Egregious disregard for safety ' caused NY limo crash
Two years after the country 's worst road transportation disaster since 2005 , the NTSB finalized its report on the cause .
