Research on medical marijuana is hampered by federal regulations that tightly restrict supplies for studies .
But there is a growing body of studies , much of it supportive of the drug ’s medical usage , though some of it cautionary .
Given the intense politics involved , it ’s true , as Abrams puts it , that “ you can find anything you want in the medical literature about what marijuana does and does n’t do . ’’
The tide seems to be turning in favor of wider medical use of marijuana .
The Obama administration announced in March that it will end the Bush administration ’s practice of frequently raiding distributors of medical marijuana .
Thirteen states , including Vermont , Rhode Island , and Maine , now allow medical use of marijuana , according to Bruce Mirken , spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project , which advocates legalization of pot .
Last week , however , New Hampshire Governor John Lynch vetoed legislation that would have legalized medical marijuana in that state .
“ Every day I see people with nausea secondary to chemotherapy , depression , trouble sleeping , pain , ’’ he says .
“ I can recommend one drug [ marijuana ] for all those things , as opposed to writing five different prescriptions . ’’
Some , like David Evans , special adviser to the nonprofit Drug Free America Foundation of St. Petersburg , Fla. , applaud the government ’s view , saying marijuana has not gone through a rigorous US Food and Drug Administration approval process .
The culture wars over marijuana , for recreational and medical use , have been simmering for decades , with marijuana ( cannabis ) still classified ( like heroin ) as a Schedule I controlled substance by the US government , meaning it has no approved medical use .
( There is a government - approved synthetic form of marijuana called Marinol available as a prescription pill for treating nausea , vomiting , and loss of appetite , though advocates of the natural stuff say it is not as effective as smoked pot . )
With marijuana , however , “ I can at least leave the dark room , ’’ she says , “ and it makes me eat a lot of food . ’’
Duda has always had migraines .
But they got much worse 10 years ago after two operations to remove life - threatening aneurysms , weak areas in the blood vessels in her brain .
None of the standard drugs her doctors prescribe help much with her post - surgical symptoms , which include nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , and pain on her left side “ as if my body were cut in half . ’’
But marijuana , says the 48 - year - old Ware resident , is the only thing that even begins to control the migraine headaches that plague her nine days a month , which she describes as feeling like “ hot , hot ice picks in the left side of my head . ’’
Marcy Duda , a former home health aide with four children and two granddaughters , never dreamed she ’d be publicly touting the medical benefits of “ pot . ’’
With that in mind , here ’s an overview of what the research says about the safety and effectiveness of using marijuana to treat various ailments .
Pain : Marijuana has been shown effective against various forms of severe , chronic pain .
Some research suggests it helps with migraines , cluster headaches , and the pain from fibromyalgia and irritable bowel syndrome because these problems can be triggered by an underlying deficiency in the brain of naturally - occurring cannabinoids , ingredients in marijuana .
Smoked pot also proved better than placebo cigarettes at relieving nerve pain in HIV patients , according to two recent studies by California researchers .
Marijuana also seems to be effective against nerve pain that is resistant to opiates .
Cancer :
The active ingredients in cannabis have been shown to combat pain , nausea , and loss of appetite in cancer patients , as well as block tumor growth in lab animals , according to a review article in the journal Nature in October 2003 .
But there ’s vigorous debate about whether smoking marijuana increases cancer risk .
Some studies that have looked for a link between cancer risk and marijuana have failed to find one , including a key paper from the University of California - Los Angeles and the University of Southern California published in 2006 .
“ We had hypothesized , based on prior laboratory evidence , including animal studies , that long - term heavy use of marijuana would increase the risk of lung and head and neck cancers , ’’ said Hal Morgenstern , a coauthor and an epidemiologist at the University of Michigan School of Public Health .
“ But we did n’t get any evidence of that , once we controlled for confounding factors , especially cigarette smoking . ’’
Research published by a French group this year and by Kaiser Permanente , a California - based HMO , in 1997 came to a similar conclusion .
But a state health agency in California , the first state to legalize marijuana for medical use in 1996 , recently declared pot smoke ( though not the plant itself ) a carcinogen because it has some of the same harmful substances as tobacco smoke .
The active ingredient in marijuana can increase the risk for Kaposi ’s sarcoma , a common cancer in HIV / AIDS patients , Harvard researchers reported in the journal Cancer Research in August 2007 .
And British researchers reported in May 2009 in Chemical Research in Toxicology that laboratory experiments showed that pot smoke can damage DNA , suggesting it might cause cancer .
The federal government ’s National Institute on Drug Abuse says that it is “ not yet determined ’ ’ whether marijuana increases the risk for lung and other cancers .
Respiratory problems : Smoking one marijuana joint has similar adverse effects on lung function as 2.5 to 5 cigarettes , according to a New Zealand study published in Thorax in July 2007 .
A small Australian study published in Respirology in January 2008 showed that pot smoking can lead to one type of lung disease 20 years earlier than tobacco smoking .
Addictive potential : The National Institute on Drug Abuse says “ repeated use could lead to addiction , ’’ adding that some heavy users experience withdrawal symptoms such as irritability and sleep loss if they stop suddenly .
Mental effects : Cannabis may increase the risk of psychotic disorders , according to a 2002 study in the American Journal of Epidemiology .
And the national drug abuse agency warns that “ heavy or daily use of marijuana affects the parts of the brain that control memory , attention , and learning . ’’
A study of 15 heavy pot smokers published in June 2008 in the Archives of General Psychiatry showed loss of tissue in two areas of the brain , the hippocampus and amygdala , regions that are rich in receptors for marijuana and that are important for memory and emotion , respectively .
Vaporizing vs. smoking :
The push now among proponents of medical marijuana is toward inhaling the vapor , not smoking .
Vaporizing is a safe and effective way of getting THC , the active ingredient , into the bloodstream and does not result in inhalation of toxic carbon monoxide , as smoking does , according to a study by Abrams published in 2007 in Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics .
Bottom line : From a purely medical , not political , point of view , my take is that if I had medical problems that other medications did not help and that marijuana might , I ’d try it - in vaporized form .
Just as Marcy Duda does .
“ You use it as you need it .
You can be normal .
You can function , ’’ she says .
“ I do n’t get high .
I get by . ’’
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
A few years ago , I studied algorithms and complexity .
The field is wonderfully clean , with each concept clearly defined , and each result building on earlier proofs .
When you learn a fact in this area , you can take it to the bank , since mathematics would have to be inconsistent to overturn what you just learned .
Even the imperfect results , such as approximation and probabilistic algorithms , have rigorous analyses about their imperfections .
Other disciplines of computer science , such as network topology and cryptography also enjoy similar satisfying status .
Now I work on software engineering , and this area is maddeningly slippery .
No concept is precisely defined .
Results are qualified with " usually " or " in general " .
Today 's research may , or may not , help tomorrow 's work .
New approaches often overturn earlier methods , with the new approaches burning brightly for a while and then falling out of fashion as their limitations emerge .
We believed that structured programming was the answer .
Then we put faith in fourth - generation languages , then object - oriented methods , then extreme programming , and now maybe open source .
But software engineering is where the rubber meets the road .
Few people care whether P equals NP just for the beauty of the question .
The computer field is about doing things with computers .
This means writing software to solve human problems , and running that software on real machines .
By the Church - Turing Thesis , all computer hardware is essentially equivalent .
So while new machine architectures are cool , the real limiting challenge in computer science is the problem of creating software .
We need software that can be put together in a reasonable amount of time , for a reasonable cost , that works something like its designers hoped for , and runs with few errors .
With this goal in mind , something has always bothered me ( and many other researchers ) :
Why can't software engineering have more rigorous results , like the other parts of computer science ?
To state the question another way , " How much of software design and construction can be made formal and provable ? "
The answer to that question lies in Figure 1 .
The topics above the line constitute software engineering .
The areas of study below the line are the core subjects of computer science .
These latter topics have clear , formal results .
For open questions in these fields , we expect that new results will also be formally stated .
These topics build on each other -- cryptography on complexity , and compilers on algorithms , for example .
Moreover , we believe that proven results in these fields will still be true 100 years from now .
So what is that bright line , and why are none of the software engineering topics below it ?
The line is the property " directly involves human activity " .
Software engineering has this property , while traditional computer science does not .
The results from disciplines below the line might be used by people , but their results are not directly affected by people .
Software engineering has an essential human component .
Software maintainability , for example , is the ability of people to understand , find , and repair defects in a software system .
The maintainability of software may be influenced by some formal notions of computer science -- perhaps the cyclomatic complexity of the software 's control graph .
But maintainability crucially involves humans , and their ability to grasp the meaning and intention of source code .
The question of whether a particular software system is highly maintainable cannot be answered just by mechanically examining the software .
The same is true for safety .
Researchers have used some formal methods to learn about a software system 's impact on people 's health and property .
But no discussion of software safety is complete without appeal to the human component of the system under examination .
Likewise for requirements engineering .
We can devise all sorts of interview techniques to elicit accurate requirements from software stakeholders , and we can create various systems of notation to write down what we learn .
But no amount of research in this area will change the fact that requirement gathering often involves talking to or observing people .
Sometimes these people tell us the right information , and sometimes they do n't .
Sometimes people lie , perhaps for good reasons .
Sometimes people are honestly trying to convey correct information but are unable to do so .
This observation leads to Connell 's Thesis :
Software engineering will never be a rigorous discipline with proven results , because it involves human activity .
This is an extra-mathematical statement , about the limits of formal systems .
I offer no proof for the statement , and no proof that there is no proof .
But the fact remains that the central questions of software engineering are human concerns :
What should this software do ?
( requirements , usability , safety )
What should the software look like inside , so it is easy to fix and modify ?
( architecture , design , scalability , portability , extensibility )
How long will it take to create ?
( estimation )
How should we build it ?
( coding , testing , measurement , configuration )
How should we organize the team to work efficiently ?
( management , process , documentation )
All of these problems revolve around people .
My thesis explains why software engineering is so hard and so slippery .
Tried - and - true methods that work for one team of programmers do not work for other teams .
Exhaustive analysis of past programming projects may not produce a good estimation for the next .
Revolutionary software development tools each help incrementally and then fail to live up to their grand promise .
The reason is that humans are squishy and frustrating and unpredictable .
Before turning to the implications of my assertion , I address three likely objections :
The thesis is self - fulfilling .
If some area of software engineering is solved rigorously , you can just redefine software engineering not to include that problem .
This objection is somewhat true , but of limited scope .
I am asserting that the range of disciplines commonly referred to as software engineering will substantially continue to defy rigorous solution .
Narrow aspects of some of the problems might succumb to a formal approach , but I claim this success will be just at the fringes of the central software engineering issues .
Statistical results in software engineering already disprove the thesis .
These methods generally address the estimation problem and include Function Point Counting , COCOMO II , PROBE , and others .
Despite their mathematical appearance , these methods are not proofs or formal results .
The statistics are an attempt to quantify subjective human experience on past software projects , and then extrapolate from that data to future projects .
This works sometimes .
But the seemingly rigorous formulas in these schemes are , in effect , putting lipstick on a pig , to use a contemporary idiom .
For example , one of the formulas in COCOMO II is PersonMonths = 2.94 × SizeB , where B = 0.91 + 0.01 × Σ SF i , and SF is a set of five subjective scale factors such as " development flexibility " and " team cohesion " .
The formula looks rigorous , but is dominated by an exponent made up of human factors .
Formal software engineering processes , such as cleanroom engineering , are gradually finding rigorous , provable methods for software development .
They are raising the bright line to subsume previously squishy software engineering topics .
It is true that researchers of formal processes are making headway on various problems .
But they are guilty of the converse of the first objection : they define software development in such a narrow way that it becomes amenable to rigorous solutions .
Formal methods simply gloss over any problem centered on human beings .
For example , a key to formal software development methods is the creation of a rigorous , unambiguous software specification .
The specification is then used to drive ( and prove ) the later phases of the development process .
A formal method may indeed contain an unambiguous semantic notation scheme .
But no formal method contains an exact recipe for getting people to unambiguously state their vague notions of what software ought to do .
To the contrary of these objections , it is my claim that software engineering is essentially different from traditional , formal computer science .
The former depends on people and the latter does not .
This leads to Connell 's Corollary :
We should stop trying to prove fundamental results in software engineering and accept that the significant advances in this domain will be general guidelines .
As an example , David Parnas wrote a wonderful paper in 1972 , On The Criteria To Be Used in Decomposing Systems into Modules .
The paper describes a simple experiment Parnas performed about alternative software design strategies , one utilizing information hiding , and the other with global data visibility .
He then drew some conclusions and made recommendations based on this small experiment .
Nothing in the paper is proven , and Parnas does not claim that anyone following his recommendations is guaranteed to get similar results .
But the paper contains wise counsel and has been highly influential in the popularity of object - oriented language design .
Another example is the vast body of work known as CMMI from the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon .
CMMI began as a software process model and has now grown to encompass other kinds of projects as well .
CMMI is about 1000 pages long -- not counting primers , interpretations , and training materials -- and represents more than 1000 person - years of work .
It is used by many large organizations and has been credited with significant improvement in their software process and products .
But CMMI contains not a single iron - clad proven result .
It is really just a set of ( highly developed ) suggestions for how to organize a software project , based on methods that have worked for other organizations on past projects .
In fact , the SEI states that CMMI is not even a process , but rather a meta - process , with details to be filled in by each organization .
Other areas of research in this spirit include design patterns , architectural styles , refactoring based on bad smells , agile development , and data visualization .
In these disciplines , parts of the work may include proven results , but the overall aims are systems that foundationally include a human component .
To be clear : Core computer science topics ( below the bright line ) are vital tools to any software engineer .
A background in algorithms is important when designing high - performance application software .
Queuing theory helps with the design of operating system kernels .
Cleanroom engineering contains some methods useful in some situations .
Statistical history can be helpful when planning similar projects with a similar team of people .
But formalism is just a necessary , not sufficient , condition for good software engineering .
To illustrate this point , consider the fields of structural engineering and physical architecture ( houses and buildings ) .
Imagine a brilliant structural engineer who is the world 's expert on building materials , stress and strain , load distributions , wind shear , earthquake forces , etc .
Architects in every country keep this person on their speed - dial for every design and construction project .
Would this mythical structural engineer necessarily be good at designing the buildings he or she is analyzing ?
Not at all .
Our structural engineer might be lousy at talking to clients , unable to design spaces that people like to inhabit , dull at imagining solutions to new problems , and boring aesthetically .
Structural engineering is useful to physical architects , but is not enough for good design .
Successful architecture includes creativity , vision , multi- disciplinary thinking , and humanity .
In the same way , classical computer science is helpful to software engineering , but will never be the whole story .
Good software engineering also includes creativity , vision , multi- disciplinary thinking , and humanity .
This observation frees software engineering researchers to spend time on what does succeed -- building up a body of collected wisdom for future practitioners .
We should not try to make software engineering into an extension of mathematically - based computer science .
It wo n't work , and can distract us from useful advances waiting to be discovered .
Acknowledgements
My thanks to Steve Homer for a discussion that sparked my interest in this question .
Are any old wives ' tales actually true ?
Can you really trust your mothers ' and grandmothers ' baby advice ?
See if you can tell medical fact from fiction with our quiz , courtesy of the authors of the new books " Do n't Swallow Your Gum !
Myths , Half - Truths and Outright Lies About Your Body " and " Health and Babyfacts : The Truth About Your Child 's Health from Newborn Through Preschool . "
Enlarge Enlarge DAILY HEALTH BLOG DAILY HEALTH BLOG
Get wellness tips , medical study roundups and news for healthy living here , including info on ... • Fitness and nutrition
• Parenting / kids ' health
• Watercooler - worthy bits
Mom was right about lots of things : eating your vegetables , washing your hands and never running with scissors .
But some of her other medical advice — such as waiting an hour after eating before swimming — just does n't hold water , according to the authors of two new books about health myths .
But mothers should n't get all the blame for dubious medical advice .
Doctors dispense plenty of it , too , says Andrew Adesman , a pediatrician at New York 's Schneider Children 's Hospital and author of Babyfacts : The Truth About Your Child 's Health From Newborn Through Preschool ( Wiley , $ 15.95 ) .
The problem is that many important medical questions have never been answered , at least not with rigorous clinical trials .
When in doubt , doctors often fall back on what their own mentors taught them , without questioning the evidence on which their advice is based , say Indiana University School of Medicine pediatricians Aaron Carroll and Rachel Vreeman .
" It 's amazing how often doctors will speak with a lot of authority when there 's no evidence that they 're right and , unfortunately , even when there 's some evidence to show that they 're wrong , " says Carroll , co-author with Vreeman of Don't Swallow Your Gum !
Myths , Half - Truths and Outright Lies About Your Body and Health ( St. Martin's Griffin , $ 13.95 ) .
" A frighteningly large amount of what we do is just our best guess . "
Carroll and Vreeman say patients should feel free to ask their doctors about the sources of their data .
In their book , they go over some of the basic types of medical studies , noting which are the strongest .
So what can patients believe ?
Not these medical wives ' tales : Sugar makes kids hyper .
Parents insist this one is true , even though 12 studies have shown no effect between children 's behavior and the sugar in their foods .
You can prevent colds with vitamin C , echinacea or zinc .
All colds eventually go away on their own after a few days , so people can be tempted to credit their recovery to something they did to find relief .
But 16 studies show that echinacea is no better than a sugar pill .
Thirty studies including a total of 11,000 people found vitamin C had no effect .
Three of four well - done studies of zinc found no effect .
But using zinc nasal gel can destroy the sense of smell for years .
Adding cereal to a baby 's diet will help him sleep longer .
Parents and pediatricians alike are perpetuating that myth , perhaps because sleep - deprived parents are willing to believe anything that might help them and their infants get more sleep .
But studies dating to 1974 show that babies who are fed cereal get no more sleep than other babies .
Iron in baby formula causes constipation .
Studies actually have found no difference in baby 's bowel movements , whether infants received iron - fortified food or not .
But babies who get iron - fortified formula are less likely to be anemic .
Teething causes a fever .
Studies show that teething babies are no more likely to run a fever than others .
Going out in cold or wet weather makes you sick .
Colds and flus are seasonal and tend to strike during the winter .
But even when scientists put cold viruses directly into people 's noses , people who were chilled were no more likely to become ill than those who were warm and comfortable .
You should wait an hour after eating before you go swimming .
Scientists have labeled that advice " questionable " since 1961 .
Exercising after eating a big meal may make people feel uncomfortable , but it wo n't cause life - threatening cramps .
You can catch poison ivy from someone who has it .
The oil in poison ivy , urushiol , is what causes the itchy rash — whether the oil comes directly from the plant or from clothing or gardening tools on which the oil lands .
But the rash itself is n't contagious , as long as a person has since washed off the oil .
You need to stay awake if you have a concussion .
Most people with concussions will not fall into comas if they go to sleep .
If a doctor says the concussion needs no treatment , there 's no reason not to sleep .
Never wake a sleepwalker .
No sleepwalker has ever died as a result of being woken up .
You can determine the gender of your baby by timing when you have sex .
Some people try to conceive a boy by having sex in the middle of a woman 's menstrual cycle , hoping that the more mobile sperm carrying a Y chromosome are more likely to penetrate the cervical mucus , which is thicker at this time of the month .
But an analysis of six studies found there were no more boys conceived at this time of the month than girls .
Birth control pills do n't work as well if you 're on antibiotics .
A review by the American Academy of Family Physicians found common antibiotics have no effect on the pill .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Buff Diss is an awesome Melbourne based artist who has recently stranded himself in Europe .
Some of his work can be seen in Paris , Barcelona , Jerusalem …
All his works are made free - hand with masking tape .
Take a look how his friend Mark Mawson from Sydney captures these beautiful shots by dropping paint in water .
By Mark Ward
Technology Correspondent , BBC News
The project will give feedback about activity levels Facebook , mobile phones , and energy meters are helping to see if people can be nudged into living healthier lives .
The three - year project will see how people react when data is fed back to them about their energy use and activity levels .
While it has been established that such feedback can alter behaviour , the researchers want to unpick the mechanisms of such change .
About 800 people will be recruited to the project which starts in September .
Normal life
The research , called the Charm Project , builds on the work of academics Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein which implies that the way people are told about poor lifestyle choices influences how they react .
Instead of simply telling people to stop , it has been shown that it is more effective to reveal how one person 's behaviour ranks against their peers .
Adopting a less confrontational style can , claim Thaler and Sunstein , " nudge " people towards better choices .
" It 's about influencing behaviour by telling people what other people do , " said Dr Ruth Rettie , head of the Charm Project and a reader in marketing at Kingston University .
" There 's quite a lot of evidence that we can influence , not just by nudging , but by informing them about social norms , " said Dr Rettie .
Social norms are the broadly accepted ways that people conduct themselves and encompass such things as manners , cleanliness , and behaviour .
However , said Dr Rettie , norms can differ from person to person and many people follow a set of norms without much thought about why they do so , or whether they are choosing wisely when living by them .
Via three separate investigations , Dr Rettie and her colleagues will gather data about consumption or usage behaviour related to sustainability , feed information about it back to the subjects , and see how that " social proof " changes behaviour .
The project will not dictate norms to people .
Instead it will find out what people do and then tell everyone involved about that activity .
Three trials
One investigation revolves around mobile phones that have software installed on them to measure how active their owners are .
200 people will take part in this trial , said Dr Parisa Eslambolchilar , a lecturer in human - computer interaction at the University of Swansea who is developing the phone application .
By monitoring power , people will be nudged toward lower use .
" We 're looking at how often people take exercise , or do they prefer to walk to work , or their office , or do they prefer driving ? " said Dr Eslambolchilar .
Participants will be given feedback about their activity and whether they are more or less active than the others in the group .
Data from accelerometers in smartphones and PDAs will be analysed to work out how far people are walking .
GPS will be used for those that cycle , to work out their average speed and distance travelled .
Still to be decided is the way that information about activity will be fed back .
One idea is to represent individuals as flowers in a garden with the more active participants growing taller over the course of the investigation .
Household energy use will be monitored as another of the Charm Project investigations .
This will see small energy meters placed in the homes of 400 people recruited for the project .
" The monitor clamps around the cable , it does not interfere or use home power , " said Dr Matthew Studley , a senior researcher in robotics at the University of the West of England who has developed the device .
Information about energy use will be sent to the researchers , who will then inform participants of how much they used and how that compares to others in the trial .
Feedback Information might be fed back through text message , a project website , or a letter in the post , said Dr Studley .
" We are not particularly interested in the amount of energy that they are using , it 's the change in their behaviour as a result of the feedback , " he said .
" We expect that most will reduce their consumption in response to feedback on their own and other people 's usage , " said Dr Studley .
" What we do not want to happen is that people using far less than everybody else increase their usage of energy . "
The third investigation will revolve around social networking site Facebook and will investigate how friends influence each other and see what it takes to nudge people towards more " sustainable " ways of life .
Dr Rettie said the Charm Project aimed to get a better understanding of why people make the choices they do and what can influence them .
" There has been a tendency in academic circles to think that choices are made on a rational and conscious basis , " she said .
" We find out their attitudes , consider their intentions , and that will give you their behaviour . "
But , she said , research shows that many of the things people do are not based on rational choice .
Finding out what informs choices and how to influence them was likely to become far more important as the need to live more sustainable lifestyles becomes pressing , she said .
" If we are going to change and make lifestyles more sustainable , then changing this process is very important , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's hard to imagine anyone taking seriously a satirical proposal to build an airport on Central Park .
Except maybe for the Huffington Post , which ran with the story on its front page tonight .
As show in the attached screenshot , the website billed the airport plan as crucial New York news .
Combine HuffPo's hunger for traffic with its ugly habit of lifting content from other websites , and this is the amusing result ; apparently the sarcasm in the original Curbed item was too subtle for the website 's editors .
If the concept does n't seem an obvious satire on its face , there 's always the over - the - top website , which calls Central Park a " blighted urban space " that needs to be " reclaim[ed ] " and assures that Tavern on the Green will " be given the option of applying for a franchisee lease in the concourse food court . "
Then there 's the fact that the Manhattan Airport Foundation 's website supposedly dates to 2006 but did not register its domain name until April ; that its Wikipedia page was created on July 16 of this year ; and that it is located on the 58th floor of a building with 57 stories ( hat tip to our own John Cook for digging up the last two ) .
We 're sure Arianna Huffington , a notorious micromanager of her website 's front page , will be thrilled .
( A student approaches my counter at our college ’s store , which is adjacent to the bank . )
Me : “ Hello , may I help you ? ”
College Student : “ Yes , I need to get four dollars out of the bank . ”
Me : “ I ’m sorry , the campus bank branch does not open for another hour . ”
College Student : “ Well … what if I was to pay you ?
* pulls out a five dollar bill *
Me : “ You ’re going to pay me five dollars to get four dollars out of the bank ? ”
College Student : “ Yes . ”
Me : “ Why do n’t I just give you change in ones for this five ? ”
College Student : “ You can do that ? ”
Me : “ Yes . ”
College Student : “ Technology these days ! ”
( I give him the five ones , and he walks out of the store shaking his head and smiling to himself , still saying “ Wow ! ” )
Fort Worth mayor Mike Moncrief apologized yesterday for the raid on the Rainbow Lounge in June , which drew national media attention sparking claims of brutality and procedural violations .
About 250 people packed council chambers and another 150 watched on televisions in the hallway or overflow rooms as officials briefly discussed the June 28 joint raid by the Texas Alcohol Beverage Commission and the Fort Worth Police Department at the Rainbow Lounge , which left one man hospitalized with a serious head injury .
Moncrief told the meeting neither the TABC nor police had finished investigations into the raid , which initially had been called a routine license inspection .
But the mayor said he has asked the U.S. Attorney ’s Office to review the department ’s findings .
Someone in the audience then called out for an apology .
“ If you want an apology from the mayor of Fort Worth : I am sorry about what happened in Fort Worth , ” Moncrief said , as the crowd erupted in applause and stood .
JPFO 's movie , " No Guns for Negroes " - exposes the racist history of American gun control laws .
Every person who supports gun control laws must be shown this film or gun ownership will cease to exist in America .
Do n’t become a former gun owner because you chose not to show " No Guns for Negroes " to every one you know .
A FREE , high - quality DVD of " No Guns for Negroes " is yours with a one - year JPFO membership .
Make a two - year commitment and you also get a FREE copy of the award winning “ 2A Today for the USA ” , another pro-2A film released just before “ No Guns for Negroes ” .
Together , the films are a devastating “ one - two ” punch .
Store membership index page .
We have tried to effect a compromize on file size , to try and maintain adequate viewing quality while at the same time not taking too much bandwidth .
Go back to the download / view page for file download options .
We encourage the widest distribution of this film - please pass it on .
The Other James Brown
2/7/2020
6 minutes to read
In this article
Public Sector , Identity , Privacy and other bits ...
Hopefully over the next few years , software developers , technology companies and the IT industry as ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 03/01/2011
I am all for Gov2.0 .
I think that it can genuinely make a difference and help bring public sector ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 12/07/2010
Of all the fun topics in IT going around at the moment , privacy is a good one .
There is a lot ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 11/30/2010
I have spent a fair amount of time working on government systems , and security has always been a ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 11/29/2010
I am normally glad when privacy stories hit the mainstream media , as the general public need to ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 11/25/2010
Interesting post called OpenID is a Nightmare highlights a few potential problems with the ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 11/22/2010
Just a very quick post to say that more details have been released on SharePoint 2010 Accessibility ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 03/10/2010
A very interesting day all in all .
It started out with a little trip to London to meet up with ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 01/27/2010
Over time I have written less and less software ; the last development team removed my access rights ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 12/02/2009
I was in Japan last month ( fascinating county , would love to go back and spend more time there ) ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 10/27/2009
I have to admit , I am hugely impressed with the new functionality on offer in SharePoint 2010 , it is ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 10/22/2009
UPDATE - Since this blog post more information has been released about accessibility in SharePoint ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 10/19/2009
One of the hottest topics in government at the moment is usage of the cloud , and this was one of the ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 09/29/2009
Well I have been away on the road for the last couple of weeks at the annual internal Microsoft ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 08/05/2009
Congratulations and well done to everyone at Spenta , you really deserved to win the Microsoft ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/19/2009
I was working with one of our teams in the Middle East to help them prepare for a presentation to a ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/17/2009
At the Worldwide Partner Conference more details have just been announced around Windows Azure , the ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/15/2009
There are three interesting posts this week from various sources around Social Media .
First ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/09/2009
The BBC website has an article ‘ Twitter to give bushfire alerts ’ where it explains that after this ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/08/2009
As reported on localgov.co.uk , Croydon council has had to suspend its use of Twitter after a member ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/06/2009
Like all things there are good and bad examples of Gov 2.0 .
One of the main drivers for Gov ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 07/01/2009
I know when someone first started to describe to me the concept that the government should not hold ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/30/2009
I am rather enjoying Andrea DiMaio ’s latest post – It is time to explore the dark side of Government ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/27/2009
Gov 2.0 can and will effect all levels of governments and associated agencies .
Over on the Headstar ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/26/2009
Tim Berners - Lee has published a set of notes that he has written after talks with various people in ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/25/2009
There is so much being written about Gov 2.0 , about what it means to different people - however we ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/23/2009
( note to self , do n't start writing a series of posts unless you have them all ready to publish ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/19/2009
Andrea DiMaio the Gartner eGov blogger posted yesterday about Governments needing to be ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/12/2009
James Brown was the Architect for the UK Government Gateway , one of the world ’s largest central ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/11/2009
An important thing happened today , and hopefully it will influence the Gov2.0 direction that the UK ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 06/11/2009
Without a doubt Cloud Computing is going to open up a whole new world of possibilities .
Looking ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 05/19/2009
So where were we ….
eID for Governments Federation for Government Overview Identity Providers ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 05/11/2009
( Taking a quick break from my Identity posts … ) I am currently out attending the Local and Regional ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 04/22/2009
So before I move off the authentication topic , I just wanted to put forward a question .
Do we ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 04/20/2009
One of the the primary roles of the Identity Provider is to authenticate the user that has been sent ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 04/17/2009
Previous Posts in this series : eID for Governments Federation for Governments Overview Identity ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 04/15/2009
( Following on from the previous post - eID for Governments )
So why federation ?
I want to ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 04/07/2009
Citizen identity online is still one of the hardest things for a Government to get right .
In a ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 04/01/2009
For Governments , this is going to be one of the biggest hurdles for Cloud Computing – where is my ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 03/18/2009
Microsoft ’s Spotlight Program was originally developed in Queensland Australia as a way of ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 03/06/2009
There have been a few good announcements from Microsoft and customers around topics on Open Source , ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 03/02/2009
There are a number of reasons why Governments need to start looking at Gov 2.0 .
One of those ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/24/2009
I would like to welcome Gordon McKenzie to the world of blogging !
Gordon is a colleague of ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/22/2009
I often get asked how and where people can get hold of the Microsoft CSP VPC Demo to download .
This ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/19/2009
So the first question that springs to most people ’s minds is “ what on earth is the Windows Live ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/13/2009
I referenced some of the issues that Gov 2.0 can come up against in some previous posts , and it is ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/10/2009
There have been a number of different threads discussing whether Government should even have web ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/04/2009
There have been a number of events and posts over the last few weeks that have raised issues with ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 02/01/2009
We are hosting this year ’s Local and Regional Government Solutions forum in Bilbao on the 22nd and ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 01/30/2009
I have to admit , I do think Wordle is great .
It is a really interesting way of viewing what is being ...
Author : TheOtherJamesBrown Date : 01/30/2009
Next >
Ellis Law
is a tough , aggressive law firm in our fourth decade of making insurance companies pay — and pay TOP DOLLAR — to our clients who have suffered as a result of the guilty person ’s carelessness !
In the eyes of the insurance adjusters , we have a reputation for playing hard ball and forcefully using every possible legal tool available to “ max - out ” our clients ’ settlements .
After many years of achieving great results for our clients , the insurance companies have learned the hard way that Ellis Law will MAKE ‘EM PAY !
Our long - established , solid reputation has allowed us to achieve 99 % of our settlements out - of - court , without our clients ever having to undergo the trauma of testifying at trial .
However , as Mr. Ellis states in his personal letter to injury victims , “ In direct contrast to the hard - hitting approach we take toward the insurance companies is the ‘ soft ’ approach we take toward our clients .
For injury victims , the thought of sorting out complex legal and financial issues while trying to recover can seem overwhelming .
We can help .
Our job , in fact , our only job is to provide you with caring and compassionate legal help .
Our lawyers will work hard to help you obtain – not only the money necessary for your medical bills and lost income – but also FULL compensation for your pain , suffering , inconvenience , inability to enjoy your family time or your hobbies , and ANY change in the quality of your life .
This compensation can be a critical resource , empowering you to move forward after another ’s negligent , reckless or careless actions cause you harm .
Our New York personal injury law firm is equipped to handle the complex legal questions associated with personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits , as well as the practical problems that are unique to your case and its impact upon your family .
We can help you address concerns such as the availability of medical care and treatment , the need for physical rehabilitation , insurance claims and coverage , the prospect of lost paychecks or the loss of your job , and the payment of your medical bills .
Call Our Injury Answerline ® At 1-800 - LAW - 7777 —
Anytime , Day Or Night — To Speak To An Experienced Personal Injury Lawyer
Our personal injury lawyers a re experienced legal advocates committed to the best interests of our clients and their families .
Our record of success for our clients speaks for itself .
The personal attention , care and patience we offer each of our clients can only be experienced if you are kind enough to give us the opportunity to help you .
Let us help you with all of the difficult problems you are dealing with due to your car accident , construction accident or medical malpractice claim .
We invite you to call our free Injury Answerline® at 1 – 800 - LAW - 7777 or submit the Injury Answerline® form on the right side of this screen for a FREE case evaluation , or for no -pressure , no -obligation answers to your questions .
Our “ Mobile Law Office ” staff will go to your home , your business , your hospital room or anywhere that is convenient for you – anytime , day or night .
After we speak with you , feel free to call our competitors , or browse their websites , before deciding which law firm you feel most comfortable with to represent you .
We are confident you will call us back to set up an appointment , so we can immediately begin to protect your legal interests .
For a better insight into our practice philosophy , we invite you to read a brief personal letter from Mr. Ellis to injury victims .
We represent clients in a wide range of personal injury claims , including :
We also assist clients in Workers ’ Compensation and Social Security Disability claims .
Contact us today to schedule a free consultation with an experienced personal injury lawyer at Ellis Law .
We have several convenient office locations throughout New York , including Albany , NYC and Poughkeepsie and a “ Mobile Law Office ” staff that will come to you anytime , anywhere .
Put Our Experience To Work For You
We practice exclusively in accident injury claims to provide each of our clients with skilled and knowledgeable representation .
Our attorneys have represented thousands of injury victims .
We have extensive experience in cases ranging from whiplash , soft tissue injuries , to those involving serious injuries and wrongful death .
We Are Focused On Your Needs
We offer several unique client programs to meet the individualized needs of our clients .
Visit our Firm Overview and About Us pages to learn more about our philosophy and approach to personal injury law .
Visit our What Makes Us Different page to learn more about our unique client programs and advantages .
You will see we are truly a unique firm that is committed to making a positive difference in your life .
As a client of Ellis Law , you will have a strong and aggressive – yet , compassionate – advocate on your side .
Contact our NYC , Bronx , Albany , Poughkeepsie and Statewide Accident Injury Lawyers
With offices in Albany , Poughkeepsie , New York City and numerous other convenient locations , we provide legal representation to clients throughout New York .
Through co-counsel relationships with a network of experienced injury lawyers developed over many years , Ellis Law is prepared to assist injury victims with accident claims and wrongful death litigation throughout New York and anywhere in the United States .
These law firms assume joint responsibility with us for the case and share the standard legal fees with us .
In cases in which we employ co-counsel , our clients benefit from the full resources of “ two law firms for the price of one . ”
In other words , there is no additional fee for the client to have full access to the resources of both law firms .
To contact our Poughkeepsie , NYC , Bronx and Albany personal injury lawyers and for accident or injury cases anywhere in New York State or nationwide , call 1-800 - LAW - 7777 ( 1-800-529-7777 ) or 1-800-3- ABOGADO ( 1-800-322-6423 ) .
You may also contact us by email or fill in the simple Injury Answerline® form on this page for answers to your questions or a free case evaluation .
Phones answered 24/7
Mobile Law Office provides home and hospital visits 24/7
Se habla español
Martin Dörmann hat dem AK Zensur geantwortet ; geantwortet auf die Absage eines Gesprächstermins , den der AK Zensur absagte , weil die SPD zu dem anberaumten Termin bereits ihr Abstimmungsverhalten festgelegt hatte .
Ich möchte hier einige Passagen der Antwort kommentieren :
Uns wäre es sehr wichtig gewesen , Ihnen unsere Gründe für den gefundenen Kompromiss zum Kinderpornografiebekämpfungsgesetz persönlich zu erläutern .
Womit er sowohl zugibt , dass es nichts mehr zu ändern gab ( sonst würde er nicht nur erläutern wollen ) aber nicht realisiert , dass wohl der gesamte AK Zensur die Übertragung aus dem Parlament gesehen hat und insofern seine „ Erklärung “ ohnehin bei uns angekommen ist .
Gleichzeitig wollten wir aber auch Ihnen die Gelegenheit geben , Ihre Kritikpunkte nochmals vorzutragen .
Nochmal ?
Warum nochmal ?
Hat er Alzheimer ?
Diktiergeräte gelten als erfunden , wenn er sich einmalig vorgebrachte Argumente nicht merken kann , soll er einen Tonbandmitschnitt machen .
Wir meinen , es gehört zu einer lebendigen Demokratie , dass man sich gegenseitig zuhört und im Gespräch bleibt , auch wenn man letztlich zu anderen Schlussfolgerungen und Bewertungen kommen mag
Er als Politiker mag es gewohnt sein seine Zeit in Meetungs zu verbringen , von denen er vorab weiss , dass es letztendlich Zeitverschwendung sein wird .
Diesen Luxus können sich aber nur Politiker erlauben .
Menschen die für ihr Geld arbeiten müssen , sind angehalten ihre Zeit effektiv und produktiv einzuteilen und zu nutzen .
Gerade weil das Internet für eine freie Kommunikation steht , für die Sie in besonderer Weise eintreten , gehen wir davon aus , dass wir an anderer Stelle und zu anderer Zeit weiterhin in der Diskussion bleiben .
Ja Herr Dörmann .
SIE persönlich – als auch Ihre Partei – werden GANZ gewiss in der Diskussion bleiben .
Ob es in einer
Art geschieht , wie es Ihnen vorschwebt , wage ich zwar sehr ernsthaft zu bezweifeln , aber wir werden voneinender lesen .
Versprochen !
Das Thema Internet wird uns alle ja auch in Zukunft intensiv beschäftigen .
Ich prognostieziere , dass Sie sich in Zukunft noch sehr stark mit dem Internet beschäftigen werden .
Spätestens , wenn
Ihnen die vorgebrachte Volksmeinung zum Hals raushängt und Sie merken , dass „ dieses Internet “ besser und tiefer informieren kann , als jedes Wahlplakat .
Wir möchten die Gelegenheit nutzen , Ihnen unsere Einschätzung des am 18 .
Juni 2009 im Bundestag beschlossenen Kinderpornografiebekämpfungsgesetzes näher zu bringen und unsere Motivation zu erläutern .
Zu Ihrer Motivation haben
Sie ja anlässlich ihre Parteitages am letzten Wochenende ausgiebig Stellung genommen .
Der Antrag von Jan Moenikes , Bjoern Boehing und Franziska Drohsel wurde nicht zur Abstimmung gebracht , mit dem Argument „ Der Parteifuehrung geht er zu weit , da sie befuerchten , bei einer offenen Ablehnung von der konservativen Press als “ Freunde der Kinderpornographen ” gejagt zu werden .
Die Motivation ist also bereits klassifiziert : Feigheit vor der Springerpresse .
Willenloses Stimmvieh im Auftrag der Medien .
Das Kinderpornografiebekämpfungsgesetz regelt eindeutig nur die Zulässigkeit von Sperren bei Seiten mit kinderpornografischen Inhalten .
Die SPD konnte bei den Verhandlungen mit der Union am Ende durchsetzen , dass die wesentlichen Regelungen in einem Spezialgesetz normiert werden , das ausschließlich kinderpornografische Inhalte erfasst .
Dies wird auch noch einmal in der neuen Gesetzesbegründung festgehalten .
DAS beruhigt mich ausserordentlich .
Ja , es beruhigt mich , dass es Sperrverfügungen geben wird , die NACHTRÄGLICH geprüft werden .
Dieses Mittel ermöglicht es dem BKA z.B. vor der Wahl „ regimekritische “ Webinhalte zu blocken .
Wenn dann ( nach der Wahl ) ein Kontrollgremium tagt , wird es ein „ Uuups , sorry da ist wohl unsere Datenbank gewürfelt “ als Antwort des BKA geben .
JEDE mögliche Informationsunterdrückung ist VOR jedweder Massnahme einer richterlichen Prüfung zu unterziehen .
JEDE Beschlagnahme wird – sofern nicht Gefahr im Verzuge ist – von einem Richter abgesegnet , bevor sie durchgeführt wird .
Aber das Internet ist ja ein rechtsfreier Raum – zumindest was das Grundgesetz und Ihre Ansichten angeht .
Eindeutiger kann man nicht regeln , dass es sich um ein reines Präventionsgesetz in einem besonders gelagerten Fall handelt , das nicht auf andere Inhalte oder Zwecke übertragbar ist .
auch wenn
Sie es noch 1.000.000 mal vorbeten .
Eine Zensur wird dadurch möglich .
Informieren Sie sich über tagesaktuelle Themen ?
Was glauben Sie , was im Iran gerade passiert ?
Wenn
Sie jetzt sagen , dass sowas in Deutschland nie passieren wird , so halte ich entgegen :
Ich hätte auch nie gedacht , dass sowohl ein Zensurinstrumentarium installiert , als auch die Gewaltenteilung in Deutschland abgeschafft wird .
Aber wir lernen halt nie aus .
Leider wird in der öffentlichen Debatte selten erwähnt , dass die technische Infrastruktur für Internetsperren sich bereits im Aufbau befindet .
Durch die Verträge zwischen BKA und den größten Internet - Service - Providern in Deutschland werden diese bereits verpflichtet , die Infrastruktur bereitzustellen und entsprechende Sperrungen in nächster Zeit vorzunehmen .
Damit ist der Endkundenmarkt in Deutschland weitgehend abgedeckt .
Nach unseren Informationen würden diese Verträge auch dann umgesetzt , wenn es kein Gesetz gäbe .
Vergessen
Sie meine obige Frage , ob Sie sich auch tagesaktuell in den Medien informieren .
Sie haben mit dieser Passage meine Frage ablehnend beantwortet .
Denn den Medien war zu entnehmen , dass diese Verträge vorbehaltlich der Unterstützung durch eine noch zu erstellende Gesetzesgrundlage unterzeichnet wurden .
Wäre es zu diesem Gesetz NICHT gekommen , wären die Verträge ungültig .
Ich teile durchaus die Zweifel an der Rechtmäßigkeit der Verträge , da sie aus unserer Sicht keinen hinreichenden Grundrechtsschutz gewährleisten .
Bis es aber möglicherweise zu einer Entscheidung des Bundesverfassungsgerichts in dieser Sache käme , wäre die Infrastruktur schon lange in Betrieb , ohne dass es gleichzeitig hinreichende Schutzbestimmungen für die Internetnutzer gibt , die wir nun gesetzlich regeln .
Die aber wollen wir .
Sie nicht ?
Ich frage mich , ob Sie selbst glauben , was Sie dort schreiben …
Es ist eine DIENSTANWEISUNG , dem BKA mitzuteilen , dass etwaige Sperrlisten nicht an die Provider gegeben werden .
Damit wäre „ die Kuh vom Eis “ und es gäbe keine Fragestellung ob und auf welcher Grundlage gefiltert wird .
Denn wenn die Filterlisten leer sind , werden auch keinerlei Schutzbestimmungen für Nutzer oder Anbieter benötigt .
Vor diesem Hintergrund bitten wir Sie , Ihre bisherige Argumentation zu überdenken zumindest aber anzuerkennen , aus welchen Motiven heraus die SPD Bundestagsfraktion dem Gesetz zugestimmt hat .
Das Thema hatten wir schon , aber Sie wiederholen sich ja gern .
WIR nicht .
Selbst wenn man am Ende zu anderen Bewertungen kommt , sollte man die Pro- und Contra - Argumente zunächst einmal fair gegenübergestellt haben .
Wenn man ein
Amt inne hat , welches einen verpflichtet Schaden von der Bundesrepublik fernzuhalten , gilt es ALLE möglichen Gefahren abzuwehren .
Wenn
Sie auch nur ansatzweise so präventiv die Rechte der Bürger schützen , wie sie versuchen Terroristen zu jagen , wäre die Bundesrepublik einen sehr grossen Schritt weiter .
Wir verstehen , dass der AK Zensur in erster Linie der mehrheitlichen Meinung seiner Mitglieder Ausdruck verleiht und deshalb unter Umständen auch zugespitzte Positionen vertreten muss .
Eines dieser Mitglieder bin ich und ja , Sie erfahren gerade , wie zugespitzt Positionen vertreten und wie sensibel Argumente interpretiert werden .
Auch Sie sollten es einmal versuchen : Interpretieren und Möglichkeiten , aber vor allem auch Gefahren , identifizieren und diese abwenden .
Freiheitlich - demokratisch , versteht sich .
Wir können Ihnen versichern , dass wir dabei auch die Argumente aus der Internet - Community sorgfältig abgewogen haben .
Wir möchten uns deshalb noch einmal ausdrücklich und sehr herzlich für den fruchtbaren Meinungsaustausch in den letzten Wochen bedanken .
Haben
Sie schon einmal eine Absage als Antwort auf die Bewerbung auf einen Arbeitplatz erhalten ?
„ Trotz ihrer überragenden Qualifikation und Erfahrung haben wir uns für einen anderen Bewerber entscheiden müssen “ .
Es ist egal wie süß eine Absage erteilt wird – sie bleibt eine Absage .
Die Argumente und Informationen , die wir von Ihnen erhalten haben , sind ganz konkret in die parlamentarischen Beratungen eingeflossen .
Auch die in der E - Petition geäußerte Kritik in Bezug auf eine fehlende Kontrolle der Sperrlisten und ein intransparentes Verfahren haben wir erfolgreich aufgegriffen .
Die Listen sind weiterhin geheim , die Rechtmässigkeit einer Sperrung KANN nachträglich kontrolliert werden .
Fast möchte ich die Begrifflichkeit „ süss “ konsultieren .
Der öffentliche Druck der Internet - Community ist also keinesfalls wirkungslos geblieben ,
Schade , dass Sie diesen Satz nicht wahrheitsgemäss beendeten : … aber der Einfluss der Springerpresse war stärker
Zumindest dies sollte anerkannt werden , zumal Sie selbst zu diesem Erfolg beigetragen haben .
Wenn
Sie uns damit unterstellen wollen , dass wir die Aushebelung so perfide unterstützen wie es Sie und Ihre Partei ( die SPD ) es tut , muss ich dieses leider ablehnend bescheiden .
WIR weisen jegliche Mitarbeit an der Auflösung der Grundrechte und der Gewaltenteilung ab .
Die Aufnahme in die Sperrliste des BKA erfolgt nur , soweit zulässige Maßnahmen , die auf eine Löschung der Internet - Seiten mit kinderpornografischen Inhalten abzielen , keinen Erfolg haben .
Ist das der Originaltext , wie er im Gestz festgeschrieben ist ?
Oder steht dort eventuell : „ Die Aufnahme in die Sperrliste erfolgt nur , soweit zulässige Maßnahmen , die auf die Löschung des Telemedienangebots abzielen , nicht oder nicht in angemessener Zeit erfolgversprechend sind . “
Was ist eine angemessene Zeit ?
Muss die Löschung versucht werden , oder reicht es , wenn der Sachbearbeiter beim BKA erklärt „ Das bringt eh nix “ ?
Herr Dörmann , verzeihen
Sie bitte , dass wir sehr genau aufpassen , was unsere Regierung tut und über was genau sie abstimmt .
Gerade bei Gesetzen und Verträgen habe ich gelernt , dass jedes Wort , jede Formulierung deutlich zu beachten ist .
Beim Datenschutzbeauftragten des Bundes wird ein unabhängiges Gremium bestellt , dessen Mitglieder mehrheitlich die Befähigung zum Richteramt haben müssen .
Das Gremium kontrolliert die BKA - Liste regelmäßig und kann sie jederzeit einsehen und korrigieren , soweit die Voraussetzungen für eine Sperrung nicht vorliegen .
Es wird verankert , dass gegen die Aufnahme in die Sperrliste der Verwaltungsrechtsweg gegeben ist .
Ein resp .
zwei Richter würden mir persönlich schon reichen , sofern diese VOR der Löschung eine richterliche Anordnung abzeichnen .
Das ein unabhängiges Gremium anschliessend die Zusammenarbeit von BKA und Richtern überwacht hört sich gut an .
Schöne Idee .
Das Gesetz dient ausschließlich der Prävention .
Verkehrs - und Nutzungsdaten , die aufgrund der Zugangserschwerung bei der Umleitung auf die Stopp - Meldung anfallen , dürfen nicht für Zwecke der Strafverfolgung verwendet werden .
Damit wird auch ausgeschlossen , dass sich durch Spam - Mails fehlgeleitete Nutzer / innen einem Ermittlungsverfahren ausgesetzt sehen könnten .
Und wo ist das Präventionsgesetz gegen den Missbrauch des Präventionsgesetzes ?
Zudem ist keine Speicherung personenbezogener Daten bei den Internetprovidern mehr vorgesehen .
Das schreiben Sie in einem Satz ohne den direkten Bezug zu dem Sperrgesetz .
Darf ich
Sie also so interpretieren , dass die Vorratsdatenspeicherung , für die Herr Schäuble so gekämpft hat , mittels diesen Gesetzes abgeschafft wird ?
Oder haben
Sie nur – wie bei dem Gesetzestext – nur unachtsam formuliert ?
Scheint Ihnen öfter zu passieren .
Uns ist bewusst , dass die Mitglieder des AK Zensur eine besondere Sensibilität beim Thema Internet haben .
Mir persönlich geht es AUCH um das Internet , aber vielmehr geht es mir um das Grundgesetz in der Form , wie es die Verfasser ehemals erstellt haben und die Freiheit der Menschen in diesem Lande festgeschrieben haben .
Anscheinend begreifen Sie ( und ihre Partei ) nicht , dass es nicht vorranging um das Internet , sondern um die Rechte der Bürger in unserem Land , sowie die Gewaltenteilung geht .
Mit Ihrer Argumentation „ denen geht ja nur um das Internet “ simplifizieren Sie die Thematik in einem nicht zu ertragendem Masse .
Wir teilen das Ziel , das Internet als Raum der freien Kommunikation zu erhalten und zu schützen
Ist dies die Stelle , an der Sie versuchen humorig zu werden ?
Sorry , aber von dieser Aussage scheint mir jeder Buchstabe ausschliesslich beruhigende Motive und keine rückhaltige Überzeugung zu beinhalten .
Das Internet stärkt die Entfaltungsmöglichkeiten jedes einzelnen von uns ebenso wie die weltweite Entwicklung demokratischer Inhalte .
Der neue amerikanische Präsident hat diese nutzbringend eingesetzt .
Sie und Ihre Partei werden ihre Wahrnehmung der mediale Macht des Internets – für die Demokratie – nach der anstehenden Bundestagswahl nochmals überdenken .
Das erscheint mir SEHR sicher zu sein .
Deshalb kämpft die SPD auf internationaler Ebene gegen die Zensur des Internets .
Sie haben wahrlich Humor .
International ja , aber in Deutschland , ach … .
Und wir wollen sie auch nicht in Deutschland .
Warum installieren
Sie dann Gesetze , die genau dieses forcieren können ?
Wir halten es aber für falsch und völlig unangemessen , im Zusammenhang mit dem vorliegenden Gesetz von Zensur zu reden
DIESE Aussage erscheint mir – aus Ihrer Feder – allerdings deutlich schlüssig zu sein .
Wer lässt sich im Vorwahlkampf schon gern nachsagen , dass er massgeblich an der Erreichtung von Zensur mitgearbeitet hat .
Das wäre mir auch peinlich und unangenehm .
Mal eine Frage : Kennen Sie Google ?
Niemand würde es als Zensur bezeichnen , wenn die Polizei ein kinderpornografisches Bild an einem Zeitungskiosk beschlagnahmt .
Hey , wir kommen aufeinander zu , aber : Sie begreifen nicht , dass Sie keine einzelne Zeitschrift beschlagnahmen , sondern Sie errichten einen Paravent um eben diesen Kiosk .
Aber was rede ich , Sie erinnern mich einfach an James Dean : Denn Sie wissen nicht was sie tun .
Auch Sie selbst sprechen ja nicht von Zensur , wenn Sie auf dem Löschen entsprechender Inhalte auf Internetservern bestehen .
DAS ist die Entnahme eben dieser Zeitschrift aus eben diesem Kiosk , damit diese Zeitschrift nicht weiter verbreitet wird .
Dies ist heute schon mit den vorhandenen Gesetzesgrundlagen möglich .
Auch ohne dieses Sperrgesetz .
Demgegenüber ist eine Maßnahme , mit der der Zugang zu solchen Seiten lediglich durch eine Sperre erschwert wird , sogar die mildere Maßnahme .
Auch insofern bitten wir Sie um Überprüfung Ihrer Argumentation .
An der Stelle frage ich mich lapidar , ob der wissenschaftliche Dienst des Bundestages auch Internetkurse anbietet .
Rechtwissenschaft haben
Sie studiert , wenden Sie Ihre Kenntnisse an , gerade was die korrekte und sehr penible Nutzung von Formulierungen angeht .
Wir möchten zum Schluss dieses Schreibens noch einmal betonen , dass wir auch für die Zukunft auf einen Dialog mit Ihnen und der Internet - Community setzen .
Das ist schön für Sie. Sehen Sie am Horizont die beiden roten Lichter ?
Das sind die Lichter des Zuges der spätestens heute abgefahren ist .
Machen Sie Ihren Wahlkampf allein .
Im Netz erwarten Sie ab sofort deutlich mehr politische Gegner als noch vor 6 Stunden .
Die sicherlich sehr schwierigen
Themen , die mit dem Medium Internet und seiner rechtlichen Gestaltung zusammenhängen , lassen sich aus unserer Sicht nur durch Argumente , Information , Dialog und eine angemessene Abwägung unterschiedlicher Interessen und Positionen lösen .
Wer sich als so ausserordentrlich beratungsresistend wie Sie und Ihre Partei profiliert , wird sicherlich nicht das Ziel meiner Kommunkationsbemühungen sein .
Oder würden
Sie versuchen einem Fisch das Fliegen beizubringen ?
Nein , bitte beantworten
Sie die letzte Frage nicht , ich befürchte ich kenne die Antwort .
Some analysts suggest the manufacturing sector may be stabilising
Demand for big - ticket items manufactured in the US fell by less than had been expected in March .
Orders for durable goods , which are items expected to last more than a year , fell 0.8 % , which was about half the fall that had been expected .
It followed an increase of 2.1 % in February , which had been the first gain after six consecutive monthly falls .
Some analysts have suggested that the two relatively benign figures suggest the sector may be stabilising .
Manufacturers have been hit hard by a big drop in consumer spending both at home and from overseas customers .
" It is still impossible to tell whether the sharp slowing in the rate of decline of core orders in February - March is simply a correction after the horrors of the previous few , post - Lehman months , or the start of a genuine stabilisation , " said Ian Shepherdson from High Frequency Economics .
Demand in the transport sector declined , with a 1.7 % fall in demand for motor vehicles , although that was partly offset by rising demand for commercial and military aircraft .
The name or term Sky Lynx refers to more than one character or idea .
For a list of other meanings , see Sky Lynx ( disambiguation ) .
Sky Lynx Continuity : The Transformers Affiliation : Autobots Function : Lieutenant Commander Alternate Mode : Space shuttle
Sky Lynx is the unbelievably talented , unsurpassably skilled , and altogether magnificent robot behind most of the greatest , most adventurous , and most daring moments in all of Autobot history .
At least , if you ask Sky Lynx , that is .
Not that he is n't a skilled , fast , and powerful warrior , well deserving of his rank as Lieutenant Commander - he most certainly is all those things - he 's just a rather bit too eager to tell you about it .
At length .
However , his superiors recognize his undeniable skill and tolerate his ego .
Springer has nicknamed him " Commander Modesty . "
" Before you do anything , think , ' Is this what Sky Lynx would do in my position ? ' , and you will not go far wrong . "
― Sky Lynx [ [ " Call of the Primitives " | [ src ] ] ]
" Have no fear !
Once again I will save the day ! "
― Sky Lynx [ [ " Grimlock 's New Brain " | [ src ] ] ]
Italian name : Argon
Contents show ]
Fiction
Cartoon continuity
Sky Lynx made his fantastic debut when he selflessly risked his own life to save three vastly inferior specimens .
Shortly after this , his peerless battle prowess was needed to fight off some ruffians .
Five Faces of Darkness , Part 5
When the Autobots investigated into the destruction of a provincial human law enforcement space station , Sky Lynx deigned to flawlessly transport a doddering old fool , that speech impaired imbecile , a hyperactive chatterbox and his friends to the filthy planet Goo .
During the course of this investigation , Sky Lynx was forced to save his comrades from several inferior opponents , including a pale imitation of himself , a mere hooligan , and those ruffians he encountered earlier on Io .
Did they not learn their last painful lesson in humility ?
Chaos
Upon the discovery of dinosaur transform static at the scene of Fort Knox 's apparent theft , Sky Lynx was forced to endure a humiliating trial in Metroplex 's ill - conceived kangaroo court , merely because , as that unrefined , multi- gunned cowboy put it , Sky Lynx had dinosaur electrons in his body .
Be that as it may , did he have to be lumped together with such unsuitable company when he could be effortlessly tracking down and bringing the real culprit to justice ?
Thief in the Night
During a journey to through the Junkion sector , Sky Lynx came under attack by another pretender to the shuttle throne .
The two proceeded to engage in combat , until both were fired upon by the Junkions .
Though the Junkions posed no threat to one of Sky Lynx 's skill , he recognized that their actions were out of place , and sped with all possible haste back to Cybertron , informing Rodimus Prime of their out - of - character actions .
Despite acknowledging his " ace work " , Rodimus , for some reason , dispatched those uncouth flyboys to investigate .
However , Sky Lynx proved his undeniable talents by rescuing their combined form from imminent destruction .
The Big Broadcast of 2006
Later still , during a skirmish on Earth 's Moon , superior forces arrived to save the Autobots in the form of Sky Lynx , though the brutish Trypticon dared challenge him .
However , before Sky Lynx could deliver what would have likely been a stunning finishing blow , the other vulgars were spirited drawn away from the battle by a voice in the distance .
For some reason , his magnificence was included in this motley crew and was even forced to voyage with them to the far reaches of space , a sojurn they surely could not have made themselves without Sky Lynx 's intellect and sense of direction .
Upon landing , Sky Lynx took command of that ill - tempered , uncivilized group of evolutionary throwbacks and directed them in a proper manner , a task which nearly exceeded his incredible skill .
However , upon finding the caller , the fool had the audacity to call him Primitive !
Can you imagine ?
Unfortunately for Sky Lynx , the menace Tornedron was too much even for him .
Call of the Primitives
In one of his most successful endeavours , Sky Lynx 's unquestioned skills were called into play yet again when Rodimus Prime required a Quintesson during the Hate Plague crisis .
With his customary flair and talent , not to mention amazing speed , Sky Lynx located and retrieved one , who subsequently restored Optimus Prime to life .
Jolly good show !
Just as Sky Lynx hoped , Optimus Prime knew how to stop the Hate Plague .
The Return of Optimus Prime , Part 1
Marvel Comics continuity
Sky Lynx 's old chum Wheeljack , who was no stranger to his brilliance , called upon him to join the Autobots on Earth , where Grimlock 's less than stellar performance as Autobot leader threatened to doom them all !
( The uncouth Dinobot was overly obsessed with catching the rogue Autobot , Blaster . )
Upon the venerable Sky Lynx 's arrival , Wheeljack requested that he put his considerable skills on temporary hold .
What a waste of his immeasurable potential !
Before too long , thankfully , Sky Lynx was at last called into action !
After Grimlock tossed some juvenile humanoids out the airlock of the Ark into space ( for " conspiring " with Blaster ) , Sky Lynx , with utmost aplomb , rescued them , and put to use his finest displays of agility evading those mongrel Dinobots .
Indeed , Sky Lynx 's feats were subverted only by the actions of another .
To wit : While Sky Lynx was surrounded ( which posed no true disadvantage to the ever - resourceful paragon ) , Blaster turned himself in to Grimlock in exchange for the guaranteed safety of Sky Lynx 's young charges .
Spacehikers !
However , before speedily returning the kids to their home , Sky Lynx took them to a traveling space carnival .
As they had no money to pay for tickets , Sky Lynx charitably agreed to work for the carnival , while the kids were taken care of .
Unfortunately , the fine print in the magnificent Autobot 's contract made all of them unwilling guests of the wretched carnival .
Before Sky Lynx could effect a no - doubt - brilliant escape plan , Optimus Prime and the Powermasters passed by and rescued the group , saving Sky Lynx the indignity of facing down such unworthy foes as a Gilashark and Rorza , the Rocket - cycle Racer from Rigel III .
The Cosmic Carnival !
Sky Lynx then returned the Spacehikers to Earth with flair and dispatch .
The humans , however , seemed impervious to his charm , and drove him away from Earth again with thrown produce and such .
Monstercon from Mars !
Some time later , the Mecannibals , through an unfair deception , managed to capture the magnificent Sky Lynx .
While they did admit to his wondrousness , they unfortunately considered him wondrously tasty .
Luckily , Landmine and Cloudburst happened upon the impending banquet , and assisted in Sky Lynx 's escape .
Guess Who the Mecannibals are Having for Dinner ?
When those selfsame Pretenders later found themselves harried by Darkwing and Dreadwind , the noble Sky Lynx showed up to repay his debt , easily dispatching the Decepticon Powermasters .
He then explained to the Autobots that Hi-Test and Throttle were the binary - bonded partners of the Decepticons .
( Which , really , they should have been able to figure out for themselves . )
The ever - helpful Sky Lynx then held the Nebulans hostage while the Pretenders blackmailed the Mecannibals into reconstituting all their former victims .
Having once again saved the day , Sky Lynx flew off into the sunset , and a shining place in history .
Recipe for Disaster !
Dreamwave comics continuity
Sky Lynx found himself embarrassingly captured by the Decepticons under that small and irritating little flyboy and his band of merry miscreants , as , of all things , a punching bag for their training !
Far be it for him to refuse combat , but did these fools not realize they were up against the mighty Sky Lynx , even with the Decepticon energy dampeners in effect ?
Sportingly , the Autobot lieutenant commander warned Starscream that it was hardly a fair match , which the Decepticon , for some reason , misinterpreted to mean that it was not fair to Sky Lynx .
Taking advantage of Starscream 's gross overconfidence , Sky Lynx tipped the scales further in his favour by splitting in half into his separate lynx and dinosaur modes , then soundly thrashing the pitiful Combaticons before the shocked Starscream reactivated the energy dampners .
Naturally , Sky Lynx 's personal punching bag Predaking only appeared after his magnificence was offline , which is just typical , really .
The Route of All Evil
Toys
Generation One
Sky Lynx ( Motorized Space Shuttle , 1986 , 2008 )
Sky Lynx transforms from a space shuttle with under - slung cargo pod into a large , beast - like ... thing .
His shuttle and pod portions can split up ; the shuttle grows legs to become a large , long - necked flying dinosaur thing , while the cargo pod grows a head and tail to become a " lynx " - like thing .
The cargo pod section has a battery - powered motor that rolls him along in cargo mode and activates a slow , ungainly walking action in lynx / lower - body mode .
The shuttle also has an opening " cargo bay " , though there is no room to store anything in it .
Even though it fails to capture his magnificence fully , it is still the apex of toy technology .
Unlikely as it may seem that anything could improve upon the perfection of this design , there were two different versions of this toy , released a year apart .
On the first version , the rear thruster panel was connected to the body by a basic hinged piece .
The second release modified this hinge so the panel could extend out from the body slightly , allowing a little more room for opening the panel and extending the tail .
Unusually for a toy of his size , he has no other accessories packaged with him .
But then again , why add to something that is already perfect ?
In February 2008 , Takara 's Encore line of reissues had the glorious honor of re-releasing Sky Lynx .
This was the first time that this masterpiece of a toy was sold in Japan .
Notes
The true nature of Sky Lynx 's transformation remains a mystery even to those intrepid souls who endeavor in that most worthwhile task of chronicling his many laudable adventures .
In the Marvel Comics , for example , Sky Lynx does not split into two beast modes ; rather , he seems to be a Triple Changer of sorts who has a shuttle mode , a lynx mode , and a bird mode ( which sometimes retains the four - legged undercarriage Spacehikers !
The Cosmic Carnival
Though it chafes the magnificent Sky Lynx to share an origin with the ungainly ( if powerful ) Omega Supreme , both were originally sold by a company known as Toy Box , from whom Hasbro licensed the designs for sale as Transformers .
As with Jetfire and the Deluxe Insecticons , this meant it could not be sold as a Transformers toy in Japan , since Takara did n't want to promote its competition 's toys .
Thus was Japan unable to experience Sky Lynx 's full grandeur — but such glory could not be denied forever .
Sure enough , when Takara merged with former competitor Tomy , the situation changed .
After the merger , an especially perspicacious member of the TF development team spotted a " shuttle dinosaur " development code name among the molds listed in Tomy 's possession .
Soon , the truth of Sky Lynx 's esteemed lineage emerged : Toy Box was not the original equipment manufacturer , but rather , it had requested that Tomy develop the Sky Lynx design on its behalf .
( Such outsourced design and mold development was not uncommon in the Japanese toy market at the time . )
This unsung hero of a developer called attention to the fact , helping initiate the process for issuing Sky Lynx as a Japanese Transformers toy for the first time ever .
Had the situation moved a bit more slowly , the molds might have been lost forever — a tragedy of such magnitude , it scarcely bears consideration . [ 1 ]
The combined form of his two transformed components could be interpreted as a Griffon .
References
NEW YORK — Allow me to quote the British novelist Martin Amis , writing about Persia in The Guardian : “ Iran is one of the most venerable civilizations on earth : it makes China look like an adolescent , and America look like a stripling . ”
Iranians , aware of that history , are a proud people .
They do not take kindly to being played around with , nor to seeing their country turned into a laughingstock .
They do not like the memory of an election campaign that now seems like pure theater , the expression of the sadistic whim of some puppeteer .
So the line I take away from the important Friday sermon of Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , the two - time former president who believes that the Islamic Republic ’s future lies in compromise rather than endless confrontation , is this one : “ We should n’t let our enemies laugh at us because we ’ve imprisoned our own people . ”
There ’s been tragedy aplenty since June 12 — dozens of killings , thousands of arrests , countless beatings of the innocent — and I hope I belittle none of it when I say there ’s also been something laughable .
Using flashbacks from a statement recorded late in life and archival footage for atmosphere , this film traces Harvey Milk 's career from his 40th birthday to his death .
He leaves the closet and New York , opens a camera shop that becomes the salon for San Francisco 's growing gay community , and organizes gays ' purchasing power to build political alliances .
He runs for office with lover Scott Smith as his campaign manager .
Victory finally comes on the same day Dan White wins in the city 's conservative district .
The rest of the film sketches Milk 's relationship with White and the 1978 fight against a statewide initiative to bar gays and their supporters from public school jobs .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Across South Africa a rising tide of rape and violence is being used to suppress lesbian women
WARNING : Some viewers may find the contents of this video disturbing
Paleontologists visiting the Creation Museum at the conclusion of a convention got more than they bargained for when they found their life ’s work under attack .
After having a few laughs and taking some pictures , most were surprised and offended to see the way in which evolution was being ridiculed by the museum , which some call a “ creationist Disneyland ” .
“ It ’s sort of a monument to scientific illiteracy , is n’t it ? ” Jerry Lipps , professor of geology , paleontology and evolution at University of California , Berkeley , told the AFP news agency .
“ Like Sunday school with statues … this is a special brand of religion here .
I do n’t think even most mainstream Christians would believe in this interpretation of Earth ’s history . ”
Some 715,000 patrons have visited the $ 27 million museum since it opened in mid-2007 to “ bring the pages of the Bible to life . ”
The 70,000 square - foot facility presents a literal interpretation of the Bible , and suggests that disbelief of this view leads to moral relativism and the breakdown of social values .
University of Akron paleontology professor Lisa Park was moved to tears as she walked down a hallway displaying flashing images of war , famine and natural disasters that the museum blames on belief in evolution .
“ I think it ’s very bad science and even worse theology — and the theology is far more offensive to me , ” Park told the AFP news agency .
[…]
Howard University anatomy professor Daryl Domning shook his head several times throughout his tour of the museum .
“ This bothers me as a scientist and as a Christian , because it ’s just as much a distortion and misrepresentation of Christianity as it is of science , ” he told the AFP .
“ It ’s not your old - time religion by any means . ”
Litigation is the basic legal right which guarantess every corporation its decade in court .
-- David Porter
c. 5000 B.C. The Sumerians use opium , suggested by the fact that they have an ideogram for it which has been translated as HUL , meaning " joy " or " rejoicing . "
[ Alfred R. Lindensmith , * Addiction and Opiates . * p.207 ]
c. 3500 B.C. Earlist historical record of the production of alcohol : the description of a brewery in an an Egyptian papyrus .
[ Joel Fort , * The Pleasure Seekers * , p.14 ]
c. 3000 B.C. Approximate date of the supposed origin of the use of tea in China .
c. 2500 B.C. Earlist historical evidence of the eating of poppy seeds among the Lake Dwellers on Switzerland .
[ Ashley Montagu ,
The long search for euphoria , * Refelections * , 1:62-69 , 1966 ; p.66 ]
c. 2000 B.C. Earliest record of prohibitionist teaching , by an Egyptian priest , who writes to his pupil : " I , thy superior , forbid thee to go to the taverns .
Thou art degraded like beasts . "
[ W.F. Crafts * et al *. , * Intoxicating Drinks and Drugs* , p.5 ]
c. 350 B.C. Proverbs , 31:6 - 7 : " Give strong drink to him who is perishing , and wine to those in bitter distress ; let them drink and forget their poverty , and remember their misery no more . "
c. 300 B.C. Theophrastus ( 371-287 B.C. ) , Greek naturalist and philosopher , records what has remained as the earliest undisputed reference to the use of poppy juice .
c. 250 B.C. Psalms , 104:14 - 15 : " Thou dost cause grass to grow for the cattle and plants for man to cultivate , that he may bring forth food from the earth , and wine to gladden the heart of man .
350 A.D. Earliest mention of tea , in a Chinese dictionary .
4th century St. John Chrysostom ( 345-407 ) , Bishop of Constantinople : " I hear man cry , ' Would there be no wine !
O folly !
O madness !'
Is it wine that causes this abuse ?
No , for if you say , ' Would there were no light ! ' because of the informers , and would there were no women because of adultery . "
[ Quoted in Berton Roueche , * The Neutral Spirit* , pp. 150- 151 ]
c. 450 Babylonian Talmud : " Wine is at the head of all medicines ; where wine is lacking , drugs are necessary . "
[ Quoted in Burton Stevenson ( Ed. ) , * The Macmillan Book of Proverbs * , p.21 ]
c. 1000 Opium is widely used in China and the far East .
[ Alfred A. Lindensmith , * The Addict and the Law* , p.194 ]
1493 The use of tobacco is introduced into Europe by Columbus and his crew returning from America .
c. 1500 According to J.D. Rolleston , a British medical historian , a medieval Russian cure for drunkenness consisted in " taking a piece of pork , putting it secretly in a Jew 's bed for nine days , and then giving it to the drunkard in a pulverized form , who will turn away from drinking as a Jew would from pork . "
[ Quoted in Roueche , op.cit. p.144 ]
c. 1525 Paracelsus ( 1490 - 1541 ) introduces laudanum , or tincture of opium , into the practice of medicine .
1600 Shakespeare : " Falstaff ...
If I had a thousand sons the / first human principle I would teach them should / be , to foreswear thin portion and to addict themselves to sack . "
( " Sack " is an obsolete term for " sweet wine " like sherry ) .
[ William Shakespear , * Second Part of King Henry the Forth * , Act IV , Scene III , lines 133 - 36 ]
17th century
The prince of the petty state of Waldeck pays ten thalers to anyone who denounces a coffee drinker .
[ Griffith Edwards , Psychoactive substances , * The Listener * , March 23 , 1972 , pp.360-363 ; p.361 ]
17th century In Russia , Czar Michael Federovitch executes anyone on whom tobacco is found .
Czar Alexei Mikhailovitch rules that anyone caught with tobacco should be tortured until he gave up the name of the supplier .
[ Ibid . ]
c. 1613 John Rolf , the husband of the Indian princess Pocahontas , sends the first shipment of Virginia tobacco from Jamestown to England .
c. 1650 The use of tobacco is prohibited in Bavaria , Saxony , and in Zurich , but the prohibitions are ineffective .
Sultan Murad IV of the Ottoman Empire decrees the death penalty for smoking tobacco : " Whereever there Sultan went on his travels or on a military expedition his halting - places were always distinguished by a terrible rise in executions .
Even on the battlefield he was fond of surprising men in the act of smoking , when he would punish them by beheading , hanging , quartering or crushing their hands and feed ....
Nevertheless , in spite of all the horrors and persecution ... the passion for smoking still persisted . "
[ Edward M. Brecher et al. , * Licit and Illicit Drugs* , p.212 ]
1680 Thomas Syndenham ( 1625-80 ) : " Among the remedies which it has pleased the Almighty God to give to man to relieve his sufferings , none is so universal and efficacious as opium . "
[ Quoted in Louis Goodman and Alfred Gilman , * The Pharmacological Basis of Theraputics * , First Edition ( 1941 ) , p.186 ]
1690 The " Act for the Encouraging of the Distillation of Brandy and Spirits from Corn " is enacted in England .
[ Roueche , op.cit. p.27 ]
1691 In Luneberg , Germany , the penalty for smoking ( tobacco ) is death .
1717 Liquor licenses in Middlesex ( England ) are granted only to those who " would take oaths of allegiance and of belief in the King 's supremacy over the Church " [ G.E.G. Catlin , * Liquor Control * , p.14 ]
1736 The Gin Act ( England ) is enacted with the avowed object of making spirits " come so dear to the consumer that the poor will not be able to launch into excessive use of them . "
This effort results in general lawbreaking and fails to halt the steady rise in the consumption of even legally produced and sold liquor .
[ Ibid. , p.15 ]
1745 The magistrates of one London division demanded that " publicans and wine - merchants should swear that they anathematized the doctrine of Transubstantiation . "
[ Ibid . p.14 ]
1762 Thomas Dover , and English physician , introduces his prescription for a diaphoretic powder , " which he recommends mainly for the treatment of gout .
Soon named " Dover 's powder , " this compound becomes the most widely used opium preparation during the next 150 years .
1785 Benjamin Rush publishes his * Inquiry into the Effects of Ardent Spirits on the Human Body and Mind * ; in it , he calls the intemperate use of distilled spirits a " disease , " and estimates the annual rate of death due to alcoholism in the United States as " not less than 4000 people " in a population then of less than 6 million .
[ Quoted in S.S. Rosenberg ( Ed. ) , * Alcohol and Health * , p.26 ]
1789 The first American temperance society is formed in Litchfield , Connecticut .
[ Crafts et.al. , op.cit. , p.9 ]
1790 Benjamin Rush persuades his associates at the Philadelphia College of Physicians to send an appeal to Congress to " impose such heavy duties upon all distilled spirits as shall be effective to restrain their intemperate use in the country . " [ ibid . ]
1792 The first prohibitory laws against opium in China are promulgated .
The punishment decreed for keepers of opium shops is strangulation .
1792 The Whisky Rebellion , a protest by farmers in western Pennsylvania against a federal tax on liquor , breaks out and is put down by overwhelming force sent to the area by George Washington .
Samuel Taylor Coleridge writes " Kubla Khan " while under the influence of opium .
1800 Napoleon 's army , returning from Egypt , introduces cannibis ( hashish , marijuana ) into France .
Avante - garde artists and writers in Paris develop their own cannabis ritual , leading , in 1844 , to the establishment of * Le Club de Haschischins . * [ William A. Emboden , Jr. , Ritual Use of Cannabis Sativa L. : A historical - ethnographic survey , in Peter T. Furst ( Ed. ) , * Flesh of the Gods * , pp.214-236 ; pp.227-228 ]
1801 On Jefferson 's recommendation , the federal duty on liquor was abolished .
[ Catlin , op.cit. , p.113 ]
1804 Thomas Trotter , an Edinburgh physician , publishes * An Essay , Medical , Philosophical , and Chemical on Drunkenness and Its Effects on the Human Body * : " In medical language , I consider drunkenness , strictly speaking , to be a disease , produced by a remote cause , and giving birth to actions and movements in the living body that disorder the functions of health ...
The habit of drunkenness is a disease of the mind . "
[ Quoted in Roueche , op.cit. pp.87-88 ]
1805 Friedrich Wilhelm Adam Serturner , a German chemist , isolates and describes morphine .
1822 Thomas De Quincey 's * Confessions of an English Opium Eater * is published .
He notes that the opium habit , like any other habit , must be learned : " Making allowance for constitutional differences , I should say that * in less that 120 days * no habit of opium - eating could be formed strong enough to call for any extraordinary self - conquest in renouncing it , even suddenly renouncing it .
On Saturday you are an opium eater , on Sunday no longer such . "
[ Thomas De Quincey , * Confessions of an English Opium Eater * ( 1822 ) , p.143 ]
1826 The American Society for the Promotion of Temperance is founded in Boston .
By 1833 , there are 6,000 local Temperance societies , with more than one million members .
1839 - 42 The first Opium War .
The British force upon China the trade in opium , a trade the Chinese had declared illegal .
[ Montagu , op.cit. p.67 ]
1840 Benjamin Parsons , and English clergyman , declares : " ... alcohol stands preeminent as a destroyer ....
I never knew a person become insane who was not in the habit of taking a portion of alcohol every day . "
Parsons lists forty - two distinct diseases caused by alcohol , among them inflammation of the brain , scrofula , mania , dropsy , nephritis , and gout .
[ Quoted in Roueche , op.cit. pp.87-88 ]
1841 Dr. Jacques Joseph Moreau uses hashish in treatment of mental patients at the Bicetre .
1842 Abraham Lincoln : " In my judgement , such of us as have never fallen victims , have been spared more from the absence of apatite , than from any mental or moral superiority over those who have .
Indeed , I believe , if we take habitual drunkards as a class , their heads and their hearts will bear an advantageous comparison with those of any other class . "
[ Abraham Lincoln , Temperance address , in Roy p.Basler ( Ed. ) , * The Collected Works of Abraham Lincoln , Vol. 1 , p.258 ]
1844 Cocaine is isolated in its pure form .
1845 A law prohibiting the public sale of liquor is enacted in New York State .
It is repealed in 1847 .
1847 The American Medical Association is founded .
1852 Susan B. Anthony establishes the Women 's State Temperance Society of New York , the first such society formed by and for women .
Many of the early feminists , such as Elizabeth Cady Stanton , Lucretia Mott , and Abby Kelly , are also ardent prohibitionists .
[ Andrew Sinclar , * Era of Excess * , p.92 ]
1852 The American Pharmaceutical Association is founded .
The Association 's 1856 Constitution lists one of its goals as : " To as much as possible restrict the dispensing and sale of medicines to regularly educated druggests and apothecaries .
[ Quoted in David Musto , * The American Disease * , p.258 ]
1856 The Second Opium War .
The British , with help from the French , extend their powers to distribute opium in China .
1862 Internal Revenue
Act enacted imposing a license fee of twenty dollars on retail liquor dealers , and a tax of one dollar a barrel on beer and twenty cents a gallon on spirits .
[ Sinclare , op.cit. p 152 ]
1864 Adolf von Baeyer , a twenty - nine - year - old assistant of Friedrich August Kekule ( the discoverer of the molecular structure of benzene ) in Ghent , synthesizes barbituric acid , the first barbiturate .
1868 Dr. George Wood , a professor of the theory and practice of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania , president of the American Philosophical Society , and the author of a leading American test , * Treatise on Therapeutics * , describes the pharmacological effects of opium as follows : " A sensation of fullness is felt in the head , soon to be followed by a universal feeling of delicious ease and comfort , with an elevation and expansion of the whole moral and intellectual nature , which is , I think , the most characteristic of its effects ....
It seems to make the individual , for the time , a better and greater man ....
The hallucinations , the delirious imaginations of alcoholic intoxication , are , in general , quite wanting .
Along with this emotional and intellectual elevation , there is also increased muscular energy ; and the capacity to act , and to bear fatigue , is greatly augmented .
[ Quoted in Musto , op.cit. pp.71-72 ]
1869 The Prohibition Party is formed .
Gerrit Smith , twice Abolitionist candidate for President , an associate of John Brown , and a crusading prohibitionist , declares : " Our involuntary slaves are set free , but our millions of voluntary slaves still clang their chains .
The lot of the literal slave , of him whom others have enslaved , is indeed a hard one ; nevertheless , it is a paradise compared with the lot of him who has enslaved himself to alcohol . "
[ Quoted in Sinclar , op.cit. pp.83-84 ]
1874 The Woman 's Christian Temperance Union is founded in Cleveland .
In 1883 , Frances Willard a leader of the W.C.T.U. forms the World 's Woman 's Christian Temperance Union .
1882 The law in the United States , and the world , making " temperance education " a part of the required course in public schools is enacted .
In 1886 , Congress makes such education mandatory in the District of Columbia , and in territorial , military , and naval schools .
By 1900 , all the states have similar laws .
[ Crafts et.al. , op.cit. p.72 ]
1882 The Personal Liberty League of the United States is founded to oppose the increasing momentum of movements for compulsory abstinence from alcohol .
[ Catlin , op.cit. p.114 ]
1883 Dr. Theodor Aschenbrandt , a German army physician , secures a supply of pure cocaine from the pharmaceutical firm of Merck , issues it to Bavarian soldiers during their maneuvers , and reports on the beneficial effects of the drug in increasing the soldiers ' ability to endure fatigue .
[ Brecher et.al. op.cit. p.272 ]
1884 Sigmund Freud treats his depression with cocaine , and reports feeling " exhilaration and lasting euphoria , which is in no way differs from the normal euphoria of the healthy person ... You perceive an increase in self - control and possess more vitality and capacity for work ....
In other words , you are simply more normal , and it is soon hard to believe that you are under the influence of a drug . "
[ Quoted in Ernest Jones , * The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud , Vol.1 , p.82 ]
1884 Laws are enacted to make anti-alcohol teaching compulsory in public schools in New York State .
The following year similar laws are passed in Pennsylvania , with other states soon following suit .
1885 The Report of the Royal Commission on Opium concludes that opium is more like the Westerner 's liquor than a substance to be feared and abhorred .
[ Quoted in Musto , op.cit. p.29 ]
1889 The John Hopkins Hospital , in Baltimore , Maryland , is opened .
One of its world - famous founders , Dr. William Stewart Halsted , is a morphine addict .
He continues to use morphine in large doses throughout his phenomenally successful surgical career lasting until his death in 1922 .
1894 The Report of the Indian Hemp Drug Comission , running to over three thousand pages in seven volumes , is published .
This inquiry , commissioned by the British government , concluded : " There is no evidence of any weight regarding the mental and moral injuries from the moderate use of these drugs .
.... Moderation does not lead to excess in hemp any more than it does in alcohol .
Regular , moderate use of ganja or bhang produces the same effects as moderate and regular doses of whiskey . "
The commission 's proposal to tax bhang is never put into effect , in part , perhaps , because one of the commissioners , an Indian , cautions that Moslem law and Hindu custom forbid " taxing anything that gives pleasure to the poor . "
[ Quoted in Norman Taylor , The pleasant assassin :
The story of marihuana , in David Solomon ( Ed. ) * The Marijuana Papers * , pp.31 -47 , p.41 ]
1894 Norman Kerr , and English physician and president of the British Society for the study of Inebriety , declares : " Drunkenness has generally been regarded as ... a sin a vice , or a crime ... [ But ] there is now a consensus of intelligent opinion that habitual and periodic drunkenness is often either a symptom or sequel of disease ....
The victim can no more resist [ alcohol ] than an man with ague can resist shivering .
[ Quoted in Roueche , op.cit. , pp.107-108 ]
1898 Diacetylmorphine ( heroin ) is synthesized in Germany .
It is widely lauded as a " safe preparation free from addiction - forming properties . "
[ Montagu , op.cit. p.68 ]
1900 In an address to the Ecumenical Missionary Conference , Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts declares : " No Christian celebration of the completion of nineteen Christian centuries has yet been arranged .
Could there be a fitter one than the general adoption , by separate and joint action of the great nations of the world , of the new policy of civilization , in which Great Britian is leading , the policy of prohibition for the native races , in the interest of commerce as well as conscience , since the liquor traffic among child races , even more manifestly than in civilized lands , injures all other trades by producing poverty , disease , and death .
Our object , more profoundly viewed , is to create a more favorable environment for the child races that civilized nations are essaying to civilize and Christianize . "
[ Quoted in Crafts , et.al. , op.cit. , p.14 ]
1900 James R.L. Daly , writing in the * Boston Medical and Surgical Journal * , declares : " It [ heroin ] possesses many advantages over morphine ....
It is not hypnotic ; and there is no danger of acquiring the habit .... " [ Quoted in Henry H. Lennard et.al .
Methadone treatment ( letters ) , * Science * , 179:1078 -1079 , 1973 ; p.1079 ]
1901 The Senate adopts a resolution , introduced by Henry Cabot Lodge , to forbid the sale by American traders of opium and alcohol " to aboriginal tribes and uncivilized races . "
Theses provisions are later extended to include " uncivilized elements in America itself and in its territories , such as Indians , Alaskans , the inhabitants of Hawaii , railroad workers , and immigrants at ports of entry . "
[ Sinclar , op.cit. p.33 ]
1902 The Committee on the Acquirement of the Drug Habit of the American Pharmaceutical Association declares : " If the Chinaman can not get along without his ' dope , ' we can get along without him . "
[ Quoted in ibid , p.17 ]
1902 George E. Petty , writing in the * Alabama Medical Journal * , observes : " Many articles have appeared in the medical literature during the last two years lauding this new agent ....
When we consider the fact that heroin is a morphine derivative ... it does not seem reasonable that such a claim could be well founded .
It is strange that such a claim should mislead anyone or that there should be found among the members of our profession those who would reiterate and accentuate it without first subjecting it to the most critical tests , but such is the fact . "
[ Quoted in Lennard et.al. , op . cit. p.1079 ]
1903
The composition of Coca - Cola is changed , caffeine replacing the cocaine it contained until this time .
{ Musto , op.cit. p.43 ]
1904 Charles Lyman , president of the International Reform Bureau , petitions the President of the United States " to induce Great Britain to release China from the enforced opium traffic ....
We need not recall in detail that China prohibited the sale of opium except as a medicine , until the sale was forced upon that country by Great Britian in the opium war of 1840 . "
[ Quoted in Crafts et al. , op.cit. p.230 ]
1905 Senator Henry W. Blair , in a letter to Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts , Superintendent of the International Reform Bureau : " The temperance movement must include all poisonoussubstances which create unnatural appetite , and international prohibition is the goal . " [ ibid . ]
1906 The first Pure Food and Drug Act becomes law ; until its enactment , it was possible to buy , in stores or by mail order medicines containing morphine , cocaine , or heroin , and without their being so labeled .
1906 * Squibb's Materia Medical * lists heroin as " a remedy of much value ... is is also used as a mild anodyne and as a substitute for morphine in combatting the morphine habit .
[ Quoted in Lennard et al. , op.cit. p.1079 ]
1909 The United States prohibits the importation of smoking opium .
[ Lawrence Kolb , * Drug Addiction * , pp.145-46 ]
1910 Dr. Hamilton
Wright , considered by some the father of U.S. anti- narcotics laws , reports that American contractors give cocaine to their Negro employees to get more work out of them .
[ Musto , op.cit. p.180 ]
1912 A writer in * Century * magazine proclaims : " The relation of tobacco , especially in the form of cigarettes , and alcohol and opium is a very close one .
... Morphine is the legitimate consequence of alcohol , and alcohol is the legitimate consequence of tobacco .
Cigarettes , drink , opium , is the logical and regular series . "
And a physician warns : " [ There is ] no energy more destructive of soul , mind , and body , or more subversive of good morals than the cigarette .
The fight against the cigarette is a fight for civilization . "
[ Sinclar , op.cit. , p.180 ]
1912 The first international Opium Convention meets at the Hague , and recommends various measures for the international control of the trade in opium .
Supsequent Opium Conventions are held in 1913 and 1914 .
1912 Phenobarbital is introduced into therapeutics under the trade name of Luminal .
1913 The Sixteenth Amendment , creating the legal authority for federal income tax , is enacted .
Between 1870 and 1915 , the tax on liquor provides from one - half to two - thirds of the whole of the internal revenue of the United States , amounting , after the turn of the century , to about $ 200 million annually .
The Sixteenth Amendment thus makes possible , just seven years later , the Eighteenth Amendment .
1914 Dr. Edward H Williams cites Dr. Christopher Kochs " Most of the attack upon white women of the South are the direct result of the cocaine crazed Negro brain . "
Dr. Williams concluded that " .. Negro cocaine fiends are now a know Southern menace . "
[ New York Times , Feb. 8 , 1914 ]
1914 The Harrison Narcotic
Act is enacted , controlling the sale of opium and opium derivatives , and cocaine .
1914 Congressman Richard p.Hobson of Alabama , urging a prohibition amendment to the Constitution , asserts : " Liquor will actually make a brute out of a Negro , causing him to commit unnatural crimes .
The effect is the same on the white man , though the white man being further evolved it takes longer time to reduce him to the same level . "
Negro leaders join the crusade against alcohol .
[ Ibid. , p.29 ]
1916 The * Pharmacopoeia of the United States * drops whiskey and brandy from its list of drugs .
Four years later , American physicians begin prescribing these " drugs " in quantities never before prescribed by doctors .
1917 The president of the American Medical Association endorses national prohibition .
The House of Delegates of the Association passes a resolution stating : " Resolved , The American Medical Association opposes the use of alcohol as a beverage ; and be it further Resolved , That the use of alcohol as a therapeutic agent should be discourages . "
By 1928 , physicians make an estimated $ 40,000,000 annually by writing prescriptions for whiskey . "
[ Ibid . p.61 ]
1917 The American Medical Association passes a resolution declaring that " sexual continence is compatible with health and is the best prevention of venereal infections , " and one of the methods for controlling syphilis is by controlling alcohol .
Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels prohibits the practice of distributing contraceptives to sailors bound on shore leave , and Congress passes laws setting up " dry and decent zones " around military camps .
" Many barkeepers are fined for selling liquor to men in uniform .
Only at Coney Island could soldiers and sailors change into the grateful anonymity of bathing suits and drink without molestation from patriotic passers - by . "
[ Ibid. pp.117-18 ]
1918 The Anti-Saloon League calls the " liquor traffic " " un-American , " pro-German , crime - producing , food - wasting , youth - corrupting , home - wrecking , [ and ] treasonable . " [ ibid . p.121 ]
1919 The Eighteenth ( Prohibition ) Amendment is added to the U.S. Constitution .
It is repealed in 1933 .
1920 The U.S. Department of Agriculture publishes a pamphlet urging Americans to grow cannabis ( marijuana ) as a profitable undertaking .
[ David F. Musto ,
An historical perspective on legal and medical responses to substance abuse , * Villanova Law Review * , 18:808-817 ( May ) , 1973 ; p.816 ]
1920 - 1933
The use of alcohol is prohibited in the United States .
In 1932 alone , approximately 45,000 persons receive jail sentences for alcohol offenses .
During the first eleven years of the Volstead Act , 17,971 persons are appointed to the Prohibition Bureau .
11,982 are terminated " without prejudice , " and 1,604 are dismissed for bribery , extortion , theft , falsification of records , conspiracy , forgery , and perjury .
[ Fort , op.cit. p.69 ]
1921 The U.S. Treasury Departmen issues regulations outlining the treatment of addiction permitted under the Harrison Act .
In Syracuse , New York , the narcotics clinic doctors report curing 90 per cent of their addicts .
[ Lindensmith , * The Addict and the Law* , p.141 ]
1921 Thomas S. Blair , M.D. , chief of the Bureau of Drug Control of the Pennsylvania Department of Health , publishes a paper in the * Journal of the American Medical Association * in which he characterizes the Indian peyote religion a " habit indulgence in certain cactaceous plants , " calls the belief system " superstition " and those who sell peyote " dope vendors , " and urges the passage of a bill in Congress that would prohibit the use of peyote among the Indian tribes of the Southwest .
He concludes with this revealing plea for abolition : " The great difficulty in suppressing this habit among the Indians arises from the fact that the commercial interests involved in the peyote traffic are strongly entrenched , and they exploit the Indian ....
Added to this is the superstition of the Indian who believes in the Peyote Church .
As soon as an effort is made to suppress peyote , the cry is raised that it is unconstitutional to do so and is an invasion of religious liberty .
Suppose the Negros of the South had Cocaine Church ! " [ Thomas S. Blair , Habit indulgence in certain cactaceous plants among the Indians , * Journal of the American Medical Association * , 76:1033 -1034 , 1921 ; p.1034 ]
1921 Cigarettes are illegal in fourteen states , and ninety - two anti- cigarette bills are pending in twenty - eight states .
Young women are expelled from college for smoking cigarettes .
[ Brecher et al. , op.cit. p.492 ]
1921 The Council of the American Medical Association refuses to confirm the Associations 1917 Resolution on alcohol .
In the first six months after the enactment of the Volstead Act , more than 15,000 physicians and 57,000 druggests and drug manufacturers apply for licenses to prescribe and sell liquor .
[ Sinclair , op.cit. , p.492 ]
1921 Alfred C. Prentice , M.D. , a member of the Committee on Narcotic Drugs of the American Medical Association , declares " Public opinion regarding the vice of drug addiction has been deliberately and consistently corrupted through propaganda in both the medical and lay press ....
The shallow pretense that drug addiction is a ' disease ' .... has been asserted and urged in volumes of ' literature ' by self - styled ' specialists . ' "
[ Alfred C Prentice , The Problem of the narcotic drug addict , * Journal of the American Medical Association * , 76:1551-1556 ; p.1553 ]
1924 The manufacture of heroin is prohibited in the United States .
1925 Robert A. Schless : " I believe that most drug addiction today is due directly to the Harrison Anti-Narcotic Act , which forbids the sale of narcotics without a physician 's prescription ....
Addicts who are broke act as * agent provocateurs * for the peddlers , being rewarded by gifts of heroin or credit for supplies .
The Harrison
Act made the drug peddler , and the drug peddler makes drug addicts . "
[ Robert A. Schless ,
The drug addict , * American Mercury * , 4:196-199 , 1925 ; p.198 ]
1928 In a nationwide radio broadcast entitled " The Struggle of Manking Against Its Deadlist Foe , " celebrating the second annual Narcotic Education Week , Richmond p.Hobson , prohibition crusader and anti-narcotics propagandist , declares : " Suppose it were announced that there were more than a million lepers among our people .
Think what a shock the announcement would produce !
Yet drug addiction is far more incurable than leprosy , far more tragic to its victims , and is spreading like a moral and physical scourge ....
Most of the daylight robberies , daring holdups , cruel murders and similar crimes of violence are now known to be committed chiefly by drug addicts , who constitute the primary cause of our alarming crime wave .
Drug addiction is more communicable and less curable that leprosy ....
Upon the issue hangs the perpetuation of civilization , the destiny of the world , and the future of the human race . "
[ Quoted in Musto , * The American Disease * , p.191 ]
1928
It is estimated that in Germany one out of every hundred physicians is a morphine addict , consuming 0.1 grams of the alkaloid or more per day .
[ Eric Hesse , * Narcotics and Drug Addiction * , p.41 ]
1929 About one gallon of denatured industrial in ten is diverted into bootleg liquor .
About forty Americans per million die each year from drinking illegal alcohol , mainly as a result of methyl ( wood ) alcohol poisoning .
[ Sinclare , op.cit. p.201 ]
1930 The Federal Bureau of Narcotics is formed .
Many of its agents , including its first commissioner , Harry J. Anslinger , are former prohibition agents .
1935 The American Medical Association passes a resolution declaring that " alcoholics are valid patients . "
[ Quoted in Neil Kessel and Henry Walton , * Alcoholism * , p.21 ]
1936 The Pan -American Coffee Burreau is organized to promote coffee use in the U.S. Between 1938 and 1941 coffee consumption increased 20 % .
From 1914 to 1938 consumption had increased 20 % .
[ Coffee , * Encyclopedia Britannica * ( 1949 ) , Vol.5 , p.975A ]
1937 Shortly before the Marijuana Tax Act , Commissioner Harry J. Anslinger writes : " How many murders , suicides , robberies , criminal assaults , hold - ups , burglaries , and deeds of maniacal insanity it [ marijuana ] causes each year , especially among the young , can only be conjectured . "
[ Quoted in John Kaplan , * Marijuana * , p.92 ]
1937 The Marijuana Tax
Act is enacted .
1938 Since the enactment of the Harrison Act in 1914 , 25,000 physicians have been arraigned on narcotics charges , and 3,000 have served penitentiary sentences .
[ Kolb , op.cit. p.146 ]
1938 Dr. Albert Hoffman , a chemist at Sandoz Laboratories in Basle , Switzerland , synthesizes LSD .
Five years later he inadvertently ingests a small amount of it , and observes and reports effects on himself .
1941 Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek orders the complete suppression of the poppy ; laws are enacted providing the death penalty for anyone guilty of cultivating the poppy , manufacturing opium , or offering it for sale .
[ Lindensmith , * The Addict and the Law* , 198 ]
1943 Colonel J.M. Phalen , editor of the * Military Surgeon * , declares in an editorial entitled " The Marijuana Bugaboo " : " The smoking of the leaves , flowers , and seeds of Cannibis sativa is no more harmful than the smoking of tobacco ....
It is hoped that no witch hunt will be instituted in the military service over a problem that does not exist . " [ ibid . p.234 ]
1946 According to some estimates there are 40,000,000 opium smokers in China .
[ Hesse , op.cit. p.24 ]
1949 Ludwig von Mises , leading modern free - market economist and social philosopher : " Opium and morphine are certainly dangerous , habit - forming drugs .
But once the principle is admitted that is the duty of government to protect the individual against his own foolishness , no serious objections can be advanced against further encroachments .
A good case could be made out in favor of the prohibition of alcohol and nicotine .
And why limit the governments benevolent providence to the protection of the individual 's body only ?
Is is not the harm a man can inflect on his mind and soul even more disastrous than any bodily evils ?
Why not prevent him from reading bad books and seeing bad plays , from looking at bad paintings and statues and listening to bad music ?
The mischief done by bad ideologies , surely , is much more pernicious , both for the individual and for the whole society , than that done by narcotic drugs . "
[ Ludwig von Mises , * Human Action * , pp.728-29 ]
1951 According to United Nations estimates , there are approximately 200 million marijuana users in the world , the major places being India , Egypt , North Africa , Mexico , and the United States .
[ Jock Young , * The Drug Takers * , p.11 ]
1951 Twenty thousand pound of opium , three hundred pounds of heroin , and various opium - smoking devices are publicly burned in Canton China .
Thirty - seven opium addicts are executed in the southwest of China .
[ Margulies , China has no drug problem -- why ?
* Parade * , 0ct. 15 1972 , p.22 ]
1954 Four - fifths of the French people questioned about wine assert that wine is " good for one 's health , " and one quarter hold that it is " indispensable . "
It is estimated that a third of the electorate in France receives all or part of its income from the production or sale of alcoholic beverages ; and that there is one outlet for every forty - five inhabitants .
[ Kessel and Walton , op.cit. pp.45 , 73 ]
1955 The Prasidium des Deutschen Arztetages declares : " Treatment of the drug addict should be effected in the closed sector of a psychiatric institution .
Ambulatory treatment is useless and in conflict , moreover , with principles of medical ethics . "
The view is quoted approvingly , as representative of the opinion of " most of the authors recommending commitment to an institution , " by the World Health Organization in 1962 .
[ World Health Organization , * The Treatment of Drug Addicts * , p.5 ]
1955 The Shah of Iran prohibits the cultivation and use of opium , used in the country for thousands of years ; the prohibition creates a flourishing illicit market in opium .
In 1969 the prohibition is lifted , opium growing is resumed under state inspection , and more than 110,000 persons receive opium from physicians and pharmacies as " registered addicts . "
[ Henry Kamm ,
They shoot opium smugglers in Iran , but ... "
* The New York Times Magazine * , Feb. 11 , 1973 , pp.42-45 ]
1956 The Narcotics Control
Act in enacted ; it provides the death penalty , if recommended by the jury , for the sale of heroin to a person under eighteen by one over eighteen .
[ Lindesmith , * The Addict and the Law* , p.26 ]
1958 Ten percent of the arable land in Italy is under viticulture ; two million people earn their living wholly or partly from the production or sale of wine .
[ Kessel and Walton , op.cit. , p.46 ]
1960 The United States report to the United Nations Commission on Narcotic Drugs for 1960 states : " There were 44,906 addicts in the United States on December 31 , 1960 ... "
[ Lindesmith , * The Addict and The Law* , p.100 ]
1961 The United Nations ' " Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 10 March 1961 " is ratified .
Among the obligations of the signatory states are the following : " Art. 42 .
Know users of drugs and persons charges with an offense under this Law may be committed by an examining magistrate to a nursing home ....
Rules shall be also laid down for the treatment in such nursing homes of unconvicted drug addicts and dangerous alcoholics . "
[ Charles Vaille , A model law for the application of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs , 1961 , * United Nations Bulletin on Narcotics * , 21:1 - 12 ( April - June ) , 1961 ]
1963 Tobacco sales total $ 8.08 billion , of which $ 3.3 billion go to federal , state , and local taxes .
A news release from the tobacco industry proudly states : " Tobacco products pass across sales counters more frequently than anything else -- except money . "
[ Tobacco : After publicity surge Surgeon General 's Report seems to have little enduring effect , * Science * , 145:1021 -1022 ( Sept.4 ) , 1964 ; p.1021 ]
1964 The British Medical Association , in a Memorandum of Evidence to the Standing Medical Advisory Committee 's Special Sub - committee on Alcoholism , declares : " We feel that in some very bad cases , compulsory detention in hospital offer the only hope of successful treatment ....
We believe that some alcoholics would welcome compulsory removal and detention in hospital until treatment is completed . "
[ Quoted in Kessel and Walton , op.cit. p.126 ]
1964 An editorial in * The New York Times * calls attention to the fact that " the Government continues to be the tobacco industry 's biggest booster .
The Department of Agriculture lost $ 16 million in supporting the price of tobacco in the last fiscal year , and stands to loose even more because it has just raised the subsidy that tobacco growers will get on their 1964 crop .
At the same time , the Food for Peace program is getting rid of surplus stocks of tobacco abroad . "
[ Editorial , Bigger agricultural subsidies ... even more for tobacco , * The New York Times * , Feb. 1 , 1964 , p.22 ]
1966 Sen. Warren G. Magnuson makes public a program , sponsored by the Agriculture Department , to subsidize " attempts to increase cigarette consumption abroad ....
The Department is paying to stimulate cigarette smoking in a travelogue for $ 210,000 to subsidize cigarette commercials in Japan , Thailand , and Austria . "
An Agriculture Department spokesman corroborates that " the two programs were prepared under a congressional authorization to expand overseas markets for U.S. farm commodities . "
[ Edwin B. Haakinsom , Senator shocked at U.S. try to hike cigarette use abroad , * Syracuse Herald - American * , Jan. 9 , 1966 , p.2 ]
1966 Congress enacts the " Narcotics Addict Rehabilitation Act , inaugurating a federal civil commitment program for addicts .
1966 C.W. Sandman , Jr. chairman of the New Jersey Narcotic Drug Study Commission , declares that LSD is " the greatest threat facing the country today ... more dangerous than the Vietnam War . "
[ Quoted in Brecher et al. , op . cit. p.369 ]
1967 New York State 's " Narcotics Addiction Control Program " goes into effect .
It is estimated to cost $ 400 million in three years , and is hailed by Government Rockefeller as the " start of an unending war ... "
Under the new law , judges are empowered to commit addicts for compulsory treatment for up to five years .
[ Murray Schumach , Plan for addicts will open today : Governor hails start , * The New York Times * , April 1 , 1967 ]
1967 The tobacco industry in the United States spends an estimated $ 250 million on advertising smoking .
[ Editorial ,
It depends on you , * Health News * ( New York State ) , 45:1 ( March ) , 1968 ]
1968 The U.S. tobacco industry has gross sales of $ 8 billion .
Americans smoke 544 billion cigarettes .
[ Fort , op.cit. p.21 ]
1968 Canadians buy almost 3 billion aspirin tablets and approximately 56 million standard does of amphetamines .
About 556 standard doses of barbituates are also produced or imported for consumption in Canada .
[ Canadian Government 's Commission of Inquiry , * The Non-Medical Uses of Drugs* , p.184
1968 Six to seven percent of all prescriptions written under the British National Health Service are for barbituates ; it is estimated that about 500,000 British are regular users .
[ Young , op.cit. p.25 ]
1968 Brooklyn councilman Julius S. Moskowitz charges that the work of New York City 's Addiction Services Agency , under its retiring Commissioner , Dr. Efren Ramierez , was a " fraud , " and that " not a single addict has been cured . "
[ Charles G. Bennett , Addiction agency called a " fraud , " * New York Times * , Dec. 11 , 1968 , p.47 ]
1969 U.S. production and value of some medical chemicals : barbituates : 800,000 pounds , $ 2.5 million ; aspirin ( exclusive of salicylic acid ) 37 milliion pounds , value " withheld to avoid disclosing figures for individual producers " ; salicylic acid : 13 million pounds , $ 13 million ; tranquilizers : 1.5 million pounds , $ 7 million .
[ * Statistical Abstracts of the United States * , 1971 92nd Annual Edition , p.75 ]
1969
The parents of 6,000 secondary - level students in Clifton , New Jersey , are sent letters by the Board of Education asking permission to conduct saliva tests on their children to determine whether or not they use marijuana .
[ Saliva tests asked for Jersey youths on marijuana use , * New York Times * , Apr. 11 , 1969 , p.12 ]
1970 Dr. Albert Szent - Gyorgyi , Nobel Laureate in Medicine and Physiology , in reply to being asked what he would do if he were twenty today : " I would share with my classmates rejection of the whole world as it is -- all of it .
Is there any point in studying and work ?
Fornication -- at least that is something good .
What else is there to do ?
Fornicate and take drugs against the terrible strain of idiots who govern the world . "
[ Albert Szent - Gyorgyi , in * The New York Times * , Feb. 20 , 1970 , quoted in Mary Breastead , * Oh ! Sex Education !* , p.359 ]
1971 President Nixon declares that " America 's Public Enemy No. 1 is drug abuse . "
In a message to Congress , the President calls for the creation of a Special Action Office of Drug Abuse Prevention .
[ The New Public Enemy No. 1 , * Time * , June 28 , 1971 , p.18 ]
1971 On June 30 , 1971 , President Cvedet Sunay of Turkey decrees that all poppy cultivation and opium production will be forbidden beginning in the fall of 1972 .
[ Patricia M Wald et al . ( Eds. ) , * Dealing with Drug Abuse* , p.257 ]
1972 Myles J. Ambrose , Special Assistant Attorney General of the United States : " As of 1960 , the Bureau of Narcotics estimated that we had somewhere in the neighborhood of 55,000 addicts ... they estimate now the figure is 560,000 .
[ Quoted in * U.S. News and World Report* , April 3 , 1972 , p.38 ]
1972 The Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs proposes restricting the use of barbituates on the ground that they " are more dangerous than heroin . "
[ Restrictions proposed on barbituate sales , * Syracuse Herald - Journal * , Mar 16 , 1972 , p.32 ]
1972
The house votes 366 to 0 to authorize " a $ 1 billion , three - year federal attack on drug abuse . " [ $ 1 billion voted for drug fight , * Syracuse Herald - Journal * , March 16 , 1972 , p.32 ]
1972 At the Bronx house of corrections , out of a total of 780 inmates , approximately 400 are given tranquilizers such as Valium , Elavil , Thorazine , and Librium .
" ' I think they [ the inmates ] would be doing better without some of the medication , ' said Capt .
Robert Brown , a correctional officer .
He said that in a way the medications made his job harder ... rather than becoming calm , he said , an inmate who had become addicted to his medication ' will do anything when he can't get it . ' "
[ Ronald Smothers , Muslims :
What 's behind the violence , * The New York Times * , Dec. 26 , 1972 , p.18 ]
1972 In England , the pharmacy cost of heroin is $ .04 per grain ( 60 mg. ) , or $ .00067 per mg .
In the United States , the street price is $ 30 to $ 90 per grain , or $.50 or $ 1.50 per mg .
[ Wald et al. ( Eds. ) op.cit. p.28 ]
1973 A nationwide Gallop poll reveals that 67 percent of the adults interviewed " support the proposal of New York Governer Nelson Rockefeller that all sellers of hard drugs be given life imprisonment without possibility of parole . "
[ George Gallup , Life for pushers , * Syracuse Herald - American * , Feb. 11 , 1973 ]
1973 Michael R. Sonnenreich , Executive Director of the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse , declares : " About four years ago we spent a total of $ 66.4 million for the entire federal effort in the drug abuse area ....
This year we have spent $ 796.3 million and the budget estimates that have been submitted indicate that we will exceed the $ 1 billion mark .
When we do so , we become , for want of a better term , a drug abuse industrial complex . : [ Michael R. Sonnenreich , Discussion of the Final Report of the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse , * Villanova Law Review * , 18:817-827 ( May ) , 1973 ; p.818 ]
197 ? Operation Intercept .
All vehicles returning from Mexico are checked by Nixon 's order .
Long lines occur and , as usual no dent is made in drug traffic .
1981 Congress ammends the 1878 Posse Comitatus Act , which forbids the armed forces to enforce civil law , so that the military could provide surveillance planes and ships for interdiction purposes .
1984 U.S. busts 10,000 pounds of marijuana on farms in Mexico .
The seizures , made on five farms in an isolated section of Chihuahua state , suggest a 70 percent increase in estimates that total U.S. consumption was 13,000 to 14,000 tons in 1982 .
Furthermore , the seizures add up to nearly eight times the 1300 tons that officials had calculated Mexico produced in 1983 .
[ San Francisco Chronicle , Saturday , Nov. 24 , 1984 ]
1985 Pentagon spends $ 40 million on interdiction .
1986 The Communist Party boss , Boris Yeltsin said that the Moscow school system is rife with drug addiction , drunkenness and principles that take bribes .
He said that drug addiction has become such a problem that there are 3700 registered addicts in Moscow .
-----
The above , by Don Steiny Software , is based on the Appendix of * Ceremonial Chemistry * by Thomas Szasz , published by Doubleday / Anchor , Garden City , New York , 1975 .
The author included his references , added several items of interest and deleted some things not relevant .
All unattributed items ( no footnote ) are from the book .
-----
Brought to you by - The ' Lectric Law Library
The Net 's Finest Legal Resource For Legal Pros & Laypeople Alike .
https://www.lectlaw.com
Google +
I 'll admit , the last time I had heath insurance was over seven years ago when I was working for a major company .
The premium , which was automatically deducted from my paycheck , was $ 350 a month and I never had even one claim .
I never really paid much attention to health insurance , or the lack thereof since , until the issue became the “ flavor of the day ” topic on every television news program and internet cite 24/7 , ad nauseam .
I watched Glenn Beck on Fox news , then switched to Keith Olberman on MSNBC , , I got whiplash .
Four hours of CNN later , I began to get a terrible headache , and thought I was having a stroke .
I felt a sudden chill in the air , and thought I was coming down with swine flu .
Watching all the medical programs did n't help , either .
I also started to wonder why none of those injured , sick or dying patients on shows like E.R. and Hawthorne were ever asked if they had insurance and just who was paying for all those test administered by those diagnosticians on House ?
They do n't need health insurance to receive treatment , so do we really need reform ?
I had two very good girlfriends who were both diagnosed with cancer .
One was a very successful C.P.A , whose health insurance policy fully covered every test , every treatment , every doctor 's visit and every prescription .
The other was a legal secretary whose employer refused to pay for any health insurance .
MediCal , California 's medical plan , paid for every test , every treatment , every doctor 's visit and every prescription .
They both died within two years of being diagnosed .
Having heath insurance had n't made any difference in the care or treatment of either of my two friends and the end result was the same , so why is there such a huge debate on both sides of an issue if it has very little actual difference in anyone 's life ?
Life insurance does not guarantee life any more than health insurance guarantees health .
We 're being sold a bill of goods which is no more effective in preventing illness and death than the bogus ingredients in snake oil will cure grandma 's gout .
Insurance is a funny thing to try and sell .
It 's the one product that you buy hoping you 'll never use .
I was sitting in traffic the other day listening to a life insurance ad on the radio .
The salesman , in an ominous tone , says “ You 're driving on the freeway , when suddenly you 're hit by a truck and you 're dead .
What will happen to your family ? ”
The thought that went through my head was ; “ Do n't care , I 'm dead . ”
The salesman went on to cite an entire list of “ who will ” and “ what will ” questions , which I responded the same way .
“ Do n't care , dead . ”
However , the fear of disasters yet to come tactic is exactly what insurance salesmen use to terrify us into buying their product , whether we need it or not promising peace of mind and security with their slogans ; “ You 're In Good Hands ” , “ Like a Good Neighbor ” , and “ So Simple A Caveman Can Do It . ”
Ok , forget the last one .
Not everyone needs heath insurance , but to hear our politicians and talk show hosts talk , and talk and TALK about the dire consequences to our country if we do n't providing this product that some may never use , we not believe every man , woman and child MUST have insurance or we 're all going to die .
While everyone knows that they 're going to die sooner or later , with or without health insurance , we have somehow come to believe it will be a great deal sooner unless we pass some kind of health care i.e. insurance , reform .
It makes a great deal of sense that in order to sell a product that you hope you 'll never need , is to create that need and make it so necessary that everyone wants it and will do whatever they can to get it .
Well , it worked for Harold Hill in the Music Man , did n't it ?
It is truly amazing how healthy Americans were before all this talk of health insurance reform hit the fan .
People would attend a town forum without risking getting a stroke from carrying heavy picket signs in ninety degree weather and screaming at the top of their lungs at town hall forums .
The best way to cure the ills of our health care system and regain a happy and healthy life is to pull the plug …. on the television set .
I 'll admit , the last time I had heath insurance was over seven years ago when I was working for a major company .
The premium , which was automatically deducted from my paycheck , was $ 350 a month and I never had even one claim .
I never really paid much attention to health insurance , or the lack thereof since , until the issue became the “ flavor of the day ” topic on every television news program and internet cite 24/7 , ad nauseam .
I watched Glenn Beck on Fox news , then switched to Keith Olberman on MSNBC , , I got whiplash .
Four hours of CNN later , I began to get a terrible headache , and thought I was having a stroke .
I felt a sudden chill in the air , and thought I was coming down with swine flu .
Watching all the medical programs did n't help , either .
I also started to wonder why none of those injured , sick or dying patients on shows like E.R. and Hawthorne were ever asked if they had insurance and just who was paying for all those test administered by those diagnosticians on House ?
They do n't need health insurance to receive treatment , so do we really need reform ?
I had two very good girlfriends who were both diagnosed with cancer .
One was a very successful C.P.A , whose health insurance policy fully covered every test , every treatment , every doctor 's visit and every prescription .
The other was a legal secretary whose employer refused to pay for any health insurance .
MediCal , California 's medical plan , paid for every test , every treatment , every doctor 's visit and every prescription .
They both died within two years of being diagnosed .
Having heath insurance had n't made any difference in the care or treatment of either of my two friends and the end result was the same , so why is there such a huge debate on both sides of an issue if it has very little actual difference in anyone 's life ?
Life insurance does not guarantee life any more than health insurance guarantees health .
We 're being sold a bill of goods which is no more effective in preventing illness and death than the bogus ingredients in snake oil will cure grandma 's gout .
Insurance is a funny thing to try and sell .
It 's the one product that you buy hoping you 'll never use .
I was sitting in traffic the other day listening to a life insurance ad on the radio .
The salesman , in an ominous tone , says “ You 're driving on the freeway , when suddenly you 're hit by a truck and you 're dead .
What will happen to your family ? ”
The thought that went through my head was ; “ Do n't care , I 'm dead . ”
The salesman went on to cite an entire list of “ who will ” and “ what will ” questions , which I responded the same way .
“ Do n't care .
Dead . ”
However , the fear of disasters yet to come tactic is exactly what insurance salesmen use to terrify us into buying their product , whether we need it or not promising peace of mind and security with their slogans ; “ You 're In Good Hands ” , “ Like a Good Neighbor ” , and “ So Simple A Caveman Can Do It . ”
Ok , forget the last one .
Not everyone needs heath insurance , but to hear our politicians and talk show hosts talk , and talk and TALK about the dire consequences to our country if we do n't providing this product that some may never use , we not believe every man , woman and child MUST have insurance or we 're all going to die .
While everyone knows that they 're going to die sooner or later , with or without health insurance , we have somehow come to believe it will be a great deal sooner unless we pass some kind of health care i.e. insurance , reform .
It makes a great deal of sense that in order to sell a product that you hope you 'll never need , is to create that need and make it so necessary that everyone wants it and will do whatever they can to get it .
Well , it worked for Harold Hill in the Music Man , did n't it ?
It is truly amazing how healthy Americans were before all this talk of health insurance reform hit the fan .
People would attend a town forum without risking getting a stroke from carrying heavy picket signs in ninety degree weather and screaming at the top of their lungs at town hall forums .
The best way to cure the ills of our health care system and regain a happy and healthy life is to pull the plug
…. on the television set .
Oklahoma Rep. Sally Kern who once suggested " gays are worse than terrorism " is back to demonizing gays again .
In an unusually public ceremony , Rep. Kern signed a “ Proclamation for Morality , ” which blames the U.S. ’s current economic crisis on , among other acts of “ debauchery , ” same - sex marriage .
Part of her proclamation reads :
WHEREAS , we believe our economic woes are consequences of our greater national moral crisis ; and
WHEREAS , this nation has become a world leader in promoting abortion , pornography , same sex marriage , sex trafficking , divorce , illegitimate births , child abuse , and many other forms of debauchery ; and
WHEREAS , alarmed that the Government of the United States of America is forsaking the rich Christian heritage upon which this nation was built ; and
WHEREAS , grieved that the Office of the president of these United States has refused
to uphold the long held tradition of past presidents in giving recognition to our National Day of Prayer ; and
WHEREAS , deeply disturbed that the Office of the president of these United States disregards the biblical admonitions to live clean and pure lives by proclaiming an entire month to an immoral behavior .
Yesterday at the State House Sally Kern read and signed the proclamation , protesters and supporters chanted and sang : Sally Kern is suggesting our economic troubles are due to same - sex marriage and Obama recognizing June as lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender pride month ?
Maybe , if she spent less time obsessing about gays and more time doing her job we would n't have an economic crisis !
Contact Rep. Kern and voice your disapproval !
Crossposted via Unite The Fight
I ’ve been seeing the trend of applying inline labels on form elements more and more these days .
So I definitely needed to come up with a solid solution that would help me easily apply this effect .
Maybe I need to explain a little better what I am referring to .
Instead of using a label that is next to or above the input element , the label is actually within the input .
Then , when the input is focused , the label goes away and you can enter your value into it .
Finally , when the input is no longer focused , if there is no value entered , the inline label is then added back in .
See Demo
My Solution
The title attribute .
It ’s so simple , but perfect .
A great benefit of using the title attribute , is that when you hover over the input , you get a little tooltip displaying the inline label .
So all I need to do is add a title attribute with the text that we want to have show up as the inline label .
Then , we just use a little jQuery to make it all happen .
The jQuery
First , we want to select each input that has a title attribute , once the document is loaded :
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) {
$ ( ' input [ title ] ' ) .each ( function ( ) {
…
} ) ;
} ) ;
Next , if the value of the input element is empty , we want to take the title attribute and add it as the value of the input .
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' input [ title ] ' ) .each ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .
val ( ) === '') { $ ( this ) .val ( $ ( this ) .
attr ( ' title ' ) ) ; } } ) ; } ) ;
After that , we want to setup a function that will fire once the input is focused .
When it is focused , if the value is equal to the title attribute , we want to set the value to nothing and add a class of focused :
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' input [ title ] ' ) .each ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .
val ( ) === '') { $ ( this ) .val ( $ ( this ) .
attr ( ' title ' ) ) ; } $ ( this ) .focus( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .
val ( ) === $ ( this ) . attr ( ' title ' ) ) { $ ( this ).val ( '') .addClass (' focused ' ) ; } } ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
The reason why we add the class of focused is so that we can change the text color , border or anything to make it noticeable that the input is being focused .
You can see this effect in the demo .
Finally , we want to add a function that will fire when the input loses focus .
When it does , if the input value is empty , we want to set the value back to the title attribute and remove the class of focused :
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( ' input [ title ] ' ) .each ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .
val ( ) === '') { $ ( this ) .val ( $ ( this ) .
attr ( ' title ' ) ) ; } $ ( this ) .focus( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .
val ( ) === $ ( this ) . attr ( ' title ' ) ) { $ ( this ).val ( '' ) .addClass (' focused ' ) ; } } ) ; $ ( this ) .blur ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .
val ( ) === '') { $ ( this ) .val ( $ ( this ) .attr( ' title ' ) ) .removeClass (' focused ' ) ; } } ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
See Demo
And that ’s it .
It ’s just a little bit of code , but it can go a long way .
So take it and build on it .
Zombie fans , mark your calendars !
The sequel for Valve 's cooperative first person zombie shooting game is finally announced .
Release date is on November 17 , 2009 .
How I wish it 's Nov. 1 . Heha , by the way , the game has it 's new features .
L4D 2 offers a much larger game than the original , with new survivors , boss zombies , weapons and items .
There are new melee weapons to be introduced such as frying pan , axe , baseball bat and chainsaw .
The game will also introduce the " AI Director 2.0 " wherein the gameplay is taken to the next level and encourages players to participate with the in - game features such as the ability to change weather effects , objects , pathways , enemy population , sounds and effects to match a custom player 's performance .
The game will feature 5 episodes .
There will be a new class which is called the " Charger " that has the ability to stun survivors by charging them .
There are also some modifications for zombies and the Witch .
Left 4
Dead already received many praises from game critics around the world .
Left 4
Dead already received many praises from game critics around the world .
Game Rankings gave it a score of 88 while Metacritic gave 89 .
Described as " quite possibly the perfect co-op shooter , " L4D also received recognitions as one of the best multiplayer and PC games from different gaming publications and organizations such as IGN , GameSpy , SpikeTV , NoFrag and BAFTA .
Now will the new survivors Nick , Rochelle , Coach and Ellis become as hot and as action packed as the previous team of survivors Francis , Bill , Zoey and Louis ?
Well , it 's not yet time to judge .
I know its gonna be a hit and believe me , L4D 2 will be the ultimate survival horror game of its generation .
Visit the L4D Official Website here
Just as authorities in much of the Western world have moved to phase out the incandescent lightbulb , American boffins believe they have developed a process which can make the oldschool lights more efficient than energy - saving lamps .
Optics boffins at the Rochester Uni in New York state say they 've developed a process in which an ordinary lighbulb is zapped with a femtosecond - long pulse of extremely high - energy laser light .
The laser blast travels through the glass to hit the tungsten filament , causing complex nano - and micro-structures to form on its surface .
Once the lasered light bulb is than powered up , according to the Rochester scientists , it emits a lot more light for the same energy compared to an untreated bulb - equivalent to 40 per cent energy savings .
The process of lasing incandescent bulbs would n't be expensive , apparently , so they 'd remain cheap compared to fluorescent energy - saving jobs .
According to Rochester Uni :
The process could make a light as bright as a 100 - watt bulb consume less electricity than a 60 - watt bulb while remaining far cheaper and radiating a more pleasant light than a fluorescent bulb .
Despite the incredible intensity involved , the femtosecond laser can be powered by a simple wall outlet , meaning that when the process is refined , implementing it to augment regular light bulbs should be relatively simple .
It seems that Professor Chunlei Guo of Rochester hit upon the idea of brightening - up lightbulb filaments following earlier experiments in which he and his team used laser zapping to turn metals completely black .
This worked so well that Guo and his cohorts wondered if they could reverse the process .
" We fired the laser beam right through the glass of the bulb and altered a small area on the filament , " says the prof .
" When we lit the bulb , we could actually see this one patch was clearly brighter than the rest of the filament , but there was no change in the bulb 's energy usage . "
It seems that Guo and his team of lightbulb - blasting boffins can also produce other strange effects , getting incandescent bulbs to emit partially polarised or differently - coloured light - without the energy - wasting filters that would normally be necessary .
It 's the efficiency - enhancement aspect of the studies which could make headlines , however .
Both the US and European Union governments are now committed to firm timetables which will see incandescent bulbs phased out in favour of more energy - efficient alternatives , such as fluorescents .
This is being done in order to save energy and so lower carbon emissions .
But if it 's as simple as Guo suggests to enhance an incandescent with his laser process , this may turn out to have been an unnecessary or even retrograde step .
Guo 's research has been accepted for publication by the journal Applied Physics Letters , but is n't out yet .
In the meantime , there 's a pop-sci release from the university here . ®
THE HAGUE ( Reuters ) - Bosnian Serb cousins Milan and Sredoje Lukic were convicted by the Yugoslavia war crimes tribunal on Monday of burning dozens of Bosnian Muslims alive in the country ’s 1992 - 1995 war .
Former Bosnian Serb paramilitaries Milan ( L ) and Sredoje Lukic listen to the judgement at the U.N. war crimes tribunal in the The Hague July 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ed Oudenaarden / Pool
Milan Lukic , 41 , who prosecutors said led a Serb paramilitary group known as the “ White Eagles ” or “ Avengers , ” was sentenced by the tribunal in The Hague to life in prison for killing at least 119 Bosnians in two incidents in June 1992 .
Sredoje Lukic , 48 , who prosecutors said was also a member of the unit , was given 30 years imprisonment .
The court ruled it had not been proved that he was present at one of the attacks .
Both men had pleaded not guilty to all charges and said they were not present in the eastern Bosnian town of Visegrad at the time of the crimes .
Defense lawyers had requested acquittals .
“ The perpetration by Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic of crimes in this case is characterized by a callous and vicious disregard for human life , ” Judge Patrick Robinson said .
The court found about 59 Bosnian Muslims were burned alive in a house set ablaze with an accelerant and an explosive , while at least 60 people died after being barricaded inside another home before grenades were thrown into the building .
Judge Robinson said the court found Milan Lukic guilty of both incidents , adding he played a dominant role in the attacks in that he personally closed the door of one of the houses , set them on fire and shot at people who tried to escape .
The court found Sredoje Lukic was not present at the second incident , but his presence at the first “ substantially contributed to the deaths ” despite the fact he did not set fire to the house or shoot at the victims .
Bakira Hasecic , president of support group ‘ Women - Victims of War ’ , said she hoped both men would be tried by Bosnia ’s own war crimes court for rapes and torture for which they were not indicted in The Hague .
“ They only concentrated on the gravest crimes but it is only 5 percent of all the crimes they committed , ” said Hasecic , herself a rape victim during the war .
Milan Lukic was convicted on 21 counts of crimes against humanity and violations of laws or customs of war , including murder , inhumane acts , cruel treatment and extermination .
Sredoje was convicted on seven counts .
Milan Lukic was also convicted of shooting and killing 12 Bosnian Muslim men on the bank of the River Drina .
After seven years on the run , he was arrested in Argentina in August 2005 .
Sredoje surrendered to Bosnian Serb authorities the following month .
Their trial started in July last year .
The Newspaper
Tuesday , May 5 , 2009
Illinois State Police troopers seized a high - performance muscle car and set it aside for the personal use of an influential police official .
The Associated Press reported that a suspected drunk driver in a 2006 Dodge Charger was pulled over in January 2007 .
The troopers used a state seizure law to confiscate the vehicle .
Once the paperwork was complete , the 425 - horsepower vehicle — which had an as - new base price of $ 38,000 — was handed over for the personal use of Ron Cooley , 56 , the Executive Director of the Illinois State Police Merit Board .
Taxpayers also pick up the fuel tab for gas - guzzling 6.1 liter V - 8 as he drives to and from work each day and on various business trips .
A good relationship with the merit board is essential for any state trooper looking to move up into a position of responsibility .
“ The mission of the Illinois State Police Merit Board is to remove political influence and provide a fair and equitable merit process for the selection of Illinois State trooper candidates and the promotion and discipline of Illinois State Police officers , ” the board website explains .
According to AP , the Charger is just one of two dozen desirable cars — including an Audi and a Cadillac Escalade — grabbed and kept by state troopers .
State police officials decline to identify the beneficiaries of the confiscated car policy claiming it could endanger officers if the type of car they drove at taxpayer expense were made public .
Full article here
Captain America was apparently shot dead in 2007
Superhero alter - ego Steve Rogers - the original Captain America - is to come back from the dead in a new five - part Marvel Comic series .
The first part of Captain America Reborn will be out in the US on 1 July , but its makers will not say how Rogers will come back to life .
Rogers was apparently shot and killed in 2007 on the steps of a courthouse .
Since then , the 68 - year - old series has continued with Rogers ' sidekick Bucky Barnes taking on the superhero mantle .
The superhero was first thought up to help encourage patriotic feeling during World War II .
Executive editor Tom Brevoort said : " He has n't just been lying in a cold grave for these many months . "
He revealed that there are some fans who are not keen to see the return of Rogers .
" Right this second , it 's kind of a split , " he said .
" When Steve was first killed , there was great outcry .
But then as Bucky has taken over as Cap - and has sort of struggled to fill those big shoes - a lot of our readers have really taken to him as a character . "
The Captain America magazine is sold in 75 countries .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
08/17/2009
Frank Schubert admits it :
He blows hot air
by Jeremy Hooper
Frank Schubert has made a name for himself by attacking marriage equality .
He was an instrumental ( if not the most instrumental ) player in the Proposition 8 fight , and those who are currently trying to rollback civil marriage in Maine have hired the West Coast operative to guide their East Coast campaign .
So when it comes to discriminating against gay couples , Mr. Schubert is a force whose name will inevitably go down in the rights - stripping record books .
It is for this reason that we , proudly gay Americans who 've been personally hurt by Frank 's discriminatory work , were pretty floored to stumble on the following blog post .
In it , Frank lectures us all on what he sees as the " last acceptable discrimination out there " :
That which limits and discourages smokers in the interest of public and personal health .
And in chiding lawmakers and citizens on concepts of " liberty and freedom that is at the core of our civilization " as they apply to smokers ( and crudely attacking overweight women in the process ) , Mr. Schubert reveals some pretty interesting things about how he , a professional discriminator , views freedom in this great society of ours .
Check it out :
I am convinced that attacking smokers is the only remaining acceptable discrimination out there .
While on a recent business trip , I flew through Chicago .
Most every airport is nonsmoking .
I get that .
On a layover at O’Hare on my way to the east coast , I stopped at the United Red Carpet Club , to whom I pay $ 400 a year for the privilege of being insulted and inconvenienced , and asked the woman at the desk whether there were any smoking areas at the airport , fairly certain of the answer .
She stares at me with a most disapproving look and says , “ Why do n’t you not smoke and add a minute to your life . ”
This is a woman who is at least 50 pounds overweight .
How is it that this fat woman feels that it is okay to lecture me about smoking when her rear end is spilling over the sides of her chair ?
I could have told her that I was concerned that her weight would result in heart disease , diabetes and any number of other medical ailments .
I could have lectured her about how much American taxpayers spend each year to provide medical care to obnoxious fat women .
I could have adopted a sanctimonious attitude and advised her about the obvious benefits of a Stairmaster , letting her know that it might turn her rear end into an attractive human body part instead of the planet she was lugging around her solar system .
Instead , I laughed and said , “ Gee , thanks for the tip .
I was n’t aware that smoking was bad . ”
Then I walked off .
I am not asking for sympathy , but I am asking people to seriously think about how acceptable it has become to attack smokers , and think about the broader implications this has on basic American principles .
Like , say , this crazy idea of liberty and freedom that is at the core of our civilization .
Smoking cigarettes is legal for adults .
It may not be the most healthy lifestyle choice out there , but neither is parachuting , cliff diving , motorcycling riding , speeding down the interstate , or any number of other things that millions of people love to do every day .
Smoking is also one of the most heavily taxed activities in the world .
California smokers are forced to pay for things like health care for the uninsured , child care , self - esteem programs and all manner of other social programs .
But that is not enough for the liberal elitists .
There are serious proposals in the California Legislature to prohibit people from smoking in their own homes .
This is based on the argument that apartments have a common ventilation system , so there is some chance that someone smoking in Apartment 100 might kill someone in Apartment 500 .
( The fact that , if it were true ( which it is n’t ) the death would take 12,000 years to be effected is of no apparent relevance to the issue of attacking smokers , yet again . )
So the public policy of California is apparently that it ’s okay for someone to pass gas in an elevator with me in it , but it is n’t okay for me to smoke in my own home .
There are also proposals to prohibit parents from smoking in their own car if children are present .
These same parents are free to decide how to educate their children , teach them a value system , decide what type of food to ingest into their bodies , determine their leisure pursuits , decide what kind of clothes they ’ll wear , determine if they should see a doctor when they are sick , and otherwise make decisions covering every aspect of their young lives .
But , by God , these parents should be prohibited from engaging in a legal pursuit ( smoking ) while in the presence of their kids .
If a lawmaker authored a bill to prohibit blacks from renting an apartment , they would be recalled from office .
If there was a proposal enacted to ban women or gays from driving a car , a lawsuit would immediately be filed challenging the measure .
But when a proposal is offered to discriminate against smokers , it is met with applause .
If there is one thing the Constitution of the United States stands for , it ’s the principle of equal protection for all .
It ’s not just the favored who enjoy constitutional rights .
Or the privileged .
Or the rich .
Or the popular .
It ’s ALL .
Yes , even smokers
Pet Peeves and Random Observations [ Frank 's Weekly Rant ]
Equal protection ?
Freedom for all ?
Literally citing gays in order to make his point ?!
GAG .
ME !
Here we have a man who collects a paycheck for denying LGBT people rights that they 've been granted by fair - minded courts and lawmakers who 've accurately assessed the constitution -- and yet he 's seriously citing " equal protection " to chastise those who are working to limit the usage of / public exposure to a demonstrably dangerous drug ?!
And here we have a man who is ALL ABOUT " protecting children " seemingly seeing no reason why it might be in the public interest to protect kids from the secondhand smoke that medical science knows to be dangerous ?
And here we have a man who , in making his points , sees a need to engage in subjective , ad hominem reads of a woman 's " unattractive " derriere ( which is especially interesting considering the thin skin that he and his Prop 8 team have demonstrated when faced with their own scrutiny ) ?!
It 's simply unreal .
Look , as long as cigarettes remain a legally available substance , we too have constitutional concerns when it comes to their usage .
But when we cite the constitution in this area , we are not doing so in a way that conflicts with our work in other areas .
Mr. Schubert is .
We honestly see no way that he could possibly hold both his views in regards to cigarettes and his other views in regards to equal protection for same - sex couples unless the element of anti-gay bias comes into play .
He talks about banning gays from driving a car as if he sees that as an unacceptable notion -- yet he has no problem denying a civil marriage license to the same set ?!
It 's completely bogus !
If using an objective read of the constitution , his views on freedom would absolutely apply to those who march down to the town hall to obtain a civil marriage license .
But he is clearly not using an objective read , but rather a subjective one that places his right to blow a ring of smoke above gay people 's right to obtain a ring of gold .
And the worst part :
He 's making a considerable living blowing this same smoke up millions of people 's asses ( be they " attractive " or " solar system - sized ) .
Do n't succumb to peer pressure , Maine .
** It 's also interesting that Frank makes a point of admitting that " parents are free to decide hoe to educate their children , " considering he and his ilk accuse LGBT people of denying parents this freedom whenever it 's politically convenient for them to do so .
Your thoughts
NONE OF THE PEOPLE SUPPORTING PROP-8 ACTUALLY GAVE HALF A FUCK ABOUT MARRIAGE , TRADITION OR CHILDREN .
THEY JUST HATE GAY PEOPLE .
^hopefully this statement covers the inevitable ' prop - 8 supporter is a flaming hypocrite ' news in the future .
Posted by : penguinsaur | Aug 17 , 2009 10:18:37 AM
I 'd have a smart ass remark for this , but I need to go locate all the pieces of my shattered head .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Aug 17 , 2009 10:26:08 AM
" ^hopefully this statement covers the inevitable ' prop - 8 supporter is a flaming hypocrite ' news in the future . "
Pointing out and archiving these hypocrisies is kind of what we do , Penguinsaur .
Just screaming " HYPOCRITE ! " is not enough .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Aug 17 , 2009 10:26:17 AM
Kiss my fat white ass , Frank Schubert .
Wait a minute .
You do n't deserve that reward .
Anyway , I would defend your right to smoke , simply because I understand the concept of living and letting live .
You do n't have to be for a certain activity to support others ' freedom to do it .
Posted by : GreenEyedLilo | Aug 17 , 2009 12:23:49 PM
The one bad thing about this , is that if we point out the hypocrisy , the obvious retort is that society is seriously limiting the damage that smokers can do to the rest of us who are non-smokers .
And beyond that , that smokers are minorities that necessarily must yield to the majority opinion .
That being said , secondhand smoke does kill people , and aggravate a number of medical conditions that some of us non-smokers suffer from ( like asthma ) .
So , while there is minimal similarity in the comparison between discrimination against LGBTs and smokers , secondhand smoke does actually physically harm non-smokers - marriage equality does just the opposite .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Aug 17 , 2009 12:25:09 PM
Jeff Flint , Frank 's partner in discrimination also wrote a similar opinion piece too .
http://www.flashreport.org/featured-columns-library0b.php?faID=2009081302135158
I guess the only fags they like are the cigarettes .
Posted by : Matt from California | Aug 17 , 2009 12:28:07 PM
OK , so I 'm stating the obvious , but OMG !
It 's one thing to be a hypocrite .
To glaringly put your own hypocritical points within your own writing , and STILL somehow believe that you 're right , is just beyond amazing .
How do these people function in the real world without killing themselves or others on a daily basis ?
Given his logic , he should be allowed to do ANYTHING that does n't have a specific law against it , no matter the effect upon anyone else , and not be blamed or held liable for the outcome .
Posted by : JWSwift | Aug 17 , 2009 2:42:55 PM
It 's good to know he hates women almost as much as gays .
Why we did n't all organize a daily protest outside this man 's house I 'll never know .
Posted by : Bruno | Aug 17 , 2009 3:35:19 PM
" I am convinced that attacking smokers is the only remaining acceptable discrimination out there . "
I love how he then spends the next entire paragraph disparaging and discriminating against a woman for her weight .
H8 mongers : keeping it classy .
Posted by : Afatymous | Aug 17 , 2009 3:40:46 PM
I think I see a happy compromise .
I promise to support Frank 's right to smoke in his own home if he promises to support my right to be married in mine .
Whadya say , Frank ?
Frank ?
sigh
Posted by : Timothy Kincaid | Aug 17 , 2009 4:29:47 PM
Welcome to Pariah Island .
That thin whining you hear is the sound of your entitlement escaping as we equalize cabin pressure .
We do hope that you have a long and educational stay with us , and we please remind you that though the pitchforks look harmless , they are very real .
Do n't forget to see the beautiful insights at Introspection Bay .
Posted by : marsmannetje | Aug 17 , 2009 4:53:12 PM
Duh , discrimination is okay , as long as it's not directed at HIM !
Anyway , it 's interesting that he 's bemoaning discrimination of a lifestyle choice .
If he does n't want to be " discriminated against , " he can certainly just choose not to smoke .
Posted by : fannie | Aug 17 , 2009 5:23:31 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
" When writing validation scripts , it 's easy to forget that some fields ( company name , for example ) might actually need a mix of letters and numbers , " Laurie Denness writes , " you 'd think some companies would be better at remembering that than others . "
" I caught this message before seeing Watchmen at IMAX , " Marcus writes , " not sure how it 's VM is low , considering that the computer probably does n't do much beyond showing these slides .
" HP wanted us to complete a HDD diagnostic before they would accept a warranty repair , " Jason V writes , " unfortunately , the test completed successfully .
Very , very successfully . "
" Thanks for asking , Google .
I think I 'd prefer to keep my usage data private , " comments Kirsten , " hey , wait a minute ! "
" I sure hope HP has a ??263415 position open , " Rafał writes , " I 've been ?? 263498 for years ! "
" I logged on to make my last car payment and was shocked , " James R. Rummel writes , " I mean really !
It just burns me up to see the Western Union fee drive the total up past a billion .
One penny less , fine .
I 'll pay .
But once you cross that magic line , then it really hits home ! "
" I saw this while taking a survey , " C Felish writes , " it seemed a little odd that they expected the developer to know what I was going to punch .
I guess they just hold their developers to a higher standard ! "
" I got this message while installing new drivers for my Anysee DVB receiver , " Jeffrey writes .
" My neighbor was n't too thrilled , however , when I told him I needed to reboot his computer to complete installation . "
" I wanted to check out Yahoo Pipes , so I tried to sign up for a Yahoo account , " Roy Smeding writes , " I did n't get very far , since I accidently signed on as myself but I should have signed on as myself . "
" I certainly can't find fault with the accuracy of the marketing message , " Andrew F writes , " but I do doubt the effectiveness of the advertising model . "
This last one is n't technically an Error'd , but Andrew F included it with his submission and I thought it was pretty fun .
He wrote " I found a coupon that added a Free mini-TV to my Office Depot order .
After receiving the TV , I quickly realized that it was most likely made free in an attempt to outsource the process of throwing them away in disgust .
Suffice it to say , the mini-TV never worked at all , but the manual is an exercise in awesome translation errors .
All pages contain grammatical errors , but some are tantamount to acts of war against the English language .
Enjoy ! "
Chris Wolf / Getty Images
The Future You 're Fighting For :
If and when season three does get a green light , Fox already has a sense of what it 's getting .
Josh says , " I have n't pitched a season three yet , but near the end of season two , I had a conversation with the network about season three just because they needed to understand the radical change in direction we had gone through in the finale .
So they 've know for a while some of my ideas for season three . "
Other Venues ?
And what if season three does n't happen ?
Could it go to another network ?
Says Josh , " It 's not an expensive show .
It 's very average in terms of its costs , but it 's more expensive than all cable shows .
There are limited places for a show like this , I think . "
What about a comic ?
Josh says , " Everyone wants to plan for success and hope that it works out that way , and then if it does n't , we 'll see what happens . "
Shhh ... It 's a Secret : Either way , there will be no spilling of secrets about Terminator 's third season ... yet .
" I think the finale speaks for itself .
It 's very clear what season three is from watching the finale , " says Josh .
( He 's kidding .
I think . )
Still , there 'll be nothing but radio silence on storylines from team Terminator for the foreseeable future .
Says Josh , " I just sent an email out to all the other writers , and I said that , probably , in the weeks ahead , many people will ask you either online or in interviews to talk about season three or ' Can you explain certain things from the season two finale ? '
I asked all the writers to just cordially not .
I kind of feel like if we have a season three , people will see it , and if we do n't have a season three , I like people using their own imagination to see where it goes .
And if we do n't have it , for me to kind of put my foot down — this is what this is and this is what that is — shuts down everyone else 's imagination .
I think in a situation like this , it 's nice to let people kind of create their own fan fiction going forward . "
Will you guys be satisfied with fan fiction , or do you want the real thing ?
Post in the comments , Terminator fans !
How long - lost love letter led to couple marrying after 16 years apart
A couple have married after they were reunited when a long - lost love letter sent ten years ago was found unopened behind a fireplace .
Steve Smith and Carmen Ruiz - Perez , both 42 , walked down the aisle on Friday following a separation of 16 years .
The pair fell in love and got engaged in their 20s after Carmen moved to England as a foreign student .
Newly weds : Steve and Carmen have married after 16 years apart
But after a year - long relationship the couple drifted apart when she had to move back to France .
A few years later Steve wrote to her in a bid to rekindle their romance - but Carmen 's mother put it on the mantlepiece and it slipped down the back of the fireplace .
It remained there unopened for the next decade until the fireplace was removed for renovations .
Carmen - who had remained single and never forgot the love of her life - was given the letter in which Steve had written : ' I hope you are well .
I was just writing to ask if you ever married and if you ever still thought of me ?
' It would be great to hear from you , please great in touch if you can .
Steve XXX .'
Factory supervisor
Steve said : ' I did n't write much because I assumed she would be remarried .
I never thought it would take ten years to hear back . '
Carmen said she was initially too nervous to call as so much time had passed but plucked up the courage and the pair arranged to meet .
They met up in Paris a few days later and have now wed - 17 years after they first fell in love .
Steve , of Paignton , Devon , said : ' When we met again it was like a film .
We ran across the airport into each other 's arms .
As they were :
The couple were in a relationship in 1993 when Carmen was studying in the UK but drifted apart when she returned to France
' We met up and fell in love all over again .
Within 30 seconds of setting eyes on each other we were kissing .
' Now we 're married , I 'm just glad the letter did eventually end up where it was supposed to be . '
Carmen , who is now living with Steve in Paignton , said the wedding was the pinnacle of an ' amazing ' love story .
She added : ' I never got married and now I 'm marrying the man I have always loved . '
Top Chef host Padma Lakshmi may be on television an extra half - hour every week .
According to Variety , she would star in an NBC sitcom as a woman working in the culinary world .
Possible title : Single Serving .
Lakshmi's acting credits also include the ABC miniseries The Ten Commandments , her role as Sylk in Mariah Carey 's Glitter , and her turn in a racy burger commercial .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Mrs Linley , 31 , an estate agent , said : " When we went to open our presents and saw all the boxes were the same shape I thought , ' this is quite strange ' , and then we began to open them and it was toaster after toaster after toaster .
The WiMax coverage in Baltimore is good but far from comprehensive .
The signal blankets downtown and many of the neighborhoods , but it stops just a few blocks from my house .
The cellphone tower is on one side of the hill and my house is on the other .
Clearwire says that it is slowly expanding coverage but I ’ve seen little change in the map over the last few months .
WiMax can also suffer from the same problems that affect all wireless services .
Rain and snow absorb the signal , reducing the quality of the service during storms , an effect the industry calls “ rain fade . ”
Trees and other plants are filled with water and can cause the same problems even when the sun is shining .
Thick walls are also a challenge .
Being closer to the tower is always better for service .
All of these effects work together , so it ’s no surprise that the maps of WiMax service show that early deployment is concentrated in the densest part of the city where trees are rare .
That ’s where the most people will find the best reception .
But wireless also comes with advantages .
I ’ve averaged about one visit from the phone or cable company every year or so because the copper wires coming to my house need their care .
Both services require internal wiring that must either be fished through the walls or the baseboard .
Wireless service to the home avoids these problems .
The Xohm / Clearwire base station can sit anywhere in the house and it can even be moved , but putting it on a higher floor near a window improves service .
If the house is n’t near the tower , it may even help to put it on the closest side of the house where there ’s no dense foliage in the path .
Using the WiMax laptop card alone also works under the same conditions .
The more I used the laptop while traveling around the city , the more aware I became of the time it took Windows to start .
While the Internet service may be available everywhere , it took several painful minutes for Windows to boot up .
To make matters worse , the U300 card needs its own minute or so to look for a signal .
Some netbook manufacturers are experimenting with adding a simpler operating system that can start much faster than Microsoft Windows .
These machines can boot up in less than 10 seconds but only by loading a lightweight operating system that offers a few basic services like a Web browser or Skype .
The full version of Windows is still available if you need it .
Needless to say , offering such a start - up time will change the utility of these microlaptops considerably .
Speeding the start - up time will be crucial if the netbooks want to compete with smartphones for casual use by people on the go .
The bandwidth is ready to supply full - size applications that augment reality with an endless heavy stream of data .
Scott Richardson , chief strategy officer of Clearwire , told me : “ I did a demonstration in Portland with some computer industry guys .
I was driving down a road going 60 miles per hour and I got a 14 megabits - per- second download . ”
Portland came online in January of this year and Clearwire just announced that it was selling service in Atlanta and Las Vegas a few weeks ago .
This is n’t the end .
Clearwire says it ’s on to Chicago , Dallas - Fort Worth , Honolulu , Seattle and Charlotte , N.C.
They ’re all fine cities , even if they do n’t all have the same level of baseball and the same fertile source of inspiration for narrative crime dramas .
Dr Maxey has not flown to conferences and meetings for the last 15 years
An academic has refused an all expenses paid trip to a conference in Washington to discuss tackling carbon emissions .
Larch Maxey of Swansea University described the invite to the Smithsonian Festival , which this year focuses on Wales , as the " irony of our times . "
He said the plane journey across the Atlantic would use several years ' worth of his carbon share and now others invited to attend have followed suit .
Instead they taking part in the event via video link .
Some have chosen to fly to attend but Dr Maxey said there was " no finger pointing . "
" It is a great opportunity to showcase Wales , " he added .
" To be fair to the organisers they looked at getting everyone to the conference by boat but it was not possible .
I would encourage everyone to think about their carbon emissions
Dr Larch Maxey
" If I had flown it 's more than my share of carbon emissions for a couple of years . "
He said he had been avoiding flying for around 15 years and those conferences he could not reach by rail , bus or boat he turned down .
' I regularly use phone and video conference meetings , but this is the first time I 've used it to present at an international conference .
" It 's really empowering to be able to make the choice .
" I would encourage everyone to think about their carbon emissions .
" We have to do everything we can as soon as we can and everyone has to play their part . "
The conference , organised by the Wales ' Centre for Alternative Technology , was taking place on Thursday and Friday .
Other key speakers including assembly government environment minister Jane Davidson and Molly Scott Cato of the University of Wales Cardiff , will also have their presentations streamed by staff at Swansea University .
Dr. Maxey 's presentation entitled ' The Future in Our Hands : Low Impact Development and Sustainability Transitions ' draws on his recent book and current research project funded by the Leverhulme Trust .
Wales is the featured nation at the 43rd Annual Smithsonian Folklife Festival and chose to focus on sustainability throughout its programme at the festival .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
British troops in Helmand say they rarely get a clear shot at Taliban attackers , who ambush them with improvised explosive devices , rocket - propelled grenades and assault rifles .
The explosive devices  some made with fertilizer distributed to Afghan farmers in an effort to wean them from opium production  are the most feared weapon .
The Taliban favor ambushes in the morning and evening and do not often strike during the blazing afternoon heat .
In recent weeks some British troops have been setting up what are known as “ blocking positions ” on bridges over irrigation canals and at other locations , apparently to help stop the flow of insurgents during the main military operation and to establish greater security before the presidential election scheduled for August .
The British forces , whose main base in Helmand is adjacent to the main Marine base , will continue to support the new operation .
Image U.S. Marines walking toward a helicopter transport at Camp Dwyer .
Credit ...
Manpreet Romana / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The British have had too few troops to conduct full - scale counterinsurgency operations and have often relied on heavy aerial weapons , including bombs and helicopter gunships , to attack suspected fighters and their hideouts .
The strategy has alienated much of the population because of the potential for civilian deaths .
Now , the Marines say their new mission , called Operation Khanjar , will include more troops and resources than ever before , as well as a commitment by the troops to live and patrol near population centers to ensure that residents are protected .
More than 600 Afghan soldiers and police officers are also involved .
Gary McKinnon suffers from Asperger 's Syndrome Home Secretary Alan Johnson has said he would be breaking the law if he blocked hacker Gary McKinnon 's extradition .
Mr McKinnon , from north London , who has Asperger 's Syndrome , lost a court bid to avoid being extradited to the US .
The US wants to try the 43 - year - old for what it calls the biggest military computer hack ever in 2001 / 02 .
He maintains he was seeking UFO evidence .
But writing in the Sunday Times , Mr Johnson said : " It would be unlawful for the home secretary to intervene . "
The crimes he is accused of are far from trivial
Alan Johnson
Home Secretary
Reaction to decision Gary McKinnon profile Mr Johnson 's predecessor Jacqui Smith formally gave the go ahead for Mr McKinnon 's extradition in October 2008 .
He said after a court rules there is enough evidence , a home secretary can prevent an extradition only in very specific circumstances , none of which applied in Mr McKinnon 's case .
In his article , the home secretary acknowledged that it was " understandable " that many would be sympathetic to " someone who appears to be a misguided , vulnerable young man " .
But Mr Johnson added that " the crimes he is accused of are far from trivial " and said Mr McKinnon " should be tried fairly for them in a court of law and in the country where the impact of those crimes were felt " .
The home secretary also denied that extradition law was wrong , arguing that it was appropriate for " an age where crime is increasingly indifferent to national borders " .
' Very difficult ' Glasgow - born Mr McKinnon could face 60 years or more in prison if convicted in the US .
He admits hacking by accessing 97 government computers belonging to organisations such as the US Navy and Nasa , but denies it was malicious .
He also denies the allegation he caused damage costing $ 800,000 ( £ 487,000 ) .
US -UK EXTRADITION TREATY 2003 treaty , agreed in aftermath of 9/11 attacks
Offence must be punishable by one year or more in jail in both countries US has to prove " reasonable suspicion " for extradition of a British citizen
To extradite an American from the US , British must prove " probable cause " Since 2004 , 46 people have been sent from the UK to the US for trial , and 27 from the US to the UK Mr McKinnon has always insisted he was looking for classified documents on UFOs , which he believed the US authorities had suppressed .
He has challenged refusals by the home secretary and the director of public prosecutions ( DPP ) to try him in the UK .
But the DPP refused to order a UK trial , saying the bulk of the evidence was located in the US and Mr McKinnon 's actions were directed against the US military infrastructure .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
And two judges rejected his court bid to avoid extradition , ruling that it was " a lawful and proportionate response " to his offence , even though they conceded he might find extradition and prison in the US " very difficult indeed " .
Mr McKinnon has already appealed unsuccessfully to the House of Lords and the European Court of Human Rights .
But the case has led to a political row , with Tory leader David Cameron saying it raised " serious questions " about the extradition pact between the US and UK .
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne has argued the American government would not " hang one of their citizens out to dry in the same way " .
A letter has been sent to President Obama signed by 40 British MPs asking him to step in and " bring this shameful episode to an end " .
Mr McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , has also called on President Obama to intervene .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yesterday the Italian Parliament finally approved the new laws on security , introducing explicitly racist rules .
From now on a migrant who marries an Italian can get Italian citizenship only if she / he has been living in the country for two years ( three years if the partner is abroad ) .
Previous laws set a period of six months .
Under the new law , in order to get married , a migrant will have to show the residence permit .
Weddings with “ illegal ” migrants are not allowed .
Illegal entry and stay in the country has become a criminal offence and will be punished with a fine between 5,000 and 10,000 Euros , together with immediate repatriation ( the go - ahead from the relevant authorities will not have to be issued any more ) .
The home should be judged as suitable in order to get the residence .
Without showing the residence permit , it will not be possible to access to any administrative office .
This means that migrants ’ children will be considered “ clandestine ” by birth .
Money transfers cannot be made without showing the residence permit .
Anyone not exhibiting it could be reported by Money Transfer .
Migrants who have just got into the country could be kept in CIE ( Centres for migrants ' Identification and Expulsion ) for a period up to six months .
Previously , the limit was sixty days .
A tax of 200 Euros will have to be paid for issuing and renewing the residence permit .
Arrest for a period of up to one year for not providing the residence permit .
In order to get it , you will have to know the Italian language .
People without a permanent place of residence will be filed in a register .
The residence permit will have points like the driving licence .
Criminal charges for illegal migration “ aid and abet ” becomes stricter , but not for those who exploit migrant workers .
Finally , the famous volunteers who will patrol the roads of their town have been legalized .
There 's much to be said about the shocking display of racism exhibited by Pat Buchanan on MSNBC over the past few days , but let 's take a look at the accuracy and relevance of the three of the claims he made yesterday on Rachel Maddow 's show .
Buchanan made the claim while attempting to explain why 108 of 110 Supreme Court justices have been white .
As you 'll see , he 's every bit as intellectually dishonest as he is racist .
Buchanan claimed :
White men were 100 % of people who died at Gettysburg and Vicksburg
In the strictest sense , this claim is not true -- at least one black solider was killed at Gettysburg .
But even though the claim is nearly true , it 's intellectually dishonest to claim that it is relevant .
The implicit argument offered by Buchanan is that African - Americans sat on the sidelines during the Civil War .
The reality , however , is that by the end of the war , 10 % of the Union army was black .
200,000 Union soldiers were black and 38,000 died .
Moreover , at the onset of the war , much of the African - American population was enslaved .
Buchanan 's claim is a rhetorical attempt to claim moral superiority for whites , but the flip - side of his claim undercuts its absurdity : were it not for racist whites ( like Buchanan , who undoubtedly would have sided with the Confederacy ) , we would never have had a civil war in the first place .
Buchanan claimed :
White men were close to 100 % of the people who died at Normandy
The 320th Antiaircraft Barrage Balloon Battalion at Normandy
As the above picture shows , Buchanan 's claim is wrong .
Not only did 2,000 African - Americans storm the beaches of Normandy , but 1.2 million blacks served in World War II .
Moreover , it 's important to remember that during this time , black soldiers were segregated from white .
So even if Buchanan 's claim were true , the reason would have been traceable to institutionalized racism , not the moral superiority of white people .
Starting with the Korean War , the U.S. government began tracking deaths by race .
Those numbers also refute Buchanan 's general claim : in the Korean War , whites comprised 80 % of the war dead .
In Vietnam , it was 86 % .
In the first Gulf War it was 76 % .
So Buchanan 's 100 % claim just does n't add up .
Buchanan claimed :
This has been a country built , basically , by white folks
Buchanan primarily based this assertion on the above two claims plus the obviously true claim that the authors of the Constitution and the signers of the Declaration of Independence were white men .
Aside from the intellectual dishonesty of his military claims , Buchanan ignores the massive contributions of non-whites to America 's development .
He offers no recognition to the slaves whose labor was essential for such a long period of time and he fails to address contributions made by other immigrant groups such as Chinese - Americans who helped build the rail system , or Latinos who are an important part of the agricultural economy today .
Perhaps the real problem with Pat Buchanan 's narrative of America is that he views everything through a racial and ethnic filter .
We 're all in this thing together , and the last thing we need is to exacerbate the racial and ethnic divisions in America .
Rejecting the anger and hatred and lies at the heart of Pat Buchanan 's world view wo n't magically those divisions , but it sure would be a major step in the right direction .
Update ( 7:42 PM ) --
This post is n't intended to be an exhaustive refutation of Buchanan 's intellectual dishonesty , but a reader reminded me of an important point that warrants this update : it would be impossible to do conduct an honest and accurate history of America without recognizing the brutal treatment of Native Americans .
Die besten Filme zum Gruseln
16 . FEB
später Nacht , wenn die Äste an den Bäumen kratzen , die Wölfe heulen und die Raben auf den Ästen lauern .
Welche Schauer jagen einem da doch den Rücken hinab und wie beklommen wird der Blick auf den Fernseher .
Verständlich , denn Horrorfilme eignen sich in einsamen Nächten nicht nur , um sich einfach nur mal schön zu Gruseln .
Weiterlesen …
Wie funktioniert Fernsehen in HD ?
12 . FEB
HD Fernsehen , also hoch auflösendes Fernsehen , basiert auf einer besseren Auflösung der Fernsehbilder und einer verbesserten Audioübertragung .
Beides wurde durch zwei Technologien möglich : die Übertragung der Signale auf digitalem Weg und die Herstellung und Wiedergabe besserer Bilder und Audiolines .
Die Bilder werden in HD in einer höheren Zeilenzahl und Bildwiederholrate wiedergegeben , zudem unterscheiden sich die Bildaufbauverfahren vom herkömmlichen Fernsehen .
Weiterlesen …
Homepage für Freelancer
02 . FEB
Heutzutage ist es schwer ohne Werbung im Geschäft zu bleiben oder neue Kunden zu gewinnen .
Die Unternehmen und Dienstleister versuchen auf verschiedene Weisen für ihre Dienstleistungen und Produkte zu werben .
TV - Spot oder eine Anzeige in den Printmedien gehören zu den kostspieligeren Alternativen .
Das Internet bietet auch einige Möglichkeiten sich und eigene Dienste zu präsentieren .
Man kann zum Beispiel einen Banner auf einer externen Webseite schalten , jedoch gehören diese Arten der Werbung nicht zu den preiswertesten .
Weiterlesen …
Videoslots mit kostenlosen Freispielen ohne Einzahlung
29 . JAN
Mehr und mehr Online Casinos bieten nun bei Spielautomaten , also Videoslots im Internet , Freispiele ohne Einzahlung an .
Dies ist ein kostenloser Bonus , der völlig gratis und ohne eigene Verbindlichkeiten genutzt werden kann .
Was haben die Casinos davon ?
Die Antwort ist denkbar einfach : Werbung .
Natürlich verlieren diese Online Casinos dadurch einige Euro , die aber durch die große Anzahl an neuen Kunden wieder mehr als wettgemacht werden soll .
Die Vorteile einer Videokonferenz
22 . JAN
In der heutigen Zeit arbeiten Menschen an unterschiedlichen Orten zusammen und kommunizieren oftmals über verschiedene Medien .
Dabei tritt die Face - to - Face - Kommunikation häufig in den Hintergrund , weil man einfach räumlich getrennt ist .
Viele Unternehmen bedienen sich heute der Videokonferenzen über das Internet und können so völlig unkompliziert Meetings abhalten , bei denen man zeitnah und direkt reagieren kann .
Weiterlesen …
Worauf kommt es bei einer guten Webcam an ?
16 . JAN
Wer sich eine Webcam kaufen möchte , trifft mittlerweile auf eine sehr breit gefächerte Produktvielfalt in ganz unterschiedlichen Preisklassen .
Vor allem seit fast jeder Haushalt in Deutschland mit einem internetfähigen Computer ausgestattet ist , kommen die Webcams immer mehr zum Einsatz .
Viele Notebooks werden zwischenzeitlich mit einer integrierten Webcam geliefert .
Wer keine Kamera integriert hat oder einen Aufsatz für die Webcam nutzt , der sollte sich eine stationäre Kamera zulegen .
Weiterlesen …
Mit eigenen Videos auf Youtube Geld verdienen
15 . JAN
Videos bilden eines der vorherrschenden Medien im World Wide Web .
Insbesondere kurze Filme von bis zu 3 Minuten Länge werden von den Usern ungemein gerne angeschaut , bieten sie doch eine willkommene Ablenkung vom Alltag , ohne zu viel Zeit zu beanspruchen .
Die Nachfrage nach unterhaltsamen Kurzfilmen ist ungebrochen und wird in der nahen Zukunft vermehrt zunehmen .
Weiterlesen …
Ein Vergleich der wichtigsten Video on Demand - Anbieter
03 . JAN
Filme und Serien kann man durch viele Möglichkeiten sehen , vom Kino , über DVD bis hin zum TV .
Gerade beim Fernsehen trifft man auf viele Serien und Filme , welche zwar mit Werbung versehen sind , aber dennoch angesehen werden können .
Gerade bei Lieblingsserien , kann es jedoch vorkommen , dass man mal eine Episode verpasst hat und auch nicht den Button zur Aufnahme gedrückt hatte .
Genau dann ist es nützlich einen Video - on - Demand , kurz : VOD , Service zu besitzen .
Weiterlesen …
Wie funktioniert eigentlich Videostreaming ?
11 . DEZ
Unter dem Begriff “ Videostreaming ” versteht man die opto-akustische Live - Übertragung von Ereignissen , die so im Internet verfolgt werden kann .
Es ist hier gewissermaßen von der Nachfolge der im Bereich des Fernsehens bekannten “ Live - Sendung ” die Rede – oder auch von jenem Programm , welches zeitecht von einer Medienanstalt in das Internet eingespeist wird .
Weiterlesen …
Auf Twitter kann man jetzt auch Videos posten
10 . DEZ
Der Kurznachrichtendienst
Twitter ist einer der Webdienste , deren Aufstieg sehr steil von statten ging .
Mit der Möglichkeit , Kurznachrichten an andere Mitglieder zu senden , schaffte es der Microblogging - Dienst inzwischen auch auf mehrere Millionen Mitglieder .
Weiterlesen …
There has been a fairly constant drum - beat about a PS3 mote for a good two years .
Ever since the first reports of the patent back in January 2007 .
As recent as last month we have seen reports from Kombo saying the PS3 mote is complete and developers have been adding functionality into game recently .
According to a variety of sources , Sony is prepping for a proper showing of the new device at this years E3 .
Looks like Sony will have a ONE , TWO punch this year with this and the PSP Go annoucement .
A good source saw a working prototype several months ago that largely fit what was in the patent .
Sony ’s controller apparently used LEDs ( light emitting diodes , essentially little electric light sources ) and a small webcam to track the device ’s movements .
Because the camera can read different color lights and the shape and angle of each light , it ’s much more accurate than the Wii-mote .
It can track precise movements , including along the Z axis ( pushing toward and away from the TV ; something the Wii is really bad at ) as well as velocity .
– Variety
[ Source ]
I admit completely that one of the biggest reasons , perhaps the reason , that I spent my hard - earned money on a copy of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade game back in the day was because of the Grail Diary in the box .
LucasArts is finally bringing back several of its older games and franchises , in a variety of ways .
This week , the new Tales of Monkey Island series debuts .
Next week , the original Secret of Monkey Island will launch on Xbox Live Arcade with optional new HD graphics .
And the publisher said today that it will bring more of its older games to Steam , including Last Crusade , a point - and - click adventure in the Monkey Island style that follows the plot of the third Indy flick .
The Last Crusade movie resonated with me moreso than the others in the series because I loved the idea of puzzles and hidden treasures , and what was this movie but a treasure hunt , with its book of cryptic clues and lost secrets of ancient religion ?
The fact that the game included a replica of the movie 's central MacGuffin , the diary of Henry Jones Sr. , was enough to get me to buy it .
The fact that I was already a dyed - in - the - wool fan of point - and - click adventure games helped , of course , but I did n't say I would n't have ended up playing the game otherwise – just that I was convinced to actually pay for it .
Not that we ended up pirating very many games once the CD - ROM format became standard , mind you , as the increased size made it impractical .
The Grail Diary was , although I could n't have articulated it to you at the time , a many - layered method of copy protection .
In the days before online DRM , there was , generally speaking , nothing that a PC game publisher could do to stop consumers from making as many copies of a piece of software as they liked .
What they did , instead was twofold :
Make it difficult to play the game without being in possession of the game 's hard - copy instruction manual , and make it more enticing to own the game by including awesome physical goods in the package .
The diary , then , was all of these wrapped up in one .
As a collector 's item , it was a chance to actually read the book that propelled the movie forward – or rather , a version of it written by LucasArts writers and illustrated by ( who else ? )
Steve Purcell of Sam & Max fame .
As copy protection , it held clues to solving the game 's puzzles that could not be found in the software itself .
The downside to this form of copy protection was that if you ever lost the manual ( or things like the " Dial - A - Pirate " wheel included with the original Monkey Island ) , you 'd render your game unplayable .
This , plus more sophisticated technology - based copy protection schemes , led to the rapid decline of techniques like this after the early CD - ROM era .
I just find it interesting , in this day and age of protests against DRM , to look back on a time when game publishers occasionally found solutions that gave the consumer some notable benefits to make up for the fact that they were being inconvenienced by the copy protection schemes .
I read the diary cover to cover before even installing the game .
I 'm sure there were others who felt the same way – looking around now , there 's a fan community that 's sprung up around the diary and creates their own replicas based on the pages from the movie props that have been leaked or shown to the public .
There 's a PDF of the diary available on ReplacementDocs , a repository of old game manuals .
Lucas has said that an official PDF format of the diary will be included when you buy the game from Steam .
See Also :
All Departments Advertising Sales Central Data and Research Community Content Creator Finance & Information Technology Intern Legal , Trust & Safety Marketing Monetization Monetization - Commerce People & Places Platforms & Services Twitch Music Video Platform Viewer Experience All Offices Chicago , IL Göteborg , Sweden Hamburg , Germany Irvine , CA London , UK Los Angeles , CA Mexico City , Mexico New York City Paris , France Remote Salt Lake City , UT San Francisco , CA Sao Paulo , Brazil Seattle , WA Seoul , Korea Singapore Sydney , Australia Taipei , Taiwan Tokyo , Japan Toronto , Ontario , Canada Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada
We could n't find the job you are looking for .
Try changing your filters .
Ferrari's Felipe Massa is to return to Sao Paulo on 3 August , just nine days after fracturing his skull during qualifying for the Hungarian GP .
The Brazilian , 28 , left intensive care in Budapest earlier this week as he continues to make good progress after surgery on his life - threatening injury .
His personal doctor , Dino Altmann , said : " Felipe continues to improve .
" He is doing very well , and we have already decided to go back home on Monday to Sao Paulo . "
There had been speculation that Massa would continue his recovery at the Pitie - Salpetriere Hospital in Paris .
But Altmann said : " He is to continue his recovery and return to racing as soon as possible , that 's the plan .
He is in a very good mood , good shape , and he just wants to come back soon . "
Massa was hit on the helmet by a metal spring , the size of a drink can and weighing almost a kilo , which fell off fellow Brazilian Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn car .
When he was flown to hospital , his condition was initially diagnosed as " life - threatening " , and there were fears for his eyesight .
But doctors took Massa out of an artificial coma and off a respirator on Monday as he continued to make good progress .
Massa was visited by Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali and Domenicali's predecessor Jean Todt on Tuesday .
" It was incredible to see such a fantastic improvement after just three days , " said Domenicali , who was also upbeat on Massa 's chances of returning to F1 .
" As soon as he is back , that is his car , " he added .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Seven - time world champion Michael Schumacher is to race again for Ferrari while Massa recovers .
The spring from Barrichello's car struck Massa 's helmet just above his eye , and his feet are believed to have come to rest on both the throttle and brake , as his car ploughed head - on into a tyre wall at about 125 m ph .
His father , mother and pregnant wife all flew in from Brazil to be with him .
Massa 's accident came days after Formula Two driver Henry Surtees , 18 , was killed in what was described as a freak accident during a race at Brands Hatch .
The son of motorsport legend John Surtees was struck by a wheel that flew off a competitor 's car .
Barrichello has led the calls for more stringent safety measures to be looked into .
Referring to Surtees , the veteran refused to believe the two incidents were coincidental .
606 : MASSA TRIBUTES
Thank goodness , Massa looks like he his winning
The Legend that is PhilSlocombe " I honestly do n't believe in coincidences in life , " he said on Saturday .
" Things happen for a reason and I think this is the second message .
" Imola [ where Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger died in 1994 ] was a message and the cars were improved .
Unfortunately , we lost a boy [ Surtees ] , which is tremendously sad . "
Barrichello's team boss Ross Brawn said the team are still investigating why the spring came loose from the back of their car .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What do you do when you are dealing with what seems like a bizarre compiler bug , with the compiler being nothing less than GHC ?
First , pinch yourself — check ; then try again , 3 times to be sure — check ; clear out ‘ dist / ’ and any temporary build files — check ; sleep on it — check .
And it ’s still happening .
I ’m trying to use HStringTemplate for my personal blog software , in particular the renderf function .
I was getting tricky compilation errors , and in the course of messing around I found the following :
GHC cannot compile a certain function , call it func1 for now , which uses renderf .
But it compiles and works just fine if another function func2 ( which does n’t use renderf , but does use a related HStringTemplate function render ) is present in the module , even though func2 is not used anywhere in the project .
Changing some of the details of what func2 does causes compilation to fail again , though other details can be changed .
That has to be impossible , right ?
Am I losing my mind ?
Ideally I ’d create a nice simple test case , but that might take hours , and changing small things about the voodoo function func2 seems to destroy its magical properties , and I ’m suspecting the problem is in me .
So I ’ll just post all my code .
The bad news is there are lots of dependencies .
The good news is I have used cabal , so the following instructions should suffice if you have cabal installed .
Download and install ‘ ella ’ ( CGI web framework I ’m writing ) and dependencies :
hg clone -r 30aa625a3f51 http://bitbucket.org/spookylukey/ella/ cd ella / cabal configure -- user && cabal build && cabal install -- user cd ..
( You can download a tarball if you do n’t have mercurial )
Download and build the blog software :
hg clone -r e1015168e56 b
http://bitbucket.org/spookylukey/haskellblog/ cd haskellblog / cabal configure -- user && cabal build
( Again , download the tarball if you do n’t have mercurial )
The build should succeed .
Now , the voodoo function is at the end of src / Blog / Views.hs .
Comment it out :
perl - pi -e 's/this_is_not_used/-- this_is_not_used /' src/Blog/Views.hs
Build again :
cabal build
Result - this compilation error .
I do n’t know whether that compilation error is correct or not , but either way , it seems crazy that it could depend on the existence and implementation of a completely unused function .
For reference , I ’m using GHC 6.10.1 .
Any ideas ?
2017 Update - looks like I was bitten by the monomorphism restriction ‘ feature ’ .
When Canadian police tasered Robert Dziekanski –- a man who had arrived in Vancouver International airport in October 2007 from Poland – it was not the surveillance cameras that helped bring the incident to light .
It was witness Paul Pritchard who captured the killing on his camera phone .
Dziekanski was tasered at least twice and then beaten by police .
This is but one example of citizens capturing their ordinary day - to - day life activities and uncovering crimes that have previously escaped capture by surveillance that looks only “ from above . ”
Clearly , there is value in looking in all directions — an ordinary citizen can round out the perspective provided by surveillance cameras by watching people “ from below ” with a simple hand - held camera phone .
Sousveillance – the inverse of surveillance – is the general activity of an individual capturing a first - person recording of an activity from his or her own perspective as a participant in the activity .
Rather than watching " from above , " the French “ sous ” means “ under ” or “ from below . ”
This is “ undersight ” rather than oversight – looking upwards from below .
The SenseCam
To make a continuous capture of day - to - day activity , in the early 1990s I invented , designed , and built a neck - worn capture system containing various sensors as well as a camera having a fisheye lens .
Here is a picture I took in 1998 of this invention :
This camera had various sensors in it , along with retroactive recording capability so that , for example , it could begin recording from 15 - minutes - ago when it detected a slip - and fall event , and was part of a CyborGLOGGING ( “ glogging ” ) effort I started before the days of blogging ( presently at http://glogger.mobi).
In 2004 , Gordon Bell invited me to present this work as the opening keynote address at a gathering where he brought together researchers interested in working on Continuous Archival and Retrieval of Personal Experience ( Carpe ) ( See Resources Below )
Microsoft is currently manufacturing a version of this neck - worn camera invention , called the SenseCam ( currently a research project .
Not available to consumers . )
Here ’s an example of a video diary created with a SenseCam :
While camera phones and similar portable technologies make capturing incidents like Dziekanski ’s death possible by the average citizen , new integrated technologies such as the SenseCam , electric seeing aids , visual memory aids for the elderly , and Personal Safety Devices ( PSDs ) that record our entire lives have the potential to alter radically our notions of personal protection –- and also keep those " higher up " honest and informed .
These technologies include wearable , implantable , and body - borne computing devices .
PSDs in particular can also provide cheap life insurance by functioning like the " black box " flight recorder on an aircraft in case of a personal incident .
Surveillance : Watching from Above
The movie P2 will make you squirm in your seat – you ’ll probably never again enter a parking garage alone .
A businesswoman is pursued by a psychopathic security guard who ’s been stalking her on Christmas Eve in an underground parking garage using his network of surveillance cameras .
After securing the doors to the garage , the guard rapes and then tries to kill her .
Security cameras and remote - control security locks all serve to reduce her actual safety from higher - up , even as they give her a false sense of safety from down - below .
Surveillance literally means ( in French ) " to watch over ” or “ to watch from above . "
In particular , “ sur ” is French for “ over ” or “ from above ” , and “ veillance ” comes from “ veiller ” which is French for “ to watch ” .
Thus the literal English translation of “ surveillance ” is “ oversight . ”
This is watching average citizens from on high .
You can think of surveillance and oversight as looking downward from a ladder .
Surveillance often involves police watching citizens from the higher rungs of the ladder , while examples of oversight include a police chief watching his or her officers , or a higher government body watching over the police chief .
Surveillance keeps you and me from stealing a loaf of bread , while oversight helps to keep politicians and police from being corrupt .
Sousveillance : Watching from Below
If surveillance is the view from the higher rungs of the ladder , what is the view from the lower rungs ?
Would things have gone differently for the woman in P2 if she had a camera phone or SenseCam to record the incident and potentially broadcast directly to " higher ups " such as police or some other form of security ?
Sousveillance is a form of “ reflectionism , ” a term that describes the use of technology to mirror and confront bureaucratic organizations .
Reflectionism holds up the mirror and asks the question : “ Do you like what you see ? ”
Reflectionism becomes sousveillance when it is applied to individuals using tools to observe the organizational observer .
Sousveillance focuses on enhancing the ability of people to access and collect data about their surveillance and to neutralize surveillance .
Sousveillance is not counter - surveillance or anti-surveillance – rather , it is a relatively new and growing phenomenon that has arisen despite –- and in parallel with –- surveillance .
Sousveillance involves more than citizens merely photographing police , shoppers photographing department store clerks , or passengers photographing the cab drivers who drive “ YOU WILL BE PHOTOGRAPHED ” taxicabs .
Rather , sousveillance is the recording of an activity by a participant in the activity , without necessarily having or involving any political , artistic , or ethnomethodological agenda .
For example , one day a cab driver may be a passenger in someone else ’s cab , or a store manager may be a customer at another store .
It ’s not the goal of sousveillance to divide the world into the watchers and the watched - watching - back – rather ; the goal is to recognize that both surveillance and sousveillance can co-exist .
The Blair Watch Project ( not to be confused with the 1999 movie The Blair Witch Project which also used personal recording devices ) is an example of such undersight .
The Blair Watch Project was a citizen ’s initiative by the UK newspaper The Guardian to encourage people to keep tabs on the UK ’s former Prime Minister Tony Blair using cell phones and digital cameras as he campaigned around the UK .
This is one form of sousveillance –- watching - from - below at the lower rungs of the ladder .
A more recent example is the use of camera phones , email , and the Internet during the Iran elections .
Iranian citizens risked their lives to capture the massive unrest in the streets of Tehran after the seemingly fraudulent elections of 2009 and to communicate to the rest of the world in digital images .
The State - run television did not carry this coverage , and all foreign journalists were banned from the streets even as the surveillance cameras rolled .
The widespread adoption of sousveillance technologies is inevitable .
Moreover , when people start wearing remote monitoring system as a personal safety device , it may actually reduce both the real and the perceived need for people to carry self - defense weapons like guns or pepper spray .
Cellular telephones are already being promoted as " weapons " against crime .
This trend suggests a possible balance - of - power in which police carry guns and citizens carry cameras ( and call the police if necessary ) , rather than the surveillance - only society with police having both the guns — and the cameras that can pry into private matters , possibly when no crimes are being committed .
Undersight –- watching people from below — involves at least four different , but interrelated , types of sousveillance :
1. Prosthetics
2. Insurance
3. Equiveillance
4. “ Alibi . ”
Let ’s take a look at each of these in turn :
Sousveillance : Prosthetics
Given the growing demographic of elderly people with increasingly foggy memories , many might consider something akin to a visual hearing aid –- a visual memory aid consisting of a wearable camera and portable computer system .
The University of Toronto is involved with various projects to invent such assistive technologies for people with special needs , for example , laser EyeTap electric eyeglasses help people to see better .
When combined with a wearable computer that provides supplementary visual information to its wearer , the computerized eyeglasses can also help Alzheimer ’s patients and others to remember things better .
This is known as a Visual Memory Prosthetic ( VMP ) .
Sousveillance : Insurance
A communications prosthetic or PSD for special - needs individuals and the elderly will help them communicate better with others and also help protect them from violence .
It does the following :
keeps a record of what happens ,
makes it obvious to the perpetrator that there are remote witnesses ( not merely a local recording that can be seized or destroyed by the perpetrator ) and ,
facilitates a real - time discussion with a remote entity .
Some insurance companies are even willing to provide PSD users with reduced life insurance premiums .
With connections to large Health Management Organizations ( HMOs ) , insurance companies are in a unique position to provide a " Safety Management Organization " or SMO built upon a similar concept –- using the same call center as the HMO –- to patch into a network of prosthetically - enhanced “ cyborg ” users .
In this way , an at - risk person uses the system to establish a connection to the insurance company ’s call center .
Here are two example scenarios :
Officer : “ Put your hands above your head . "
Remote Call Operator : “ The person you are talking to is hearing - impaired … ” Officer : “ Are you recording this ? ” Remote Call Operator : “ The person you are talking to is wearing a computerized visual memory aid .
For quality control and training purposes , your interaction with him is being transmitted and recorded at our remote offices .
If you have any problems with this , please contact ABC insurance company at 999-999-9999 .
May we be of assistance ?
How can we help you ? "
Sousveillance : Equiveillance
Surveillance implies a kind of social contract in which actions are recorded by an organization , and in which we may be held accountable for these actions .
The third type of sousveillance –- also known as " equiveillance " –- posits that whenever our actions are being recorded by another entity , we are entitled to a copy of these recordings for our own use as evidence in support of our situation .
For example , if you ’re accused of shoplifting , you presumably have access to the store ’s surveillance recordings through the process of discovery .
However , in practice , the store may only keep portions of the recordings that they deem relevant or that support their side of the argument .
Equiveillance is best understood by analogy to a written contract in which both parties keep a copy of their agreement .
This helps to prevent one party from falsifying the contract , or –- for example –- simply omitting inadvertently the last page of the contract or one of its schedules .
It ’s not necessary that both parties keep a copy of the contract for this practice to be effective .
If one party were to throw away or lose their copy , but did not tell the other party of this disposal or loss , the other party would likely remain honest , because he does n’t know whether or not another copy existed .
Similarly to equiveillance , a shopkeeper might not falsify her own surveillance data –- edit it , change it , or selectively delete from it – if she knows there is a possibility that some shoppers might have recorded some of the happenings in the store themselves .
It is not necessary for everyone to wear a camera in order to prevent falsification of surveillance data .
It is simply enough for some people to wear cameras some of the time .
One person wearing a visible electric seeing aid – even if it did n’t remember ( that is , “ record ” ) – opens up the possibility of a dishonest person being caught , even if he or she did not know whether or not the seeing aid had memory capability .
Sousveillance : " Alibi "
Hasan Elahi , a professor from Rutgers University , was detained at Detroit Airport after the owners of a storage locker he rented in Florida reported ( incorrectly ) that an Arab man had fled on September 12 , 2001 , leaving explosives in his locker .
New integrated technologies such as the SenseCam , electric seeing aids , and Personal Safety Devices ( PSDs ) that record our entire lives … alter our notions of personal protection .
After being investigated by the FBI , and undergoing nine polygraph tests , he was “ cleared ” of any wrongdoing ( “ cleared ” is in quotes because he was never charged with anything ) .
Professor Hasan used online records to prove his innocence , by way of recordings of his whereabouts , in order to show the falsity of the allegation .
To avoid similar future problems he uses his cell phone as a tracking device to report his movements on a map , as well as broadcast somewhat live ( uploaded daily ) images as he travels around the world .
The result is a photographic record of his daily life which is difficult to falsify .
Originally he only sent this data to the FBI .
Now , by broadcasting it , the data has the added validity of being harder to falsify .
It ’s difficult to fake that much data , especially when there are so many witnesses .
Elahi ’s work is a good example of sousveillance , as it operates in the public sphere , in contrast to surveillance –- which typically operates in secret .
Elahi ’s activity can be thought of as “ Alibi ” sousveillance .
Alibi sousveillance is a form of sousveillance activity aimed at generating an alibi as evidence to defend against allegations of wrongdoing .
Predictions
Protecting ourselves at the individual level should be seen as being as important –- if not more important –- as protecting our buildings .
You can think of clothing as a “ building ” built for a single occupant .
It ’s only natural that the personal architecture of the human body deserves as much or more technological protection as merchandise or products .
And who better to look after our own safety than us as individuals .
Here are some predictions concerning sousveillance and the protection of the individual :
Prediction # 1 : Sousveillance will arise naturally as we replace failing memory with wearable technology .
Just as buildings are automated , and this automation leads naturally to – and is integrated with – surveillance , putting “ intelligence ” ( wearable computing ) onto people will give rise to widespread sousveillance .
Prediction # 2 : To the extent that communications prosthetics result in decreased overall risk – or risk perceptions – sousveillance will become the expected social norm .
In much the same way that good risk management practice includes surveillance of buildings , the same will be true of people ’s protection of their own personal spaces .
Prediction # 3 : Surveillance and oversight will become less necessary when there is sousveillance .
Increased availability and miniaturization of cameras and wearable computers will make surveillance less necessary .
If everyone remembered ( recorded ) everything , there would be little need for surveillance .
Prediction # 4 : A sousveillant society will be a society with less corruption .
Where there is widespread sousveillance , corruption will be either impossible or at least very difficult .
While surveillance locks the basement doors , sousveillance locks all the doors .
A security program without sousveillance is not real security .
As Above , So Below
Consider this double - entendre : “ Oversight - only is an oversight on our part . ”
What ’s missing ( but implied by ) the words “ oversight - only ” is that the watchful supervision comes from above .
Watching only from above is an error or omission ( an “ oversight ” ) on the part of our citizenry .
If we the people only watch from above –- to use the basement analogy , simply locking the basement doors –- we might miss observing certain very important occurrences .
We also need to watch from below – and remember to lock the upstairs doors as well .
While oversight is supposed to be the citizen watchdog that watches the watchers –- for example , the congressional oversight committees that in theory oversee the U.S. government –- the reality is that oversight committees are not always totally independent of the political interests of those they watch over .
Sousveillance technology such as the SenseCam , electric seeing aids , visual memory aids for the elderly , and Personal Safety Devices ( PSDs ) empowers individuals and protects personal spaces .
Let ’s not make the oversight of forgetting “ undersight ” –- we need to watch both from below and above .
The Mimo Mini USB Monitor is an ultra-portable 7 - inch display ideal for laptop users , which will secure you some extra screen real estate when working on - the - go .
Running completely off of a single USB connection , the Mimo does n’t require an additional video card or any extra power and is compact enough to carry in most notebook or netbook cases .
Capable of being used in either landscape or portrait mode , the Mimo ’s 800 x 480 pixel display would be very helpful when trying to multitask on a tiny netbook .
You can shift over your IM client , email , notepad or perhaps ( for the graphic designers out there ) some of your photoshop toolbars and keep them at the ready – unobstructed by other applications you ’re working with .
With a weight of just 1.3 pounds , the Mimo 710 Mini USB Monitor is ready to travel .
Windows - based portables and Intel Macs are fully supported ( no PPC I ’m afraid , but I do feel your pain ) and is available now from ThinkGeek for $ 149.99 .
Source :
ThinkGeek
Condobolin sends in an update to the Australian government 's ongoing efforts to implement ISP - level filtering .
One of the hurdles they had to overcome was to build a system that would allow them to filter content without impairing other internet usage .
A trial of the system has just concluded , and the results are positive — at least , for the government .
Quoting :
[ / caption ]
As anticipated , NASA released images of the Apollo landing sites taken by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) .
The pictures show the Apollo missions ’ lunar module descent stages sitting on the moon ’s surface , as long shadows from a low sun angle make the modules ’ locations evident .
Also visible are the tracks left where the astronauts walked repeatedly in a “ high traffic zone ” and perhaps by the Modularized Equipment Transporter ( MET ) wheelbarrow - like carrier used on Apollo 14 .
Wow .
As a journalist , I ( most of the time ) try to remain objective and calm .
But there ’s only one response to these images :
W00T !
These first images were taken between July 11 and 15 , and the spacecraft is not yet in its final mapping orbit .
Future LROC images from these sites will have two to three times greater resolution .
These images are the first glimpses from LRO , ” said Michael Wargo , chief lunar scientist , NASA Headquarters , Washington .
“ Things are only going to get better . ”
The Japanese Kaguya spacecraft previously took images of some of the Apollo landing sites , but not at a high enough resolution to show any of the details of the lander or any other details .
But here on these images , the hardware is visible .
“ It ’s great to see the hardware on the surface , waiting for us to return , ” said Mark Robinson , principal investigator for LRO .
Robinson said the LROC team anxiously awaited each image .
“ We were very interested in getting our first peek at the lunar module descent stages just for the thrill — and to see how well the cameras had come into focus .
Indeed , the images are fantastic and so is the focus . ”
The Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera , or LROC , was able to image five of the six Apollo sites , with the remaining Apollo 12 site expected to be photographed in the coming weeks .
The spacecraft ’s current elliptical orbit resulted in image resolutions that were slightly different for each site but were all around four feet per pixel .
Because the deck of the descent stage is about 12 feet in diameter , the Apollo relics themselves fill an area of about nine pixels .
However , because the sun was low to the horizon when the images were made , even subtle variations in topography create long shadows .
Standing slightly more than ten feet above the surface , each Apollo descent stage creates a distinct shadow that fills roughly 20 pixels .
The image of the Apollo 14 landing site had a particularly desirable lighting condition that allowed visibility of additional details .
The Apollo Lunar Surface Experiment Package , a set of scientific instruments placed by the astronauts at the landing site , is discernable , as are the faint trails between the module and instrument package left by the astronauts ’ footprints .
Source : NASA
Best - selling author and gay activist E. Lynn Harris died Thursday night at the age of 54 .
The cause of death has not yet been officially determined , but Essence reports the author recently suffered a â€œserious health setbackâ€ during Â a book tour for his novel Basketball Jones .
E. Lynn Harris was widely known for his literary novels featuring closeted and openly gay men struggling for acceptance and success in the face of societal prejudice .
At his death , Harris had published more than 2 million copies of his works .
Harris rose from humble beginnings selling his first novel , Invisible Life , out of the back of his car and at local beauty salons .
The book was later picked up and published nationally by Anchor books .
Some of Harrisâ€™ other novels included If This World Were Mine , Any Way the Wind Blows and A Love of My Own .
Harris won numerous awards for his books , including the James Baldwin Award for Literary Excellence .
In all , Harris published 11 novels throughout his literary career .
Harris also recently taught as a visiting professor at the University of Arkansas .
Harris reportedly became ill while on tour in support of his most recent novel Basketball Jones .
Publicist Laura Gilmore stated that Harris died after being â€œstrickenâ€ at the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills , according to WSBTV.com .
The Los Angeles coronerâ€™s office reports that a man matching Harrisâ€™ name and date of birth died Thursday night at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center .
In a press statement , Doubleday Executive Director of Publicity Alison Rich said that the company â€ “ which published Harrisâ€™ novels â€ “ is â€œdeeply shocked and saddened to learn of [ his ] death at too young an age .
His pioneering novels and powerful memoir about the black gay experience touched and inspired millions of livesâ€ ¦
Lynn was a warm and generous person , beloved by friends , fans and booksellers alike , and we mourn his passing .â€ 
R.I.P .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The remains of 534 newly identified Bosniak Muslim victims of the Srebrenica massacre have been buried 14 years after the event .
Some 8,000 Bosniak Muslims , mainly men and boys , were killed by Bosnian Serbs near the town of Srebrenica in 1995 and buried in mass graves .
About 5,000 of the victims have been identified to date .
Thousands of mourners attended the ceremony , an annual reminder of the Bosniak Muslims ' suffering in the war .
At the Potocari memorial cemetery just outside Srebrenica , in eastern Bosnia , victims ' names were read out as coffins wrapped in green cloth were passed through the crowd .
Some 3,000 bodies of those killed at Srebrenica remain unidentified
" Although we were desperately searching for his remains for years , it was so hard to receive a telephone call telling us that my father had been identified , " Nurveta Guster , 27 , told AFP news agency .
" I saw him for the last time at our house in Srebrenica .
He left with other men through the woods trying to escape . "
Fugitive general Srebrenica was attacked by Bosnian Serb forces on 11 July 1995 , virtually ignoring Dutch UN troops who were stationed by the town , which had been designated a UN " safe haven " .
The troops , operating under a restrictive UN mandate allowed Bosnian Serb forces into the town .
Relatives of those killed have brought unsuccessful claims against the government of the Netherlands in an effort to claim compensation .
Speaking at the latest burial ceremony , Charles English , US Ambassador Bosnia - Hercegovina , said : " The world failed to act , failed to protect the innocent of Srebrenica . "
Ranging in age from 14 to 72 , most of latest victims to be buried were found in secondary mass graves where they had been moved from initial burial sites in a bid by Serb troops to cover up war crimes .
Bosnian Serb leaders deny that Srebrenica was an act of genocide The International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , has ruled that the Srebrenica massacre was an act of genocide .
Former Bosnian Serb political leader Radovan Karadzic is currently on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia on genocide charges .
He was arrested in 2008 , but denies his guilt .
Gen Ratko Mladic , who led the Bosnian Serb troops involved in the killings , remains in hiding .
It is thought he may be in Serbia .
Serbian President Boris Tadic has said his country is doing all it can to track him down and send him to The Hague .
The Bosniak people - most of them Muslims - are descended from Bosnian Slavs who adopted Islam under Ottoman Turkish rule in the Middle Ages .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US Vice - President Joe Biden has said Israel must back a two - state solution to the conflict with the Palestinians .
Mr Biden also called for an end to Jewish settlement - building - one of the Palestinians ' key demands .
Israel 's recently - elected right - wing government has so far resisted calls to publicly support Palestinian statehood .
Mr Biden 's remarks came hours before Israeli President Shimon Peres and US President Barack Obama were due to hold talks in the US capital .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is expected to meet President Obama later this month .
Obama 's pledge
Addressing the main US Israel lobby , the American - Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) , Mr Biden said Israel must take concrete measures .
Palestinians say there is no hope for reviving talks until settlement building stops
" Israel has to work toward a two - state solution .
You 're not going to like my saying this but not build more settlements , dismantle existing outposts and allow Palestinians freedom of movement . "
Mr Biden also said Palestinian militants must halt violent attacks against Israel and release immediately Gilad Shalit - an Israeli soldier seized in a cross - border raid into Israel from the Gaza Strip in 2006 .
On Monday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told Aipac that he was willing to resume peace talks with the Palestinians without any delay or preconditions .
Speaking by a satellite link - up , he said political talks should be part of a " fresh " triple - track approach also covering economic and security issues .
However , he made no mention of a Palestinian state as part of a peace settlement .
The Obama administration has made clear its commitment to pursuing a two - state solution " vigorously " .
BEIJING
–Trying to work out what on earth happened Sunday night in Urumqi , where the government says that at least 140 people died in a riot , is proving about as hard as getting an interview with President Hu Jintao .
The key question is : Who died ?
Muslim Uighur demonstrators , cut down by the police , as Uighur exile groups claim ?
Or innocent Han Chinese bystanders , butchered by a mob of Uighurs , as the government - owned media are making out ?
Getting any Uighurs in Urumqi to talk on Monday was impossible .
Their Internet access had been cut off , most of their phones , too , and those whom foreign journalists reached were too terrified of the government to say anything .
Xinjiang , an allegedly autonomous region , is the hardest place I have ever worked .
The atmosphere of repression is Stalinist .
For a week last year I tried to gauge ordinary people ’s feelings there about the authorities .
Not one person I spoke to would give his real name , and most whom I approached wanted nothing to do with me .
They knew I was being watched by the Chinese secret police , and they knew they would get into trouble for talking to a foreign reporter .
Frankly , I did not call any Uighurs anywhere in China on Monday , for fear of the repercussions they would face for even getting a call from me .
But what was really astonishing was the reluctance of Chinese scholars to say anything about why they thought the riot had broken out .
Perhaps because they did not want to diverge from the party line , perhaps because they did not yet know what the party line was , none of the local Xinjiang experts whom I called Monday would talk to me .
One simply hung up when I announced who I was .
Another – a scholar of China ’s border territories – said that he was working only on Tibet , not on Xinjiang .
( When I called him last March to talk about Tibet , he told me that he had nothing to say because he was working only on Xinjiang …. )
A third , his wife said , had been unexpectedly detained at a conference out of town and was mysteriously unreachable on his cellphone .
So , faced with a sensitive political issue , defenseless Uighur men- in - the - street and well - placed Beijing intellectuals all found themselves in the same boat : voiceless .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Soaring unemployment and the housing bust are leaving consumers hard - pressed to make loan payments on everything from credit cards to cars .
A report released Tuesday by American Bankers Association showed that delinquencies on consumer debt rose to a record 3.23 % in the first quarter of 2009 , up slightly from the previous quarter .
The percentage of borrowers at least 30 days late paying a balance is the highest since the group began keeping records in 1974 .
The statistics are " a natural consequence of mounting job losses in a weakening economy , " ABA Chief Economist James Chessen said in a statement .
The economy is losing jobs by the thousands , and mass layoffs and pay cuts have exacerbated the credit crunch .
Banks have heightened lending standards because of default risk , providing less credit to consumers .
" The number one driver of delinquencies is job loss , " Chessen said .
" When people lose their jobs , they can't pay their bills .
Delinquencies wo n't improve until companies start hiring again . "
The overall ABA delinquency rate includes loans in eight categories : home equity , home improvement , indirect and direct auto , marine , RV , mobile home and personal .
That overall rate does not include bank credit cards , for which delinquencies also hit a record high -- rising to 4.75 % of all accounts , compared with 4.52 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Similarly , the balances on those late credit card accounts rose to 6.6 % of all outstanding bank card debt , marking another record high .
This could indicate that consumers are using bank cards to bridge temporary income loss , especially as falling housing prices continue to punish home equity , Chessen said .
A report last week showed that home prices continued tumbling in April , falling 18 % the previous year .
Tuesday 's ABA report said home equity loan delinquencies increased to 3.52 % from 3.03 % .
Outlook :
The ABA 's predictions for loan delinquencies were tied to the fate of the job market , which " is not likely to improve in the foreseeable future , " Chessen noted .
A report last week showed the economy shed a much - worse - than - expected 467,000 jobs in June -- the first time in four months that the number of jobs lost rose from the prior month .
The unemployment rate climbed to a fresh 26 - year high at 9.5 % .
Let ’s just say , hypothetically , that South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford had not gone missing to hike the Appalachian Trail in Argentina .
Let ’s say that he had gone missing after murdering his family .
Just hypothetically .
Do you think the media solicitations would have been all that different ?
Do you think Joseph Deoudes of Moonie Times Radio would n’t have sent this email to Sanford ’s staff ?
“ If you all want to speak on this publicly , you ’re welcome to Washington Times Radio .
You know that you will be on friendly ground here ! ”
What about WACH morning radio anchor Tim Miller ?
Would he have sent this email ?
“ The Governor can have the floor for 10 minutes and reach over a million people on the show tomorrow !!
I ’ve already have calls from others who want to bash . … I ’m not doing that ! ”
What about Griff Jenkins of Fox News ?
Would he have sent this email ?
“ Having known the Governor for years and even worked with him when he would host radio shows for me , I find the story and the media frenzy surrounding it to be absolutely ridiculous ! ”
What about Erick Erickson of Red State ?
Would he have sent this email ?
“ If he wants something more personal for the blog to push back , I ’m happy to help . ”
Now , with the possible exception of the WACH radio station , all these media outfits are completely in the bag for the Republican Party .
They hear that the Republican governor of South Carolina has disappeared to go hiking on the Appalachian Trail and their first instinct is to try to be of some assistance .
Maybe they ’re even more concerned about helping the GOP than they are with getting the big interview .
Who knows with these people ?
But what about an outfit like ABC News that has to compete with these slimeballs who are offering to give Sanford the kid gloves treatment ?
How are they supposed to convince the governor ’s staff to give them an interview over Fox News ?
Here ’s how :
ABC News White House reporter Jake Tapper e-mailed Sawyer twice on June 23 , both to note coverage of competitor NBC .
With a subject line of “ NBC spot was slimy , ” Tapper e-mailed Sawyer a “ Today ” show transcript of Sanford coverage , calling it “ insulting . ”
Later , Tapper forwarded Sawyer a Twitter post by “ Meet The Press ” host David Gregory .
Jeff Schneider , a vice president at ABC News , said Tapper was “ carrying some water for producers who knew he had a relationship with the governor ’s office . ”
Jake Tapper went after NBC for giving Sanford some skeptical coverage .
There is a clear implication that Sanford might expect more sympathetic coverage from ABC .
Tapper did n’t say so explicitly , and so he did n’t make an ethical gaffe on the level of the Moonie Times and Fox News .
But he has to compete with those operations .
Here ’s the point I want to make to Jake Tapper and David Gregory and Wolf Blitzer and Chris Matthews , and anyone else in the traditional media who strives for a level of objectivity .
One of the reasons you suck is because you have to bend your standards to compete with faux news organizations that are nothing more than fronts for the Republican Party .
A Republican governor could literally murder his family and he’d be getting promises of favorable treatment from those folks .
Think about it .
When you have to compete against them , you either stoop to their level and compromise your integrity , or you lose .
There are no newspapers or cable news outfits of comparable audience and influence on the left .
If someone on the left murders his family , he has to come to ABC or NBC or CNN .
That ’s the best they can do .
But on the right , they have their own major media outlets .
They can go on Rush Limbaugh or Greta Van Sustern or whatever , and they can get their side of the story out there .
This is why the liberal - bias of the media is a myth .
It ’s also why the traditional media sucks .
The answer is to expose Fox News and the Moonie Times for the front organizations that they are .
WASHINGTON  A new global survey has found a vast improvement in views of the United States since the election of President Obama .
But it also finds broad opposition to one of his crucial policies  sending more troops to Afghanistan  and confirms a drop in confidence in the United States among Israelis .
Mr. Obama , according to the survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project , enjoys greater confidence among Germans than does Chancellor Angela Merkel , and among the French than President Nicolas Sarkozy .
His election in itself , pollsters found , helped restore the United States ’ image abroad to levels unseen since the Clinton years .
Improved attitudes toward the United States were most marked in Western Europe , but also evident in Asia , Africa and Latin America and included some predominantly Muslim countries .
In Indonesia , where Mr. Obama spent part of his youth , 73 percent of those polled said his election had directly improved their opinion of the United States .
The Isle of Wight is an unlikely setting for an industrial rebellion .
It 's true Karl Marx was once a regular visitor , but the island 's a generally conservative place , better known for sailing than strikes .
That changed on Monday , when workers occupied Britain 's only major wind - turbine factory in protest at its imminent closure .
Tonight they were still there , barricaded in the Newport plant 's offices , surrounded by police and security guards , as hundreds of other workers and their supporters demonstrated outside .
Compared with British sit-ins of the past , or the mass confrontations over layoffs in South Korea this week – let alone the " bossnappings " and threats to blow up factory equipment that are now becoming common in France – the occupation at the plant in Newport might seem a tame affair .
Only a couple of dozen workers are actually inside the factory premises , and after an initial appearance by the riot police , there has so far been no physical confrontation .
But the symbolism of the dispute could hardly be clearer .
In the very week that the energy secretary Ed Miliband unveiled government plans for hundreds of thousands of new green jobs and a massive expansion of renewable energy , with wind power at its heart , production at the Vestas wind - turbine manufacturing plant ground to a halt .
The profitable Danish owner is moving the work to Colorado and closing both its British factories with the loss of more than 600 green jobs – citing " lack of demand " and opposition to onshore wind farms in the UK – while ministers appear powerless to act .
You could n't make it up and , not surprisingly , the workforce is demanding the government demonstrates its commitment to a green economy by taking over the plant and restarting production under new management .
As a statement yesterday from the occupying workers had it : " If the government can spend billions bailing out the banks – and even nationalise them – then surely they can do the same at Vestas . "
It 's not as if attempts to save Vestas can be passed off as throwing money at " sunset " or lame - duck industries .
The rapid expansion of low carbon industries is almost universally understood as indispensable to combating climate change and the economy of the future , with government plans to quadruple the number of wind turbines in the next decade effectively guaranteeing rapid market growth .
As Caroline Lucas , Green party leader , who is backing the occupation , put it yesterday : " If ministers are serious about delivering what 's been promised in the past seven days , why can't they offer loans or guarantees to Vestas to keep production going ? "
This is the latest in a series of British and Irish workplace occupations since the economic crisis bit and jobs began to haemorrhage in their hundreds of thousands .
At companies such as Waterford Crystal and the Ford car parts supplier Visteon , they have achieved significant results , saving jobs or winning better payoffs .
At Vestas , the twin cause of jobs and climate change has created a common front between green activists and trade unionists , who have at other times found themselves at loggerheads over coal , nuclear power or the car industry .
But Vestas is a precarious protest with a political mountain to climb .
The workers are defiantly proud of what they make .
But it 's a largely non-union plant with an anti-union management and a culture of bullying , according to staff .
Inside the factory , Vestas miller and radiographer Mark Smith told me yesterday that managers threatened to bring charges and sack anyone who continued the sit - in – with the potential loss of several thousand pounds in redundancy money .
Only two left .
Earlier a private security firm sealed the doors to the occupied offices , cut the phone land lines , and blocked food and drink being sent in by supporters .
Another occupying worker , Ian Terry , said they were expecting an eviction injunction , but would " resist without violence – we will stay until we 're carried out " .
There are a string of ways in which the government could keep the Isle of Wight plant in the wind turbine business , from the nationalisation demanded by the workforce to taking a stake on the back of new investment to levering in another company .
As Len McCluskey , frontrunner to be elected leader of Britain 's largest union Unite next year , argues : " Vestas is the clearest case for government intervention we could wish to see : 700 industrial jobs are being put at risk because of market failure in a sector the government is desperate to see expand .
The workers are fighting for our economic and environmental future as well as their jobs . "
In Scotland , a small turbine Vestas spinoff company was saved from collapse earlier this year by a Scottish government - backed takeover .
Whitehall insiders say the Vestas management was n't interested in cash support , blaming planning obstruction for the lack of a UK turbine market , and believe the government has already helped secure a Vestas offshore turbine R&D facility at the Isle of Wight site .
Miliband , who announced greater control of planning and the dysfunctional privatised energy markets last week to drive green growth , insists : " We do n't think the market on its own will deliver the low carbon jobs of the future we need . "
Which is putting it mildly .
If the closure of the Isle of Wight plant is confirmed , the green manufacturing jobs that ministers have enthused about will indeed be delivered – in Denmark and Germany .
For all the brave government talk of a new industrial activism , results are so far thin on the ground .
Now that a decade of reliance on the private sector has produced one of the lowest rates of renewable power generation in Europe , the need for direct public investment in a green industrial base – the commanding heights of the future – could not be more pressing .
But even as they inch in the right direction , ministers remain hobbled by New Labour 's market - first inheritance .
" We 're in the hands of the company " , as one puts it .
That 's exactly the problem .
When it comes to the global threat of environmental crisis , more than any other issue , private firms can not be in command .
Three years ago , the Stern report described climate change as " the greatest market failure the world has ever seen " .
Its challenge will not be overcome by private enterprise or the market , or even " ethical " individual responsibility , but by collective public action .
This is a nice refreshing drink made by the pitcher for long hot daze or for a crowd .
Tastes like lemonade , so watch yourself ;)
One great thing about this drink .... it 's half water so you keep yourself hydrated ... and very versitle with the citrus .
I 've made this with regular vodka and substituted the citrus , lemons , oranges , limes , very versable ... add simple syrup , if you like it sweeter .
it 's delicious both ways .
Enjoy --
V
AN ATHEIST’S GUIDE TO BECOMING RELIGIOUS
AN ATHEIST’S GUIDE TO BECOMING RELIGIOUS
by Troy Conrad
Lately , I ’ve had many atheists write to me , asking if now is a good time to become religious again .
It seems that the departure of the Bush Administration has awoken the vast majority of the atheist community to the simple fact that theocracy is no longer a threat here or abroad .
It is high time to embrace what we once called superstition , dust off that Bible lifted in protest from the Holiday Inn , and delve once more into the church , dear friends .
For some , a conversion or reconversion to reverence seems a daunting task .
As freethinkers , we ’ve gotten a bit rusty in the worship department .
When working out the faith muscle , we must start slowly so it does n’t get overtaxed .
Start out at the Joel Osteen level , before you consider going full Falwell .
If you ’re one of the 5 % still on the fence about taking this sacred surge , ponder the inarguable , massive benefit of taking the faith train to Godville .
Huge time savings .
Take into account how much time you spend thinking .
Now cut that in half .
Now cut that in half , and repeat until you reach zero , because you now have a handy - dandy book that makes your decisions for you .
As Ted Haggard said : “ We do n’t have to have a debate about what we should think about homosexuality .
It ’s written in the Bible . ”
Add up the time it would have taken you to mentally debate this , and use it to go golfing .
It is estimated that by eliminating thinking by 95 % , the average American would save 14 hours per week .
Based on the new U.S. minimum wage increase , that translates to $ 5,278 per American each year .
That ’s almost enough to purchase a Smart Car .
It should be quite clear that there has never been a better time to stop and smell the rosary .
Though there are obstacles ahead for the skeptical mind , here are some simple , tested guidelines to help you go from “ infidel ” to just plain “ fidel ” in just a few short weeks .
Make meaning out of small things , so that you can be trusted to make meaning out of large things .
Before you can calm your inquisitive mind and embrace the idea of a loving , caring , and jealous God , you ’ll need to start with baby steps .
Reading tea leaves and taking fortune cookies literally is a good start toward making meaning out of everyday situations .
Is a tearful image of God ’s only Son right there in your bag of Funyons ?
Has an outline of the savior shown up on your shower curtain ?
Did your lawnmower leak lubricant , only to leave a loving image of God ’s only Son on the garage floor ?
Course through all snack foods , pre-made burger patties , tortillas ( both corn and flour ) , breakfast flakes , nut mixes , or hastily topped frozen pizzas .
If the image of Christ or Mary appears , remind yourself that it is not simply coincidence .
Re-read The God Delusion with a more critical eye .
Maybe Richard Dawkins himself was sent to test your faith .
Have you considered that maybe the only reason Dawkins even writes books is because he thinks he ’s better than you ?
Develop your ability to follow orders .
For freethinkers who have not been in the military , you have a problem with obedience to authority .
This can be remedied by wearing a rubber band around your wrist .
Simply snap it against your flesh each time you become inquisitive .
Do this every day for 21 days , and obedience will become your second best friend .
The virtue of obedience will also prepare you quite well for the workforce should something open up .
Watch The Flintstones .
Seeing humans and dinosaurs co-exist again will help free the mind from any previous knowledge of anthropology , paleontology , or history .
Likewise , shows like Two and a Half Men will leave you with no compulsion to watch documentaries and other shows that contain information .
Be stingy with your new virginity .
Since virginity is restored when you become a Christian , do n’t just go and give it away now .
You need to save it for marriage or Senior Prom .
Post a pledge to Bristol Palin ’s abstinence organization , and join Promise Keepers right away to build a solid , iron - clad moral and ethical foundation .
Additionally , the purchase of a Smart Car is a great way to keep from losing your virginity in the backseat this time around .
Invent a new controversy .
If it ’s possible to revive a formerly settled debate such as creation vs. evolution , surely there are scores of other settled controversies to renew .
These new debates will bring more validity to your newfound belief system , and balance out all the science that ’s stuck in your head .
Next time you hear people arguing about abortion , say something like : “ Whoa !
This is almost as heated as the ‘ prayer vs. single payer health care ’ debate ! ”
Use the “ caps lock ” on your keyboard .
Many atheists are prone to using a lower case “ g ” when typing the word “ God . ”
This habit , left unchecked , is an embarrassing mistake for the newly anointed .
Using the caps lock is a foolproof solution , making it impossible to mess up a phrase such as : “ MAY GOD BLESS E. E. CUMMINGS . ”
White - out the violent parts of the Bible .
Let ’s be honest .
Any book that condones rape , murder , genocide , and incest can be a real bummer .
Just memorize the parts with the word “ love ” if you want to really make a difference .
Put “ under God ” back in the Pledge .
You may have loudly objected to the addition of those two words added to the Pledge of Allegiance during the McCarthy era .
Noble at the time , but you ’re a believer now .
Besides , why not prepare yourself for a visit to Ireland ?
They ’ve just passed a bold new Anti-blasphemy Law .
It would be rude and illegal to omit “ under God ” when saying the Pledge in the Emerald Isle .
Write down what you would like your City of Gold to look like .
You ’re going to get one when you die ( Revelation 21:18 ) , so sit down and design your city intelligently .
Gold is currently near an all - time high , so guess who just picked a great time to be a Christian ?
Purchase a firearm .
God loves you now , and you ’ve taken an oath to “ treat your body as a temple . ”
If someone is loitering near your temple , you better have the stopping power to keep it looking good .
A .50 caliber Smith & Wesson will clear out anyone ’s temple .
Though Christianity is a religion of peace , there ’s a nugget of wisdom in the phrase : “ Kill ‘em all , and let God sort ‘ em out . ”
Try a night of gay sex .
If you end up liking it , you will meet more people to share your faith with .
If you end up disliking it , then your repentance and faith will just get stronger .
Either way , God wins .
( Note : Though it ’s our responsibility to vote against same - sex marriage , same sex - one - night - hookups are not specifically forbidden by name in the Book of Leviticus . )
It is my hope that these steps to religiosity can help spark a return to the peacefulness of the Middle Ages .
I am currently compiling some tips for nonbelievers with a background in Islam , so that they , too , can enjoy the massive benefits of a religious society .
So , my fellow former - faithless friends …
I am glad that we can all be a part of this new “ beginning of faith ” together , and I look forward to seeing you all at the Sunday meetups .
I ’ll be the guy in the Smart Car .
Troy Conrad is a comic , writer , and filmmaker living in Los Angeles .
He is the creator of The Comedy Jesus Show , which toured internationally , and has just received distribution on DVD .
He is featured in the upcoming Paul Provenza book “ Satiristas ” with Janeane Garafalo , Stephen Colbert , and George Carlin .
To see videos from The Comedy Jesus Show , go to www.atheistcomedy.com or subscribe to “ comedyjesus ” on Youtube .
Many people are going into business for themselves .
For some , this is the only way to get a job and
Read more
Traditionally , antibiotics were obtained from natural compounds , however ; medical science has developed synthetic forms of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones , which are neither natural nor obtained from natural compounds .
Antibiotics are a category of drugs that changed the world and saved countless lives .
They are medically referred to as " antimicrobials , " which means they inhibit the growth of bacteria without causing significant damage to the person using them .
The food we eat can harm or heal us , and in the following article , we will discuss foods that act as natural antibiotics or antimicrobials — foods that inhibit the proliferation of harmful bacteria , in other words .
One of the biggest problems with understanding which foods offer antibiotic qualities is misinformation .
Many people walk away from researching and reading , feeling confused that they have not truly received accurate information .
The following information is designed to provide you with a better understanding of which foods offer the best antibiotic properties and what these foods can do for your body .
Foods That Contain Natural Antibiotic Qualities and Properties
The following article provides a list of foods that contain natural antibiotic qualities .
This text also features accurate information relating to what these foods offer to a person health wise .
Garlic
Garlic is a natural antibiotic that has been used since ancient times .
Garlic in the diet helps reduce cholesterol , triglycerides and blood pressure , helps thin the blood , and acts as an expectorant and decongestant .
In the past , garlic was used for its antimicrobial properties .
In World War I , garlic was used to treat typhus and dysentery , and during World War II it was used to ward off sepsis ( blood poisoning ) .
Modern research has shown that garlic has great antibiotic properties , as well as having other health benefits .
Japanese , Russian , English and American scientists have conducted extensive research which shows a diet which contains larger amounts of garlic reduces the risk of stroke , hypertension , tumors , and certain forms of cancer and can help with treatment of the common cold . [ 1 ]
Onions
A close relative of garlic , onions have also been shown to have excellent antibiotic properties with a history of usage dating back to ancient Rome .
Onion comes with an extensive list of beneficial medicinal properties — onions are a herbal analgesic with an anti-inflammatory substance that increases circulation and alleviates angina .
Onions are traditionally used in the treatment of the common cold and flu , and for people who have a persistent cough . [ 2 ]
Honey
Honey has long been used as a traditional topical treatment for wound infections and has shown to be effective against certain antibiotic - resistant bacterial strains .
Honey has been demonstrated to have a broad range of antimicrobial action against a broad range of both fungi and bacteria .
Further research is ongoing to determine further all the healthful benefits of honey ’s antibiotic properties , and honey is once again being used in the treatment of wounds in some hospital settings , as well .
Manuka honey , from New Zealand , is said to be especially beneficial . [ 3 ]
Australian Tea Tree Oil
This amazing oil comes from a small , fragrant evergreen tree and you 'll find it in health food stores .
Its substance can be applied topically to treat fingernail fungus , slow healing wounds , active acne , and sores . [ 4 ]
While tea tree oil has been proven to have antibacterial properties , it is also rather potent — so it is best to dilute it with clean water .
Fruit That Contains Vitamin C
Fruits high in vitamin C are widely recommended for everyone , because they can help stave off or eliminate certain infectious bacteria .
Vitamin C is essential for growth and development and serves the function of skin repair .
Vitamin C is critical in wound healing , it strengthens your immune system and increases your body ’s ability to resist infection . [ 5 ]
Studied first in the 1930s by Dr. Fred Klenner at the University of North Carolina , the antibiotic action of vitamin C was shown to help patients heal from snake bites , viral and bacterial infections .
Fruits rich in vitamin C include kiwi , strawberries , oranges , pineapple , honeydew melon , mangoes , plums , and watermelon .
Vegetables Rich In Vitamin C
Due to the high vitamin C content of some vegetables , the following foods can serve as a natural antibiotic as well ; cabbage , kale , Brussels sprouts , cauliflower , broccoli , asparagus , tomatoes , and spinach . [ 5 ]
Fermented Foods
We prepare fermented foods with microorganisms , mainly bacteria .
Therefore , fermented foods can also be considered as a form of natural antibiotics because they reintroduce larger quantities of friendly bacteria into the body .
These foods are often recommended in conjunction with traditional antibiotic treatment because , while antibiotics treat the underlying disease and kill the bacteria , a person will less likely develop a secondary side effect such as diarrhea due to the decrease of normal bacterial body flora . [ 6 ]
Examples would include anything from sauerkraut or kimchi to kefir .
Eucalyptus
Eucalyptus is used as a powerful decongestant and has a very fresh , easy - to - recognize odor .
Eucalyptus is a natural antiseptic which kills certain fungi , bacteria , and viruses .
It can be steeped and made into an herbal tea . [ 7 ]
Raw Apple Cider Vinegar ( ACV )
The far - reaching benefits of daily doses of apple cider vinegar ( ACV ) include antibiotic and antiseptic properties , naturally alkalizing your system , and aiding you in everything from managing your weight to lowering cholesterol and your risk of cancer .
Apple cider vinegar can also be used topically to disinfect and sterilize small cuts or scrapes . [ 8 ]
Goldenseal
Goldenseal is a powerful and potent immune system stimulant .
Medical research has shown that Goldenseal blocks streptococcus bacteria from colonizing within the human body .
Native American peoples have also used goldenseal in the treatment of particular types of fungal and protozoa infections . [ 9 ]
READ The Most Powerful Natural Antibiotics
Herbs That Contain Natural Antibiotic Qualities / Properties
The University of Colorado has also uncovered certain herbs which exhibit traits and qualities that mimic antibiotic actions in the human body , which include the following [ 9 ] :
Allspice
Oregano
Thyme
Cumin
Cinnamon
Tarragon
Cloves
Bay leaf
Chili peppers
Rosemary
Marjoram
Caraway seed
Coriander
Dill
Basil
Nutmeg
Cardamom
Pepper
Ginger
Anise
Fennel
Mint Sage
Mustard
Parsley
Basil
Coriander
Overview
Various scientific studies have shown that certain foods we eat have characteristics and qualities which act as a natural antibiotic in our bodies .
Natural antibiotic qualities exhibited by certain foods are a subject that requires more extensive research to be completely understood .
Before you decide to substitute foods with natural antibiotic properties for standard prescription antibiotics , we recommend that you consult with your physician to obtain additional medical advice and to determine the best course of treatment for your particular medical condition .
Foods that act as natural antibiotics are also likely to be generally healthy , in which case they will not do any harm , but sometimes you simply need prescription antibiotics to nurse yourself back to health .
In that case , probiotics , which help boost the healthy and " friendly " bacteria in your body , will be an excellent natural companion .
The Frame of Mind of American Economic Policymakers , Part I
I seldom become depressed , but when I consider that prosperity is created by “ peace , easy taxes and a tolerable administration of justice ” I really think that the U.S. and other Western governments are doing their very best to impoverish their countries .
A friend of mine , Michael Berry , whose missives I always read , could not have phrased this better than in “ Importance of the Individual ” , a recent report in which he quotes Milton Friedman ( whose views I fully share in this particular instance ) in an interview with Phil Donohue
According to Berry , “ On February 11 , 1979 Milton Friedman took 2 - 1/2 minutes to explain the critical importance of the individual and choice in the free enterprise system to a doubting Phil Donohue .
I wonder what Dr. Friedman would say 30 years later about our current predicament and the role government is assuming in our lives ?
The individual ’s freedom and ability to choose and take risks to create value are , of course , all important life elements and a cornerstone of our country .
“ Individual ability to choose and take risk is being suppressed .
It is increasingly evident that it is the government that is defining risk and the taking of risk .
The sanctity of Moral Hazard has now been repeatedly breached by both recent administrations .
We must guard these life elements jealously .
Please take time to ponder the Friedman interview .
“ Unfortunately in the current partisan atmosphere in Washington the role of the individual and that of individual risk taking is being suppressed .
When the President of the United States uses the ‘ Bully Pulpit ’ to criticize institutions for not ‘ playing ball ’ ( Chrysler debt holders ) and forces a CEO to resign ( GM ’s Wagoner ) , when a Treasury Secretary and Chairman of the President ’s Economic Council team up to run an auto company ( General Motors ) , and when no institution is too large to fail ( the other side of individual risk taking ) something is seriously amiss .
Under the guise of saving the economy , there is a not so stealthy encroachment on the rights of the individual .
No one is noticing .
“ This is not , ‘ Change We Can Believe In . ’
It is ‘ change we must be wary of . ’
Where is Milton Friedman when we really need him ?
Think carefully about the following interview which was conducted 30 years ago .
Another read of Friedman ’s ‘ Free to Choose ’ is in order for all .
We pray that Washington will not stray too far . ”
Phil Donohue :
When you see around the globe the mal distribution of wealth , the desperate plight of millions of people in underdeveloped countries .
When you see so few haves and so many have - nots .
When you see the greed and the concentration of power .
Did you ever have a moment of doubt about capitalism ?
And whether greed is a good idea to run on ?
Milton Friedman :
Well first of all tell me , is there some society you know that does n’t run on greed ?
You think Russia does n’t run on greed ?
You think China does n’t run on greed ?
What is greed ?
Of course none of us are greedy .
It ’s only the other fella that ’s greedy .
The world runs on individuals pursuing their separate interests .
The greatest achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus .
Einstein did n’t construct his theory under order from a bureaucrat .
Henry Ford did n’t revolutionize the automobile industry that way .
In the only cases in which the masses have escaped from the kind of grinding poverty that you are talking about , the only cases in recorded history are where they have had capitalism and largely free trade .
If you want to know where the masses are worst off , it ’s exactly in the kind of societies that depart from that .
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear , there is no alternative way , so far discovered , of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system .
Phil Donohue : Seems to reward not virtue as much as the ability to manipulate the system .
Milton Friedman :
And what does reward virtue ?
You think the Communist commissar rewards virtue ?
You think a Hitler rewards virtue ?
Do you think …
American presidents reward virtue ?
Do they choose their appointees on the basis of the virtue of the people appointed or on the basis of political clout ?
Is it really true that political self - interest is nobler somehow than economic self - interest ?
You know I think you are taking a lot of things for granted .
And just tell me where in the world you find these angels that are going to organize society for us ?
Well , I do n’t even trust you to do that .
Well , for sure you wo n’t find any angels at central banks around the world and in the economics faculties of universities .
I needed quite a stiff drink after reading a Wall Street Journal article by Harvard Professor Gregory Mankiw , who advocates creating negative real interest rates through inflation and seems to have great sympathy for the outright expropriation of savers .
Professor Mankiw needs no introduction .
His great intellect was revealed on February 1 , 2000 , dead ahead of the NASDAQ collapse , when he expressed the view in the Wall Street Journal that “ when you look at the mistakes of the 1920s and 1930s , they were clearly amateurish .
It is hard to imagine that happening again – we understand the business cycle much better . ”
The mindset of the US Federal Reserve and of a very large number of economists is perfectly reflected in the views of Mankiw , according to whom , “ It May be Time for the Fed to Go Negative ” ( see Wall Street Journal of April 19 , 2009 ) .
For the ease of the reader I have added some comments , which will be noted in italics and with a ‘ MF ’ .
Mankiw :
With unemployment rising and the financial system in shambles , it ’s hard not to feel negative about the economy right now .
The answer to our problems , however , could well be more negativity .
But I ’m not talking about attitude .
I ’m talking about numbers [ MF : He means negative interest rates ] …
What is the best way for an economy to escape a recession ?
Until recently , most economists relied on monetary policy .
Recessions result from an insufficient demand for goods and services – and so , the thinking goes , our central bank can remedy this deficiency by cutting interest rates .
Lower interest rates encourage households and businesses to borrow and spend .
More spending means more demand for goods and services , which leads to greater employment for workers to meet that demand .
There is no clear evidence that interest rate cuts stimulate lasting employment gains , because “ lower interest rates encourage households and businesses to borrow and spend . ”
If an industry is plagued by overcapacities ( the oil and mining industry in the 1980s and 1990s ) , lower interest rates ( interest rates fell throughout the 1980s and 1990s ) are irrelevant .
( The same applies for autos now . )
In addition , interest rate cuts that encourage households to borrow and spend may not help employment in the country that implements such policies ( the US after 2001 ) but instead in another country ( China ) , where production costs are lower and where a large pool of savings is available for capital spending .
( Also , it is not consumption that creates prosperity but capital formation . )
To his credit , Mankiw recognizes this problem .
He writes :
Mankiw :
The problem today , it seems , is that the Federal Reserve has done just about as much interest rate cutting as it can .
Its target for the federal funds rate is about zero , so it has turned to other tools , such as buying longer - term debt securities , to get the economy going again .
But the efficacy of those tools is uncertain , and there are risks associated with them …
So why should n’t the Fed just keep cutting interest rates ?
Why not lower the target interest rate to , say , negative 3 % ?
At that interest rate , you could borrow and spend $ 100 and repay $ 97 next year .
This opportunity would surely generate more borrowing and aggregate demand .
The problem with negative interest rates , however , is quickly apparent : nobody would lend on those terms .
Rather than giving your money to a borrower who promises a negative return , it would be better to stick the cash in your mattress .
Because holding money promises a return of exactly zero , lenders cannot offer less .
Unless , that is , we figure out a way to make holding money less attractive .
At one of my recent Harvard seminars , a graduate student proposed a clever scheme to do exactly that .
Imagine that the Fed were to announce that , a year from today , it would pick a digit from zero to 9 out of a hat .
All currency with a serial number ending in that digit would no longer be legal tender .
Suddenly , the expected return to holding currency would become negative 10 % .
That move would free the Fed to cut interest rates below zero .
People would be delighted to lend money at negative 3 % , since losing 3 % is better than losing 10 % .
Of course , some people might decide that at those rates , they would rather spend the money – for example , by buying a new car .
But because expanding aggregate demand is precisely the goal of the interest rate cut , such an incentive is n’t a flaw – it ’s a benefit .
[ MF : I think that most people would choose to invest in another country where savings would n’t lose 3 % per year . ]
The idea of making money earn a negative return is not entirely new .
In the late 19th century , the German economist Silvio Gesell argued for a tax on holding money .
He was concerned that during times of financial stress , people hoard money rather than lend it .
John Maynard Keynes approvingly cited the idea of a carrying tax on money .
With banks now holding substantial excess reserves , Gesell ’s concern about cash hoarding suddenly seems very modern .
Silvio Gesell ( 1862 –1930 ) was a rather obscure economist , but a cult formed around his more outlandish socialist and land nationalization ideas .
He was the author of Die Reformation des Münzwesens als Brücke zum Sozialen Staat ( The Reformation of the Monetary System as a Bridge to a Social State – read “ socialism ” ) .
In fact , I had forgotten about him until Mankiw brought him up , but I remember well how my history teacher in high school – who also had a socialist tick , but was an outstanding historian – discussed him at length in the context of socialism and land reforms through expropriation .
( Right throughout the course of history , this has never worked .
Also , Gesell ’s tax on cash had more to do with soaking the rich than stimulating consumption . )
In 1919 , Gesell was called to take part in the Bavarian Soviet Republic by Ernest Niekisch .
The Republic offered him a seat on the Socialisation Commission and later appointed him as the People ’s Representative for Finances .
Fortunately ( for the world ) , his term of office lasted only seven days .
After the bloody end of the Soviet Republic , Gesell was held in detention for several months and was later acquitted of treason .
Unfortunately , he never had the opportunity to read George Orwell ’s Animal Farm – published in 1945 – which refuted most of his arguments for a “ social state ” .
Regards ,
Dr. Marc Faber
for The Daily Reckoning
Omg , I ’ve watched the order … .
I mean my life is over ..
Our hard drive test platform has served admirably for more than four and a half years now .
We first started using the system in early 2005 , a time that seems oh - so long ago .
Back then , bundles of garbage sub - prime mortgages were sought - after AAA securities , my inbox was flooded with spam pimping herbal Viagra rather than Acai Berry , and I ’d never heard of Heidi Montag or Spencer Pratt .
Those were the days .
Among PC enthusiasts , a gigabyte was still considered to be quite a lot of system memory .
Windows was arguably in a better place with XP , albeit at only 32 bits .
We at least had 64 - bit CPUs , but only solitary cores Athlon 64s and , shudder , Prescott Pentium 4s .
The GPUs of the day were DirectX 9 parts with discrete pixel and vertex shaders , and not very many of either .
We ’ve come a long way in four and a half years .
During that time , our venerable test rig has seen no fewer than 70 different storage solutions run its gauntlet .
It ’s punished everything from 10 k - RPM Raptors to exotic solid - state drives to 2.5 ″ mobile hard drives at three different spindle speeds .
And , of course , it ’s chewed through a cornucopia of 3.5 ″ desktop drives .
As Windows 7 approaches and a new SATA 6 Gbps standard looms on the horizon , the time has come to put our trusty storage test platform out to pasture .
However , before I tear the system down and retire its components to the dusty stacks of old hardware boxes from whence they came , it ’s only fitting that we look back on nearly five years of storage performance data .
Much has happened in the hard drive world since 2005 .
Old - school “ parallel ” ATA has all but been wiped from our collective consciousness by Serial ATA , banishing bulky ribbon cables from our systems .
Mechanical hard drives have switched from longitudinal to perpendicular recording , enabling substantial increases in areal density and overall drive capacity .
Hard drives have become smarter , too , adopting command queuing schemes previously reserved for high - end SCSI gear .
Oh , and we ’ve witnessed the birth of an entirely new class of solid - state storage solutions that represent perhaps the first real paradigm shift in the industry .
To explore how these factors have shaped hard drive performance , we ’ve squeezed several years worth of test data into some seriously frightening graphs .
Join us as we take a trip down memory lane to see just how far PC storage has come .
Our testing methods
Our test rig ’s hardware may look antiquated by today ’s standards , but its Intel ICH7R storage controller is n’t all that different from what you get in the latest ICH10R today .
Both conform to the second - generation “ SATA II ” 3 Gbps Serial ATA specification , offering support for Native Command Queuing and 300 MB /s host - to - disk transfer rates .
The next - gen 6 Gbps Serial ATA specification was n’t completed until this year , and it ’s not expected to make it to motherboards until the fall .
Even with only a Pentium 4 Extreme Edition onboard , this test system still has plenty of horsepower for the storage - intensive tests we use to probe hard drives for weakness .
However , we should note that because Windows XP was optimized for mechanical storage , it ’s not an ideal OS for some of the solid - state drives .
Our goal here is n’t to look at the fine details of each drive ’s performance , but to observe overall trends that should be unaffected by oddball outliers .
Besides , we ’ve already addressed SSD performance in Windows Vista .
Oh , and rather than testing SSDs in factory - fresh form , we first put them into a simulated used state devoid of empty flash pages .
We think this better represents long - term SSD performance .
Speaking of oddballs , a few of the configs we ’ve tested over the years are far removed from what we ’d consider practical solutions for even high - end desktop use .
Neither of the DRAM - based solid - state drives we ’ve used Gigabyte ’s i-RAM and ACard ’s ANS - 9010 offer enough storage capacity for even just an OS and applications drive .
Our four - way Intel X25 - E Extreme RAID 0 array , running on an Adaptec RAID 5405 card rather than the ICH7R , also costs about as much as small cara Tata Nano , but still .
These outlandish configs may not be reasonable for desktop use , but they do give us an idea of what the exotic reaches of the storage spectrum have to offer .
Getting all this test data consolidated and graphed in a single Excel spreadsheet proved to be a major undertaking .
And that was before I tried distill the data down to a reasonable number of readable graphs .
With 70 results for nearly every test , readability goes out the window pretty quickly .
In an attempt to make things easier to interpret , we ’ve segmented drives into 3.5 ″ , 2.5 ″ , 10 k - RPM , and SSD categories and color - coded the results accordingly .
Before we get started , I should also note that you wo n’t find boot time , noise level , or power consumption results in this retrospective .
Over the last few years , we ’ve switched up our test methods for each slightly , so we ca n’t compare all our results directly .
You ’ll find that a couple of drive configurations are missing from the iPEAK results , as well .
We did n’t introduce iPEAK to the test suite until August of 2005 .
Oh , and the i-RAM does n’t appear in our game level load tests or in WorldBench because its 4GB capacity was n’t big enough to accommodate the necessary files .
One last time , here are the finer details of our test system .
Processor Pentium 4 Extreme Edition 3.4GHz
System bus 800MHz ( 200MHz quad- pumped ) Motherboard Asus P5WD2 Premium Bios revision 0422 North bridge Intel 955X MCH South bridge Intel ICH7R Chipset drivers Chipset 7.2.1.1003
AHCI / RAID 5.1.0.1022 Memory size 1GB ( 2 DIMMs ) Memory type Micron DDR2 SDRAM at 533MHz CAS latency ( CL ) 3 RAS to CAS delay ( tRCD ) 3 RAS precharge ( tRP ) 3 Cycle time ( tRAS ) 8 Audio codec ALC882D Graphics Radeon X700 Pro 256MB with CATALYST 5.7 drivers Hard drives ACard ANS - 9010
ACard ANS - 9010 RAID 0
Corsair P256
Fujitsu MHV2040AT
Gigabyte i-RAM
Hitachi Deskstar 7K1000
Hitachi Deskstar 7K500
Hitachi Deskstar E7K1000
Hitachi Deskstar T7K250
Hitachi Travelstar 5K100
Hitachi Travelstar 5K500 . B
Hitachi Travelstar 7K100
Intel X25 - E Extreme
4 x Intel X25 - E in RAID 0
Intel X25-M
Maxtor DiamondMax 10
Maxtor DiamondMax 11
OCZ Apex
OCZ SATA II
OCZ Vertex
Samsung FlashSSD
Samsung PB22 -J
Samsung Spinpoint F1
Samsung Spinpoint M7
Samsung Spinpoint T
Seagate Barracuda 7200.10
Seagate Barracuda 7200.11
Seagate Barracuda 7200.11 1.5TB
Seagate Barracuda 7200.12
Seagate Barracuda 7200.7 NCQ
Seagate Barracuda 7200.8
Seagate Barracuda 7200.9 160GB
Seagate Barracuda 7200.9 500GB
Seagate Barracuda ES
Seagate Barracuda ES.2
Seagate Momentus 5400.2
Seagate Momentus 5400.3
Seagate Momentus 5400.4
Seagate Momentus 5400.6
Seagate Momentus 7200.1 PATA
Seagate Momentus 7200.1 SATA
Seagate Momentus 7200.3
Seagate Momentus 7200.4
Super Talent IDE
Flash
Super Talent MasterDrive MX
Super Talent SATA25
Super Talent UltraDrive ME
Transcend TS32GSSD25S-M
WD Caviar Black
WD Caviar GP
WD Caviar Green
WD Caviar Green 2TB
WD Caviar SE16 250GB
WD Caviar SE16 500GB
WD Caviar SE16 640GB
WD Caviar SE16 750GB
WD Caviar RE2 400GB
WD Caviar RE2 500GB
WD Raptor WD1500ADFD
WD Raptor WD360GD
WD Raptor WD740GD
WD Raptor X
WD RE2
WD RE2-GP
WD RE3
WD Scorpio Black
WD Scorpio Blue 320GB
WD Scorpio Blue 500GB
WD Scorpio WD1200VE
WD VelociRaptor VR150 OS Windows XP Professional OS updates Service Pack 2
Thanks to NCIX for getting us the Deskstar 7K1000 and SpinPoint F1 .
Our test system was powered by an OCZ PowerStream power supply unit .
We used the following versions of our test applications :
The test systems ’
Windows desktop was set at 1280 × 1024 in 32 - bit color at an 85 Hz screen refresh rate .
Vertical refresh sync ( vsync ) was disabled for all tests .
All the tests and methods we employed are publicly available and reproducible .
If you have questions about our methods , hit our forums to talk with us about them .
Storage capacity
Performance testing is our bread and butter , but it ’s far from the only element to the storage equation .
Capacity counts for a lot , and that ’s where we ’ve seen some of the biggest gains over the years .
The anemic capacity of early SSDs skews the above graph some , but if you just pay attention to the yellow bars , it ’s clear that the storage capacity of mechanical hard drives has grown by leaps and bounds .
Back when we started using this test system , the biggest hard drive in the market weighed in at 250GB .
Today , that ’s half the capacity of just one of a 2TB Caviar Green ’s four platters .
An eightfold increase in 3.5 ″ storage capacity in less than five years is quite an achievement .
The capacity of 2.5 ″ notebook drives has grown , too , from a maximum of just 100 GB to a half - terabyte today .
I have a soft spot for Western Digital ’s 10 k - RPM Raptors , and it ’s worth noting that these drives have jumped in capacity from just 37GB at launch to 300GB with the latest VelociRaptor .
What makes this nearly order - of - magnitude increase so impressive is the fact that the new VelociRaptor is a 2.5 ″ drive ( although not thin enough to fit in most notebooks ) while the rest of the Raptor family are of the much larger 3.5 ″ variety .
SSDs may be the new hotness , but storage capacity remains their greatest challenge .
256GB is a long , long way from 2TB .
And that ’s before considering the cost per gigabyte .
Of course , solid - state drives have other strengths .
WorldBench
WorldBench uses scripting to step through a series of tasks in common Windows applications .
Only a handful of these applications benefit from even the fastest storage solutions available today , so we ’ve left out the individual results to focus on WorldBench ’s overall score .
Although it does n’t quite make up for their lesser capacities , the best of the latest crop of SSDs dominates the top end of our WorldBench rankings .
Coincidentally , some earlier solid - state drives also register the lowest scores of the bunch .
Clearly , flash - based storage has come a long way .
Conversely , the WorldBench performance of 3.5 ″ desktop drives has only improved by about 7 % .
The 10k - RPM Raptors do n’t do much to set themselves apart , either .
That ’s perhaps to be expected , given that few WorldBench tests truly tax the storage subsystem .
We see a greater performance spread among the 2.5 ″ mobile drives , but remember we ’re dealing with three spindle speeds here .
The Fujitsu MHV2040AT is our lone 4,200 - RPM model , with the rest split between 5,400 and 7,200 RPM .
Level load times
Our stopwatch testing for game level load times might seem a little crude , but it ’s delivered consistent , repeatable results for years .
SSDs have the upper hand in our load time tests , with virtually all of them bunching at the front of the field .
No doubt their near - instantaneous access times have much to do with their strong performance here .
2.5 ″ mechanical drives pull the same trick at the back of the pack , turning in slower load times than just about all of the 3.5 ″ models we tested .
Western Digital ’s Scorpio Black is a notable exception , though .
The 10k - RPM Raptors do n’t offer much in the way of added performance here .
Sure , they ’re a little quicker than most of their 3.5 ″ counterparts , but not by the sort of margins one might expect given the difference in spindle speed .
Then again , mechanical drive spindle speeds , which largely determine seek times , have been largely static for years .
File Copy Test
Our FC - Tests results normally span a total of 20 graphs .
With 70 results each , that simply would n’t do , so we did some pruning .
First , we dropped the partition copy results , which rarely deviated from those of the standard copy tests .
We also consolidated individual results for each of FC - Test ’s five test patterns into a single average file creation , read , and copy speed for each drive .
For the first time , our ridiculous four - way X25 - E array makes its presence known and in dramatic fashion , no less .
The top five finishers here are all SSDs , although interestingly , none are based on multi - level cell flash memory .
MLC flash ca n’t write as quickly as single - level cell flash or the DRAM memory used by the i-RAM and ANS - 9010 , slowing file creation performance dramatically .
As evidenced by the smattering of green across the spectrum , older and even some current SSDs still struggle to keep up with mechanical hard drives when it comes time to write batches of files .
In the land of spinning platters , the middle of the pack is awash in the golden glow of a mob of 3.5 ″ drives .
File creation speeds have just about doubled here over the last four and a half years .
They still have a long way to go to catch the X25 - E , though .
Performance has more than doubled among the 2.5 ″ drives in the field , too , although the presence of a lone 4,200 - RPM drive might magnify one ’s impression of the changes .
There ’s still quite a gap between the fastest mechanical 2.5 ″ and 3.5 ″ drives , though .
The differences in transfer rates draw tighter when we switch to read tests .
The X25 - E RAID config is n’t as dominant , but SSDs as a whole fare much better here than in the file creation tests .
Most are faster than the best mechanical drives around , Raptors included .
Once again the fastest Raptor is no faster than the quickest 3.5 ″ desktop drive in a sustained transfer rate test .
That ’s never been the Raptor ’s strength , though .
The higher areal density offered by 3.5 ″ desktop drives is usually enough to overcome their spindle speed disadvantage in sequential transfer rate tests .
The copy tests combine reading and writing , and based on the shape and color distribution of the graph , it ’s the latter that influences performance more than the former .
iPEAK multitasking
The iPEAK Storage Performance Toolkit is itself more than a decade old , but I ’ve yet to see its ability to record and play back I/O requests duplicated by a more recent application .
Being able to record I/O activity in Windows allowed us to create a suite of disk - intensive multitasking workloads based on real tasks , such as creating compressed files , importing email into Outlook , and loading video into VirtualDub .
The results below are an average of the mean service times of each drive across all nine of our custom workloads .
Even if you discount the exotic DRAM - based SSDs and the X25 - E RAID array , there ’s still quite a range of performance here .
SSDs claim the top ten spots , easily edging out the fastest 3.5 ″ drives and the VelociRaptor .
Of course , not all solid - state drives excel in our iPEAK tests .
There ’s plenty of green sprinkled through the rest of the pack .
The 2.5 ″ drives fare the worst here , dropping to the back of the pack where , really , you ’d expect them to be .
For the most part , notebook drives are much slower than desktop models .
There are a few exceptions , however .
A couple of Seagate ’s 7,200 - RPM Momentus models are a heck of a lot quicker than a good number of 3.5 ″ drives and even a few recent SSDs .
As we ’ve seen throughout , our collection of desktop drives largely makes up the middle pf the pack .
Most of the drives we ’ve tested are of the 3.5 ″ variety , and we have older examples there than we do in the other categories .
IOMeter
IOMeter ’s ability to hammer drives with up to 256 concurrent I/O requests nicely simulates demanding multi-user environments .
We normally present IOMeter data for multiple load levels between 1 and 256 outstanding I / Os , but we have simply too much data to make such a graph viable here .
Instead , we ’re going to concentrate on peak IOMeter performance , which is simply the maximum transaction rate recorded during our scaling test .
The near - instantaneous seek times offered by solid - state storage solutions are a perfect match for the random nature of our IOMeter access patterns .
Indeed , the SSDs are so overwhelmingly quick that our mechanical drive results are reduced to mere slivers on the graphs above .
That says a lot about how dramatically solid - state drives can improve performance when faced with the right workloads .
These are easily the most impressive performances we ’ve seen to date .
You ’ll notice that web server results look a little different from the others .
Unlike the other access patterns , which are made up of a mix of read and write requests , the web server pattern is all reads perfect for avoiding the slower write speeds associated with MLC - based flash drives .
Obviously , we ca n’t make much of our mechanical hard drive scores with the SSDs hogging the limelight .
Let ’s set them aside for a moment and take a fresh look at how things stack up .
Score one for spindle speed .
Wait , make that four .
Higher rotational speeds enable lower access times , and that helps a lot in IOMeter , allowing the Raptors to surge to the front of the field .
The VelociRaptor really is miles ahead of the next - closest mechanical drive tested .
What ’s more impressive , however , is how the older Raptors fare against today ’s best 7,200 - RPM desktop drives .
Even the ancient WD360GD , which lacks the command queuing support that could make a big difference under this kind of load , offers higher transaction rates than the vast majority of modern desktop units .
IOMeter serves up all sorts of interesting subplots , such as the tendency of Western Digital drives to offer higher peak transaction rates than their competitors .
One particularly shocking result : the brand - spanking - new Seagate Barracuda 7200.12 has a lower max transaction rate than five previous generations of Barracudas with three of four access patterns .
The latest Barracuda even gets beaten by a bunch of notebook drives , whose typically slower access times put them at a distinct disadvantage in IOMeter .
Kudos to the Scorpio Black for proving that some notebook drives can take the heat , though .
Whatever secret sauce Western Digital has mixed into its 3.5 ″ formula appears to work for 2.5 ″ drives , too .
HD Tach
HD Tach falls firmly within the realm of synthetic benchmarks , and its transfer rate tests nicely illustrate the peak sustained throughput of each drive .
SSDs come out on top again , and by substantial margins even if you ignore the outlandish RAID and DRAM - based solutions .
Many of today ’s solid - state drives can sustain read rates that are double those of the fastest available mechanical drives on the market .
The sequential transfer rates of mechanical hard drives have improved steadily over the years , but the jump from one drive to the next has been incremental .
SSD transfer rates have risen at a considerably more rapid pace .
It ’s interesting to see the Raptors spread throughout the field here .
Traditionally , these 10k - RPM drives have been the fastest of their times .
However , in peak transfer rate tests like these , substantially higher areal densities allow 7,200 - RPM desktop drives to be more competitive than one might expect given their slower spindle speeds .
Speaking of slower spindle speeds , our collection of 2.5 ″ drives has a tough time keeping up .
Mechanical hard drives have the highest sequential transfer rates on the outer edges of their platters , and 2.5 ″ discs have a lot less outer edge area than 3.5 ″ ones .
Still , a smattering of blue has crept up into the middle of the pack .
Over the last few years , both 2.5 ″ and 3.5 ″ mechanical hard drives have managed to double their sustained transfer rates at the same spindle speed .
Rising areal densities have helped on this front , but so has the fact that drive makers are packing more platters into each drive .
More platters means more outer edge area to exploit .
Our RAID configs have an unfair advantage here by virtue of their use of multiple Serial ATA connections .
Otherwise , performance in HD
Tach ’s burst speed test appears to be gated by the practical throughput of the 300 MB/s SATA interface .
262MB/s is as fast as we ’ve seen from a single device , with most managing over 200MB/s .
There ’s a second tier of sorts starting at around 137MB /s .
Here we find drives designed for the older 150 MB /s Serial ATA specification .
A bunch of our 2.5 ″ drives are also IDE models with interfaces capped at 100MB/s .
Perhaps better than any other set of results in this retrospective , our collection of HD Tach random access times clearly illustrates the seek time advantage that solid - state drives have over their mechanical counterparts .
Raptors aside , even the quickest mechanical drives are a full two orders of magnitude slower than the SSDs here .
SSDs do n’t have to deal with the mechanical or rotational latency inherent to traditional hard drive designs .
They do n’t have to move a physical drive head , and they do n’t have to wait for data points to come spinning ’ round on a platter .
Increasing spindle speeds is one way to lessen the impact of latency , and as the 10k - RPM Raptors illustrate , doing so can greatly improve random access times .
With only the Raptors exceeding 7,200 RPM , we have n’t seen random access times fall all that much for standard desktop drives .
In fact , the old Barracuda 7200.7 and Deskstar 7K500 still have among the quickest access times we ’ve measured for mechanical drives .
The higher precision required to quickly seek out data on drive platters with ever - increasing areal densities is a challenge for newer models .
Some have risen to it , while others have stumbled .
The new Barracuda 7200 .12 ’s 17 - millisecond access time is particularly disappointing
The access times of mobile hard drives are predictably higher than those of their desktop counterparts .
The slower spindle speeds of the 5,400 and 4,200 - RPM drives do n’t help , but even the 7,200 - RPM models lag a few milliseconds behind their 3.5 ″ brethren .
The last known Alabama sturgeon is an even lonelier fish , Mobile's
Press -Register
reports .
A U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service official told the newspaper reseachers lost contact last month with the last known specimen of the fish .
The battery in an implanted tag went dead preventing researchers from tracking the fish further .
They had followed it for two years and learned much , but never if any more of the fish survive , according to the newspaper .
If more sturgeon survive , a new federal " critical habitat " plan for the fish , which took effect July 2 , may offer an improved chance to thrive .
Our Story
Honolulu in the 1920s and 1930s was an amalgam of cultures — Hawaiians , Japanese , Chinese , Puerto Ricans , Caucasians , Filipinos and Portuguese .
Under the shadow of Diamond Head , a mile from Waikiki Beach , a small neighborhood had regular “ block parties ” where the “ ohana ” ( Hawaiian for families ) would come together and share food , fellowship , and fun .
William A. “ Bill ” Kanakanui , who sometimes hosted music sing - a- longs at his home , was a regular contributor to the block parties .
His special recipe for teriyaki sauce , handed down from his father , was a popular choice for marinating steak , chicken , and ribs .
When cooked on a grill , the sauce would caramelize and provide a distinct smoky , yet sweet , flavor – “ ono ono ! ” ( Hawaiian for absolutely delicious )
Bill ’s youngest son , Richard , took the recipe with him as he made his way to the Naval Academy in Annapolis , MD .
Later , as he courted a girl in West Virginia , Richard introduced the recipe to his future in - laws and extended family .
When asked if the West Virginians thought the sauce was “ exotic , ” Richard replied , “ No , they just thought it was good ! ”
There were four Kanakanui children born to Richard and his wife , Judy .
Photographs from the early 60s show the children enjoying teriyaki spareribs as prepared by their father .
As the children grew up and created their own lives from California to West Virginia and North Carolina , they all impressed their friends with this special family teriyaki recipe .
Spareribs in Los Angeles , steaks in West Virginia , chicken and ribs in North Carolina — and one of the constant comments was , “ Wow , this sauce is great — why do n’t you bottle it ?
I could drink it straight from the bottle ! ”
In fact , some family members bottled the teriyaki as gifts during the holidays for friends and colleagues for many years .
“ Let me know if you ever sell this and I ’ll be your first customer , ” was a common refrain from the lucky recipients .
Finally , with the Kanakanui children on board , and with the blessings of dad Richard , Truly Hawaiian was launched in late 2008 .
' Experts ' stir controversy over social studies textbooks
And be careful about erasing folks like Henry Cisneros from those history books just because of some distant indiscretion , Mary Helen Berlanga , D - Corpus Christi , warned .
One expert reviewer appointed by the board has recommended that Cisneros be yanked from the history books because the former San Antonio mayor and Clinton Cabinet secretary created legal troubles for himself in the 1990s by not fully disclosing support payments he had made to a one - time mistress .
“ No one is perfect .
To delete someone who is of Hispanic descent because of some issue that somebody has with him is not fair — unless they 're going to put everybody on that same chopping block , ” Berlanga said .
If Cisneros goes , so should Thomas Jefferson , she added .
Jefferson , one of the founding fathers , had children with one of his slaves .
The board will spend coming months deciding new social studies curriculum standards for 4.7 million Texas public school children .
About 75 teachers , principals , social studies coordinators , college professors , retired teachers and ordinary citizens are developing the new curriculum standards .
The so - called “ writing teams ” are taking guidance from six expert reviewers appointed by the board .
The group 's first draft is expected to be finished before the board 's September meeting .
Public hearings will follow before the board acts next spring .
But some of the expert recommendations are already stirring controversy , suggesting for example that biographies of George Washington , Abraham Lincoln and Stephen F. Austin should not be included in books for early grade - school children .
And some of the experts want to emphasize the role of the Bible and the Christian faith in the settling of the original colonies .
National spotlight
The suggestions also are attracting the attention of the national media , which lampooned Texas earlier this year when the board struggled with the teaching of evolution in public schools .
In an article earlier this week , the Wall Street Journal noted that two of the expert reviewers appointed by the socially conservative state board members have strong Christian perspectives .
David Barton is founder of WallBuilders , which pushes America 's Christian heritage .
Another expert reviewer is the Rev. Peter Marshall , a Christian minister who preaches that Watergate , the Vietnam War and Hurricane Katrina were God 's judgments on the nation 's sexual immorality .
No factionalism
Board members said Thurs­day they are optimistic they will avoid repeating the rankling that brought attention to the debate over new science curriculum standards .
“ I do n't see at all that we will divide into factions , ” said new board Chairwoman Gail Lowe , R - Lampasas .
Bob Craig , R - Lubbock , said of the task : “ It 's very difficult .
It 's very emotional .
I hope we would keep it factual . ”
Emphasizing the nation 's Biblical principles remains a hotly debated topic , but religion influenced the founding fathers , who declared in their independence from Great Britain that all people were “ endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights , ” said Don McLeroy , R- College Station .
Mavis Knight , D - Dallas , said it was important for school history books to chronicle the historical contributions by minority groups .
“ Everything is not lovey - dovey in the founding of our country , ” Knight said .
“ If you do n't have a look at the ugly side balanced against the positive side , you have kind of rewritten history . ”
gscharrer@express-news.net
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Defeated Iranian presidential candidate Mirhossein Mousavi said on Wednesday the new government of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was “ illegitimate , ” in a statement posted on his website .
“ It is our historical responsibility to continue our protests and not to abandon our efforts to preserve the nation ’s rights , ” he said , two days after Iran ’s top legislative body confirmed Ahmadinejad ’s election victory .
Mousavi , who has repeatedly said the June 12 vote was rigged , said he would join a planned association of leading figures which would follow up people ’s rights and “ ignored votes ” in the election .
Its demands would include “ halting security and military confrontation with the election , returning the country to a natural political atmosphere , reforming the election law to prevent vote rigging , securing freedom of holding rallies and freedom of press , ” the statement said .
Mousavi also called on the authorities to release detained “ children of the revolution , ” in reference to scores of leading reformists arrested since the disputed poll , and said he could not compromise regarding people ’s rights .
He called for a lifting of a ban on some moderate newspapers and websites .
The authorities reject opposition charges of vote rigging .
In JavaScript , there is a beautiful , elegant , highly expressive language that is buried under a steaming pile of good intentions and blunders .
The best nature of JavaScript is so effectively hidden that for many years the prevailing opinion of JS was that it was an unsightly , incompetent toy .
p2
I disliked JavaScript until I read some of Douglas Crockford ’s articles arguing that it is the world ’s most misunderstood programming language .
I pieced together a vision of a nice language burdened by misfeatures and poor implementations .
In JavaScript : The Good Parts , Crockford fully realizes that vision in a dense , enjoyable book .
If you find yourself writing in JavaScript and not enjoying it , you need to stop and read this book .
( Or even if you ’ve just wondered why Steve Yegge obliquely goes on about it . )
The book feels a bit like Kernighan and Ritchie in that it tersely defines the language and lets the reader work through the implications .
I especially appreciate that Crockford assumes a competent reader and rewards patient and thoughtful reading rather than bulking up on exposition and screenshots .
It ’s very uncommon in modern writing .
The book opens by defining the syntax of JavaScript with a series of railroad diagrams that are far more enjoyable and readable than BNF :
Next it defines objects and functions and derives useful patterns for working in JavaScript .
The Module pattern he gives on p41 “ … can eliminate the use of global variables .
It promotes information hiding and other good design practices . ”
It ’s a nice piece of code to deal with a personal pet peeve .
After the sections on recursion , scope , closures , currying , and memoization I was surprised not to see a section on the Y combinator , which allows creating recursive anonymous functions .
There ’s a blog post with a nice derivation , but it seems oddly absent from the book .
More glaringly missing , though , is code to copy JavaScript objects and arrays .
On p22 he writes “ Objects are passed around by reference .
They are never copied . ” and a code comment on p64 explains how some code avoids a related bug , but Crockford never talks about how to create shallow or deep copies of objects and arrays .
It is flatly bizarre to see the topic raised and warned about without any giving a solution to an interesting and common JavaScript problem .
( I personally use jQuery. extend . )
After dealing with objects and functions , Crockford combines them to talk about JavaScript ’s unusual prototypical inheritance , then moves on to a nice explanation of working with arrays and regexps .
After talking about the standard library and giving style notes , there are a couple nice appendicies explaining what he left out and why and presenting JSLint for automated detection of common pitfalls .
There are a few odd notes like an imprecation against continue ( indeed , none of his code tries to “ fail fast ” ) that feels like it must be based on old scars inflicted by manual memory management in C / C ++.
The only really puzzling oddity was in the chapter surveying the standard types .
He gives JavaScript reimplementations of Array ’s pop , push , shift , splice , and unshift methods ( but not concat , join , reverse , slice , or sort ) for no discernable reason other than a mention on p98 that he ’d wanted to write a self - parser in JavaScript for a chapter he contributed to another book .
I do n’t think too much about these few oddities , though , it takes a certain amount of chutzpah to distill a beautiful language from a clunky , heavily - abused language and it ’s harmless to see that manifest a bit of quirky style .
Mostly I spent my time reading , pondering , and tinkering with the example code .
There are some great examples for creating objects and working with the prototypical inheritance , and the array sorting code ( p80 ) is an especially inspiring bit of useful code .
The only serious negative of the book is the incessant and distracting typos .
There are countless small code layout issues , bad line breaks in comments ( p39 ) , weird indentation ( p40 ) , added line breaks in code ( p41 ) , occasional camelCase .
There are also a few typos in the code segments that will cause weird exceptions or , worse , silent failures .
If the book did n’t have so damn much useful content I ’d suggest waiting for a third printing to correct these errors ( I read the Sept 2008 printing , look for a [ 9/08 ] or later in the lower - right corner of the copyright page ) .
The poor copyediting is compounded by O’Reilly ’s awful errata page ; you ca n’t filter by printing and it includes many duplicates , making for a frustrating slog through clutter to track down why a particular sample does n’t run .
In spite of the flaws , I strongly recommend JavaScript : The Good Parts to anyone who regularly works with JavaScript .
If it seems that I ’m not making a good case for it , it ’s because the power of the book is the enrichment gained from working through its examples and the negatives are easy to diagnose and explain .
Read it .
You ’ll gain a new perspective of the language and refresh your toolbox with new techniques .
Most importantly , you ’ll stop being annoyed at writing JavaScript .
Bruce Kania built his large home atop a bluff with an expansive view of the Yellowstone River , which flows past on its 670 - mile journey from Yellowstone National Park to its confluence with the Missouri River .
Mr. Kania moved here a decade ago to enjoy the natural setting .
But he soon began to worry about the surface water draining into the Yellowstone .
Kania ’s black dog went for a swim one day in a pond on his property , and the dog came out of the water covered in slime .
“ You could smell him from 50 feet away , ” Kania said .
The experienced inventor got to thinking about water quality .
Irrigation ditches divert clean water from the Yellowstone .
The ditches feed pastures and fields , and what is left drains back into the river .
Beef cattle roam the land .
In the nearby town of Shepherd , a giant feedlot produced tons of manure every day .
Where some saw pollution , Kania saw nutrients .
“ It became apparent that this represented a terrific opportunity for somebody , ” he said .
“ What can be done with those nutrients ? ”
The answer is floating bio-islands .
In his college days , Kania had been a fishing guide in northern Wisconsin .
There , he saw giant natural floating islands that had grown over generations , big enough to support trees .
These areas had huge muskellunge , prized sport fish , and Kania thought the islands were one reason .
They scrubbed the water clean and provided the forage that grew big fish .
In Montana , Kania decided to produce man-made floating islands that could do the same .
They ’re constructed of layers of mesh and insulating foam .
The mesh feels like the rough side of a sponge :
The bigger islands are buoyant enough to hold people .
Most are at least 25 square feet , and the least expensive costs around $ 600 .
They ’re topped with soil and seeds and then launched in lakes and ponds .
The islands act like magnets for microbes , and the seeds sprout into vegetation that pulls nitrogen , phosphorus , and other nutrients that cause slime from the surrounding water , cleaning it and allowing aquatic life to flourish .
Kania shows off pictures of giant perch that his employees have caught in test ponds on his property .
The perch ’s bellies were full of snails , which Kania thinks consume the vegetation growing from the islands , which he calls “ floating supermarkets . ”
Kania , a tall , bearded man who moved to Montana in 1976 , has turned his invention into a business called Floating Islands International .
He has about a half - dozen employees and is now licensing the islands to companies that will make them full time .
That leaves time for Kania to get back to inventing .
“ Our license holders do the hard work of manufacturing , ” he says .
“ We do the fun work of invention . ”
The mesh for the islands is made from recycled plastic bottles and comes in wide black rolls .
Each island consists of several layers , which are stacked before a worker shoots expanding foam between the layers .
When the foam dries , the layers are locked together .
Holes are cut into the mesh and filled with plants .
Grasses and flowers grow above the water , while their roots grow down through the mesh and into the water .
Insects and minnows hide and forage in the roots underneath the islands , and bigger fish are attracted to the smaller fish .
The islands expand over time .
The floating islands allow water to circulate , and they provide surface area for nutrient - hungry microbes , which form a film that is loosely connected to the islands .
As the plants use more nitrogen and phosphorus to grow , there is less available in the water for algae blooms , which give off an unpleasant odor and form a suffocating shadow on top of the water .
“ We ’re taking a big enough bite out of the nutrient load that we ’re not getting algae , ” says Damien Austin , Kania ’s staff biologist .
Evidence is mounting that the islands can remove ammonia , heavy metals , and other chemicals from the water , too .
They act as a sponge on a wet countertop :
Water is drawn in , and the bad stuff sticks .
“ It looks like a good idea , and I ’m kind of surprised no one else has thought of this before , at least in a marketable way , ” says Joe Gathman , a biology professor at the University of Wisconsin at River Falls .
“ Ideally , problems like [ excess nutrients ] should be stopped at their source :
Mop it up before it gets into the lake .
But these islands could be helpful little mops , ” he says .
The main office for Floating Islands International is just a few feet from Kania ’s house .
A shop and laboratory are a mile down a dirt road .
Twice a week , Kania and his staff – which includes his wife , Anne – meet for lunch at the Feedlot Steakhouse outside Shepherd .
They talk floating islands , from buoyancy calculations to which type of soil works best .
Floating islands are being used from downtown Chicago to Singapore .
In Billings , Mont. , a city of 100,000 , city engineers are using floating islands to filter storm water .
The local zoo uses an island in its otter habitat and no longer has to chemically treat the water , says Tim Mulholland , an engineer and one of eight license - holders who build the islands .
Kania ’s licensees recently built a 22,000 - square - foot island for the US Army Corps of Engineers , which launched it in a lake in Oregon .
The island provides habitat for the Caspian tern .
The shore birds are being relocated away from the Columbia River estuary , where they eat 5 million salmon fry a year .
“ It ’s floating great , ” says Kitia Chambers , an Army Corps engineer .
“ We ’ll definitely monitor this one , and if all goes well , we ’d like to use this design again . ”
Ideally , the licenses will fund other inventions .
Kania is planning to launch an island this summer with a wind turbine on it , and he ’s trying shredded carpet in the islands .
“ We ’re not a marketing company , and we ’re not a manufacturing company , ” he says .
“ My job as CEO is to maintain the perspective of an inventor . ”
The superrich secretly detest the group - house yuppies .
Families with long claims on ancestral farmsteads privately sneer at hedge - fund nouveaux riches perched in seaside mausoleums .
Members of the private clubs at the top of the local social pyramid turn up their noses at the socially unfavored .
And the hard - core surfers , who not only brave the rocky right break at Camp Hero in Montauk but also do it in winter , openly disdain the ankle - leashed newbies who turn up each July at Ditch Plains , noses slathered in zinc - oxide , unblemished boards tucked beneath their arms .
It ’s not exactly news that clothes denote status , but in beachside communities , where even corporate raiders and United States senators slope around in flip - flops and board shorts , the signs of inclusion among local elites are more challenging to convey .
And , while there is no formalized uniform to identify which group one belongs to , a lot can be read in an item that upon a time was worn as underclothes .
I am talking about T - shirts , of course , like the one from Ditch Witch in Montauk , sold in one place only : a car adjacent to the Ditch Witch food truck , which Lili Adams has operated for the last 15 years in parking lot No. 2 of the famous surf beach at Ditch Plains .
Unlike the generic tourist fare sold along Main Street , sewn in Sri Lanka but blaring MONTAUK , the Ditch Witch T - shirt goes to no particular effort to suggest where or what the Ditch Witch is .
Like the Black Dog T - shirt that stood as an insider ’s symbol of Martha ’s Vineyard until Bill Clinton was photographed wearing one while running ( thus propelling the shirt ’s silhouetted Labrador logo into the pop cultural mainstream and locals ’ own T - shirts into Goodwill bins ) , Ditch Witch T - shirts telegraph pure insider status to those in the know .
En La Paz , llama a alcaldes de ciudades iberoamericanas a construir sociedades más justas
Tenemos la obligación de repensar , diseñar y alcanzar el destino de nuestras ciudades , señala
Agradece el apoyo expresado al Distrito Federal durante la alerta sanitaria por la influenza
Riot police stormed a man 's 30th birthday barbecue for 15 guests because it was advertised as an " all - night " party on Facebook .
Four police cars , a riot van , and a force helicopter were dispatched to a privately - owned field in a small village near Sowton , Devon in the UK on Saturday , ordering the party shut down or everyone would be arrested .
Andrew Poole , a coach driver from Sowton , said his birthday barbecue was busted up before they even had a chance to plug the music in , reports the BBC .
" What effectively the police did was come in and stop 15 people eating burgers , " Poole said .
The event was shuttered under section 63 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 , which grants police powers to remove persons attending or preparing for a " rave " ( defined as playing amplified music " wholly or predominantly characterised by the emission of a succession of repetitive beats , " during the night ) .
Poole said it was about 4 pm when eight officers with camouflage pants and body armor jumped out of their vehicles and ordered everyone out about an hour into the party .
He claims his party was advertised on Facebook as an " all - night " affair in case his guests wanted to stay the night .
A police spokeswoman told the BBC the helicopter was deployed for less than 20 minutes , costing about £ 200 .
" The decision to close down a rave or illegal music festival is not taken lightly , " she said .
" On this occasion , we were extremely concerned how the event had been advertised on the internet as an all - night party and it was therefore necessary to take the appropriate steps . "
The spokeswoman added if the party had n't been stormed the officers , riot police and accompanying helicopter , " far more resources would have been used to police the event and there would have been considerable disruption to neighbouring properties . " ®
March 23 2020
Y FRIENDS .
Things in the world have gotten a lot stranger , and more disorienting and anxious since the last thing I posted here .
I hope you can work through this period as well as possible for yourselves and your friends and neighbors .
I am chugging along and acclimating to something like a new normal as much as I ’m able .
If you ’re looking for something to fill your indoors hours , I ’ve recently put up a download of almost every comic I ’ve ever made , here .
It ’s free or pay - what - you - want , and includes the vast majority of stuff on this website as individual image files , and some other things and previews of things not released online .
It ’s been an incredible privilege to me to be able to make stories that people connect with .
I am feeling very emotional about everything in this weird crystallizing moment .
love and solidarity , sincerely Evan .
Under questioning from Assistant District Attorney Leslie Gomez , the girl said that she was 9 when her mother told her that she had the power to lift a curse on the family by allowing Ayala to have oral sex with her .
I 'm not sure what the Chinese government is thinking , or whether certain parts of certain ministries and party apparatus have gotten completely out of control .
Until recently , it had seemed to me that the Chinese government was managing its censorship system with surprising success : censoring enough ( combined with strategic arrests ) to keep people from using the Internet to organize a successful nation - wide political opposition movement ; but at the same time allowing enough space for online discourse and citizen - muckraking that people have felt freer and more empowered than ever before , which actually seemed to work in favor of the central government 's legitimacy - despite being very bad news for corrupt local officials .
But this month , something shifted .
It 's unclear whether the shift is long - lasting or just temporary madness until the PRC's 60th anniversary on October 1st .
Most of China 's educated , largely apolitical , internet - connected urbanites have until now been generally willing to accept the political status quo - and with it a certain amount of censorship , thuggishness and injustice , political paranoia and occasional bizarreness - in exchange for overall social stability ( compared to any other time in living Chinese memory ) , economic growth , plus an impressive increase in China 's global power and status .
But whoever is driving the latest Internet crackdown and the accompanying moralistic propaganda drive may have done substantial damage to the government 's credibility .
June began with the expected tightening of Internet censorship around the 20th anniversary of the June 4th crackdown , including the temporary blocking of Twitter and various other websites .
That in itself was not a huge surprise .
It followed the usual logic of Chinese Internet censorship : tighten up the bottleneck between the Chinese Internet and the outside Internet during politically sensitive periods .
Chinese Internet users who tend to be concerned with politics know to expect this kind of thing .
However a simultaneous suspension in service for " technical maintenance " on many domestic websites impacted a much larger number of Chinese Internet users who do n't visit overseas - hosted news or social networking sites very much .
It would likely not have occurred to many million Internet users that June 4th was a politically sensitive date if China 's " net nanny " had n't made it so blatantly obvious , prompting many teenagers who were n't even born in 1989 to ask each other and their parents what happened on June 4th .
But that was June 4th .
People expect a certain amount of government paranoia around that time .
Little did we know , that was just the beginning of The Month The Censors Stopped Taking Their Medication .
The next week the government 's Green Dam censorware mandate became publicly known .
Authorities insist on implementing the mandate despite the fact that it does n't work as intended or advertised , is a security risk and has been subject to widespread domestic criticism ( by bloggers as well as state - controlled media and respected public figures like Caijing editor Hu Shuli ) .
Now the U.S. government warns it could be a violation of the WTO .
It seems the government is having trouble finding a face - saving way to climb down .
Rather than admit they made a mistake and work out a sensible solution with domestic and foreign industry , they have chosen instead to escalate in an increasingly irrational manner that serves only to increase Chinese Internet users ' scorn and irritation .
Last week the propaganda department turned it sights on Google China , and continues to blame Google for smut on the Internet .
Horror of horrors , when you type smutty words and phrases into the Google search box , you get smutty content coming back in your search results !
Many people including this blogger ( via Roland Soong ) and this blogger have pointed out that plenty of smut remains available via Google 's Chinese competitor Baidu .
How commercially convenient for Baidu ... though some bloggers point out that the whole fracas - aided by outrage and ridicule over a staged anti-Google interview on CCTV - is actually making Google more popular among netizens , who were already annoyed with the government for dispensing commercial favoritism on the makers of Green Dam .
So far this week we 've seen the temporary blocking of Google.com and related services hosted outside of China including GMail .
As if that was n't bad enough for one week , we 're now told that sexual health websites are a no - go for ordinary Internet users .
Meanwhile , the increased discussion of censorship all over the Chinese Internet is prompting China 's netizens to educate themselves about the various technical methods to " jump over " the " great firewall . "
There are no hard and fast statistics on how many people in China are now using proxy servers , Tor , Psiphon , Freegate / Dynaweb , or OpenDNS as compared to a month ago .
But based on the frequent mentions of these tools I 've been seeing every day on blogs , in Twitter , and on other social networking sites , it seems that the latest Net Nanny follies have helped raise awareness of circumvention tools to a whole new level .
If you plug the term 翻墙 ( which means " scale the wall " - the most common Chinese euphemism for censorship circumvention ) into Google 's search insights and restrict it to searches coming from China , you see a big spike in early June and a bigger spkie in the past few days ( click to enlarge ) :
Searches for Tor ( a nonprofit tool for anonymizing and circumvention ) are also substantially up this month , and Chinese - language searches originating in China for Freegate ( a tool developed and operated by a FLG - affiliated organization ) spiked dramatically over the weekend .
Aggravation is certainly mounting .
After finding Google.com and GMail blocked on Wednesday night Beijing time , Jeremy Goldkorn , who runs Danwei.org wrote a letter to China 's " net nanny , " in which he pointed out : " You are making Chinese people look like children on the world stage .
You are bringing shame to the People 's Republic of China , and the Chinese Communist Party . "
To protest the mounting ridiculousness , Ai Weiwei is calling for an Internet boycott on July 1st .
Others like lawyer - blogger Liu Xiaoyuan believe a boycott is not the best way to protest Internet restrictions .
He writes ( translated by Roland ) : " We have nothing against the Internet .
We should not boycott the Internet .
We should be using the Internet to promote democracy , rule of law , people 's livelihood and progressiveness . "
Roland suggests some other kind of protest that is more measurable , as the success or failure of an Internet boycott is very hard to measure .
Meanwhile a group of anonymous Chinese Netizens have issued an open letter , vowing to take collective action on July 1st .
It 's not clear exactly what they will do , other than to say : " we are going to acquaint your censorship machine with systematic sabotage and show you just how weak the claws of your censorship really are .
We are going to mark you as the First Enemy of the Internet . "
The following paragraph is particularly interesting .
They claim they 're not interested in overthrowing the government ; but the government is bringing on its own punishment for behaving in such a stupid manner :
NOBODY wants to topple your regime .
We take no interest whatsoever in your archaic view of state power and your stale ideological teachings .
You do not understand how your grand narrative dissipated in the face of Internetization .
You do not understand why appealing to statism and nationalism no longer works .
You cannot break free from your own ignorance of the Internet .
Your regime is not our enemy .
We are not affiliated in any way with any country or organization , and we are not waging this war on any country or organization , not even on you .
YOU are waging this war on yourself .
YOU are digging your own grave through corruption and antagonization .
We are not interested in you , destined for the sewage of history .
You cannot stop the Internetization of the human race .
In fact , we wo n't bat an eyelid even if you decide to sever the transpacific information cables in order to obtain the total control you wanted .
The harder you try to roll back history , the more you strain the already taut strings , and the more destructive their final release .
You are accelerating your own fall .
The sun of tomorrow does not shine on those who are fearing tomorrow itself .
June has been pretty wild .
I wonder what July has in store ...
Drunk of the Week Ronald McFondle
Kelly O
Since the Washington State Department of Licensing put the smackdown on Seattle 's ONLY hamburger - peddling , special - sauce - sharing , slightly perverted drunk - wrestling clown ( along with the rest of SSP — Seattle Semi-Pro Wrestling , a one - of - a - kind fight - cabaret show ) , Ronald McFondle has had to find other things to do .
Besides giving Shakes the Clown a run for his money on both alcohol consumption and French - mime avoidance , McFondle 's been hanging out with pro-wrestling legend Jake the Snake Roberts .
I can only hope Roberts gives McFondle some advice on how to slap a DDT on Seattle 's unfair sports - entertainment licensing .
SSP must rise again !
Ronald says , " He clotheslined me in Portland .
That shit was ALL REAL . "
Lots more photos from the Showbox Jim Rose vs. Jake the Snake show HERE , and check out THIS article about SSP in The Wall Street Journal .
Morgan Freeman had 10 - year affair with step - granddaughter
A family insider has revealed the real reasons behind Morgan Freeman ‘s divorce with his wife of 25 years : Hollywood actor Morgan Freeman apparently maintained an affair with his 27 - year - old step - granddaughter for approximately ten years .
The National Inquirer reports that Freeman was part of an extramarital relationship with E’Dena Hines , the granddaughter of Freeman ’s first wife , that started when Hines was still a teenager .
Freeman and his wife Myrna raised Hines since she was a child .
Myrna was aware of the relationship before , and confronted Freeman about it , with both parties agreeing to terms that Freeman will leave Hines alone .
Freeman and Hines , however , persisted with the relationship .
Reports have noted that Hines was Freeman ’s date to several events , including the premier of “ The Dark Knight “ .
Advertisements
Tonight on his MSNBC show Countdown , host Keith Olbermann dismantled former vice president Dick Cheney ’s speech in defense of the Bush administration ’s legacy on a point by point basis .
Olbermann said that the vice president has humiliated himself beyond dimension .
Check out the video .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Olbermann destroyed Cheney ’s entire argument .
I especially enjoyed the way he pointed out how Cheney has passed the buck for responsibility for the failed Bush policies .
Olbermann pointed out the loads of hypocrisy in Cheney ’s speech , such as the fact that the CIA interrogators are heroes while the soldiers at Abu Ghraib were vilified and thrown under the bus again today .
Then there is the hypocrisy of claiming that all the detainees are guilty and should not have legal rights , but that it is somehow wrong for the actions of the Bush administration to be questioned or investigated .
Olbermann told Cheney , “ You saved no one , sir .
If the classified documents you seek released really did detail plots other than those manufactured by drowning men in order to get it to stop , or if they truely did denote plans other than the laughable ones that you and President Bush revealed … if those documents contained anything of value , you would have leaked them already , as you leaked those revenge fantasies of the Library Tower , the JFK Bomber , and the Fort Dix Six . ”
Olbermann is correct .
If those memos contained anything that could validate the Bush / Cheney policies they would have been leaked long ago .
Even if they did contain information , can that intelligence be relied on if it was acquired though torture ?
The reality is that Cheney ’s speech was n’t about taking on the Obama administration ’s policies .
The point of Cheney ’s speech was to save the Bush legacy , while warding off a potential torture investigation .
We 've thoroughly read , and now plan to respond in detail to PZ Myers ' review of our book .
But first , some throat clearing .
It may seem odd for authors to respond so extensively to their critics .
In the olden days , such exchanges happened very slowly , if at all , through letters to the editor , and usually they were n't very long .
But this is the Internet age , and there are very different circumstances here : The People Want It .
Hordes of commenters are demanding that we respond to PZ .
PZ Asked For It .
Myers did not write a balanced review , an indifferent review , or even a negative review .
Rather , he misrepresented our book , got its arguments wrong , assaulted its authors ( " their hypocritical and ignorant paean to mealy - mouthedness " ) , and finally ended by concluding that our labor of over a year is " utterly useless . "
We may not be capable of objectivity judging our own work .
But we 're also receiving many supportive emails from people who like the book , are seeing it spark constructive dialogue about solutions on places like Chad Orzel 's blog or RealClimate.org , and are witnessing the careful weighing of its arguments ' strengths and weaknesses at places like Neurotopia .
How could a book that is prompting thought and dialogue be " utterly useless " ?
Myers may disagree with our book in many respects , but debate itself is useful , is it not ?
We Wrote a Contempt - Free Book .
Myers ' charges come from someone who is directly criticized in the book , and who admits that his opinion " is colored by the palpable contempt [ its authors ] hold for me . "
But there 's no " contempt " here -- just entirely fair criticism of Myers based on his freely chosen actions .
But we 'll get to that .
In answering Myers , we will proceed in 10 points , spread across 3 posts to control their length .
We will first summarize them here , and then elaborate in the next three posts until we 're done :
1. Getting Personal ?
Myers claims that our book contains " very direct and personal attacks on me and on Pharyngula , atheists in general , and anyone who fails to offer religion its proper modicum of respect . "
We do not agree that we have launched any personal attacks .
2 . Pluto .
Myers does n't appear to understand our argument here , as we will show .
3 . What the Book Actually Says .
Starting with Chapter 1 , Myers gives little if any sense of the book 's real contents and argument .
4 . Carl Sagan .
This is virtually the only thing Myers seems to agree with us on .
But he does n't grasp the nature of Sagan 's uniqueness , or why Richard Dawkins is no Carl Sagan .
5 . American Anti-Science .
Myers claims the book " entirely neglects the anti-scientific forces . "
This is false .
6 . Root Causes .
Myers claims the book " demands we avoid addressing the structural roots " of the problem of science in society .
That 's false .
7 . Science in the Entertainment Industry .
By taking a single sentence about Richard Dawkins vastly out of context , Myers misrepresents our chapter on this subject .
8 . Solutions .
Myers claims our book " offers no new solutions . "
This is false .
9 . Bigotry .
Myers flings this baseless , inflammatory charge at us .
10 . The Problem with PZ Myers .
Curiously , Myers does n't even address our criticisms of ... him .
But they 're serious and fair , and we will end by elaborating upon why , in the wake of the communion wafer desecration , we decided we had to speak out about them .
That 's how we 'll proceed , and we 'll begin with the first post in a few hours .
The entirety of what we 've written will carry over into tomorrow - - but never fear , it is already drafted , and you will see it all soon enough .
While we welcome comment here , we ask that you do not pre-judge our rebuttals on the points above until they have actually been posted .
The first post is now up and can be found here .
According to the complaint , the incident began when the bus arrived at the school and two employees boarded it in order to resolve a dispute in which the girls were not involved .
The employees " smelled what they thought was marijuana , " the complaint states , and five girls seated at the back of the bus , including Gaither and S.C. , were detained and searched .
…
During an interrogation that lasted the entire school day , and after being denied repeated requests to call their parents , the girls were required to " remove their shoes and socks , unbuckle their belts , unbutton their pants , and unzip their pants , " the complaint says .
They also had their " waistlines physically touched and searched " by a male employee while their pants were undone , and were made to " lift up their bras while their shirts remained on and jump up and down . "
The searches were all performed behind closed doors and without the presence of police offices or female staff , the suit says .
No marijuana was found .
[ Courthouse News ]
Following the Supreme Court 's recent decision that school officials violated the 4th Amendment when they strip - searched a 13 - year - old girl , another similar lawsuit has been filed and the story is equally sickening :
The whole thing is so perverse and disturbing , it really ought to be examined in criminal court as well as civil .
By the time a group of teenage girls was ordered lift their bras and hop up and down , it was n't just a drug search anymore .
This was something much sicker than that .
But you can thank decades of propaganda - fueled marijuana hysteria for creating the environment in which school officials think they can get away with stuff like this .
Rather , private insurers have costs that Medicare does n't have within the agency .
Private insurers bill .
Medicare does too , but the IRS has its own budget -- hell , its own courts -- which do n't show up on Medicare 's balance sheet .
Private insurers negotiate with suppliers .
Medicare does too , but most of the negotiation takes place between lobbyists and Congressmen who again , do not show up on Medicare 's balance sheet .
The Federal government has all sorts of these little items which relieve government agencies of reporting certain costs .
But the costs remain .
My guess would be that these explicit costs are still lower than Medicare's .
But then there are implicit costs to government fiat that markets do n't have .
As Tyler Cowen points out , taxation has deadweight losses , and Medicare is a tax on employment , which is something we are particularly anxious not to suppress right now .
The final point is that while people commonly think of administrative costs as " wasted " , in fact , they are an important part of the market system .
As Alex Tabarrok points out , and I have myself from time to time , many of the arguments in favor of national health care are literally socialist .
And no , I am not using that term to apply to " anyone who is in favor of redistribution " or " government programs " .
But consider the following common arguments :
National health care will be cheaper because we will reduce administrative overhead
National health care will reduce wasteful competition in the form of me - too drugs
National health care will reduce wasteful competition in the form of advertising and other marketing expenses
National health care will allow us to rationally distribute care to where it does the most good rather than the current messy , wasteful hodge - podge
National health care will use resources for production instead of profits
National health care will achieve economies of scale in purchasing and record - keeping
People will not overuse free goods because there are hard limits to desired consumption
These were all arguments advanced in favor of socialism .
Contrary to popular conservative belief , socialists were not unfamilier with either the incentive problems of communism ( people will not work hard if there 's no benefit to doing so ) or the Hayekian argument about the value of prices , aka the Socialist Calculation Problem .
Rather , smart socialists thought that they could overcome these problems with a combination of status competitions ( Hero of the Soviet Union , Second Class ) and massive efficiencies gained by wringing all that fragmented , wasteful competition out of the system .
Economists who would be ashamed to make these sorts of arguments about Proctor and Gamble or the used car market suddenly start parroting these things as if they had n't been thoroughly discredited by the last seventy years .
A policeman makes an arrest in Urumqi , in the far western region of Xinjiang , as authorities sought to maintain calm after deadly ethnic clashes .
Chlamydia is the most common sexually transmitted infection A urine test can diagnose the sexually transmitted infection chlamydia in men within an hour , enabling on - the - spot treatment .
Chlamydia is the most common STI , and doctors are concerned at high rates of transmission , particularly among younger people aged 16 - 24 .
The infection often produces no symptoms but , if left untreated , it can seriously damage fertility .
Rapid treatment would prevent it being passed to others unknowingly .
CHLAMYDIA
No symptoms in most cases in men and women Symptoms can include discharge or pain , possibly when passing urine Evidence that , left untreated , it may reduce male fertility , and leave women unfertile
In women it can also cause serious complications , such as pelvic inflammatory disease , chronic pelvic pain and ectopic pregnancy
In 2008 , young people accounted for two - thirds of all new standard chlamydia infections diagnosed in sexual health clinics .
In England , as many as 68 young men in every 1,000 and 84 young women in every 1,000 carry the infection .
Since the mid-1990s , the number of diagnosed infections has risen an average of 7,500 per year to over 123,000 .
Once diagnosed , chlamydia can be treated easily with a one - off antibiotic pill .
However , male tests have been relatively inaccurate and involved urethral swabs , which can cause discomfort .
Dr Helen Lee , from the University of Cambridge , who helped develop the new test , said : " Horror stories about painful swabs have put men off getting tested for chlamydia , and other non-invasive tests are expensive , technically complex and take days to obtain the result .
" This has led to many cases of infection in men going undiagnosed and being transmitted to their female partners , with potentially more serious complications . "
Collection device
The new Chlamydia Rapid
Test is designed to be used with a device for collecting urine from men called FirstBurst .
FirstBurst can collect six times the amount of chlamydia bacteria contained in a standard urine sample .
The test then uses a signal amplification system to boost its sensitivity , giving the results in less than an hour .
An evaluation , published in the British Medical Journal , found the test was significantly more accurate than existing urine - based rapid tests .
Samples from more than 1,200 men produced a diagnostic accuracy rate of 84.1 % .
Dr Lee said : " Without an effective and rapid testing programme for men , we are unlikely to succeed in efforts to control chlamydia infection .
" This new test is both accurate and swift , allowing men attending the clinics to be tested and treated on site in one visit . "
Dr Ted Bianco , of the Wellcome Trust , which funded development of the test , said : " Right now , our tests are too slow to permit on - the - spot treatment or too insensitive to detect an adequate proportion of cases .
" The new assay offers a way forward . "
It is hoped that the new test will also be of particular use in the developing world , where management of chlamydia in men is often based on self - diagnosis and specific diagnostic tests are rarely available .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Search teams recovered 51 bodies from the crash area
French investigators trying to find out why an Air France plane crashed in the Atlantic say they believe it broke up on contact with water , not in the air .
They also found that the plane 's speed sensors had been " a factor but not the cause " of the crash .
All 228 people on the plane were killed when it plunged into the ocean en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on 1 June .
Teams looking for the plane 's flight data recorders will continue operations for another 10 days .
Alain Bouillard , of France 's BEA accident investigation agency , said the crash had been an extremely difficult one to understand .
" Between the surface of the water and 35,000 ft [ 10,700 m ] , we do n't know what happened , " Mr Bouillard said .
" In the absence of the flight recorders , it is extremely difficult to draw conclusions . "
But he said an examination of the recovered wreckage led them to believe the plane probably hit the water " in the direction of flight and with a strong vertical acceleration " .
BBC transport correspondent Tom Symonds said if the plane had broken up in the air , pieces of the fuselage would have been found twisted in a variety of directions .
Instead they showed signs of compression in one direction , resulting from the plane hitting the water on its belly .
Life jackets found in the wreckage had not been inflated , indicating that the passengers had little warning of a water landing .
Many factors
There has been speculation that the old - style speed sensors may have given the plane 's pilots faulty information .
But Mr Bouillard said they had been " a factor but not the cause " of the crash .
In the wake of the crash , Air France accelerated an existing programme to replace speed monitors on its Airbus planes .
Mr Bouillard told reporters that investigators found " neither traces of fire nor traces of explosives . "
He said there was also concern about the length of the delay - six hours - between the crew failing to contact air traffic controllers in Dakar , western Africa , as planned and the alarm being raised .
He said his team was " a long way from establishing the causes of the accident " but that the search for the Airbus A330's data recorders would be extended to 10 July .
The French investigation appears to contradict earlier reports attributed to Brazilian pathologists .
They said last month that the injuries sustained by the passengers whose bodies had been found suggested the plane had been in pieces before it hit the sea .
Mr Bouillard said France had not yet been given access to those autopsy reports .
Search teams have recovered 51 bodies from the ocean but said last month that finding any more remains was " impossible " .
Custom holders need to be built , onto which the sensors and lasers are mounted .
There are two blocks needed , one to hold the range finder and phototransistors , and one to hold the laser pointers .
I started by measuring the distances between the strings , and the distance between the strings and the body of the guitar when they were still mounted .
I found that the strings were just under 2 cm apart , and about 1.6 mm off the body .
I rounded off those numbers to 2 cm apart , and about 1.8 cm off the body .
The sensors are mounted inside 1/ 4 " brass tubing , which happens to have the perfect inside diameter to fit a 5 mm LED - style phototransistor body .
The tubing helps prevent stray light from reaching the phototransistor , which is important because it is sensitive to the same wavelengths as the human eye .
I had to use this type of phototransistor because I used green lasers - typical phototransistors are not sensitive in the 550nm range which is what the green lasers produce .
I drew 1:1 scale patterns on graph paper to plan out how the blocks should be built .
On them I indicated the basic dimensions and where the holes should be drilled .
The blocks themselves are made of two layers of Baltic Birch plywood ( something I have on hand all the time these days ! ) , one 1/2 " and one 3/4 " .
I glued them together with carpenter 's glue , then pasted the patterns directly onto the wood .
The sensor block consists of four 1/ 4 " holes on one side , into which the brass tubes are fitted .
The fit is tight enough that no glue is needed .
The side of this block and the tubes themselves are cut off at a 45 degree angle , purely for aesthetic reasons .
The other side of the block is flat , and provides a place for the range sensor to be mounted .
A single hole is drilled below the range sensor for the wires to pass through .
On the underside of the sensor block , I drilled holes that would meet up with the brass tubes .
The phototransistors are inserted after the tubes are installed , and held in place with a dab of hot glue .
I stuffed some black electrician 's tape in around each phototransistor , to prevent light from leaking from one sensor to the other .
Two counter - sunk screw holes are drilled at opposite ends for mounting the block to the guitar .
The laser block is built in a similar way , with the laser pointers spaced to match the brass tubes ( 2 cm apart ) .
This block was a little harder to make .
The problem is the switches on the lasers - I was unable to get at the " guts " of the laser pointers , so I had to build the block to both hold the body of the laser pointer and push the button at the same time .
I did this by first drilling a smaller hole along which the button would slide , then a larger hole for the body of the laser .
The pointer slides in place and if you 're lucky , the button is pushed down due to tight tolerances .
This only happened for two of my lasers , so I had to add screws to push them down permanently .
Drill one 9/64 " access hole for each button in the bottom of the block ( measure carefully ! ) and screw in 8 - 32x1/4 " set screws to " push " the buttons .
Finally , drill three countersunk holes for the mounting screws .
Make sure you do n't drill holes where the lasers or wires will be !
As I mentioned before , I was unable to open the lasers without damaging them .
Instead , I unscrewed the barrel holding the batteries and soldered wires directly to the terminals .
Well , that 's half true .
I soldered the negative wire to the spring in the center , and used conductive silver epoxy to glue the positive wire to the case .
I wish there were a less expensive way to do this !
( Please let me know if you think of one . )
I terminated the wires in connectors , in the same way as the sensors and controls described earlier .
The lasers were a tight fit and I did n't need glue to hold them in , but by all means add a dab of epoxy or hot glue if you find that they do n't stay in on their own .
' Tis the season !
You want to enjoy the long warm days and evenings by spending time outside ( in the backyard , for example ) .
The only problem is , as soon as you get comfortable out there , the pests set in shortly thereafter to make your time outside as unbearable as can be .
Try these simple , safe , inexpensive homemade snares for all things creepy and crawly .
( See also : Use Beer to Get Rid of Pests )
General Insect Trap Techniques
STICKY PASTE ON PAPER
Find some old paper bags , plastic bags , or even just pieces of cardboard .
( Do n't be afraid to find creative ways to reuse things you would otherwise throw away ) .
Make a paste of sugar , corn syrup , and water by heating it together .
When the mixture cools , spread the paste on the paper bags ( or equivalent ) and place strategically around the house .
They are ideal if hung .
How it works :
The insects will be attracted to the sweet smell , but will get stuck in it as soon as they land on the bag .
STICKY LIQUID IN BOTTLE
Start with a large clear plastic bottle or milk jug .
Attach some string around the mouth of the bottle so it can be hung later .
Make a thick sticky liquid with sugar and vinegar .
Pour this sticky mixture into the bottom of the bottle .
Chop up some appropriate bait into small enough pieces to put it inside the bottle .
Fruit is usually a good bet .
Poke some additional holes in the jug to give bugs greater access to the bait inside .
Hang the trap in a “ high - traffic ” area for bugs .
How it works :
They will be attracted by the fruit and fly inside , only to get stuck in the vinegar and sugar mixture .
Mosquitoes
BOTTLE TRAP METHOD
Start with an empty plastic bottle that is in your recycling box .
It can be as small as a 500 ml bottle , or as large as a two - liter soda bottle .
Discard the cap .
Cut the top third of the bottle off .
It is important to make your cut in the area below the top of the main shaft of the bottle ( where it is widest ) .
You should now have a bottle top in the shape of a funnel , and the cylindrical body of the bottle .
Invert the bottle top ( funnel ) into the bottle .
It should be a snug fit ( given the equal diameter of the funnel top and bottle shaft ) , but if necessary , secure it with tape .
Wrap the bottle with black paper to create a warm dark place for your mosquitoes to go .
Inside the bottom of the bottle ( either before you secure the inverted funnel , or poured into the bottle through the spout ) , place the following : 1 tablespoon of yeast ( for a 2 - litre bottle , reduce proportionately for smaller bottles )
water to fill the 1/3 of the bottle
1/3 cup sugar
Place the bottle a short distance away from where you are .
This mixture is good for up to a couple of weeks .
Change as necessary .
How it works :
The mosquitoes will be attracted to the CO2 generated by the yeast and will fly into the bottle .
The sugar and water mixture will make them sticky , and they will be too disoriented to escape .
Yellow Jackets / Hornets / Wasps
BOTTLE TRAP
Use the same technique as above to construct a bottle trap with the top inverted to make a funnel into the bottle .
There is no need to cover the bottle with black paper .
Fill the bottom with a sweet liquid .
Yellow jackets are n't picky ; you can use juice , soda , or just sugar water .
( If you wish to repel honey bees , then add a small amount of dish soap and vinegar to the bottom of the bottle before adding your sweet liquid ) .
How it works : Yellow jackets , hornets , and wasps will flock to this bottle ( in a big way ) , will go inside ( via the funnel ) , and will get stuck in the liquid or will become too disoriented to escape .
This simple technique works alarmingly well ; if you are in a “ high - traffic ” area , you could end up emptying an entire bottle full of these pests by the end of a few days .
Flies
BOTTLE TRAP
Follow the instructions above to make your own plastic bottle trap .
Add a ¼ cup of vinegar and a ¼ cup of sugar to the bottle .
Finish filling the bottle to just below the funnel bottom ( which was formerly the bottle top ) with water .
Fruit Flies
Using the same bottle trap technique , apparently all fruit flies need is vinegar to get in and get stuck .
Alternate method to the Bottle Trap :
If you do n't have a plastic bottle handy , you can use a glass jar and poke holes in the lid large enough for your pest of choice to get in .
Ants
Combine flour and borax , and apply to ant - heavy areas .
Alternately ( or additionally ) , growing herbs like spearmint , tansy , and southernwood can repel ants .
Cockroaches
Mix flour , borox , and cocoa powder and strategically bait problem areas .
Aphid Control – and Garden Pesticides
Make a spray with water and rhubarb .
This is actually poisonous to many garden insects , and when sprayed on your garden will act as a natural pesticide .
Mice and Rats
If you have a rodent problem and are n't keen on using poison because you have animals that could accidentally ingest the poisoned mouse or rat ( which could in turn kill your pet ) , then the following may be a remedy for you :
Mix together flour and cement mix , and bait problem areas .
Be sure to leave a water source nearby too .
How it works :
The rodents will be attracted to the flour and will eat it ( along with the cement mix too ) .
When the rodents drink water , the cement mix will actually start to turn into cement … thus killing the critter .
While this may seem cruel ( it is no more or less humane than poison ) , if you are the sort of person who would use poison if it were n't for the danger to domestic animals , then this may be a solution .
If a dog or cat eats a rodent poisoned with cement , they will not be poisoned themselves .
However , if they directly eat the flour and cement mixture ( which they should n't be attracted to , but you never know ) , there could be problems .
Prudent caution is advised .
Insect Repellent
If you would rather simply repel insects in a natural and inexpensive manner , apply some vanilla extract or vanilla essence to your pulse points .
Not only will you be bug - free , but you 'll smell good too !
I know there are more insect traps and repellents out there .
Feel free to share your best homemade secrets for staying pest - free in the comments !
Like this article ?
Pin it !
Call it the anti-Hulu .
Cable giants Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. are expected to announce Wednesday that they are teaming on a new venture that would make it harder for people to watch TV shows online for free .
Motivating the media giants is the emergence of online video as an alternative to television .
Hulu , the venture owned by News Corp. , NBC Universal and soon Disney , has become an overnight sensation with its steady stream hit TV shows for free .
It 's that free part of Hulu that is so worrisome to Comcast and Time Warner .
Cable operators have been irritated that Hulu gives away stuff that they pay good money to carry .
Cable companies shell out some $ 22 billion annually for programming , which explains why Hulu makes them nervous .
Called " TV Everywhere , " the initiative has been pushed hard by Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes .
It requires viewers to demonstrate that they already subscribe to a pay TV service -- cable , satellite or telephone company -- before they may watch certain shows online .
Technology has been a hurdle in these efforts .
The companies have to find a way to " authenticate " whether the person logging on to a website also is paying for cable or satellite service .
Time Warner Cable has been testing the service in Wisconsin for several months .
Comcast also plans to test its version , called OnDemand Online .
Another Comcast service , Fancast , which provides online video , could become the vehicle for TV Everywhere .
Both companies declined to comment this afternoon .
Time Warner 's Bewkes will be joined by Comcast Chief Executive Brian Roberts to unveil their partnership at a news conference in New York City .
--- Meg James
Photos : ( Top ) Jeff Bewkes by Evan Agostini / AP. ( Bottom ) Brian Roberts by George Widman / AP .
Advertisements
Yesterday , Rep. Michele Bachmann was trying to explain to the group The Conservative Women ’s Network the dangers of healthcare reform , but she made public healthcare sound pretty good .
She argued that the government can provide health insurance that is nearly 30 % - 40 % cheaper and , “ It will probably offer equal or better benefits than any plan , but cheaper . ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
Bachmann tried to scare people with the fear that the government is taking over healthcare , “ We ’re told this is the public option do n’t believe it .
This is the government takeover of healthcare .
This is how it works .
The government , all of us , we taxpayers will subsidize that government option , and that government option will be 30 % - 40 % cheaper than any private plan out there .
It will probably offer equal or better benefits than any plan , but cheaper .
Why , because they are just spending your money .
What do they care ?
It is your money they ’re spending as taxpayers , so they ’ll offer this cheaper plan . ”
Heaven forbid that businesses and individuals stop getting raped on healthcare costs each year .
Bachmann claims that the government can provide cheaper , and better care than the private sector , and that this is something that we should be afraid of .
In Republican thought , it is more important to protect the private sector than it is to fix healthcare .
Bachmann ’s position is based on the ideology that the government should never get involved in the private sector , but I fail to see where government is doing anything wrong by giving the health insurance industry some real competition .
The paranoid element to the Republican concern is that this will lead to everyone getting on the public plan , while the private sector fades away .
However , it is easy to avoid this simply by placing some limitations and restrictions on enrollment in the public option .
Republicans continue to shoot themselves in the feet by maintaining the infallibility of the private sector .
The private sector is not perfect , and the GOP should stop pretending that it is .
7 Tasks You Should n't Use a GUI For
Here are a few tasks that you might want to consider using the command line for .
1. Resizing images
Unless you are doing some sort of cropping there is no reason to load up Photoshop or the Gimp .
A simple command will usually suffice for almost all your image resizing needs .
convert - resize 300 image.jpg image-small.jpg
If you finding yourself doing lots of image resizing during the day , this command could potentially save you a LOT of time .
You can even do mass image resizing .
2. Adding a Drop Shadow to an Image
I found myself spending a ton of time adding drop shadows to images .
Using a simple command I was able to create drop shadows in seconds .
convert screenshot.jpg \( +clone - background black - shadow 60x5+0+5 \ ) + swap - background white - layers merge +repage shadow.jpg
Note :
You must have Imagemagick installed for this command to work .
Debian / Ubuntu users can use apt - get install imagemagick .
Obviously , I do n’t expect you to memorize this command .
To shorten it use an alias .
3. Splice Together an MP3
If you want simple MP3 splicing this command has your back :
cat 1.mp3 2.mp3 > combined.mp3
4. Clone a Hard Drive
DD is one the most simplistic and powerful image applications out there .
dd if=/dev/hda of=/ dev/hdb
5. Burn an ISO to a CD
Why open up K3B or some other program just to burn an ISO ?
Map this command to an alias and get burning .
cdrecord -v speed=8 dev=0,0,0 name_of_iso_file.iso
Note :
You need to get the info for the ‘ dev= ’ part by running ‘ cdrecord - scanbus ’
6. Video Conversions
Let ’s say you want to convert an AVI to an Mpeg file :
ffmpeg - i video_origine.avi video_finale.mpg
Or convert an Mpeg to AVI :
ffmpeg - i video_origine.mpg video_finale.avi
There are all sorts of things you can do with ffmpeg .
7. Replace Words in a Text File
No need to open up a GUI text editor when you have sed .
This command from Eric ’s Wendelin ’s blog will replace all instances of a color in CSS with another one .
NYU Stern Professor Melissa Schilling , an expert in strategic management and technology and innovation management , and Melissa Esmundo are finding that the cost of generating electricity with geothermal or wind energy is a fraction of the cost of solar energy .
More importantly the performance of both is improving much more per dollar of R&D invested in them than the solar technologies .
This is the first study to explore the trajectory of performance improvement of renewable energy alternatives .
The ladies using data on government R&D investment and technological improvement ( in the form of cost reductions ) , show that both wind energy and geothermal energy are poised to become more economical than fossil fuels within a relatively short time frame .
Their evidence further suggests that R&D for wind and geothermal technologies has been under - funded by national governments compared to funding for solar technology and fossil fuel technology , which might be excessive in view of the diminishing performance of those technologies .
The research points up two disadvantageous , one is current production capacity and two is the costs .
The research covers comparisons with hydroelectric power , geothermal , solar power , wind power , biomass energy power , and the transmission issues , intermittency concerns and the for some the fuel costs .
Before I get too wound up I have to point out that these two generous ladies have managed to first get their work that was published by Elsevier in Energy Policy and then in turn post a pdf of it at the NYU site in compliance with the copyright clams of Elsevier .
You might want to click over quick and save one before the volume drives Elsevier to grabbing the work back .
Save the comments of taxpayers ’ supported research remaining behind the pay barrier .
Congress tried and failed to get you what you ’re paying for .
This time , for a while at least , you have a shot at the good stuff .
And its really good stuff .
Using “ S ” curve perspectives allows the authors to build out some instructive graphs .
Of note , ( and I ’m tempted to list them all ) are US Renewable Energy Consumption from 1949 to 2005 , a US historical cost of receipts , where “ cost of receipts ” refers to only the price paid for fuels without operating or maintenance , from 1949 to 2003 , a US historical cost of renewable energies vs. fossil fuels from 1980 to 2004 and lastly the historical yearly R&D funding of renewables by the US government .
What jumps out at the casual observer is that fuels are market dynamic as those of us old enough to recall the oil , gas and coal supply manipulations since 1970 and that renewable all have a downward slope in costs that are in fact closing in on fossil fuels .
Time is truly on the renewables side .
The length and breadth of the study , which is by the way easily readable by most people , offers some insights .
R&D grants to fossil fuel technologies are mature in that it takes great sums of money to accomplish much where renewable yield a much better grant payback .
Balancing that for now is that fossil fuels are still cheaper .
The main revelation is that wind and geothermal are seriously under funded relative to their potential .
One can note from the research that grants into these two fields show major payoffs with lots of improvement available that may well close the price gap with fueled technology .
The authors note that combining 9 counties research investments in wind of $ 2.6 billion and geothermal of $ 4.1 billion is dwarfed by the same countries investing $ 38 billion into fossil fuel research during the years 1974 to 2005 .
Established firms and companies ’ may well benefit greatly from direct research investment .
But for emerging technologies performance gains come , as reason dictates from early investment , which the authors indirectly suggest could be a public policy with significant benefits .
The authors do note that public investment does serve to give warning to incumbent firms with old technology to consider adapting .
It not often that one sees a study in an economic framework so devoid of political posturing or editorializing .
It ’s a clean work that goes far to inform anyone sharp enough to review it .
I ’m impressed .
There , I think I have provided enough info for you to go get a look without triggering a copyright - based removal .
Just do n’t dawdle .
Comments
Something slowing you down ?
( Image : Image Source / Rex Features )
YOUR flight leaves in 10 minutes and you ’ve only just made it through security .
As you run to your gate you come to a corridor with a moving walkway .
Should you hop on ?
Maybe not .
People on travelators actually tend to slow their pace , making time - savings minimal , and a new study helps to explain why .
Manoj Srinivasan , a locomotion researcher at Princeton University , created two mathematical models of how people travel on such walkways ( Chaos , DOI : 10.1063/1.3141428 ) .
In the first , he assumed people walk in a way that minimises …
It sounds like the beginning of a joke : what do you get when you put a Muslim imam , a Greek Orthodox priest , a rabbi , a Buddhist monk and 10 atheists in the same room ?
Viewers of Turkish television will soon get the punchline when a new gameshow begins that offers a prize arguably greater than that offered by Who Wants to be a Millionaire ?
Contestants will ponder whether to believe or not to believe when they pit their godless convictions against the possibilities of a new relationship with the almighty on Penitents Compete ( Tovbekarlar Yarisiyor in Turkish ) , to be broadcast by the Kanal T station .
Four spiritual guides from the different religions will seek to convert at least one of the 10 atheists in each programme to their faith .
Those persuaded will be rewarded with a pilgrimage to the spiritual home of their newly chosen creed – Mecca for Muslims , Jerusalem for Christians and Jews , and Tibet for Buddhists .
The programme 's makers say they want to promote religious belief while educating Turkey 's overwhelmingly Muslim population about other faiths .
" The project aims to turn disbelievers on to God , " the station 's deputy director , Ahmet Ozdemir , told the Hürriyet Daily News and Economic Review .
That mission is attested to in the programme 's advertising slogans , which include " We give you the biggest prize ever : we represent the belief in God " and " You will find serenity in this competition " .
Only true non-believers need apply .
An eight - strong commission of theologians will assess the atheist credentials of would - be contestants before deciding who should take part .
Converts will be monitored to ensure their religious transformation is genuine and not simply a ruse to gain a free foreign trip .
" They can't see this trip as a getaway , but as a religious experience , " Ozdemir said .
The programme , which is scheduled to air in September , has been criticised by commentators and religious figures for trivialising God and faith .
Mustafa Cagrici , provincial head of the state - run religious affairs directorate for Istanbul , said : " I do n't find it right to discuss religion in such environments . "
Others may see the show as fuelling a widespread intolerance of atheism in Turkey , where a large majority profess a deep religious belief despite the state 's officially secular character .
Federal agents hunt for guns one house at a time Federal agents hunt for guns , one house at a time
In front of a run-down shack in north Houston , federal agents step from a government sedan into 102 - degree heat and face a critical question :
How can the woman living here buy four high - end handguns in one day ?
The house is worth $ 35,000 .
A screen dangles by a wall - unit air conditioner .
Porch swing slats are smashed , the smattering of grass is flattened by cars and burned yellow by sun .
“ I ’ll do the talking on this one , ” agent Tim Sloan , of South Carolina , told partner Brian Tumiel , of New York .
Success on the front lines of a government blitz on gunrunners supplying Mexican drug cartels with Houston weaponry hinges on logging heavy miles and knocking on countless doors .
Dozens of agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives — sent here from around the country — are needed to follow what ATF acting director Kenneth Melson described as a “ massive number of investigative leads . ”
All told , Mexican officials in 2008 asked federal agents to trace the origins of more than 7,500 firearms recovered at crime scenes in Mexico .
Most of them were traced back to Texas , California and Arizona .
Among other things , the agents are combing neighborhoods and asking people about suspicious purchases as well as seeking explanations as to how their guns ended up used in murders , kidnappings and other crimes in Mexico .
“ Ever turning up the heat on cartels , our law enforcement and military partners in the government of Mexico have been working more closely with the ATF by sharing information and intelligence , ” Melson said Tuesday during a firearms - trafficking summit in New Mexico .
Firearms dealers visited
The ATF recently dispatched 100 veteran agents to its Houston division , which reaches to the border .
The mission is especially challenging because , officials say , that while Houston is the number one point of origin for weapons traced back to the United States from Mexico , the government can’t compile databases on gun owners under federal law .
Agents instead review firearms dealers ’ records in person .
People who are legally in the United States and have clean criminal records , but are facing economic problems are often recruited by traffickers to buy weapons on their behalf in order to shield themselves from scrutiny .
Knocks at the door of the shack that looked to be the definition of hard times went unanswered .
“ I am out of here , ” Sloan said a few moments later , as a pit bull lazily sauntered from the back yard .
“ I do n’t like pit bulls walking up behind me . ”
Best information source
On second thought , Sloan switched to Spanish and interviewed a neighbor .
The neighbor said the woman left a month ago after a fight with her husband or boyfriend , who still lived there with what she called “ other degenerates . ”
“ An angry ex-girlfriend or wife is the best person in the world , the greatest source of information , ” Sloan said .
The night before , the duo were in a stakeout where they watched a weapons sale .
They also combined efforts with the Drug Enforcement Administration for an aircraft to stealthily follow traffickers to the border .
On this day , agents were n’t wearing raid jackets or combat boots and were n’t armed with warrants .
Guns were hidden under civilian shirts .
Another tip took agents on a 30 - minute drive from the shack to a sprawling home with a pool in the back and an American flag out front .
It turned out two handguns , of a type drug gangsters prefer , were bought by a pastor for target practice .
Some stories , they say , are hard to believe .
The lamest so far came from a police officer :
He said he bought a few military - style rifles , left them in his car and — on the same night — forgot to lock a door .
He could n’t explain why he did n’t file a police report or why he visited Mexico the day after the alleged theft .
dane.schiller@chron.com
Many of you have probably been following the increasingly tense and raucous exchanges between PZ Myers of Pharyngula and Chris Mooney and Sheril Kirshenbaum of The Intersection ( like the Chimp Refuge formerly part of the ScienceBlogs.com network but now part of the Discovery group ) .
To summarize , Chris and Sheril have just co-authored a book called Unscientific America that purports to examine , and offer solutions for lessening , the divide between the general U.S. public–not the most scientifically literate of societies–and those responsible for reaching out to that public .
Sheril was kind enough to send me a copy gratis , but I do n’t have it yet , so I ca n’t comment on it .
But I wanted to write a few of my thoughts down in advance so that the review itself can stand on its own and not be conjoined to the toxic elements I am introducing now .
At the heart of the aforementioned disagreement is PZ ’s disagreement with Chris ( also the author of The Republican War On Science and Storm World , both great reads ) and Sheril about the best way to deal with religious interference with scientific education , and perhaps with scientific endeavors in general .
PZ is of course a shameless aggressor when it comes to religion ( as am I in my incomparably more anonymous ravings ) , while Chris , and apparently Sheril , are voices of moderation .
PZ has much to say about the whole book in his review , but complicating the matter is that Unscientific America contains a substantial amount of criticism of PZ himself , in particular over “ Crackergate . ”
Chris and Sheril ’s responses to PZ ’s review consumed three blog posts , and you can find these here ( the link is to part three , the intro to which includes links to its precursors ) .
I do n’t want to get into specifics about a book I have not read , but I do want to note some unnecessary moves that have discolored this already unseemly fracas .
For one thing , a lot of commenters at The Intersection who are , in the main , part of PZ ’s regular readership and commenting crew have jumped all over Chris and Sheril for not responding directly , sufficiently , or in a timely manner to PZ ’s criticisms .
( Various other “ Sciblings ” and other science - oriented bloggers have reviewed and in many cases criticized the book , and the Intersectites have linked to these , but naturally none of PZ ’s loyal readers seem to care . )
While it did n’t help Chris and Sheril ’s stock in the eyes of most commenters to put up “ placeholder ” - type posts assuring readers that they would get around to responding to PZ in detail eventually , they followed through .
And although PZ is largely correct in stating that Chris and Sheril do n’t include a lot of back - up in their tripartite rebuttal to him , they do tell readers where this can be found –in the book itself .
As someone with one book in print and on the cusp of signing a contract for a second one , I can hardly fault Chris and Sheril for refusing to quote vast sections of a newly published book just to slake the thirst of an army of mostly obnoxious commenters .
But PZ , I believe , has no personal animosity toward the Intersectites ; he merely believes they are dead wrong , and his criticism , however on the mark it may or may not be , is focused and sincere .
PZ simply hates what he sees as bad ideas , and I ’m with him all the way there .
So I was a little surprised on Tuesday when he took a step I found unnecessary –creating a thread specifically inviting people to unload on Chris and Sheril because he lacked the time at that point to respond to their third rebuttal installment .
This is the last thing anyone needed ; people were already ripping into Chris and Sheril in at least three or four active threads on The Intersection and a handful more on Pharyngula .
And I did n’t see anyone laying into PZ for his “ not now ” declaration even though the Intersectites were hounded mercilessly for doing exactly the same thing .
Regardless , I can see the three of them sitting down one day over beers and laughing a little about the entire affair .
I ’ve met all three of the combatants mentioned here and found all of them to be pleasant and interesting people , which makes all of this a little more disconcerting than it would be otherwise .
But the whole thing would n’t stink so much were it not for the tirelessly shrill efforts of Abbie Smith , the proprietor ( does that word apply to bloggers ?
I like it ! ) of ERV , another “ Scibling ” blog .
Abbie is a master of manufactured rage .
Granted , she ’s quite capable of legitimately losing it and concomitantly experiencing a rapid and severe decline in her cognitive faculties , as occurred here , months before she moved into the scienceblogs.com network .
A fair reading of this post and the one on the Refuge that inspired it should suggest that Abbie quite unfairly demonized my co-blogger Jim and was fantastically immune to what either of us was trying to convey to her .
Abbie and I come down on the same side on a great many issues , although I have never been much of a reader because of her deliberately agrammatical and grating style .
And I wo n’t deny that I ’m at least as profane as she is , and just as nasty when it comes to creationists and other arrant fools .
But because Abbie would rather be noticed and perhaps reviled by a few than largely anonymous but more widely respected , she has chosen to insinuate herself in the Unscientific America melee in a most explosively repugnant way .
Beneath a post she titles “ Congrats on the transformation , Sheril and Chris , ” she comments :
Ive been criticizing Mooneys ‘ arguments ’ since 2006 .
Though he read those posts at old ERV ( and commented ) , he has yet to address my problems with his message .
Three fucking years
Ive been ‘ addressing Mooneys arguments ’ , with no reciprocation .
Now he is personally attacking someone in a print book , who previously provided him support , encouragement , positive PR …
I will not be addressing Mooneys ‘ arguments ’ any more , at any point , in the future .
Assuming Mooney and I were best buddies , I wouldnt be addressing his arguments , at any point , in the future .
Why would you help someone who bites the hand that feeds ?
Chris Mooney is an ungrateful , back - stabbing bitch , and he can go fuck himself .
Note to Chris :
You can take this comment as a post ‘ representative ’ of ERV .
I encourage you to post this comment as a blog entry on Intersection .
That last bit hearkens to an unabashed craving for attention .
In a later post , she refers to Chris and Sheril as “ Mooneytits ” and “ Cockenbaum ” respectively , and to the two of them as “ Tittycocks . ”
That ’s more moronic than it is offensive , but in any case is hardly justified on the basis of a simple difference of opinion .
On Chris ’s and Sheril ’s blog , she writes :
You are a disgusting , despicable creature , Chris Mooney .
Enjoy the warmth from the bridges youre burning now No one will build them with you again .
This , because Chris wrote a book critical of someone Abbie worships .
The nerve !
Her own commenters are no better , having been selected over time to be routinely exposed to such hollow , overstated salvos .
Only a couple of people spoke out against her unfounded bellicosity .
Her reaction ( she never ignores her critics and never credits them with possibly being accurate ) is to offer virtual shrugs and bland dismissals .
As in the pit - bull mess , she creates her own reality in which other people are either misinformed or evil .
That she thinks that Chris Mooney owes PZ something is a joke ( PZ would laugh at this too , I ’m certain ) , but Abbie ’s comments about burning bridges and biting feeding hands seem to suggest that Chris owes her something , too .
She says she ’s been mixing it up with Chris for three years .
You know what ?
Big friggin’ deal .
Everyone ’s been fighting with everyone else on the Web since its inception .
People disagree .
Does Chris merit this kind of treatment , even if his ideas could be categorically shown to be dead wrong ?
No , he does n’t .
As a prolific journalist –especially for a 31 - year - old–he has plenty of experience dealing with such static , but Sheril does not , and I admit I find myself troubled to see her in the crosshairs so much lately ( but be assured she can handle it just fine as well ) .
It does n’t help her standing in this that someone who is raucously opposed to the input of ignorant people–as Abbie is and should be –has apparently not read the book that has seen her baseline scatologia rise to remarkable levels .
To me , that ’s just the perfect hypocritical touch to close out a silly and pointless one - blogger pogrom .
It ’s fitting that one of her areas of focus as HIV , because she has presented herself as he consummate opportunistic infection in this kerfluffle .
I suppose I could be branded a hypocrite myself for using the Unscientific America skirmish as an excuse to take shots at someone for using the Unscientific America skirmish as an excuse to take shots at someone .
There ’s a difference , though .
Even if you think Chris ( an atheist ) and Sheril ( an agnostic ) are badly misguided in both their book and their general stance about how to bring science to the masses , and believe that they have failed to adequately respond to criticism of their book on their blog , they have not been firebombing the blogs of their interlocutors and telling them to go fuck themselves or labeling them with insipid pejoratives ( and for that matter have not rigged posts so as to expressly invite the excoriation of specific individuals ) .
I can only conclude that anyone who does n’t see Abbie as having gone so far over the top as to position herself as a parody , not a paragon , of meaningful criticism is not reading with both eyes open .
And I ’m not the only Scibling or former Scibling to make a note of this ; Isis the Scientist and Zuska have both opined on Abbie ’s antics , with their focus being on Abbie ’s mocking of a situation in which Sheril was evidently treated as a sexual object in an institutional setting and the thoroughgoing inanity of Abbie ’s complaining about Chris and Sheril criticizing PZ in print format , where he cannot directly respond .
That ’s all .
The next time I mention this it will be to ( horrors ! ) describe my impressions of the book itself .
Northern Rhodesians Worldwide SM
I
SM
The GNR SM is in the shop
All of the member - contributed material on the Great North Road SM website will be back .
It is not available right now because the old server had to be shut down , but everything is backed up and will be put back online , probably in an automatically - generated " static " format .
The one exception that remains available , because it is already an easily - transferable " static " website on its own sub-domain , is Dave 's copy of The British South Africa Company Historical Catalogue & Souvenir of Rhodesia from the Empire Exhibition in Johannesburg , South Africa , 1936 - 37 .
The best estimate that I can give , given other commitments at this time , is to have everything back by 31 January 2018 .
I know that this is far off , but I am committed to my long - time promise to keep this information online .
I have every hope of getting it back before Christmas , but I 'd rather give a realistic estimate than a hopeful one that I will likely miss .
I may add updates here as circumstances dictate .
Craig Hartnett
Lusaka , Zambia
30 August 2017
Update 1
Unsurprisingly , I am behind .
However , this is not for technical reasons .
A major new privacy protection law comes into effect in the EU in May .
Despite it being law only in the EU , it has far - reaching implications that affect just about any company doing business on the Internet , probably including a hobby site the like GNR if it collects ( or did collect in this case ) personal information .
For this reason I am considering excising one of the three hearts of the GNR -- the Names Directory -- when I put the site back online .
Unfortunately the Names Directory is also very closely intertwined with the Message Board , which contains thousands of messages that mention the names of people that have not asked the GNR to publish their names -- e.g. , Bob Jones posts a message asking if anyone knows how he can contact Sue Smith who used to live at such - and - such an address in such - and - such a town in such - and - such a year .
Do I want to subject myself to legal requests to remove all references to Sue Smith ( or even Bob Jones ) one at a time ?
More importantly , do I want to risk being subjected to a € 10 or € 20 million fine ?!
At this point I am not yet sure how to deal with this .
I may remove the Names Directory and take a chance on putting up the archived Message Board , and at the first hint of a problem with the Message Board take it down immediately .
Also on my to - do list before I put the site back up is to remove the Google ads .
Besides the fact that they generated hardly any revenue , a couple of years ago I went from admiring Google to believing they violate their own motto , which is " Do n't be evil " .
Anyone who does n't see this is either willfully blind or brainwashed .
Fortunately I never tied the GNR too closely to Google , or ( for that matter ) to Facebook .
And by the way , anyone on Facebook claiming to represent or replace the GNR ( as quite a number have done over the years ) is a fake and a charlatan .
Craig Hartnett
Vancouver , Canada
2 April 2018
PD Extra :
Names in corruption probe surface in St. Clair Avenue property dealings
Cuyahoga County officials considered buying the St. Clair Avenue property now standing in the way of the downtown medical mart , but they let it slip away five years ago .
And today , negotiations with the California company that snatched it up have stalled , creating a problem that has the potential to cost taxpayers millions .
Developers of the planned medical mart and the county want the land on the northeast corner of St. Clair and Ontario Street as a piece of the $ 425 million project that will include a new downtown convention center .
The mart would be built on the land that now has a four - story office building and a parking garage .
Its value is a little more than $ 10 million , according to the county auditor 's Web site .
Without the property , the county intends to tear down its administration building to make way for the medical mart .
The county then would have to find offices elsewhere .
County e-mails from as far back as 2004 show that officials were interested in buying the property at 113 St. Clair Ave. , which sits behind the county 's current Lakeside Avenue offices .
Late that year , officials asked The Staubach Co. -- hired by the county to seek a new location for its offices -- to look into the possibility of purchasing the property .
But today , memories are fuzzy as to exactly why the county 's interest fizzled .
" To be honest , the county missed an opportunity , " said County Central Services Director Jay Ross .
" We could have used it . "
At the time the county was focused mainly on looking at major sites for the county administration 's consolidation , Ross said .
Buying 113 St. Clair was part of early discussions about the consolidation .
The county considered tearing down the structure and building offices .
It would have then torn down its current offices on Lakeside and built more .
In addition , Ross said the property could have been used for a number of different developments then being discussed , including a convention center , because it would have given them control of the whole block .
He thinks the owners at the time were asking too steep a price -- between $ 15 million and $ 20 million -- for the property .
" If we could have gotten it at a reasonable price , I certainly would have jumped at the opportunity , " Ross said .
But he does n't recall if the county was aware the building was being foreclosed on and was going to be offered through a sheriff 's sale .
At the time the foreclosure process was completed in 2006 , the conglomerate of owners , called 113 St. Clair Properties LLC , owed more than $ 15 million on the property .
Commissioner Peter Lawson Jones said he thinks the discussions about 113 St. Clair petered out fairly quickly and that it was never one of the serious contenders for the consolidation .
" It was one of many properties considered at one time , " he said .
County officials later settled on the Ameritrust building , which they have since abandoned as an option for their offices .
The county is trying to sell the complex .
As to the other possible uses for the St. Clair property , Jones said the county was not looking to be a " land baron . "
He said officials would n't have likely bought the land without a specific use in mind .
When Staubach was asked to look at the property in late 2004 and early 2005 , foreclosure proceedings had already been initiated against its owners .
And Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge John Sutula , who was assigned the case , had already appointed a receiver to control the property and its assets .
Mark Dottore looked into numerous buyers for the property , including the county , said Dottore 's attorney Rob Glickman , who did not represent him at the time .
Dottore " initiated numerous contacts with county representatives , hoping that they would be a bidder for the property , " Glickman said .
" Every seemingly interested buyer seemed scared away by the fact the county could then initiate eminent domain proceedings to take the property for its current value , " Glickman said in an e-mail this week .
Ross said he did n't remember whether Dottore contacted the county about the property .
In the end , the California company , L&R Development , bought the mortgage note for the property in early September 2006 in two steps .
It paid $ 7.2 million for the mortgage .
Less than a week later it paid $ 4.46 million for the property at a sheriff 's sale .
Since then , L&R has continued to invest in Cleveland real estate .
In 2008 , the company acquired Forest City Enterprises ' interest in Network Parking of Cleveland and signed a long - term deal with Forest City to provide parking nationally , with the exception of New York City , according to a company release .
As a provision of the deal , L&R gave Forest City " first - look " rights at L&R land holdings in 12 states , including Ohio .
Forest City lobbied hard to have the medical mart complex built at its Tower City location .
The proposal was rejected by commissioners .
Forest City spokesman Jeff Linton said Forest City has no interest in developing the St Clair property .
County officials said this week they are still hopeful they will reach an agreement with L&R Development .
" I guess with this [ real estate ] stuff it always ends up being about timing , " Ross said .
Chicago ’s ESPN
Zone is celebrating its 10th anniversary .
To accompany the festivities they compiled a list of the 10 most memorable Chicago sports moments of the past 10 years .
Only one Bulls moment cracked the list — Joakim Noah ’s breakaway jam against the Celts .
Hit the jump for the full list …
1. 8th Inning Nightmare / 10.14.2003
Five outs from the World Series , the Cubs suffer nightmare 8th inning of Game 6 of the NLCS as fan Steve Bartman interferes with Moises Alou ’s attempt to catch a foul ball , followed by Alex Gonzalez muffing an inning - ending double - play ball ; Marlins win the game and later the series .
2. Hester , You Are Ridiculous / 02.4.2007
Following a regular season in which he returned six kicks / punts for touchdowns , Bears rookie Devin Hester returns the opening kickoff of Super Bowl XLI for a touchdown , the first time in Super Bowl history that feat is accomplished .
3. Series Champs / 10.26.2005
In the only run of the game , Jermaine Dye hits a game - winning RBI single and after an 88 - year drought the White Sox become World Series Champions , sweeping the Astros in four games .
4. Say It Ain’t So(sa ) / 06.3.2003
Sammy Sosa is caught with a corked bat and ejected from the game ; claims he mistakenly used a batting practice bat .
5. Cross-town Quarrel / 05.20.2006
Cubs catcher Michael Barrett ignites a bench - clearing brawl by sucker punching the White Sox ’s A.J. Pierzynski after a collision at the plate .
6. Desert Miracle / 10.16.2006
Trailing 20 - 0 at halftime of Monday Night Football vs. the Cardinals , the Bears ’ defense stages an incredible fourth quarter comeback ; Mike Brown and Charles Tilllman both return fumbles for touchdowns and Devin Hester returns a punt 83 yards for a touchdown and the Bears win 24 - 23 .
7. One for Sweetness / 11.7.1999
In their first Bears game since the shocking passing of NFL legend Walter Payton , the Bears defeat their storied rival Packers 14 - 13 ( the team ’s first win over the Packers since 1993 ) on a blocked field goal by DT Bryan Robinson .
8. One for the Ages / 04.30.2009
Bulls force a game seven in its first round playoff series with defending NBA Champion Celtics with a triple - overtime , 128 - 127 thriller that features Joakim Noah ’s steal , full - court drive , dunk and three - point play that fouls out Paul Pierce with 35 seconds left .
9. Big Z , Big No - No / 09.14.2008
Carlos Zambrano throws the first no -hitter by a Cubs pitcher in 36 years , against the Astros , at neutral Miller Park in Milwaukee .
10 . Do n’t Stop Believin ’ / 10.23.2005
Scott Podsednik , who had not hit a home run during the regular season , blasts a solo homer to center field in the bottom of the ninth off closer Brad Lidge to lift the Chicago White Sox to a 7 - 6 win and put the team up two games to one in the World Series .
THE Obama administration yesterday presented a misguided , ill - informed remake of our financial regulatory system that will make crises more likely and more costly .
Our financial system , particularly our mortgage system , is broken — but the Obama plan ignores the real flaws to focus on more convenient targets .
Instead of putting an end to bank bailouts , the plan makes bailouts a permanent feature of our regulatory landscape .
In fact , it extends the possibility of taxpayer - funded bailouts to any company choosing to become a financial - holding company .
This will likely include every large insurer , as well as major consumer - finance companies like GMAC .
Of course , the administration tells us that bailouts wo n’t be needed — because the same regulators who missed the signs of the current crisis will get added powers to prevent the next one .
We ’re supposed to believe that , if only the Federal Reserve had the same oversight powers over AIG as it now has over Citibank and Bank of America , that the bailout of AIG would have been avoided .
Just think :
If only AIG had been managed and regulated as well as Citibank — because Citi is in such great shape now .
In the wake of this crisis , it ’s understandable that the Obama plan increases regulation and oversight of the largest financial institutions — but why do it in ways that reduce the market discipline on those same companies ?
By assembling a list of institutions deemed “ too big to fail , ” the president is announcing that any of these select corporations will be bailed out if it fails .
As a result , these institutions will face lower funding costs than smaller lenders — which will allow them to gain market share .
That is , the Obama plan guarantees increased concentration of our financial markets :
We ’ll have fewer banks , but larger ones — insulated from market pressures .
In short , the Obama plan puts the entire safety of financial system on hoping that regulators at the Fed get everything right .
Meanwhile , the plan barely mentions two institutions at the very heart of the mortgage - market meltdown — Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Instead , the administration tells us that it will study the issue and come back with alternatives at a later date .
Yet Fannie and Freddie were the single largest source of funding for the subprime market during its height , buying more than 40 percent of all subprime securities at the market peak , while also leading the market in the reduction of credit quality .
In all likelihood , their ultimate cost to the taxpayer will be greater than that of the bank bailouts known as TARP .
Combined taxpayer losses from Fannie and Freddie could well exceed $ 300 billion — twice the expected cost of bailing out AIG .
Any reform plan that leaves out Fannie and Freddie ca n’t be taken seriously .
Even when it gets things right , the plan gets it wrong :
It recognizes the failure of the credit - rating agencies , but misses the source of that failure — namely , the fact that those agencies are a government - created monopoly .
So it insists on more disclosure — which wo n’t solve the problem .
What ’s needed is an end to the exclusive government privileges that have been granted to the rating agencies — and an end to the practice of having government regulators outsource their jobs to these companies .
Then there ’s the mortgage section of the plan .
Naturally , the Obama team does n’t address the largest single problem — the federal government ’s obsession with extending homeownership to households that ca n’t sustain it .
Instead , it calls for increased “ consumer protections ” in the mortgage industry .
Sadly , the administration can’t confront the basic fact that the most important mortgage indicator is the borrower ’s equity :
How much of its own money a household puts into the home tells us far more about probable default than whether the loan was adjustable - rate or has a prepayment penalty .
Admitting these facts , of course , would mean admitting that programs like the Federal Housing Administration have been at the forefront of pushing unsustainable mortgage lending .
In short , the Obama team has once again put politics ahead of policy , offering “ answers ” that will sound good to the uninformed without threatening any of the vested Washington interests that played so large a role in creating the current crisis .
Mark Calabria is director of fin ancial - regulation studies at the Cato Institute ( cato.org ) .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
[ qi:010 ]
It was only a matter of time until the economic downturn started chipping away at the confidence U.S. employees harbored towards their job safety earlier this year .
As employers have continued to make cutbacks over the last six months , more Americans say they ’re willing to bite the bullet and make job concessions if it increases their job safety , Glassdoor , a Sausalito , Calif . - based startup , found in a recent survey .
Dismal Outlook
The majority ( 86 % ) of employees and those self employed think their company outlook will be the same ( 47 % ) or better ( 39 % ) in the next six months
Outlook is much bleaker for employees at companies that have laid off / communicated plans to lay off employes in the past 6 months , as 23 % expect their company to perform worse , compared to 9 % of those workers whose companies have not initiated or communicated plans to lay off during this time period .
Fewer employees are expecting a pay raise or a cost - of - living increase in the next 12 months than we saw in the previous two quarters .
In Q2 , nearly one - third of employees expected a pay increase or a cost - of - living increase in the next 12 months ( 32 % ) , while 50 % do not .
To keep their jobs , employees are more willing to take on more projects and responsibility ( 71 % ) and work more hours ( 64 % ) than certain other concessions .
Employees who work for companies that have laid off / communicated plans to lay off in the past 6 months have more than twice the concerns ( 39 % ) about being laid off in the next six months than those who work for companies that have n’t ( 17 % ) .
Source : Glassdoor
Six months ago , more than half of U.S. employees could n’t fathom taking a pay cut , but now 42 percent are willing receive a lower paycheck if it increases the likelihood that they ’ll keep their jobs .
Employees are also willing to do more than just take a pay decrease — nearly three - quarters are willing to take on more responsibilities at work and 64 percent would work longer hours to increase their job security .
That rise could be contributed to the fact that one - third of employees believe it ’s unlikely they will find a job within six months if they were laid off , a view that remained unchanged from earlier this year .
Plus , there ’s a lot more job competition than before since unemployment hit a 26 year - high in June .
It ’s no surprise that salary expectations have come down sharply from six months ago as bonus cuts are becoming more common .
Fifty percent of employees believe they wo n’t get a pay raise in the next twelve months , up ten percent from this past December .
This is n’t much of a surprise as slightly more than twenty percent reported their employers cut bonus amounts in the last six months .
A sliver of optimism remains : only one - in - four American employees fear they will be laid off in the next six months , down two percent from December 2008 .
Employees who work at companies that have recently gone through layoffs are more fearful , however , as 39 percent say they ’re concerned about being laid off in the same period .
Even though more employees are willing to work harder with less pay just to keep their jobs , many still think they ’re less likely to be on the chopping block than their colleagues — 41 percent think their employers will lay off their other colleagues rather than themselves .
What do they say — bad things happen to other people .
Saltar a la fecha de hoy .
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
No creer en Dios hace a la juventud esclava de narcos , señala Calderón Felipe Calderón y su esposa Margarita Zavala , durante el acto de ayer en Los Pinos Foto José Antonio López Asegura Medina Mora que preocupa al gobierno la indiferencia social ante los delitos La droga mató a Jackson : el Presidente
Mueren 12 presuntos zetas en enfrentamiento con militares Tras 20 minutos de tiroteo , detienen en Guanajuato a seis sicarios Decomisan 11 rifles , dos pistolas , granadas y camionetas
Grupo armado asesina en Nuevo León a propietario de table dance Autoridades de varios estados reportan al menos 22 ejecuciones
Capturan en Sonora a nueve del cártel de los Beltrán Leyva Habrá más detenciones de policías de Hidalgo ligados al narco : SSP
Secuestran a 61 migrantes en un tren ; matan al menos dos Militares y agentes los rescatan en Veracruz
La PGR solicitó al Ejército su intervención en el operativo de la Obrera : Cárdenas Palomino La procuraduría no emitió ninguna información sobre los resultados de dichas acciones
Se pidió su apoyo para la seguridad perimetral , aseguró el funcionario de la SSP federal
La tropa , sólo en operativos que lo ameriten : Ebrard El jefe de Gobierno del Distrito Federal , Marcelo Ebrard Casaubon , puntualizó que el Ejército sólo estará en los operativos que por cuestiones de riesgo ameriten su intervención .
Continuar
Legisladores y defensores de derechos humanos critican movilización militar Evidencia la construcción cotidiana del autoritarismo : Suárez del Real
Deja dos muertos y tres heridos atentado contra candidato panista en Sonora Ernesto Cornejo Valenzuela responsabiliza al gobernador ; son idioteces , responde el PRI Informa Gobernación que la PGR atraerá el caso , con consentimiento de Eduardo Bours
Conscriptos inician labores contra drogas La Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional ( Sedena ) , informó que para contribuir con el abatimiento del narcotráfico e inhibir el consumo de drogas , en coordinación con el Consejo Nacional contra las Adicciones , en el municipio de Apatzingán , Michoacán , se puso en marcha un programa piloto que implica la participación de 300 conscriptos del Servicio Militar Nacional ( SMN ) en adiestramiento de erradicación de enervantes .
Continuar
Perdona el IFE a PAN y Televisa ; los espots sobre César Nava son libertad de expresión
Si dicen que no fue propaganda electoral , Presidencia usará esa estrategia en 3 años : Pablo Gómez El PRI se inconformó por difusión de una entrevista que la revista Poder y Negocios hizo al candidato
Multa de $ 4 millones al PVEM por su campaña ilegal en Tv y Novelas La televisora de Azcárraga y la publicación pagarán otros 9 millones
No habrá conteos rápidos El Instituto Federal Electoral ( IFE ) no realizará conteos rápidos el próximo 5 de julio , mecanismo con base en el cual se busca conocer la tendencia de la votación tras el cierre de las casillas .
Continuar
Votar es única vía para dar vuelta a esta página negra de la historia , insiste AMLO Pregunta a veracruzanos cómo pueden ser tan pobres en un estado con gran potencial
El IFE , sin tamaños para ejercer su poder constitucional : Muñoz Ledo
El candidato censura la falta de debates reales entre aspirantes
Llaman rector de la UNAM y consejeros a ir a las urnas Promoverán participación en instituciones de educación superior
Voto nulo , inocuo , según el secretario general de la OEA Observadores llegarán la próxima semana Asegura el funcionario que México tiene el sistema electoral más avanzado de AL
Investigan a 2 ex directores del IMSS por incendio en guardería El MP pide que aclaren método de adjudicación en el caso ABC
En la mira , 23 funcionarios del instituto y 27 del gobierno local
Suben a 48 los decesos por el siniestro
El número de víctimas fatales del incendio en la guardería ABC de Hermosillo , Sonora , se elevó ayer a 48 con el fallecimiento de Daniela Reyes , de tres años , quien tenía quemaduras de tercer grado en 80 por ciento de su cuerpo .
Continuar
Bours rectifica : no habrá demanda contra el IMSS Decide el gobernador no agravar pleito con el gobierno federal
Reprueban senadores enfrentamiento entre poderes Diputados priístas exigen a Daniel Karam la lista de las guarderías subrogadas
Rechaza Gómez
Mont buscar una confrontación con Bours La tragedia de Hermosillo no será asunto político personal , afirma Atrajo la PGR el caso ante nulos avances de autoridades locales , explica
Embargarán la casa de Ignacio del Valle en Atenco para cubrir multa de $ 157 mil La orden del juez es insólita e ilegal , señala abogado del líder
Liberan a indígena detenido durante zafarrancho del jueves en la CDI Denuncian que a Plácido Valerio no le fueron retirados los cargos
Advierten en foro sobre nueva ola represiva contra subversivos de AL Los ejércitos de América Latina no gobiernan , pero siguen teniendo el poder , aseguró Martín Almada , miembro del comité ejecutivo de la Asociación Americana de Juristas .
Señaló que en el contexto de la Conferencia de Ejércitos Americanos ( CEA ) elaboran listas de subversivos que intercambian entre ellos , lo cual augura una futura nueva ola de represión en la zona , y el Ejército Mexicano es parte de esto , aseguró .
Continuar
Ejidatarios demandan al gobierno de Chiapas que excarcele a 7 indígenas Retirar policías de San Sebastián Bachajón , otra exigencia de los campesinos
Evalúan nexos México - Cuba
El presidente Felipe Calderón recibió el lunes pasado en la residencia oficial de Los Pinos a la titular de la Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores , Patricia Espinosa , y al embajador de México en Cuba , Gabriel Jiménez Remus , quien le presentó los resultados de la entrevista que sostuvo con el mandatario de la isla , Raúl Castro , el pasado 19 de junio , en La Habana .
Continuar
Updated with squirmy goodness .
The original static JPG is here .
Now you know .
I hope you 're happy .
It 's something I 'd wondered about before .
For as much as theWAREHOUSE characters hold guns and ride bicycles , how do you not wonder ?
Turns out , it 's a series of tiny prehensile tentacles .
We have a runner - up prize for one lucky ( quick ! ) person after the " shopping spree " contest last week .
I have a one time use coupon code for $ 5 off a purchase .
The first person to use this coupon code gets it .
After that it wo n't work !
The code is 2009 _2SIYW
If you try it and it does n't work , chances are good someone else has already used it .
Good luck !
Your Comments :
Eye Opener : GOP to Bachmann : End Census Boycott
By Ed O'Keefe
Happy Thursday !
( Even better : Happy Getaway Day ! )
At some point last month , Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . ) said she would refuse to fill out anything more than the number of people in her household on her Census questionnaire .
She argued that questions other than how many people live in her home are unconstitutional and feared that political groups , including ACORN , might try to sway final Census numbers .
Republican colleagues have now called her boycott illogical and illegal .
“ Every elected representative in this country should feel a responsibility to encourage full participation in the census .
To do otherwise is to advocate for a smaller share of federal funding for our constituents , " Reps .
Patrick McHenry ( R - N.C. ) , Lynn Westmoreland ( R - Ga. ) and John Mica ( R - Fla . ) said in a statement .
The trio is members the House Census Oversight Subcommittee .
They argue that her boycott only increases the likelihood of political interference , because Census staffers and volunteers would have to visit her home to do a followup interview .
" Anyone who completes and returns their census form will remove any need for a census taker to visit their residence , " the group said .
Census officials stress that the agency 's community partners ( including ACORN ) might go door - to - door , but only to promote participation and not to collect personal information .
Bachmann 's statements also seemed to confuse the 2010 Decennial Census questionnaire with the American Community Survey , a longer questionnaire that gets randomly sent to households every year to ask a series of Census and economic questions .
Observers have called Bachmann 's Census statements " wildly wrong " and her statements on various issues have raised Eyebrows before ( there 's even a blog that chronicles her activities ) .
Still , her concerns about Census questionnaires are nothing new : several prominent Republican leaders have raised concerns in the past .
Leave your thoughts in the comments section below .
• Cabinet and Staff News :
The magic number at the White House appears to be 172,000 .
Dollars , that is .
Per year .
Obama slammed for skipping the Cabinet 's rural tour .
Earl Devaney says he wo n't impede IG investigations into economic stimulus funding .
Hillary Rodham Clinton cancels plans to travel with Obama to Russia ; still plans to visit India in mid-July .
REMINDER : Follow The Eye on Twitter for news and views tweeted all day long .
• DEA Joins Jackson Death Investigation :
The agency is stepping in at the request of the Los Angeles Police Department and can provide resources and experience in investigating drug abuse , illicit drug manufacturers and substances unfamiliar to local police .
• CIA Report on Interrogation Delayed Again :
The report had been expected to be made public two weeks ago but was held back over debates about how much of it should be censored .
• Secret C.I.A. Jails an Issue in Terror Case : Lawyers for a former Guantánamo detainee have told a federal judge they want to visit the “ black sites ” run overseas by the agency where their client was held for about two years .
• HHS Scales Back HIV Estimates :
In its move this week to eliminate the ban on immigration to the U.S. by people with HIV or AIDS , the Obama administration put forward and then retracted some scary - looking estimates of new HIV infections .
• Staffer at SEC Had Warned Of Madoff : Genevievette Walker - Lightfoot , a lawyer in the SEC's Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations , sent e-mails to a supervisor , saying information provided by the ponzi schemer during her review did n't add up and suggesting a set of questions to ask his firm .
• SEC Moves to Make Companies More Accountable to Shareholders :
The initiatives are among the policies SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro is advocating to try to make companies more accountable to shareholders , largely by giving them greater say in proxy voting contests .
• FDIC to Issue Rules for Private Equity Deals :
The agency plans to issue new rules that could make it slightly easier for private equity firms to buy failed banks , according to people familiar with the agency ’s deliberations .
• A Boost for Those Burdened by Student Loan Debt :
There are a couple of new programs that could make student debts much lighter .
One of them is specifically designed to encourage young people to serve the public by working for federal , state or local governments , nonprofits or other public service employers .
• Happy Birthday GSA !:
The agency turned 60 years old yesterday .
• Army Using More Blogs , Wikis : Lt. Gen. William Caldwell provides the details .
Okay , now I remember why I do n’t do this every month .
It took me a while :
The measure of job losses in this chart is an attempt to adjust for the fact that the only good payroll employment numbers we have are for non-farm jobs , and in the 1930s a much higher percentage of Americans were still working on the farm .
To quote from an earlier post :
Sebastian Dartevelle , a scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory and an occasional reader of this blog , devised a simple way to correct that :
He came up with rough estimates of the total number of people who could work in 1929 ( those 14 and older ) and in 2007 ( those 16 and over ) , and divided the change in nonfarm employment in each downturn by the appropriate labor - force number .
This still is n’t a perfect measure .
In fact , it overstates the severity of job losses in the current recession vs. those in the depression ( because it assumes that no farmworkers lost their jobs in the 1930s ) .
But it ’s better than anything else I ’ve been able to come up with .
And if you choose as your start date not the month of peak employment , but the month when financial markets panicked ( October 1929 and October 2008 , which is handy because the data are n’t seasonally adjusted and starting at the same time of year makes for more of an apples - to - apples comparison ) the lines move alarmingly close together :
In the Great Depression , the job losses kept coming and coming , eventually peaking at more than 12 % of the “ labor - able ” population in March 1933 .
So things would have to keep getting worse and worse for a couple more years for this downturn to be truly comparable .
But the pace so far really is n’t all that different .
Isosten hankkiminen on ollut tänä kesänä haasteellista esimerkiksi Kemijärven seurakunnassa .
Poikaisosia on hankittu Turusta ja Tampereelta .
Myös hyvinkääläinen Tuomas Pouta kertoo lähtevänsä tänä kesänä Kemijärvelle .
- Kaverit hehkutti , että Kemijärvellä on vain vähän isospoikia ja jotkut joutuvat kahdelle leirille ihan putkeen .
Se on aika rankkaa fyysesti ja psyykkisestikin .
Ajattelin , että mä voisin lähteä kun kaveritkin on siellä .
Pouta on muuttanut reilu vuosi sitten Kemijärveltä Hyvinkäälle .
Matkustaminenkaan ei haittaa , sanoo Pouta .
- Ei se matkanteko paha ole kun on koko ikänsä käynyt pohjoisesta etelässä .
Se on jo verissä .
Isospoikien määrään Tuomas Pouta arvioi vaikuttavan sen , että isosena oleminen ei ole tarpeeksi katu- uskottavaa .
- Kyllähän siitä kommenttia kuulee aina .
Varmaan se poikien kohdalla vaikuttaa .
Poikia tarjolla entistä vähemmän
Kemijärven seurakunnan nuorisoty önohjaaja Julius Säteri kertoo , että poikaisosten määrässä on tänä kesänä ollut lasku .
- Heitä ei tahdo leireille omasta takaa löytyä .
Onneksi meillä on olemassa hyvät yhteydet muihin seurakuntiin ja sitä kautta voidaan saada isosia myös meidän leireille .
Myös Pellon seurakunnan pastori Paula Hagel kertoo , että erityisesti poika - isosten hankkiminen on ollut haasteellista .
Tänä kesänä isosjoukkoa Pellossa täydensi rovaniemeläinen vapaaehtoiseksi ilmoittautunut poika .
Pelkosennimen seurakunnasta kerrotaan puolestaan , että isosia saatiin tänä kesänä leirille vain kaksi , vaikka useampiakin olisi mielellään otettu .
Lähteet : YLE Uutiset / Suvi Sikstus
Day care operators jailed after children are found in shed Children found in day care ’s shed
Sealy facility 's operators arrested
Officials reported finding children hidden in this shed Wednesday at a Sealy in - home day care .
﻿ Gasoline , lawn equipment and insecticides were inside .
Officials do n’t know how often this happened .
Officials reported finding children hidden in this shed Wednesday at a Sealy in - home day care .
﻿ Gasoline , lawn equipment and insecticides were inside .
Officials do n’t know how often this happened .
Photo : Smiley N. Pool , Chronicle Photo : Smiley N. Pool , Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close
Day care operators jailed after children are found in shed 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Josh Romo wondered why his 2 - year - old daughter sometimes dreaded going to her day care in Sealy .
“ Now we know , ” he said Thursday after hearing news that state child welfare officials reported they found children stashed in a shed Wednesday at the Sealy in - home day care operation .
His daughter was among the children in the shed .
“ That lady ’s going to hate me when she sees me , ” the 31 - year - old father said about one of the day care center ’s owners .
“ Lock ’em up . ”
The children — locked in the storage shed with gasoline , lawn equipment and insecticides — appear to be unharmed , Sealy police said .
Freddie Patek and his wife , Marietta Patek , both 65 , who operate the facility , have been charged and are being held at the county jail , said Austin County District Attorney Travis Koehn .
Koehn said he is uncertain if keeping children in a shed and other areas of the house was common practice at the facility .
However , Koehn added that the child welfare inspectors were not allowed immediate access to the home .
14 children found
Koehn said that Freddie Patek is charged with tampering with physical evidence because he hid the children and Marietta Patek is charged with six counts of endangering a child .
“ It ’s really , really frightening about what could have happened , ” said Gwen Carter , spokeswoman for Texas Child Protective Services .
Officials said a concerned person Wednesday alerted the department that too many children were at the facility .
When department investigators visited the home , they found children inside a shed , in the backyard and several rooms in the home , Carter said .
Carter said that about 14 children — toddlers to preteens — were found at the facility , which is licensed to care for only three children at a time .
None injured
Paramedics examined the children and found them to be uninjured .
The children ’s parents were called to pick them up , and the facility was shut down pending the outcome of an investigation , Carter said .
Parents told investigators that the Pateks did not let them look inside the home , Carter said .
The inquiry could take up to 30 days .
Carter said Marietta
Patek once was registered to run a day care center at her home that could care for up to 12 children .
She closed that operation in 2001 .
In 2003 , she opened what was supposed to be a smaller - scale day care operation .
Neighbors defend them
Outside the large shuttered house in a leafy neighborhood , neighbors said that the Pateks have taken care of kids for decades .
Some called them foul - tempered , but others said they were pillars of the community .
“ They ’re model citizens , ” said Lana Gregor , who said she ’s known the family for more than 30 years .
“ They ’re very hard workers and a credit to this place . ”
Gregor and another neighbor , Sharla Bell , said they ’ve let the Pateks take care of their children .
At the Twisted Willow Floral Shop a few miles away , owner Lynette Lee said stuffing children in a shed was a “ poor choice . ”
But , she added , she was n’t mad at the Pateks , despite the fact that her infant niece was one of those found in the shed .
“ I ’m sure she was just trying to protect her livelihood , hiding them from CPS ’ eyes , ” Lee said , “ but they ’re good people . ”
dale.lezon@chron.com
moises.mendoza@chron.com
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Seven thousand new wind turbines may rise from land and sea by 2020
Ambitious plans to generate one third of UK electricity from renewables by 2020 form the centrepiece of government plans for a low carbon future .
Financial packages for wind and wave energy and changes to planning procedures are among key components of the Low Carbon Transition Plan .
" Smart " meters are to be deployed in 26 million homes by 2020 .
The government says the plan will create up to 400,000 " green jobs " without a major hike in energy prices .
" The strategies we are launching today outline the government 's vision for achieving a low carbon future for the UK , reshaping the way we live and work in every element of our lives , " said Business Secretary Lord Mandelson .
LOW CARBON PLAN
UK Low Carbon Transition Plan : Carbon Budgets Factsheet [ 289 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here " This is a challenge that every economy is facing , and we are determined that by setting clear policy now , Britain positions itself to benefit both economically and environmentally from the transition . "
The measures are designed to meet the UK target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 34 % from 1990 levels by 2020 , and the EU - derived target of producing 15 % of energy from renewable sources by the same date .
Currently , greenhouse gas emissions are about 22 % below the 1990 baseline , according to government figures , including cuts that companies have purchased through the EU Emission Trading Scheme ( ETS ) .
Every sector of the economy will be expected to cut emissions , although electricity generation and heavy industry will bear about half of the reductions .
Among the measures designed to stimulate expansion of renewable power are : up to £ 120 m to advance the offshore wind industry
up to £ 60 m to stimulate progress in wave and tidal technologies
£ 6 m to explore geothermal energy potential
a new facility to research nuclear technology
financial incentives for home generation
the government will exercise powers to speed up grid connection for renewable installations
While the renewables target is 30 % share of the electricity sector by 2020 , the low carbon target is 40 % - the difference implying a 10 % share for nuclear .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Seven thousand new wind turbines may rise from land and sea by 2020 ; and Climate and Energy Secretary Ed Miliband said resistance to the technology would have to change .
" It is important to be sensitive to people 's issues around wind power , " he told reporters .
" But our default position as a country needs to change .
The biggest threat to our beautiful countryside is n't wind turbines , it 's climate change . "
In addition , the mission of the regulator Ofgem will be expanded to include a mandate for cutting emissions .
Many observers believe the targets are stretchingly ambitious .
" We need a sixfold increase in renewable energy generation in just 11 years , " commented Tom Delay , chief executive of the Carbon Trust .
" This can be achieved but will require not just a transformation in technology , but in political , economic and industrial thinking . "
The government says these measures , when combined with an expansion in home insulation and smart meters , will not raise energy prices up to 2015 , though probably will do by 2020 .
From 2011 , the poorest households will receive mandatory help with fuel bills .
Outside energy and industry , transport emissions are to be tackled though a combination of better fuel efficiency on the road , electrification of the rail network , the use of sustainable biofuels , infrastructure for recharging electric vehicles in up to six cities , and measures designed to increase cycling .
Farmers will be asked - and encouraged - to cut emissions by changing agricultural practices , paying for the creation of woodland , and support for facilities that use farm waste for energy .
The government believes the changes will usher in a new post - recession era of sustainable green growth .
Ministers also say the plan puts the UK in a leadership role in the months leading up to December 's critically important UN climate summit in Copenhagen .
But while generally welcoming the plan , campaigners suggested it did not go far enough .
" The government 's plans are good news for UK energy security , jobs and progress towards a low carbon economy , " said Christian Aid 's climate policy expert Alison Doig .
" Our fear is that they will not achieve enough to help keep the global temperature rise below 2C ( 3.6 F ) and safeguard people in developing countries from dangerous climate change .
We also question whether the government has shown enough ambition to inspire courageous commitments by other industrialised countries . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Political hard - liners warned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Tuesday that he could be deposed like past Iranian leaders if he continued to defy the country ’s supreme religious leader .
The implied threat was the latest evidence of the rift within Iran ’s conservative camp and could serve to further sap the authority of a president already considered illegitimate by reformists .
The Islamic Society of Engineers , a political group close to parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani , warned in an open letter to Ahmadinejad that he could suffer the same fate as Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh , who was deposed in 1953 in a CIA - backed coup with the acquiescence of the clergy .
The letter also cites the experience of President Abolhassan Bani-Sadr , who was ousted in 1981 and fled the country after he fell out with the Islamic Republic ’s founder , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
Both leaders had been elected by huge margins .
Advertisement
“ It seems you want to be the sole speaker and do not want to hear other voices , ” the group ’s letter says , noting that recent actions by Ahmadinejad have frustrated his own supporters .
“ Therefore it is our duty to convey to you the voice of the people . ”
Meanwhile , Iranians braced for another round of clashes between protesters and security personnel after the Interior Ministry rejected a request to allow supporters of opposition figure Mir-Hossein Mousavi to gather at a large Tehran mosque on Thursday .
The protest is meant to commemorate those slain in the unrest that followed Ahmadinejad ’s disputed reelection victory over Mousavi and two other challengers in June 12 balloting .
In response to the permit denial , Mousavi ’s supporters began circulating routes for unauthorized marches and candlelight vigils to mark the religiously significant 40th day after the deaths of those killed at June 20 demonstrations , including Neda Agha - Soltan , whose slaying , captured on videotape , drew worldwide condemnation .
Dozens have been killed since the election and hundreds arrested , most recently including Ali Maqami , a campaigner for reformist candidate Mehdi Karroubi , who was arrested at his home Monday and taken to Tehran ’s Evin Prison , news websites reported .
Advertisement
Lawmaker Kazem Jalali said 140 prisoners arrested during the unrest had since been released and that only 200 remained in Evin , far below the number estimated by international observers .
“ Those who were released had committed lighter offenses , ” he said , according to the semiofficial Iranian Labor News Agency .
Human rights lawyer Shadi Sadr was freed Tuesday on $ 500,000 bail , according to reformist websites .
But other well - known Iranian political figures remained behind bars .
Advertisement
Officials said supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Monday ordered the closure of the Kahrizak detention center , described by some as Iran ’s Guantanamo because it was not under the control of the State Prisons Organization .
According to a reformist website , it has been supervised by deputy national police chief and former Revolutionary Guard commander Brig .
Gen. Ahmad Reza Radan .
Witnesses told Mowjcamp.com that the facility lacked proper ventilation and that prisoners were beaten by ruthless interrogators .
“ The closure of Kahrizak detention center had been decided before the election , but postelection events made it necessary to keep it open , ” Iran ’s prosecutor - general , Qorban Ali Dori-Najafabadi , told local news media .
“ Finally , the supreme leader was informed of poor sanitation and other problems for detainees , and he ordered its closure . ”
Amid the uproar , Ahmadinejad wrote a letter to the judiciary demanding “ maximum Muslim leniency ” toward those detained , acknowledging that the “ duration of the detentions has been more than normal , ” a striking departure from the government ’s insistence all along that detainees were well treated .
While Ahmadinejad ’s reelection has angered supporters of the opposition , his postelection actions have also enraged fellow conservatives , in particular his attempts to buck Khamenei ’s order to dump a controversial vice president and his firing of Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejei .
“ His reckless actions indicate quite well that the president does not understand what security challenges we are grappling with , ” lawmaker Parviz Sorouri told the Mehr news agency .
Advertisement
Conservatives are also bothered by Ahmadinejad ’s push to broadcast the confessions of detainees , local media reported .
His supporters see airing the confessions as a way to discredit and silence reformists and protesters , a tactic used extensively by hard - liners in the early 1980s .
But conservatives say televised confessions could prove politically explosive and appear dangerously out of step with the national mood .
Several local news outlets said Mohseni - Ejei , along with state television chief Ezatollah Zarghami , clergy and judiciary officials , has been locked in a backroom fight with Ahmadinejad over the airing of such confessions .
Over the weekend , one lawmaker sternly warned authorities not to broadcast confessions obtained in prison .
Advertisement
“ Broadcasting confessions can only add to public awareness if they are made under normal conditions , not if they are extracted under irregular circumstances , ” Ali Motahari told Press TV , according to an article on the website of the state - owned broadcaster .
“ The arrests may have been legal , but the important thing is how individuals were treated during interrogation , whether Islamic code was maintained , and whether they suffered any emotional , psychological or physical pressure or not . ”
Human rights groups and former prisoners say authorities typically extract the videotaped confessions after holding detainees in solitary confinement or following grueling interrogations that sometimes include physical abuse .
The prisoners are often told what to read .
In recent years , many said during the interrogations that they were foreign dupes , only to disavow the remarks later .
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Previous Post :
« WSJ on Department of Justice DOMA Brief and HRC Letter
White Sox Mark Buehrle Throws Perfect Game Chicago pitcher throws first perfect game in five years , his second no hitter .
July 23 , 2009  -- Chicago White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle took the mound today for an afternoon start against the Tampa Bay Rays and walked off hours later as just the 18th pitcher in Major League Baseball to throw a perfect game , the first in five years .
The 5 - 0 win was the 30 - year - old 's second career no hitter , making him just the sixth in MLB history to throw both a perfect game and a no-hitter .
His first no hitter was hurled in a 6 - 0 win over the Texas Rangers April 18 , 2007 .
Buehrle 's 27 - up , 27 - down victory over the Rays was also the first perfect game to be pitched for the White Sox since 1922 .
The highlight of the six - strikeout shutout against last year 's American League champions was centerfielder Dewayne Wise 's wall - scaling 9th inning catch , which ultimately preserved Buehrle 's efforts .
Tampa's Gabe Kapler launched a long fly ball to left - centerfield , but Wise scaled the wall and pulled the ball back into the field of play , babbling it briefly before it settled into his glove .
" I was hoping it was staying in there , give him enough room to catch it .
I know the guys were doing everything they could to save the no-hitter , the perfect game , whatever it might be , " Buehrle told ESPN .
After the game he was treated to congratulation from one of the team 's biggest fans , President Obama .
Obama called Buehrle from his motorcade after an event in Ohio this afternoon and congratulated him on the " extraordinary achievement . "
President Obama Calls White Sox Mark Buehrle
Obama joked with Buehrle that perhaps the pitcher had gotten gained some luck from the fact that Obama wore a White Sox team jacket when he threw out the first pitch at last week 's Major League Baseball All Star Game .
" As a fan it 's extraordinary .
When you 're a White Sox fan and I know the guy who did it , it makes it even more fun , " Obama said in a conversation with White house Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
The victory puts Buehrle in an elite group of perfect game pitchers , including legends like Cy Young , Sandy Koufax , David Wells and Randy Johnson .
Please note that this post was contributed by guest blogger Ed Page .
I ’ve read this New Yorker Profile of George Meyer about a gazillion times .
I love it so much I cuddle with it at night .
When I ’m feeling blue , I sing to it .
Sometimes , when no one is looking , I lick it .
If you do n’t know who George Meyer is , the following excerpt will clear things up :
Several years ago , Entertainment Weekly ran an effusive review of the television show “ The Simpsons . ”
The review ’s author , Ken Tucker , singled out a particular episode as “ a masterpiece of tiny , throwaway details that accumulate into a worldview . ”
That episode was written by Jon Vitti , who at the time was one of the show ’s most talented and prolific writers .
“ The article quoted five jokes from the show , ” Vitti told me afterward .
“ It was extremely flattering except that I had n’t written any of those jokes . ”
Everything Tucker quoted from the episode was actually the work of a colleague of Vitti ’s named George Meyer .
“ That kind of thing happens to all the show ’s writers all the time , ” Vitti said .
‘ A show that you have the writer ’s credit for will run , and the next day people will come up to you and tell you how great it was .
Then they ’ll mention their two favorite lines , and both of them will be George’s . ”
Meyer began writing for “ The Simpsons ” late in 1989 , a few months before the show ’s premiere , on Fox .
The credits in recent years have listed him as one of several executive producers , but no title could adequately describe his role .
He has so thoroughly shaped the program that by now the comedic sensibility of “ The Simpsons ” could be viewed as mostly his .
Mike Scully , who shares Meyer ’s title and serves as the program ’s “ show runner , ” or editor - in - chief , talked to me about Meyer not long ago in his office at Fox .
“ George is the best comedy writer in Hollywood , ” he said .
“ When I first came to work here , seven years ago , he just blew me away .
I had done a lot of sitcom work before , but George ’s stuff was so different and so original that for a while I wondered if I was n’t in over my head . ”
On other sitcoms , Scully explained , the dialogue is highly predictable , and the same kinds of setups inevitably lead to the same kinds of jokes .
“ The writers on those shows get to the point where they can almost write scripts in their sleep , ” he said .
“ George completely changed my approach , and I ’m a much better writer as a result .
People are always asking why ‘ The Simpsons ’ is still so good after all these years , and , at the risk of pissing off all the other writers , I think I ’d have to say that the main reason is probably George . ”
In the late eighties , Meyer created a humor magazine called Army Man :
On the side , Meyer published a small , offbeat humor magazine called Army Man , whose subtitle was “ America ’s Only Magazine . ”
Meyer created Army Man partly to avoid working on the Letterman script , but in some ways it proved to be the most fulfilling creative project he had ever undertaken .
Army Man was at the opposite end of the entertainment spectrum from a network television show .
The first issue ( there would eventually be three ) contained eight typed pages and was written almost entirely by him .
He laid it out on his bed and printed just two hundred copies , which he gave away to friends .
Despite its modest appearance , Army Man attracted a surprisingly broad and loyal following .
It made Rolling Stone ’s Hot List in 1989 , and for years it circulated in samizdat on college campuses .
“ The only rule was that the stuff had to be funny and pretty short , ” Meyer told me .
“ To me , the quintessential Army Man joke was one of John Swartzwelder ’s : ‘ They can kill the Kennedys .
Why ca n’t they make a cup of coffee that tastes good ? ’
It ’s a horrifying idea juxtaposed with something really banal — and yet there ’s a kind of logic to it .
It ’s illuminating because it ’s kind of how Americans see things :
Life ’s a big jumble , but somehow it leads to something I can consume .
I love that . ”
( Meyer is the only person I know who can deconstruct a joke without killing it . )
Army Man eventually became a victim of its own success .
Meyer was overwhelmed with submissions , and he hated having to reject contributions from friends .
He was also approached by would - be investors , who wanted to take Army Man national or turn it into a television show .
He eventually realized that what to him were the magazine ’s best features — its small size and its simplicity — were probably doomed .
He also suddenly found himself with much less time on his hands .
One of Army Man ’s biggest fans turned out to be Sam Simon , who is one of the three original executive producers of “ The Simpsons . ”
That program was just getting under way when the first issue came out , and Simon , who needed to build a writing staff in a hurry , was captivated .
He tracked down Meyer and hired him and several of his contributors , including Swartzwelder and Jon Vitti .
“ Sam got quite a bit of his staff from the list of credits in Army Man , ” one of the show ’s former producers told me .
“ In a sense , that little magazine was the father of the show . ”
Here are some excerpts from Army Man :
You can make fun all you want , but when a zebra talks , people listen .
STRAY DIALOGUE
“ The Nobel Prize !
Gee , thanks , fellas ! ”
“ Aw , you ’re throwing up like a girl . ”
“ He ’s got coffee lodged in his mouth !
Quick , tell him a joke ! ”
AN AMUSING ANECDOTE
My wife and I rent a small cottage on the shimmering shores of Lake Superior every summer .
The rustic little bungalow is made of rough - hewn logs chinked with mud , and the front door opens onto an unequaled vista of towering evergreens and azure water — just the thing to settle the nerves of an addled contestant in the “ rat race . ”
Last summer my wife and I were merrily preparing a hearty supper of fresh - caught trout and corn on the cob , when who should wander up but a little old man with a bulging knapsack strapped to his ancient back .
He looked like a crusty forest tracker from the days of Lewis and Clark .
Hailing us from a distance , he approached our modest lakeside cabin and extended his weathered hand in greeting .
Bending forward under the weight of his burden , he whispered something in my ear .
It was an amusing anecdote !
Discouraging news from researchers at John Hopkins : Hope causes cancer .
GONE , ALL GONE
Do you still have the adorable crayon drawings you made in kindergarten ?
I do n’t .
Not a one .
Which means that at one point , many years ago , the following thoughts must ’ve gone through my mother ’s mind : “ Hmm , what ’s this ?
Oh , I see .
It ’s that irreplaceable drawing by my firstborn son … the one he proudly brought home from school .
I ’ll just put this in the garbage . ”
Then , as time went by : “ Oh , another one of my child ’s drawings .
What is it that I do with these again ?
Oh , yes — I throw them in the trash .
That ’s right . ”
Eventually , her brain probably got it down to “ Art — Son — Trash . ”
And on the days when my mom was sick , and did n’t get around to throwing my artwork away , my dad would do it .
I ’m not bitter .
I know they had good reasons for discarding virtually everything I ever drew , wrote , collected or pasted together during my one and only childhood .
I love my parents .
There ’s nothing I would n’t do for them .
SEMPER FIDO
They taught a dog to catch nuclear weapons in its mouth .
It took a lot of training , but it seemed like the way to avoid both computer error and stoned human recklessness .
She got so adept at fielding them on the fly that people took to firing off nuclear weapons thoughtlessly , just to show their pique , since they knew in their hearts Duchess would catch them .
They wanted credit for the gesture .
The earth had a kind of peace for about a decade , but of course the time came , stomach cancer , something from the casings on the bombs , and Duchess died .
You would have thought someone would have trained another dog to catch nuclear weapons in its mouth but it was a careless era , and now people were in the habit of loosing the missiles .
Did the earth survive ?
You can find the answer at your local library .
A “ LAKELY ” STORY
My friend from Michigan says if you pushed all the Great Lakes together they ’d be as big as the Mediterranean .
I say , why bother ?
BRIDE : ( QUIETLY , TEARFUL ) Ladies and gentlemen …
I ’m afraid there wo n’t be a wedding after all .
Because , you see… my fiance has … has died .
HECKLER FROM BACK PEW : Louder !
BRIDE : ( LOUDER , ALMOST HYSTERICAL )
My fiance has died !
ANOTHER HECKLER : Funnier !
THE ROYAL VISITOR
When Prince Charles came to our house , his staff told us that he had decided to have a typical home - cooked American meal .
My mom had n’t counted on this , so each of us had to whip up one all - American dish , quick - like .
I chose an easy one — pork ‘ n ’ beans .
But as I tossed the can in the trash , I started to feel a little guilty .
After all , baked beans were pretty dull , even for us .
I figured I should class them up a bit , so I removed the usual blob of pork fat and replaced it with a nice lean chunk of pork tenderloin , grilled to perfection .
We all huddled in the kitchen as the Prince dined alone .
When he had finished the meal , and two cups of Yuban , his reaction was relayed to us by his personal secretary .
He found the food “ delightful . ”
His only complaint was that the pork in the pork ‘ n ’ beans was a bit greasy .
I was furious .
Ignoring everyone ’s pleas , I stormed into the dining room and confronted our “ royal ” visitor .
I really let him have it .
“ You ’ve got a helluva nerve , buddy !
You come into our house and start giving orders like you ’re the Queen of England or something .
Who died and made you king ?
Awwwwwwwww , so the pork was n’t up to your “ royal standards ” — Boo-hoo !
That ’s the saddest story ever told !
“ I ’ve got news for you , pal .
Most people never even see any pork in their pork ‘ n ’ beans !
The most they can hope for is a hunk of pork fat !
So if “ Your Majesty ” did n’t find it “ acceptable ” that ’s just too damn bad .
Because that ’s the best we have to offer , and we are n’t about to apologize for it ! ”
The Prince was stunned .
Clearly , no one had ever dared speak to him in this manner .
For a moment , his jaw worked soundlessly in his crimson face .
Then he sprang out of his chair and got me in a headlock .
I tried to bend his fingers back , but he was much stronger than I ’d imagined .
He tightened the grip on my windpipe until my head swam and I passed out .
When I came to , I was still in the headlock , only now the Prince was kneeing me in the face .
Desperately , I grabbed at his hair , only to feel a stab of pain as his teeth sank into my thumb .
I could feel myself starting to black out again .
Why was n’t my family helping me ?
As I began to lose consciousness , the awful truth finally hit me .
He had bought them off with his enormous wealth !
SILVER LINING
Eighteen months ago , doctors at Mercy Hospital told Manny Hofstedter he would never walk again .
Sadly , they were right .
Hofstedter is still in a wheelchair .
The good news is that his three doctors will receive the prestigious Lundberg Prize for Diagnostic Excellence .
WHY I LOVE AMERICA
Why do I love America ?
Well , maybe “ love ” is a little strong …
I mean , I think it ’s a good country .
Definitely .
But a lot of that is ’ cause I was born here , and have n’t seen that many other countries .
Canada and Mexico , that ’s about it .
I hear Sweden is really great .
Man , I ’d move there in a second .
Just do n’t have the bucks .
If you thought you had trouble with stage fright , think about a bullet .
It waits and waits in the dark until it gets that tap , and then boom — it ’s showtime !
THE TRUE STORY OF WHAT HAPPENED TO ME I remember I was hammering on a fence in the west pasture when Papa approached .
He was carrying a letter or something in his hand , and he looked worried .
I continued to hammer as he came toward me .
“ Son , ” he said , “ why are you hammering on that fence ?
It already has plenty of nails in it . ”
“ Oh , I ’m not using nails , Papa , ” I replied .
“ I ’m just hammering . ”
With that , I returned to my hammering .
Papa asked me to stop hammering , as he had some news .
I did stop hammering , but first I got a couple more hammers in , and this seemed to make Papa mad .
“ I said , stop hammering ! ” he yelled .
I think he felt bad for yelling at me , especially since it looked like he had bad news .
“ Look , ” he said , “ you can hammer later , but first – ” Well , I did n’t even wait to hear the rest .
As soon as I heard “ You can hammer , ” that ’s what I started doing .
Hammering away , happy as an old hammer dog .
Papa tried to physically stop me from hammering by inserting a small log of some sort between my hammer and the fence .
But I just kept on hammering , ’ cause that ’s the way I am when I get that hammer going .
Then , he just grabbed my arm and made me stop .
“ I ’m afraid I have some news for you , ” he said .
I swear , what I did next was not hammering .
I was just letting the hammer swing lazily at arm ’s length , and maybe it tapped the fence once or twice , but that ’s all .
That apparently did n’t make any difference whatsoever to Papa , because he just grabbed my hammer out of my hand and flung it across the field .
When I saw my hammer flying helplessly through the air like that , I just could n’t take it .
I burst out crying , I admit it .
And I ran to the house , as fast as my legs could take me .
“ Son , come back ! ” yelled Papa .
“ What about your hammer ? ! ”
But I could not have cared less about hammering at that point .
I ran into the house and flung myself onto my bed , pounding the bed with my fists .
I pounded and pounded , until finally , behind me , I heard a voice .
“ As long as you ’re pounding , why not use this ? ” I turned , and it was Papa , holding a brand - new solid - gold hammer .
I quickly wiped the tears from my eyes and ran to Papa ’s outstretched arms .
But suddenly , Papa jumped out of the way , and I went sailing through the second - story window behind him .
Whenever I hear about a kid getting in trouble with drugs , I like to tell him this story .
Here ’s something from Army Man that was written by Ian Frazier :
MY IDEAL WOMAN I want to describe for you my Ideal Woman .
My Ideal Woman has slim hips , powerful thighs , sinewy calves , a narrow waist , a flat stomach with taut lines of muscle , a broad , powerful chest , wide shoulders , bulging biceps , jack - hammer - like forearms , a bull - like neck , and a drooping , veined pecker with a livid , velvety fire - helmet top — an opalescent drop of pre-cum winking at the droop - lipped meatus slit — and two pendulous balls heavy with hot bloatum .
Call me a dreamer , if you will , but I believe my Ideal Woman is out there , somewhere , and I ’m not going to stop looking until I find her .
When Army Man suspended publication , Meyer sent subscribers the following letter , dated July 22 , 1990 :
Dear Reader ,
I have some news for you , and I ’m not going to sugar - coat it .
I might varnish it … no , I ’m not even going to varnish it .
Army Man is suspending publication .
Many of you will brand me a deserter , or even a coward .
But since I moved to L.A. to work on “ The Simpsons , ” I just ca n’t find the time .
America ’s best - loved grotesques have their ugly fangs in me and wo n’t turn loose .
Many thanks to everyone who contributed money and matÃ ¯Â ¿Â½riel .
If we keep up our morale , we can regroup and fight again .
To paraphrase Gen. Douglas MacArthur , “ I shall , if circumstances permit , and no one objects too strenuously , return . ”
Love ,
George
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
With the economy the way it is , many people are ( rightfully ) concerned about their credit report , since that can and does determine a wide range of financial issues ( including interest rates on credit cards , mortgage payments , etc ) .
Â
It is no wonder that the topic of credit scores and reports has obtained such a high level of popularity lately .
Â
This guide will explain the difference between the two and will point the reader in the right direction to obtain a free credit score and report .
What is a Credit Score ?
A Credit Report ?
While it seems that the two are the same , they are not , in fact , synonyms .
Â
A credit report is a summary or record of your financial history that includes all transactions you 've had throughout your life .
Â
These can include taking and repaying loans , using ( and abusing ) credit cards , owing money to a collection agency , or any other financial transaction you undertake .
Â Defaulting on any kind of financial obligation also impacts your credit report .
Â
The credit report will generally contain your basic financial information along with a record of all your transactions and their outcome .
Â
If you have had a regular payment , such as a car payment , it will record the history of your payments and will indicate if any of them have been late .
Â
For loans , they can track if you 've paid and if you 've ever defaulted on a loan or had a forebearance .
A credit score is basically a numerical representation of the credit report information , and ranges vary depending on which credit bureau creates them .
A FICO score , for example , ranges from 300 - 850 ; a VantageScore ranges from 501-990 .
Â
The higher the score the better it is .
Where Do I Go For These ?
Federal law ( in the United States at least ) allows each individual in the United States to ask for and receive a free credit report from each of the three main bureaus : TransUnion , Experian , and Equifax .
Â
These credit reports can be obtained annually .
Â
For a credit score , however , an individual must generally pay for that service .
Â
Please note that checking your credit score and report can have an adverse effect if you do it too often , although the above free reports should n't have that effect .
You can go to http://annualcreditreport.com to receive your reports .
It must be noted that this site differs from http://freecreditreport.com, which is not affiliated with the government and is a pay - for - service website .
Â
If you would like to sign up for credit monitoring , you may purchase this service there , but this is not the website for free annual reports .
Mike Walter ONE BAD BALL : A white phosphorus " sun " is made by burning white phosphorus in an oxygen atmosphere .
The smoke is phosphorus pentoxide .
Topics Covered THEO GRAY'S MAD SCIENCE : Experiments You Can Do at Home — But Probably Should n't , by Theodore Gray , Black Dog & Leventhal Publishers , 2009 , 240 pages , $ 24.95 hardcover ( ISBN : 978-157-9127-91-6 )
Text Size A A
When I was asked to review " Theo Gray 's Mad Science : Experiments You Can Do At Home — But Probably Shouldn't , " by Theodore Gray , my first thought was to begin with a cute comment disputing the title and suggesting that everyone really should try all of these experiments at home .
Then I flipped open the book to a random page and was quickly disabused of that notion .
Among the eclectic assortment of experiments are more than a few that you really do n't want to try at home — unless you do n't mind burning the house down or having your door kicked in by drug enforcement agents in full body armor .
Gray 's no-holds - barred book is a glorious assortment of the kinds of chemistry and physics experiments that hearken back to the " good old days " when things were a lot more relaxed .
Back then , kids rode their bicycles without helmets and pads and still somehow survived .
No one worried about terrorists , drugs were something you bought at the drugstore , and we had " better living through chemistry . "
And kids learned about chemistry and physics by doing hands - on experiments , many of them more than a little dangerous .
Nowadays , we as a society have grown timid , cowed by the irrational fears that are continually stoked by the government and media : Chemicals are dangerous .
Science experiments are dangerous .
Safety first .
Avoid risks at all costs .
We have to keep our kids completely safe , even if that also means that their only exposure to science will be from watching videos and demonstrations .
Not that videos and demonstrations do n't have their place , of course , especially for experiments that are truly dangerous or that require chemicals or equipment that are expensive or difficult to obtain .
And it is exactly those types of experiments that Gray features in his book .
Kids who are destined to become scientists have always liked to burn things down and blow things up , and this book caters to that inclination in spades .
One experiment , for example , uses white phosphorus , an extremely dangerous chemical that for all practical purposes has been unavailable to home scientists for decades .
Another experiment uses 30 lb of liquid mercury — this in an age when breaking a mercury lab thermometer demands immediate evacuation of the building and calling in a hazardous materials cleanup crew in space suits .
Still other experiments use oxyacetylene and oxyhydrogen torches ; a high - voltage , high - amperage capacitor bank ; and an electric - arc refractory furnace .
Not to mention the experiment that uses the thermite reaction to produce white - hot molten titanium metal in a flowerpot , of all things .
Mad science , indeed , but just the kind of thing that gets kids seriously interested in science .
As a teenager 40 years ago , I watched experiments like these up - close - and - personal in school science classes and did many similar experiments in my own home laboratory .
In today 's safety - conscious society , few kids will have the opportunity to watch such experiments being done , let alone do them themselves .
Enter Gray 's book , which in some ways is actually better than watching live demonstrations of these dangerous experiments .
It lacks the sounds and smells and tactile experiences of a live demonstration , of course , but it makes up for that with stunning high - resolution photographs that capture the decisive moments of these experiments , revealing details frozen in time that would be missed by those watching a live demonstration or even watching a video of that demonstration .
But this book is far more than just a collection of gee - whiz chemistry and physics demonstrations captured in images and text .
Gray 's narrative descriptions are well written , crisp , and fascinating , revealing some of the history behind each of the experiments and many interesting details about the underlying science .
Kids of any age with even the slightest interest in science — which is to say almost any kid — will find things to pique their interest here .
Kids who are already fascinated by science will find much here to reinforce that interest .
Of course , the perceived danger is a big part of the lure .
Kids who are destined to become scientists have always liked to burn things down and blow things up , and this book caters to that inclination in spades .
When I showed my review copy of this book to our neighbors ' six - year - old son , I expected him to show some interest .
But when I left half an hour later , he was still sitting there , paging through the book , his eyes glued to it , and periodically shouting " Wow ! Cool ! "
I gave him the book and got another copy for myself — a small price to pay to encourage a budding scientist .
Although most of the experiments in this book are impractical to reproduce at home — either because they are extremely dangerous or because they require chemicals and equipment that are difficult to obtain , or both — Gray includes many useful experiments that present only moderate hazards and can be done with readily available chemicals and equipment .
The following are among my favorites in this category :
Making ice cream with dry ice obtained from a CO 2 fire extinguisher
fire extinguisher Making hydrogen by electrolysis of water
Building a gravity - cell battery
Burning metal ( steel wool pads )
Catalytic oxidation of propane
Burning magnesium ribbon in a carbon dioxide atmosphere
Anodizing titanium
Building a cloud chamber
Etching metals to reveal their crystalline structures
Preserving snowflakes with Super Glue
Copper - plating an iPod
Making sodium acetate sculptures
Of course , many people will be concerned about the manifest safety issues raised by such a book .
Gray takes a sane approach to safety , placing ultimate responsibility where it belongs , squarely on the reader .
He points out that safety depends on knowing what one is doing — and that what may be relatively safe for him to do is not necessarily at all safe for an inexperienced reader to attempt .
Gray recommends that if you do n't know exactly what you 're doing — if you have n't done the experiment you 're contemplating doing or something very like it already — either do n't do it or get an experienced person to supervise .
He explicitly warns : " This book does not tell you enough to do all of the experiments safely ! " but without saying exactly which experiments he 's referring to .
And that 's actually all to the good , because the particular experiments for which this warning is relevant will differ from reader to reader .
Gray does provide some safety warnings .
Of the 54 experiments in the book , Gray has flagged about two dozen with " real danger alert " boxes .
It 's tempting to assume that these flagged experiments are the truly dangerous ones and should be avoided by home scientists , but that 's not necessarily true .
One of the flagged experiments , for example , involves reacting a post - 1982 penny with hardware store muriatic acid ( 28 to 31.45 % hydrochloric acid ) to remove the zinc core , leaving only the paper - thin copper foil coating .
Another experiment is flagged because it involves melting sulfur for doing wood inlays .
Those experiments and several others that are flagged actually present minimal risks , assuming the experimenter wears proper gloves and goggles .
Conversely , some of the unflagged experiments , which many readers would presume to be relatively safe to perform , use table saws and other high - speed power tools .
SCIENCE FOR KIDS
If you 're lacking the experience recommended before attempting the enticing experiments in " Theo Gray 's Mad Science " — and if children are involved — the American Chemical Society 's website " Science for Kids " ( www.acs.org/kids) is a safer bet .
Eight categories consisting of Chemical & Physical Change ; Characteristics of Materials ; Solids , Liquids & Gases ; Motion & Energy ; Planet Earth ; Your Body ; Art & Toys ; and What Chemists
Do allow for learning through various experiments and activities .
Additionally , kids can solve puzzles , play games , and read articles .
Many of these features are available in Spanish .
— Arlene Goldberg - Gist
The only real safety concern I have with this book is that Gray recommends wearing " safety glasses " to protect your eyes .
That 's fine for those experiments that produce particle impact hazards , but most working chemists would agree that safety glasses are inadequate protection for working with hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide , and other corrosive chemicals .
In experiments where such chemical hazards exist , Gray should recommend , at a minimum , wearing approved laboratory splash goggles , and for some of the experiments it would not be overkill to supplement those goggles with a full face shield .
I 've spoken about this concern with the author , who agrees and has contacted his publisher about revising this when the book is reprinted .
That one issue aside , this book has my unqualified endorsement .
Most adults , even those with no science background , will be fascinated by it .
But it 's young people who really need to be exposed to the mad science of Theo Gray .
So , do a kid a favor .
When you order a copy for yourself , order a second copy for a deserving child .
You may be starting that child on a path to winning the 2049 Nobel Prize in Chemistry , Physics , or Medicine .
Robert Bruce Thompson is the author of numerous books and articles about science and technology , including most recently the " Illustrated Guide to Home Chemistry Experiments : All Lab , No Lecture , " and the forthcoming " Illustrated Guide to Forensics Investigations : Uncover Evidence in your Home , Lab , or Basement . "
He maintains a website devoted to home science at http://forums.homesciencelab.com.
Google 's announcement of the Chrome OS yesterday was , although far from cryptic , lacking in information .
Simple , fast , Linux - based and netbook - capable was about all we got from the blog post .
Google has tossed another tidbit our way in the form of a list of partners .
Here 's the block quote :
The Google Chrome OS team is currently working with a number of technology companies to design and build devices that deliver an extraordinary end user experience .
Among others , these companies include Acer , Adobe , ASUS , Freescale , Hewlett - Packard , Lenovo , Qualcomm , Texas Instruments , and Toshiba .
This is interesting , and not just because of the netbook makers in there .
Google 's list includes some manufacturers of the essential internals for netbooks and notebooks alike : Qualcomm makes wifiWi-Fi cellular chips , Texas Instruments makes everything from ARM processors to tiny projectors , and Toshiba not only makes notebooks but also a lot of the gubbins inside .
This looks to us like the Goog is getting serious about compatiblity issues , as well as teeing - up some partnerships to make sure its new OS actually arrives on some computers .
It is n't the same desperate situation as that of Android , where almost no handsets are available more than a year after the OS was revealed .
For phones , you need to convince a carrier to load up the OS .
With Chrome , us nerds at least will be able to download and install it ourselves .
Google Chrome OS - FAQ [ Google Chrome Blog ]
See Also :
Photo illustration : Charlie Sorrel / Wired.com
Original photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
NetBSD - Announce archive
Announcing NetBSD 5.0.1
To : netbsd-announce%NetBSD.org@localhost
: Subject : Announcing NetBSD 5.0.1
: From : Soren Jacobsen < snj%NetBSD.org@localhost >
: Date : Sun , 2 Aug 2009 20:48:30 +0000
On behalf of the NetBSD developers , I am pleased to announce that NetBSD 5.0.1 is now available for download .
NetBSD 5.0.1 is the first security / critical update of the NetBSD 5.0 release branch .
It represents a selected subset of fixes deemed critical in nature for security or stability reasons .
All users are encouraged to upgrade .
Please note that due to changes in pkg_install , users upgrading from previous releases are strongly encouraged to run " pkg_admin rebuild " after the upgrade is complete .
For full details , please see the release notes at : http://www.NetBSD.org/releases/formal-5/NetBSD-5.0.1.html
ISO images can be downloaded using BitTorrent , and we encourage users who wish to install via ISO images to take advantage of this , as the images are well seeded .
http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/torrents/
Complete source and binaries for NetBSD 5.0.1 are available for download at many sites around the world .
A list of download sites providing FTP , AnonCVS , and other services may be found at : http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/
We are very grateful to all of those who donated during the 2007 fund drive , which brought us many of the great advances made in the last two years .
We would like to remind everyone that we are in the middle of a fund drive with a target of 60,000 USD by the end of the year .
For more information on how you can help NetBSD reach this goal , see http://www.NetBSD.org/donations/
The NetBSD Foundation would like to thank all those who have contributed code , hardware , documentation , funds , colocation for our servers , web pages and other documentation , release engineering , and other resources over the years .
More information on the people who make NetBSD happen is available at : http://www.NetBSD.org/people/
We would like to especially thank the University of California at Berkeley and the GNU Project for particularly large subsets of code that we use .
We would also like to thank the Internet Systems Consortium Inc. , the Network Security Lab at Columbia University 's Computer Science Department , and Ludd ( Luleaa Academic Computer Society ) computer society at Luleaa University of Technology for current colocation services .
Many of you out there know and love Pokémon the tv show .
I did as well , once upon a time .
A time when the neophyte Pokémon trainer , Ash , was a stubborn ten year old trying to make something of himself , and held high hopes to become Pokémon master .
As I grew older so did the show and in turn Ash .
The basic structure was simple .
Ash , with his trusted first pokemon Pikachu , would find some trouble , maybe catch a pokemon ( or somehow luckily “ catch ” one through a trial of love and devotion ) , make some friends , win a badge , and repeat .
As repetitive as it seems , it worked .
You learned to love the quirkiness of Pikachu and Ash ’s stubborn and headstrong aspirations .
He seemed relatable , funny , and real .
I could n’t wait to see how the show developed in my future years .
But then I started to notice something .
As the years passed Pokemon received more attention , and was becoming a global phenomenon .
So to appease this new base , the producers toned the show down a little and added more emphasis on morals and such .
Many inconsistencies started to show and so began the embers of my anger .
And here we are now , my rant , I hope u enjoy !?! ;)
Ok so here we go ( deep breath ) ........
Ash has got to stop being a little punk bitch , grow a beard , and take some damn Nootropics [ Let me save you a trip to Google -- Nootropics , also referred to as smart drugs , memory enhancers , and cognitive enhancers , are drugs , supplements , nutraceuticals , and functional foods that are purported to improve mental functions such as cognition , memory , intelligence , motivation , attention , and concentration . ]
All his talk about love and caring , and the fucking asshole leaves his best fucking Pokémon to either train , protect , and other ridiculous fucking reasons .
Do n't get me wrong in the earlier seasons these ideas were n't bad .
Oh he left Charizard to train , so he ’s gonna be fucking beast later on when ash gets him back ... right ?
Other than a few sparse episodes , Ash practically forgets he has one of the best damn Pokémon in the constantly continent adding world they live on .
Even when Charizard did come back , it was depressing how little he had changed .
He seemed almost weaker than his punk ass self from back in the day .
Do n't even get me started on Pidgeot ... I 'll do it anyway ....
WHAT THE FUCK !!!
As a recap , Ash leaves Pidgeot , just before he goes off to the Orange Islands , to fend for a rag tag group of Pidgy 's and Pidgeotto's .
He says , and I quote , " we 'll be back as soon as we get Professor Oak ’s pokeball ! "
( See for yourself . )
And so does he keep his promise ?
HELL NO !
According to the box dvd set , they were going to bring back his pokemon in about 3 - 5 seasons later .
11 ... 11 seasons later and not so much as a , “ hmm , I wonder how good old Pidgeot ’s doing . ”
That aside , while Ash has seemed to mature , it also feels as if he has no more personality .
He ’s rarely the center of the episode anymore , stoically standing in the sidelines with Brock for WAY too long , and when he is , it ’s always the same generic crap .
Coñaso !!!!
Yeh , I ’m pissed at Pokemon right now .
My only consolations are the games and the manga .
And even with these , there are aspects in which I will get to in later rants .
My Rating :
THEN - HELL YEAH !!!!
NOW - FUCK THIS SHIT !!!!
Standing just 4 - inches tall , this is claimed to be the smallest rotary gap tesla coil system ever .
It ’s powered by a rotary gap pager motor that generates 2.4 watts .
Video after the break .
( Thanks , Mark )
A nuclear leak , which could have caused a major disaster , was only averted by a chance decision to wash some dirty clothes , according to a newly obtained official report .
On the morning of Sunday 7 January 2007 , one of the contractors working on decommissioning the Sizewell A nuclear power station on the Suffolk coast was in the laundry room when he noticed cooling water leaking on to the floor from the pond that holds the reactor 's highly radioactive spent nuclear fuel .
As much as 40,000 gallons of radioactive water spilled out of a 15ft long split in a pipe , some leaking into the North Sea .
The pond water level had dropped by more than a foot ( 330 mm ) – yet none of the sophisticated alarms in the plant sounded in the main control room .
By the time of the next scheduled safety patrol , the pond level would have dipped far enough to expose the nuclear fuel rods – potentially causing them to overheat and catch fire sending a plume of radioactive contamination along the coastline .
The HM Nuclear Installation Inspectorate 's report of the incident , obtained under the Freedom of Information Act , said : " The pond could have been drained ( it takes about 10 hours ) before the required plant tour by an operator had taken place .
In this worst - case scenario , if the exposed irradiated fuel caught fire it would result in an airborne off - site release . "
It concluded : " NII believes that there was significant risk that operators and even members of the public could have been harmed if there had not been fortunate and appropriate intervention of a contractor who just happened to be in the right plant area when things went wrong . "
But the NII said the operator Magnox Electric responded quickly once the leak had been discovered .
It said : " The only good action noted was that when the contractor raised the alarm the operators appeared to react very well and avoided a significant event from becoming a very serious off - site event . "
The NII report was obtained by the independent nuclear consultant John Large as part of a dossier he compiled for the local Shutdown Sizewell Campaign .
The owners , now Magnox South , say it had little effect on the environment and represented a fraction of the site 's annual discharge limit .
Magnox South said it took the incident extremely seriously and co-operated fully with both the NII and the Environment Agency .
Before Cisco CTO
Padmasree Warrior was hired by Cisco , she was the CTO of Motorola and dismissed in her blog the introduction of the Apple iPhone .
However within 9 months of the Apple iPhone 's introduction , Motorola sales had collapsed by more than $ 4 billion ( Page 1 ) and Motorola operating earnings dropped $ 3.8 billion to a loss of $ 534 million , leaving Warrior with absolutely no future as the CTO of Motorola .
In my opinion , Warrior is now repeating her Motorola failure at Cisco .
For example , during the first 9 months of Cisco 's 2009 fiscal year under Warrior 's leadership as CTO , Cisco sales plummeted $ 1.6 billion ( Page 4 ) and operating income nose - dived $ 1 billion .
Additionally , a UBS analyst is reporting that Cisco 's losing market share across the board .
Today , Apple will begin selling its new iPhone 3G S and in my opinion , it will kill the Cisco Flip video camera .
How so you may ask ?
Well , lets do a comparison of which device makes it easier to upload a video to YouTube .
Apple iPhone 3G S
Cisco Flip Video Camera
I rest my case !
View the comments about this story that appear on reddit .
Related story : Apple fans flock to buy iPhone 3G S
What 's your take , can the Cisco Flip video camera coexist with the new Apple iPhone 3G S? BradReese .
Com Cisco Refurbished - Services that protect , maintain and optimize Cisco hardware Contact : Brad Reese | Twitter : http://twitter.com/BradReese
One of the best things about playing at online casinos is the generous and rewarding bonuses that are up for grabs .
As there are hundreds of casinos on the internet , operators use these special offers to encourage you to join their casino , rather than opting for another .
Yet with so many to choose from , how do you decide which is the best offer for you ?
Well believe it or not , there is more to consider than simply which is the biggest .
When it comes to casino bonuses , bigger does not always mean better .
All bonuses come with certain conditions attached to them , and by familiarising yourself with the following criteria , you can identify which is the best bonus to cater to your requirements .
Bonus Amount – Some operators provide a free , no - deposit bonus to welcome you .
This type of offer gives you chance to play some games and win real money before making a deposit .
Yet most welcome bonuses reward your first deposit by matching it with bonus funds .
Casinos will match your deposit by a certain percentage .
Therefore , generally speaking , the more you deposit , the bigger the bonus .
However there are different maximum bonus amounts provided from one casino to another .
You should therefore consider how much you intend to deposit and choose a bonus that will give you the best value for your money .
You will find a list of some of the best online casino bonuses at www.realmoneyonlinecasino.co.uk
Wagering Requirements –
Any bonus will need to be played through a certain number of times before you can withdraw it .
This condition is applied by operators to ensure that you use your bonus to play games , and do not simply withdraw it .
If you try to make a withdrawal before fulfilling the playthrough requirement , then you could forfeit your remaining bonus plus any winnings you have made with it .
This requirement can vary from around 10 x up to as much as 100x your bonus amount .
Generally speaking , the lower the wagering requirement , the more favourable the bonus is towards you .
Weighting of Games –
As a general rule , when you play slots , any money you bet will contribute fully towards meeting the wagering requirement .
However , there are casino games which have an incredibly small house edge , like blackjack and roulette .
Therefore , these types of games generally contribute just a small percentage towards fulfilling the wagering requirement .
In some cases , you may find certain games excluded from the bonus altogether .
Therefore , you should check that you can play your favourite games before accepting a bonus and familiarise yourself with how much they contribute .
Bonus Validity –
The majority of casino bonuses have a time limit attached to them .
Given that you have to play through your bonus a set number of times before you can make a withdrawal , it is important to check how long you have to meet those playthorugh requirements .
Many operators give you around 30 days to use your bonus , yet there are others that may be valid for just 24 – 72 hours .
You need to consider how often you are likely to play casino games to determine if the bonus is suitable for you .
Ohpleaseohpleaseohpleaseohplease ....
From her own PAC : Palin Hints At Independent Conservative Movement Excerpts from TammyBruce.com
Enter now Sarah Palin with very encouraging comments that lead one to believe that she is indeed planning to do what she must : build an independent conservative movement and take this nation back from the liberals which now control both parties .
Thanks liberals , for provoking Sarah into the national scene while vetting that family at the same time .
One thing I will say , the Washington Times with their headline for this exclusive interview reveal an anti-Palin stance .
She is , do n’t doubt , a threat to every existing political status quo .
Oh holy FSM , there is so much funny to be had with this perfect example of Republican syllogism , I do n't know where to begin .
Palin is planning to do what she must ????
Apparently , she must n't finish the job she was elected to do .
Nor must she actually read up and learn about the issues as many mainstream Republicans have begged her to do .
And when did we become controlled by liberals in both parties ?
What in the hell is Bruce on about ?
Does she really suggest that Boehner , Cantor , Coburn , Kyl , Inhofe , etc are liberals ????
When you start with that ridiculous a premise , then you 're just asking to be laughed out of the room .
And then , after blaming liberals for vetting Palin 's family ( erm ...huh ? ) , she then launches into an attack against the Washington Times - - hardly a bastion of liberal thought -- for being anti-Palin and then holds it as a banner of pride of somehow being proof of her bona fides .
The mind reels .
Mythology aside , the truth is the Civil War was a hell of a lot less popular in the North than it was in the South , especially among recently - arrived white immigrants .
Whites in both the North and South were often resentful about being drafted to fight in " Mr. Lincoln 's War " ... remember the New York City Riots ?
White hooligans rampaged through the city for days .
It required the imposition of martial law and public executions of rioters to quell that mess .
Black people , on the other hand , were eager to enlist .
Frederick Douglass , a US MARSHAL HIMSELF , was a strong advocate for allowing black men to fight .
He made the explicit argument that this would be how black men could show they were worthy of the right to vote .
" Once let the black man get upon his person the brass letter , U.S. , let him get an eagle on his button , and a musket on his shoulder and bullets in his pocket , there is no power on earth that can deny that he has earned the right to citizenship . "
Frederick Douglass
In fact , that was one of the reasons opponents of black service used to make their case .
" If you let them fight , next thing you know they 'll want to vote . "
You have to admit , it 's hard to argue with that .
Anyone who lived through the 60s remembers the argument for dropping the voting age to 18 -- " If we 're old enough to die , we should be old enough to vote . "
Let 's return to Gettysburg for a moment .
Lee 's incursion into Pennsylvania did a wonderful job of overcoming that state 's resistance to raising black troops .
Plenty of them fought and died at Gettysburg .
Hell , they died in droves in battlefields across the nation .
One example that recently got a lot of renewed attention due to the movie " Glory " was the story of the Massachussetts 54th Regiment .
The Massachusetts 54th regiment consisted of freed blacks recruited in the North ; they were led by Colonel Robert Gould Shaw , the son of ardent Boston abolitionists .
Shaw had to argue with his commander in order for his men to have a chance to fight .
On July 18 , 1863 , Shaw led the 54th in an assault against Fort Wagner , which guarded Charleston , South Carolina .
Under heavy fire , a small group of these troops broke through the Fort ’s earthworks and for an hour held the parapet , until Confederates drove them back .
Shaw and almost half of his troops were killed in the assault , but the tragic incident showed that black troops would fight well and bravely if given a chance .
And they were n't the only ones .
By the time Lee reached Gettysburg , 10 % of the Union Army was black .
A lot of them were used in support roles , but many of them did fight .
They were often the most highly motivated , for good reason :
When they did fight they faced not only the prospect of being killed or maimed in battle , but also the prospect of being executed if they were captured by Confederate forces .
The Confederates declared that all black men fighting for the Union were rebel slaves , regardless of whether they were actually former slaves or had been born free , and frequently executed them .
With sorrow , Lincoln responded that he would have to execute southern prisoners of war , if the south executed any Union prisoners .
For the most part Lincoln ’s threat paid off , but captured black soldiers were treated more harshly by the Confederates than were white Union soldiers .
By the war ’s end 30,000 to 40,000 black soldiers had died , like many deaths in the days before antibiotics , the majority of these men died from disease .
Twenty three black soldiers were given the Medal of Honor for their heroic service in the Civil War .
They may not have been any black Union soldiers at the start of the Civil War , but they were there at the end , at Appomattox .
There were seven Black units ( approximately 2,000 men , or 3 % of the Federal force ) which made the journey all the way to Appomattox Court House with Major General Edward Ord 's Union Army of the James and arrived in time to be involved in the final fighting .
On their way they passed through the settlements of Blacks & Whites , Nottoway Court House , Burkeville Junction , Rice 's Station , and Farmville .
From the latter point they stayed south of the Appomattox River and traveled via Walker 's Church ( present day Hixburg ) to Appomattox .
These regiments were of Colonel William W. Woodward 's brigade , the 29th and 31st U.S.C.T. , along with the 116th U.S.C.T. , assigned to them from another brigade .
Colonel Ulysses Doubleday 's brigade , 8th , 41st , 45th , and 127th U.S.C.T. , were also present .
On the morning of the 9th at Appomattox Court House , the Black units were sent forward to support other Federal units in the closing phase of the battle .
Consequently , only Woodward 's brigade participated in the final advance on the Confederate line .
Some of Doubleday 's skirmishers did proceed forward , and the only casualty for the U.S.C.T. brigades was Captain John W. Falconer of Company A , 41st U.S.C.T. , a white officer .
He was mortally wounded and died on April 23rd .
According to Surgeon - in - Chief Charles P. Heinchhold , during the entire campaign , the U.S.C.T.'s lost 4 men killed , 1 officer ( mortally ) and 30 men wounded , a total of 35 casualties .
Let 's return to Gettysburg on last time .
I know this is going to upset Uncle Pat and his apologists , but I can't resist throwing in this contemporary quote from the New York Herald .
" ... And after the battle of Gettysburg in July 1863 , ... reported among the rebel prisoners were seven blacks in Confederate uniforms fully armed as soldiers ... " - New York Herald , July 11 , 1863
That 's right , kids .
All those good ole boys who fly the stars and bars as a Rebel Yell and hate how the colored done drag down this great nation need to doff their caps in respect for the fact that none other than Saint Robert E. Lee his own self proclaimed the Confederacy needed black soldiers .
That 's right , Uncle Pat , it was n't just the North that had black soldiers , tens of thousands of black soldiers fought for the Confederacy .
So , in conclusion , let me say this :
I do n't care if Pat Buchanan is a racist , a hypocrite , a Republican , or all of the above .
I do care that he is a fool who perverts history in a vain effort to score political talking points and thereby misleads his audience .
If MSNBC wants to have racists or hypocrites or Republicans on their shows , fine .
But do n't insult our intelligence by putting on morons .
=============
" He who controls the past , controls the future . " --- George Orwell
Most load sim tools make requests to a static list of urls .
They spawn n threads and make requests to the urls on the list in succession , in each thread .
Unfortunately , though , if your applicaition makes use of any kind of caching ( including your database 's internal caching facilities ) , this kind of load simulation is unrealistic .
The data required to serve a single set of urls is likely to fit nicely in the database server 's cache ( even on a small server ) .
So , having a single user hammer a finite set of pages will make your application look much faster than it really is .
Unless your load patterns really look that way , you 're testing for a scenario that you 'll never see .
Introducing Trample
Trample is a more flexible load simulator .
Instead of a static list of urls , trample 's configuration language is ruby .
Using ruby 's blocks ( lambda functions ) , it 's possible to randomize the requests that get made in each thread , as well as the user that logs in .
Let 's look at an example config :
Trample .
configure do concurrency 20 iterations 10 login do post " http://mysite.com/login " do { : username =>
User .
random .
username , : password => " swordfish " } end end get " http://mysite.com/posts/:id " do { : id =>
Post .
random .
id } end post " http://mysite.com/posts/:id/comments " do { : id =>
Post .
random . id , : author => " James Golick " , : body => " lorem ipsum " } end end
This config will cause trample to spawn 20 threads .
In each thread :
Trample will begin by sending a POST request to http://mysite.com/login with the result of the block as its POST body .
Then , trample will GET http://mysite.com/posts/(some interpolated value here , based on the result of the block ) .
Then , trample will POST http://mysite.com/posts/(interpolated value here ) / comments with a POST body that includes the remainder of the parameters returned from the block Repeat steps 2 - 3 nine ( iterations - 1 ) more times .
It 's possible to create fairly realistic load simulations with a configuration like this .
Each thread will start by logging in as a different user .
And , the threads will each visit different URLs .
The ratio of cache hits to misses should be far closer to what they look like under real load .
Running Trample
To run trample :
$ trample start / path / to / your / trample / config .
rb
I 've tested trample on ruby 1.8.x , ruby 1.9 , and JRuby .
JRuby has the advantage of native threading , but the drawback of JVM warmup times .
So , theoretically , JRuby should be the best platform for running long tramples .
Ruby 1.9 should be fastest for shorter tramples .
I could be wrong , though .
YMMV .
Get It !
Get trample as a gem :
$ sudo gem install giraffesoft - trample
Or get the source from github .
The bereaved woman says the accident was not her fault
A court in Dubai has found a woman who lost her unborn child in a traffic accident guilty of manslaughter in what is said to be an unprecedented ruling .
The Lebanese woman , who was nine months pregnant at the time , was also ordered to pay blood money .
She said she had not caused the accident .
The judge based the ruling on Islamic law .
The court said the rights of unborn babies needed to be protected .
Prosecutors had argued that the verdict should act as a deterrent .
The accident happened in October last year .
The court found that she had failed to keep a safe distance from the car ahead of her .
Several cars were involved in the accident , English - language daily The National reports .
The paper says the woman 's vehicle was hit by the car following hers when she braked suddenly .
The female foetus died after the umbilical cord was cut .
Dubai 's traffic court ordered the bereaved mother to pay US $ 5,450 in blood money and fined her for " unintentional homicide " .
Salah Bu Farousha , head of traffic prosecution , said women in the third trimester of pregnancy should avoid driving altogether to protect their own and their foetuses ' lives .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
A foot .
We at Damn Interesting are happy to announce that we have officially returned from our spontaneous hiatus .
One might describe the sensation as “ delighted ” if one were prone to fits of gleeful hyperbole .
We also bring news :
The Damn Interesting book Alien Hand Syndrome is now available at fine bookstores everywhere .
Discerning readers may procure copies at any bookseller worth its salt .
If we owe you a free copy based on your donations during our fund raising effort , you may expect to find it occupying your mail receptacle very soon .
As you thumb through the wood - pulp , be sure to pay extra attention to the dedication page ; its sentiment is quite heart - felt .
In other news , we ’ve implemented a more streamlined layout for Damn Interesting in an effort to comfort our colicy webserver .
The new design is twice as shiny , and thrice as efficient .
While we were at it , we upgraded our antiquated blog software , and we now enjoy the features , efficiency , and security of the new WordPress .
The upgrade process was perilous , and the transition is not yet complete , but over the next few days we ’ll be tightening the bolts and shimming the short - legs .
In the meantime , feel free to drop us a line if this new design prompts any odd behaviors , strong feelings , or indigestion .
Development is still underway on DamnSite⁠ — the multi-purpose platform that will add message boards and other nifty features to Damn Interesting ⁠— but in the short term we ’ve decided that out time is best spent writing .
Thanks much for your support and patience during our hiatus .
We have no shortage of good article topics in the queue , and the first of many is forthcoming imminently .
Striking gold in binutils
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
A new linker is not generally something that arouses much interest outside of the hardcore development community — or even inside it — unless it provides something especially eye - opening .
A newly released linker , called gold has just that kind of feature , though , because it runs up to five times as fast as its competition .
For developers who do a lot of compile - link - test cycles , that kind of performance increase can significantly increase their efficiency .
Linking is an integral part of code development , but it can be invisible , as it is often invoked by the compiler .
The sidebar accompanying this article is meant for non-developers or those in need of a refresher about linker operation .
For those who want to know even more , the author of gold , Ian Lance Taylor , has a twenty - part series about linker internals on his weblog , starting with this entry .
For Linux systems , the GNU Compiler Collection ( GCC ) has been the workhorse by providing a complete toolchain to build programs in a number of different languages .
It uses the ld linker from the binutils collection .
With the announcement that gold has been added to binutils , there are now two choices for linking GCC - compiled programs .
A linker overview For non-developers , a quick overview of the process that turns source code into executable programs may be helpful .
Compilers are programs that turn C— or other high - level languages — into object code .
Linkers then collect up object code and produce an executable .
Usually the linker will not only operate on object code created from a project 's source , but will also reference libraries of object code — the C runtime library libc for example .
From those objects , the linker creates an executable program that a user can invoke from the command line .
The linker allows program code in one file to refer to a code or data object in another file or library .
It arranges that those references are usable at run time by substituting an address for the reference to an object .
This " links " the two properly in the executable .
Things get more complicated when considering shared libraries , where the library code is shared by multiple concurrent executables , but this gives a rough outline of the basics of linker operation .
The intent is for gold to be a complete drop - in replacement for ld — though it is not quite there yet .
It is currently lacking support for some command - line options and Linux kernels that are linked with it do not boot , but those things will come .
It also currently only supports x86 and x86_64 targets , but for many linker jobs , gold seems to be working well .
The speed seems to be very enticing to some developers , with Bryan O'Sullivan saying :
When I switched to using gold as the linker , I was at first a little surprised to find that it actually works at all .
This is n't especially common for a complicated program that 's just been committed to a source tree .
Better yet , it 's as fast as Ian claims : my app now links in 2.6 seconds , almost 5.4 times faster than with the old binutils linker !
Performance was definitely the goal that Taylor set for gold development .
It supports ELF ( Executable and Linking Format ) objects and runs on UNIX - like operating systems only .
Only supporting one object / executable format , along with a fresh start and an explicit performance goal are some of the reasons that gold outperforms ld .
Tom Tromey likes the looks of the code :
I looked through the gold sources a bit .
I wish everything in the GNU toolchain were written this way .
It is very clean code , nicely commented , and easy to follow .
It shows pretty clearly , I think , the ways in which C++ can be better than C when it is used well .
Because the implementation is geared for speed , Taylor used techniques that may confuse some .
He has some concerns about the maintainability of his implementation :
While I think this is a reasonable approach , I do not yet know how maintainable it will be over time .
State machine implementations can be difficult for people to understand , and the high - level locking is vulnerable to low - level errors .
I know that one of my characteristic programming errors is a tendency toward code that is overly complex , which requires global information to understand in detail .
I 've tried to avoid it here , but I wo n't know whether I succeeded for some time .
Overall , it seems to be getting a nice reception by the community , with O'Sullivan commenting that he is " looking forward to the point where gold entirely supplants the existing binutils linker .
I expect that wo n't take too long , once Mozilla and KDE developers find out about the performance boost . "
Once gold gets to that point , Taylor is already thinking about concurrent linking — running compiler and linker at the same time — as the next big step .
There are two other ongoing projects that are working with the greater GCC ecosystem in interesting ways : quagmire and ggx .
Quagmire is an effort to replace the GNU configure and build system — consisting of autoconf , automake , and libtool — with something that depends solely on GNU make .
Currently , that system uses various combinations of the shell , m4 , and portable makefiles to make the building and installation of programs easy — the famous " ./ configure ; make " command line .
The tools were written that way to try and ensure that users did not need to install additional packages to configure and build GNU tools .
Quagmire , which has roots in a posting by Taylor recognizes that GNU make is ubiquitous , so basing a system around that makes a great deal of sense .
The ggx project is Anthony Green 's step - by - step procedure to create an entire toolchain that can build programs for a processor architecture that he is creating as a thought experiment .
The basic idea is to design the instruction set based on the needs of the compiler , in this case GCC , rather than the needs of the hardware designers .
He is using GCC 's ability to be retargeted for new architectures , along with its simulation capabilities to create a CPU that he can write programs for .
As of this writing , he has a " hello world " program working , along with large chunks of the GCC test suite passing .
Well worth a look .
Our CGX product has been chosen by one of the leading marine technology companies , Northrop Grumman Sperry Marine .
We 're very proud to annouce this co-operation .
Related Articles
Twitter Case Study : War Child Part One
In this blog post , I posted the first part of an interview with Dr. Samantha Nutt from War Child .
The second part follows :
It is always a compelling experience to touch down in a war zone .
The extent of the trauma and the suffering is staggering , but I am always astounded by people 's resilience and determination .
You expect to meet people who have given up .
Instead , you meet people who remind you every single day why we get up and do what we do at War Child .
Security is always a major concern in many of the countries in which we operate .
You must be aware of the dangers and the risks .
Sometimes that can be quite intimidating and almost paralyzing - you are always looking over your shoulder , always wondering what will be around the next corner - but it is better to have an acute awareness of the insecurity and take precautions than to be caught unaware .
I was more concerned about my security on this particular assessment mission than I have been for a very long time .
It reminded me of the experience of working in Somalia in the mid 90s .
But security is a huge problem for Sudanese nationals as well .
Anyone who is perceived to have either an income or access to valuables ( e.g. a vehicle , a sat phone ) is at risk .
It 's not so much what we can gain but what value this type of first hand reporting brings to our network of supporters .
The feedback I received suggests that people found it engaging and an eye opener and the increase in people following the journey means it must have been having some kind of positive effect !
I think the fact that I could talk to a woman who has seen her family killed in front of her and 30 seconds later post her story , gave the people following it a much more visceral and immediate experience than they would have had reading a news report , for example .
There is also something to be said for posting what you are experiencing it as you experience it .
It 's raw ; unfiltered .
Sometimes when you have a chance to think about it for a while you end up over - rationalizing or over - interpreting the experience and it loses some of its authenticity .
The success of this , in retrospect , was in its honesty and simplicity - there was neither the time , nor the space ( at under 140 characters ) to be lofty about any of it .
You may think your cause not as compelling as Darfur , but if you share your client stories in a interesting and engaging way , people will respond .
Twitter is one way to do that .
Remember that people give to people , not organizations or websites .
at NuttsAtWarChild
Opinion Porn is now illegal in the Ukraine , unless used for medicinal purposes .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko last week signed off on new legislation joining the Ukraine to an ever - lengthening list of countries that have decided to move the censorship goalposts over the last few years , from publication of porn on to simple possession of it .
Ironically , the world may have a bizarre coalition of puritan New Labour and evangeligising Americans to thank for this giant leap forward for moral mankind .
On June 11 , the Verkhovna Rada ( the Ukrainian parliament ) made possession of pornography – not extreme porn , but ANY porn – a criminal offence .
It will be punishable by a fine of 850 hryvnia - which our currency converter helpfully reveals is approximately 69 British pounds - or up to three years in prison .
As in the UK , this is a significant shift in the law , which previously only concerned itself with those who produced or distributed pornography .
The problem with this legislation is that the only available definition of porn comes from 2003 legislation , which states , according to the English language version of the Kyev Times :
" Pornography is vulgar , candid , cynical , obscene depiction of sexual acts , pursuing no other goal , the explicit demonstration of genitals , unethical elements of the sexual act , sexual perversions , realistic sketches that do not meet moral criteria and offend honour and dignity of the human by inciting low instincts . "
It is not clear whether this is a literal translation of confused law – or an attack of " Babel - itis " on the part of that paper .
Meanwhile , Ukraine 's Ministry of Justice appears to have complicated the legislation even further by conceding that porn may be retained " for medicinal purposes " .
So is this all homegrown ?
Or is there a wider agenda at work here ?
Is it mere co-incidence that highly moralistic legislation – on porn and prostitution , for instance - appears to be springing up simultaneously in widely differing countries ?
Researchers in the field of sexual relations have complained for some time that the Bush era meant it was impossible to pursue any research – even in the UK - that failed to address issues in ways that aligned with the fairly narrow moral agenda of US neo-conservatives .
Back in the UK , in May 2004 , Labour MP David Lepper boasted in parliament of how he and a number of fellow MP ’s , concerned by the Graham Coutts case , had put forward a five - point plan to Ministers for controlling extreme porn .
The five points were :
Persuading internet service providers , search engine companies and web hosting companies to block access to extreme porn
Criminalising the possession of extreme porn
Better international co-operation in dealing with extreme images on the internet
A souped up role for Ofcom
Requiring credit card companies to put a financial squeeze on the providers of extreme images
This plan was received favourably by then Home Secretary , David Blunkett , who raised it in discussion with his counterparts in the United States .
The same issues were then raised with countries in the G8 and Europe .
Whilst few countries have put in place all of the above measures , it almost certainly is no co-incidence that many have adopted several of them over the last few years , either following direct representation , or in an effort to curry favour with the West .
Ukrainian moralising may therefore be of a home grown variety , or it may just be the latest example of " me too " bandwagon - jumping . ®
What can I say to add to what the panel on the Chris Matthews show had to say about health care reform other than thanks for recommending a kick on the chin Chris ?
Wall Street does n't like it so let 's carry water for the investment class that 's making money from the insurance industry denying care to average Americans , and let 's use the fear of the economy getting worse that Wall Street helped to wreck as a reason to feign concern over whether anything gets done or not .
And while we 're at it , let 's also tell the " left wing " that they need to " take it on the chin " so we do n't upset the Wall Street bankers .
About the only good thing I saw coming out of this segment was the admission that a whole lot of what 's driving the health care debate in this country is not about what 's good for Americans , but what 's good for Wall Street .
Until that changes , nothing is going to improve with our health insurance or health care delivery system in the United States .
Though small in num­ber , the indige­nous peo­ple of Diego Gar­cia and the Chagoss­ian Islands in the Indi­an Ocean have endured a suf­fer­ing both relent­less and intense .
In the ear­ly 1970s , they were bru­tal­ly dera­ci­nat­ed and dumped in Mau­ri­tius and Sey­chelles to make way for a U.S. mil­i­tary base .
Anthro­pol­o­gist David Vine reports in his new book , Island of Shame : The Secret His­to­ry of the U.S. Mil­i­tary Base on Diego Gar­cia ( Prince­ton , May ) , the islanders had homes – idyl­lic though mod­est – employ­ment , health­care , a diet of fish , fresh fruits and veg­eta­bles , envi­able longevi­ty , tra­di­tions , the mem­o­ries of their ances­tors and a cul­tur­al life extend­ing back over cen­turies in the Cha­gos arch­i­pel­ago .
But through a num­ber of legal­is­tic and diplo­mat­ic deceits pro­mul­gat­ed by the British and U.S. gov­ern­ments , the archipelago ’s 2,000 islanders was expelled , cart­ed away in over­crowd­ed ships with­out food or sanitation .
The dis­pos­sessed Chagos­sians received minute com­pen­sa­tion .
They were nev­er paid for their expro­pri­at­ed homes .
They lost their veg­etable gar­dens and were not per­mit­ted to bring pets or belong­ings into exile .
( Indeed , they watched their dogs be gassed to death and incin­er­at­ed before they were eject­ed from the islands . )
They lost their jobs in the coconut indus­try .
No occu­pa­tions await­ed them in Mau­ri­tius , and they were not trained for new employment .
The Chagos­sians were basi­cal­ly dumped in their new ​ “ homes . ”
Many lived on the streets , while oth­ers paid exor­bi­tant prices for tin shacks in slums .
Money­len­ders and mer­chants vic­tim­ized them , tak­ing their mis­er­able hov­els as col­lat­er­al for loans and pur­chas­es and lat­er evict­ing them .
They could not find jobs .
As out­siders and peo­ple of African – , not the more - priv­i­leged Indi­an – descent , they faced dis­crim­i­na­tion .
Alco­hol , drugs and sui­cide took a toll .
Diet dete­ri­o­rat­ed .
They died young , and ill­ness­es utter­ly new to them – mal­nu­tri­tion , dia­betes , heart dis­ease , hyper­ten­sion , tuber­cu­lo­sis – became ram­pant .
Large num­bers became clin­i­cal­ly depressed .
Many sim­ply died of bro­ken hearts .
They were treat­ed , Vine writes , like ​ “ rub­bish people . ”
This was no acci­den­tal side effect of the military ’s base con­struc­tion .
The mil­i­tary explic­it­ly banned employ­ment of any indige­nous peo­ple on its base , though it import­ed work­ers from else­where .
And it for­bade return vis­its by the locals , even to tend the graves of their ances­tors .
It was n’t until March , 2006 , that bad pub­lic­i­ty and court cas­es forced British author­i­ties to per­mit one vis­it .
Pri­or to the expul­sion , all offi­cial reports por­trayed the inhab­i­tants as tran­sient labor­ers rather than a native pop­u­la­tion .
This was done in order to deny their exis­tence and their right to the land , and thus to avoid all polit­i­cal , legal and finan­cial redress .
Though one can­not know the exact atti­tude of U.S. offi­cials , David Vine apt­ly quotes Hen­ry Kissinger on the removal of the res­i­dents of the Mar­shall Islands in 1969 : ​ “ There are only 90,000 peo­ple out there .
Who gives a damn ? ”
With that atti­tude , there was no hope for the 2,000 Chagos­sians .
Clear­ly no one in pow­er thought any­one would care about their fate .
The Chagos­sians ’ dis­place­ment is not unique in the his­to­ry of U.S. mil­i­tary bases abroad .
But , as Vine points out , the lies fab­ri­cat­ed to con­ceal the secret agree­ment in the Cha­gos Arch­pel­ga­go are par­tic­u­lar­ly aston­ish­ing .
Sec­re­tary of State Dean Rusk described the islands to Pres­i­dent Lyn­don John­son as ​ “ vir­tu­al­ly unin­hab­it­ed . ”
And in June 1964 , the John­son Admin­is­tra­tion pres­sured the Wash­ing­ton Post not to run sto­ries that might cause trou­ble .
The Post sto­ries that were pub­lished referred to the pop­u­la­tion as ​ “ large­ly tran­sient laborers . ”
Vine does an excel­lent job of doc­u­ment­ing the machi­na­tions of mil­i­tary plan­ners and politi­cians in the 1960s and 1970s , as they sought to evade unwel­come atten­tion from the press , the Unit­ed Nations or any court sys­tem .
This was the end of decol­o­niza­tion , the era of impe­r­i­al plun­der and eth­nic cleans­ing was sup­pos­ed­ly over and noth­ing would have looked worse than what was actu­al­ly happening .
Vine details at length how no oth­er empire has had as many for­eign bases – rough­ly 1,000 – as the Unit­ed States .
A few African islanders were not about to thwart the largest mil­i­tary machine in his­to­ry .
So a cast of char­ac­ters , includ­ing for­eign pol­i­cy offi­cial Paul Nitze , Admi­ral Elmo Zumwalt , for­mer White House and CIA offi­cial Robert Komer ( infa­mous for run­ning oper­a­tion Phoenix in Viet­nam ) and Admi­ral Arleigh Burke con­cealed and mis­rep­re­sent­ed the removal of an incon­ve­nient pop­u­la­tion .
The stakes , as these pooh - bahs saw them , were quite high .
Vine quotes mil­i­tary ana­lyst John Pike telling him that the U.S. military ’s goal is ​“to run the plan­et from Guam and Diego Gar­cia by 2015 , even if the entire East­ern Hemi­sphere has drop - kicked us ” from every oth­er base .
“ Although the British Gov­ern­ment and its agents per­formed most of the phys­i­cal work involved in dis­plac­ing the Chagos­sians , ” Vine writes , ​ “ the U.S. Gov­ern­ment ordered , orches­trat­ed and financed the expul­sion . ”
But recent­ly the Chagos­sians have chal­lenged the des­tiny so care­ful­ly pre­pared for them , and they have won court cas­es .
They hope they may yet receive com­pen­sa­tion and the right to return to their arch­i­pel­ago .
After all , if gleam­ing yachts are allowed to dock on these gor­geous islands , why should n’t the orig­i­nal inhab­i­tants be wel­come there as well ?
Lakers owner Jerry Buss , an avid poker player , called Lamar Odom ’s bluff at the negotiating table Tuesday , following through with his threat to pull the offer to Odom .
The Lakers admitted that the offer Buss presented to Odom and his representatives has been available for over a week , but that because the unrestricted free agent never responded , Buss grew upset and broke off all negotiations .
“ Yes , we have taken the deal off the table , ” Lakers public relations director John Black said .
“ Talks have broken down for the time being . ”
Black was asked if talks could resume in the future .
Advertisement
“ That ’s within the realm of possibility , ” he said .
Lakers team officials , who were not authorized to speak about the negotiations , said Buss offered Odom a deal for $ 9 million a season for four years at $ 36 million , or $ 10 million a season over three years for a total of $ 30 million .
Odom and his agent , Jeff Schwartz , were looking for $ 10 million a year over five seasons .
Neither Schwartz nor Odom could be reached for comment Tuesday .
Advertisement
Team officials also said Buss was not happy that Odom and Schwartz have been talking with the Dallas Mavericks and Miami Heat President Pat Riley about a deal , but have refused to talk to the Lakers .
The Heat and Mavericks can offer Odom only the mid-level exception of $ 5.8 million , but can give him a five - year deal up to $ 34 million .
Many in the Lakers ’ organization believe that Odom wants to accept Buss ’ offer -- and so do those close to Odom -- but he has failed to convince his agent .
If the two sides do begin negotiating again , Lakers sources said Buss , if he ’s willing to talk , will lower his offer to Odom .
Advertisement
Those same sources said Buss is a man of principle who sticks by his decision .
Those sources were mindful that when Shaquille O’Neal said during an exhibition game in Hawaii in 2003 , “ Now , you ’re gonna pay me , ” while looking for a contract extension , Buss was angry and never forgot that .
After the 2004 season , Buss traded O’Neal to the Heat , in a deal that brought Odom to the Lakers .
It was widely known that Odom , who will be 30 in November , would have to take a pay cut because of his age , the declining economy and the small number of teams that were far enough under the NBA salary cap to make a legitimate offer to him .
He was on the Lakers ’ books for $ 14.1 million last season , the final year of a six - year , $ 63 - million contract he signed with Miami in 2003 .
Advertisement
But the Lakers felt as if they made a fair offer to Odom , Lakers sources said , and are baffled as to why he did n’t accept it .
Now it might be too late to get a deal done .
Odom proved his worth during the Lakers ’ championship run in the playoffs by averaging 12.3 points , third - best on the team , and 9.1 rebounds , second - best on the team .
He averaged 32 minutes a game in the playoffs , a lot of it because center Andrew Bynum was either in foul trouble or ineffective .
Advertisement
In those cases , Pau Gasol moved to center , Odom came off the bench to play power forward and the Lakers were often a better team .
Odom was solid against Orlando in the NBA Finals , averaging 13.4 points and 7.8 rebounds .
He had 17 points and 10 rebounds in Game 5 as the Lakers clinched the title with a 99 - 86 victory .
--
Staff writer Mike Bresnahan contributed to this story
Advertisement
broderick.turner@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama prepared to take his push for health care reform to the American people in a Wednesday night news conference , with the debate focusing on how much overhaul is needed .
President Obama is expected to urge Congress to act on health care during his news conference Wednesday .
Republican opponents of Democratic bills in the House and Senate say most Americans like the current system and that efforts should focus on making it less expensive and more accessible .
" We ought to target the problems , and there are ways to do that on a bipartisan basis , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky told reporters in what was billed as " pre-buttal " to the Obama news conference later Wednesday .
Obama and Democratic leaders say the problems are deeper and systemic , with spiraling costs that eventually will bankrupt the country and the current figure of 46 million people without health insurance rising daily by 12,000 .
The president wanted both the House and Senate to pass bills before going on their August recess , but that timetable appears unlikely due to fierce Republican opposition and cost concerns from fiscally conservative Democrats .
The bills considered so far by House and Senate committees include Democratic proposals for a government - funded public health insurance option , mandates for people to be insured and employers to provide coverage , and no more lack of coverage due to a pre-existing condition .
Side - by - side : Compare three of the leading health care plans »
Republicans oppose a government - funded option and requiring employers to provide coverage .
They also call for limits on medical malpractice lawsuits , which Democrats do n't favor , along with a number of provisions contained in the Democratic bills , including increased efficiency in Medicare and Medicaid and focusing on preventive health programs .
On the Senate side , top Democrats and Republicans of the influential Finance Committee are working behind closed doors on a compromise measure that would be the first bipartisan bill .
Sen .
Max Baucus , D - Montana , the committee chairman , said Wednesday that he gave Obama a rough timetable for reaching an agreement -- the first time he has signaled an end date for the private talks .
" It 's gonna take time but we 'll get there , " Baucus said a day after Democratic sources privately expressed frustration with the slow pace of the Finance Committee negotiations .
On Wednesday , Utah Sen.
Orrin Hatch , a leading Republican on the committee , dropped out of the private talks , saying he opposed the direction they were heading .
Hatch criticized the bill 's nearly $ 1 trillion price tag as too high , and said he opposed a number of methods under consideration to pay for the package .
Another Republican on the panel , Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , downplayed Hatch 's role in the talks so far , saying " he has n't been involved for months ... so we just assumed that he was not participating and it does n't really mean anything . "
Grassley added that the Finance Committee is not considering a government - funded private health insurance option favored by Obama and Democrats .
Instead , it is looking at health insurance cooperatives that would offer collective policies to members .
" The ideology that I think would be best expressed is Democrats believe government ought to run more instead of less and Republicans believe it ought to run a heck of a lot less , " Grassley said .
Over on the House side , fiscally conservative Democrats known as Blue Dogs are seeking changes to the bill introduced last week .
The House version includes a tax surcharge on wealthy Americans , but the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says the surcharge will raise the federal deficit over the next 10 years .
The Blue Dog Democrats comprise enough votes to defeat the health care bill in the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
One of the Blue Dogs ' top concerns is ensuring that any change to the health care system does not add to the federal deficit .
" We are making progress ; however , we have a long way to go , " Rep .
Mike Ross , D - Arkansas , a leader of the fiscally conservative " Blue Dog Coalition , " said in a written statement .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , speaking at a news conference with advocates for health care reform , said she shares the group 's desire to minimize tax increases and reduce the costs of any bill .
Watch what Pelosi says about progress on health care »
" Some of the issues that the Blue Dogs have put forth are issues that we all are concerned about , " she told reporters .
" We want to squeeze as much savings out of the system as we can before we seek any [ new tax ] revenue .
[ But ] you can only go so far . "
However , she said the House Democratic leadership has the votes to pass a health care bill -- a claim that was immediately challenged by an anti-abortion caucus that fears the House bill will create a government - run insurance plan that covers abortion services .
" It would be easier to fit a camel through the eye of a needle than to pass this bill , " Rep. Bart Stupak of Michigan said .
He claimed the abortion issue would cost Pelosi too many Democratic defectors to get the bill through .
Stupak said he does n't want to block the bill , but wants to add language specifying the exclusion of abortion mandates before it comes to the House floor .
" Without an explicit exclusion , abortion will [ eventually ] be determined to be included in [ the ] benefits standards " by either Congress or the courts , predicted Rep. Joseph Pitts , R- Pennsylvania .
Abortion rights advocates brushed aside the legislators ' concerns , saying that the issue of whether to cover abortion services would , in the end , be decided by individual providers .
iReport.com : Share your view on health care reform
" Reps . [ Bart ] Stupak and Pitts are obsessed with abortion , even though the health care bills do n't reference abortion at all , " said Ted Miller , a spokesman for the National Abortion Rights Action League .
It remains unclear if either the House or the Senate will vote on a bill before Obama 's deadline of August 7 , when Congress goes on recess .
The president indicated recently that the deadline is more a target for progress , rather than a make - or - break moment .
Several national surveys suggest that time may be working against the administration 's health care initiative .
A new CNN Poll of Polls released Wednesday suggested 47 percent of Americans approve of how the president is dealing with health care reform , while 44 percent disapprove .
The CNN Poll of Polls is an average of the three most recent national surveys : USA Today / Gallup ( July 17 - 19 ) ; ABC / Washington Post ( July 15 - 18 ) and CBS News ( July 9 - 12 ) .
The ABC News / Washington Post poll , which was released Monday , shows Obama has a large advantage over Republicans on the issue .
Fifty - four percent of those questioned said they trust Obama to do a better job handling health care than Republicans in Congress , while 34 percent put more faith in congressional Republicans than the president .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Health Care Issues
By Ben Cohen
I know this has been reverberating around the blogosphere ( anything on the front page of the Huff Post tends to do so ) , but it 's worth repeating .
Matt Taibbi on Goldman Sach 's sordid history of market manipulation , outright theft , and destruction of the U.S economy :
The first thing you need to know about
Goldman Sachs is that it 's everywhere .
The world 's most powerful
investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of
humanity , relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that
smells like money .
Any attempt to construct a narrative around all the former
Goldmanites in influential positions quickly becomes an absurd and
pointless exercise , like trying to make a list of everything .
What
you need to know is the big picture :
If America is circling the
drain , Goldman Sachs has found a way to be that drain — an
extremely unfortunate loophole in the system of Western democratic
capitalism , which never foresaw that in a society governed
passively by free markets and free elections , organized greed
always defeats disorganized democracy .
They achieve this using the same playbook over and over again .
The formula is relatively simple : Goldman positions itself in the
middle of a speculative bubble , selling investments they know are
crap .
Then they hoover up vast sums from the middle and lower
floors of society with the aid of a crippled and corrupt state that
allows it to rewrite the rules in exchange for the relative pennies
the bank throws at political patronage .
Finally , when it all goes
bust , leaving millions of ordinary citizens broke and starving ,
they begin the entire process over again , riding in to rescue us
all by lending us back our own money at interest , selling
themselves as men above greed , just a bunch of really smart guys
keeping the wheels greased .
They 've been pulling this same stunt
over and over since the 1920s — and now they 're preparing to
do it again , creating what may be the biggest and most audacious
bubble yet .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
There are other journalist saying the same thing , but Taibbi 's talent for encapsulating and simplifying complex financial language is nothing short of brilliant .
His rep as an ultra cool Rolling Stone journalist also helps spread his message to people who otherwise would n't have the stomach to understand what was happening to them .
For those of you looking to really get to the bottom of Taibbi 's reporting , I suggest reading Noam Chomsky , a man who Taibbi has borrowed a lot of his ideas from .
Chomsky has been saying the same thing abour our corrupt banking / government system for 30 years , and has yet to featured on the front page of any mainstream media outlet .
For an indepth look into the topic , read here .
The money quote :
Tomgram : An American Hell
Do n't Turn the Page on History
Facing the American World We Created
By Tom Engelhardt
We 've just passed through the CIA assassination flap , already fading from the news after less than two weeks of media attention .
Broken in several major newspapers , here 's how the story goes : the Agency , evidently under Vice President Dick Cheney 's orders , did n't inform Congress that , to assassinate al - Qaeda leaders , it was trying to develop and deploy global death squads .
( Of course , just about no one is going to call them that , but the description fits . )
Congress is now in high dudgeon .
The CIA did n't keep that body 's " Gang of Eight " informed .
A House investigation is now underway .
We 're told that the CIA -- being the president 's private army and part of the executive branch of our government -- has committed a heinous dereliction of duty .
In fact , not keeping key congressional figures up to date on the developing program could even " be illegal , " according to Senate Majority Whip Richard Durbin .
( Not that Congress , when informed of Bush administration extreme acts , ever did much of anything anyway . )
This story , however , has a largely unexplored strangeness to it that has only been discussed on the fringes of the mainstream media ( or in the press of other countries ) .
After all , during the eight years this CIA assassination program was supposedly in formation , U.S. military special ops death squads were , as far as we can tell , freely roaming the planet conducting ( or botching ) assassination missions , and the CIA 's own robot assassins , airborne death squads , were also launching operations -- sometimes wiping out innocent civilians -- from Yemen and Somalia to Pakistan .
They continue to run such operations in the skies over the Pakistani tribal borderlands near Afghanistan .
So we still await an explanation of just why the CIA spent close to eight years , under Vice Presidential oversight , getting its death squads almost operational , but never -- we 're told -- off the ground .
If there seems to be something odd about this latest flap , if there 's much that we do n't know yet , we do , at least , know one thing :
This particular small splash from the previous administration 's deep dive into crime and folly will have its brief time in the media sun and then be swallowed up by oblivion , just as each of the previous flaps has been .
After all , can you honestly tell me that you think often about the CIA torture flap , the CIA - destruction - of - interrogation - video - tapes flap , the what - did - Congress / Nancy Pelosi - really - know - about - torture - methods flap , the Bush - administration - officials -( like - Condi- Rice ) - signed - off - on - torture - methods -in-2002 - even - before - the - Justice - Department - justified - them flap , the National - Security - Agency - ( it - was - far - more - widespread - than - anyone - imagined ) - electronic - surveillance flap , the should - the - NSA 's - telecom - spies - be - investigated - and - prosecuted - for - engaging - in - illegal - warrantless - wiretapping flap , the should - CIA - torturers - be - investigated - and - prosecuted - for - using - enhanced - interrogation - techniques flap , the Abu - Ghraib - photos - ( round - two ) - suppression flap , or various versions of the can - they - close - Guantanamo , will - they - keep - detainees - in - prison - forever flaps , among others that have already disappeared into my own personal oblivion file ?
Every flap its day , evidently .
Each flap another problem ( again we 're told ) for a president with an ambitious program who is eager to " look forward , not backward . "
Of course , he 's not alone .
Given the last eight years of disaster piled on catastrophe , who in our American world would want to look backward ?
The urge to turn the page in this country is palpable , but -- just for a moment -- let 's not .
Admittedly , we 're a people who do n't really believe in history -- so messy , so discomforting , so old .
Even the recent past is regularly wiped away as the media plunge us repeatedly into various overblown crises of the moment , a 24/7 cornucopia of news , non-news , rumor , punditry , gossip , and plain old blabbing , of which each of these flaps has been but a tiny example .
In turn , any sense of the larger picture surrounding each one of them is , soon enough , lessened by a media focus on a fairly limited set of questions :
Was Congress adequately informed ?
Should the president have suppressed those photos ?
The flaps , in other words , never add up to a single Imax Flap - o - rama of a spectacle .
We seldom see the full scope of the legacy that we -- not just the Obama administration -- have inherited .
Though we all know that terrible things happened in recent years , the fact is that , these days , they are seldom to be found in a single place , no less the same paragraph .
Connecting the dots , or even simply putting everything in the same vicinity , just has n't been part of the definitional role of the media in our era .
So let me give it a little shot .
As a start , remind me :
What did n't we do ?
Let 's review for a moment .
In the name of everything reasonable , and in the face of acts of evil by terrible people , we tortured wantonly and profligately , and some of these torture techniques -- known to the previous administration and most of the media as " enhanced interrogation techniques " -- were actually demonstrated to an array of top officials , including the national security adviser , the attorney general , and the secretary of state , within the White House .
We imprisoned secretly at " black sites " offshore and beyond the reach of the American legal system , holding prisoners without hope of trial or , often , release ; we disappeared people ; we murdered prisoners ; we committed strange acts of extreme abuse and humiliation ; we kidnapped terror suspects off the global streets and turned some of them over to some of the worst people who ran the worst dungeons and torture chambers on the planet .
Unknown , but not insignificant numbers of those kidnapped , abused , tortured , imprisoned , and / or murdered were actually innocent of any crimes against us .
We invaded without pretext , based on a series of lies and the manipulation of Congress and the public .
We occupied two countries with no clear intent to depart and built major networks of military bases in both .
Our soldiers gunned down unknown numbers of civilians at checkpoints and , in each country , arrested thousands of people , some again innocent of any acts against us , imprisoning them often without trial or sometimes hope of release .
Our Air Force repeatedly wiped out wedding parties and funerals in its global war on terror .
It killed civilians in significant numbers .
In the process of prosecuting two major invasions , wars , and occupations , hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and Afghans have died .
In Iraq , we touched off a sectarian struggle of epic proportions that involved the " cleansing " of whole communities and major parts of cities , while unleashing a humanitarian crisis of remarkable size , involving the uprooting of more than four million people who fled into exile or became internal refugees .
In these same years , our Special Forces operatives and our drone aircraft carried out -- and still carry out -- assassinations globally , acting as judge , jury , and executioner , sometimes of innocent civilians .
We spied on , and electronically eavesdropped on , our own citizenry and much of the rest of the world , on a massive scale whose dimensions we may not yet faintly know .
We pretzled the English language , creating an Orwellian terminology that , among other things , essentially defined " torture " out of existence ( or , at the very least , left its definitional status to the torturer ) .
And do n't think that that 's anything like a full list .
Not by a long shot .
It 's only what comes to my mind on a first pass through the subject .
In addition , even if I could remember everything done in these years , it would represent only what has been made public .
Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was regularly mocked for saying : " There are known knowns .
These are things we know that we know .
There are known unknowns .
That is to say , there are things that we know we do n't know .
But there are also unknown unknowns .
There are things we do n't know we do n't know . "
Actually , he had a point seldom thought about these days .
By definition , we know a good deal about the known knowns , and we have a sense of an even darker world of known unknowns .
We have no idea , however , what 's missing from a list like the one above , because so much may indeed remain in the unknown - unknowns category or , as with the latest CIA assassination story , a known curiosity whose full shape and depths remain to be grasped .
If , however , you think that everything done by Washington or the U.S. military or the CIA in these last years has already been leaked , think again .
It 's a reasonable bet that the unknown unknowns the Obama administration inherited would curl your toes .
Nonetheless , what is already known , when thought about in one place , rather than divided up into separate flaps and argued about separately , is horrific enough .
War may be hell , as people often say when trying to excuse what we did in these years , but it should be remembered that , in response to the attacks of 9/11 , we , as a nation , were the ones who declared " war , " made it a near eternal struggle ( the Global War on Terror ) , and did so much to turn parts of the world into our own private hell .
Geopolitics , energy politics , vanity , greed , fear , a misreading of the nature of power in the world , delusions of military and technological omnipotence and omniscience , and so much more drove us along the way .
Perhaps the greatest fantasy of the present moment is that there is a choice here .
We can look forward or backward , turn the page on history or not .
Do n't believe it .
History matters .
Whatever the Obama administration may want to do , or think should be done , if we do n't face the record we created , if we only look forward , if we only round up the usual suspects , if we try to turn that page in history and put a paperweight atop it , we will be haunted by the Bush years until hell freezes over .
This was , of course , the lesson -- the only one no one ever bothers to call a lesson -- of the Vietnam years .
Because we were so unwilling to confront what we actually did in Vietnam -- and Laos and Cambodia -- because we turned the page on it so quickly and never dared take a real look back , we never , in the phrase of George H.W. Bush , " kicked the Vietnam syndrome . "
It still haunts us .
However busy we may be , whatever tasks await us here in this country -- and they remain monstrously large -- we do need to make an honest , clear - headed assessment of what we did ( and , in some cases , continue to do ) , of the horrors we committed in the name of ... well , of us and our " safety . "
We need to face who we 've been and just how badly we 've acted , if we care to become something better .
Now , read that list again , my list of just the known knowns , and ask yourself :
Are n't we the people your mother warned you about ?
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
He also edited The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
[ TomDispatch thanks go to ...
Joe Duax of the Nation Institute , who does an exceptional job of keeping this website humming along ; Nick Turse , who assists in so many ways , while winning awards in his other life ; Tam Turse , site photographer and keen - eyed copyeditor ; and Christopher Holmes , who holds down the Tokyo " office " of TomDispatch and keeps these pieces shipshape .
A small bow to Andy Kroll for fill - in duties and to Bill Kline , TomDispatch intern , for making the TD Facebook website a livelier place .
And a final small bow to Paul Woodward of the always fascinating War in Context website .
He was the first person I noticed to use the term " death squads " for the prospective CIA assassination teams . ]
Copyright 2009 Tom Engelhardt
Interesting article on Princeling , nothing we do n't know already though !
The Straits Times ( Singapore ) July 25 , 2009 Saturday Peh Shing HueiChina 's corporate world ruled by princes ; About 90 per cent of China 's billionaires are the children of high - ranking officialsBEIJING :
It has been days since news first broke of a graft probe in Namibia into a firm formerly run by the son of Chinese President Hu http://w3.nexis.com:80/new/images/IconInfo.gifNews, Most Recent 60 DaysJintao .
Yet , in China , hardly anyone knows of the case .
Nuctech - which makes security scanners and was headed by the 38 - year - old Mr Hu Haifeng until last year - is being investigated over a lucrative contract it had won to deliver equipment to Namibia .
It is not known if the case , which happened last year , took place while Hu junior was still in charge .
There has been nothing to suggest that he is involved in any way in the probe , but Namibia 's Anti-Corruption Commission has requested an interview with him and senior Nuctech management .
In China , discussions about the business dealings of the ' princelings ' or taizidang - offspring of political leaders - are considered taboo .
People might whisper about them over dinner tables , but will never discuss them in public .
Some princelings , such as Vice - President Xi Jinping , become public figures after being drawn into politics , but their counterparts in the corporate world shy away from the limelight .
Nevertheless , they are a force to be reckoned with .
A 2006 study by several Chinese research institutions showed that almost 90 per cent of the country 's top leaders in sectors encompassing finance , foreign trade , property development , construction and stock trading were princelings .
And about 90 per cent of China 's billionaires are the children of high - ranking officials .
Princelings have fared far better in business than in politics , observed analyst Zhang Hua , who commented on the phenomenon in Hong Kong 's Apple Daily in 2007 .
' Not a single ( princeling ) family has been left behind , ' he said sardonically .
The various families have carved out territories in various industries .
The family of former premier Li Peng , for example , controls the country 's energy sector .
His daughter Li Xiaolin is chairman of China Power International Development , an electricity monopoly .
His son Li Xiaopeng used to head Huaneng Power , another energy heavyweight .
The family of former Chinese president Jiang Zemin has moved into telecommunications , while the offspring of former premier Zhu Rongji are strong figures in banking .
His son Levin Zhu is the chief executive of China International Capital Corp .
The princelings began staking out their dominions in the business world in the 1980s when China was opening up its economy .
Armed with their fathers ' connections , they were able to exploit the opportunities thrown up by China 's economic transformation .
By the 1980s , this economic revolution had led to much public disquiet , and when students staged protests at Tiananmen Square in 1989 , much of their anger was initially directed at what they saw as rampant corruption by senior officials and their families .
The bloody crackdown that followed left deep scars in the political psyches of most Chinese .
For the princelings , Tiananmen provided further incentive to move away from politics into business .
' After 1989 , princelings in politics suffered .
They were very unpopular within the Chinese Communist Party , ' explained analyst Bo Zhiyue , an expert on China 's elite politics at the National University of Singapore 's East Asian Institute .
' It was very hard for them to get into the Central Committee .
They were not chosen at internal elections because of their family names , so many left politics and jumped into the corporate world .
' After Tiananmen , their business dealings became even more politically sensitive .
A bad slip could see their fathers stepping on that proverbial banana skin and tumbling from power .
For President Hu President Hu - Search using : http://w3.nexis.com:80/new/images/IconInfo.gifBiographies
Plus News who has repeatedly pointed out that the battle against graft is ' a matter of life and death ' - the timing of the Nuctech case could prove awkward .
In just three months , on Oct 1 , the nation will celebrate the 60th anniversary of the founding of Communist China - at which glorious occasion he is expected to be conferred the rare honour of a military review on Tiananmen Square .
Unsavoury rumours about the princelings ' business activities do damage the image of the leaders concerned , said Hong Kong - based analyst Joseph Cheng .
Still , he feels that any fallout from the Nuctech case will be extremely limited and that Mr Hu's political rivals are unlikely to use it against him because almost all the top leaders have family members with substantial stake in the corporate world.shpeh@sph.com.sg Princelings have fared far better in business than in politics , observed analyst Zhang Hua in Hong Kong 's Apple Daily in 2007 .
Five princes and their business tiesHU HAIFENG , 38 Son of Chinese President Hu President Hu - Search using : http://w3.nexis.com:80/new/images/IconInfo.gifBiographies
Plus News http://w3.nexis.com:80/new/images/IconInfo.gifNews,
Most Recent 60 DaysJintao Chief of Tsinghua Holdings , the group which controls Nuctech and 30 other companies .
Nuctech is one of the world 's top providers of security scanning equipment , supplying to about 50 nations .
It has 90 per cent of the Chinese market for scanners and X - ray systems .
WINSTON WEN YUNSONG , 35 Son of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao CEO of Beijing - based Unihub Global Networks , a telecoms services provider which he set up in 1999 .
The company mainly deals in setting up telecommunications facilities and networks for banks , stock agencies and insurance companies .
JIANG MIANHENG , 57 Son of former Chinese president Jiang Zemin Co-founded Shanghai - based Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation ( SMIC ) , which became one of the leading semiconductor foundries in the world .
Mr Jiang also sits on the board of many major Chinese companies , ranging from telecommunications and airport management to TV manufacture .
LI XIAOPENG , 50 Eldest son of former Chinese premier Li Peng
The former general manager of energy giant Huaneng Power became vice - governor of Shanxi province last year .
Huaneng develops , constructs , operates and manages large power plants throughout China .
LEVIN ZHU , 52 Son of former Chinese premier Zhu Rongji Chief executive of China International Capital Corp ( CICC ) , a state - owned company which is one of China 's largest in the field of investment banking and research .
Headquartered in Beijing , CICC , among other things , offers advice to fund managers and corporate clients on corporate restructuring , mergers and acquisitions .
The U.S. Supreme Court 's surprise decision today to consider overturning the fraud conviction of Conrad Black is " a little bit of vindication , " for the jailed former media mogul , his Chicago lawyer says .
" It 's very good .
It bodes well for Conrad ... , " Edward Genson told the Star from his Chicago office .
His staff have been in touch today with Black , who has so far served 14 months of a 6 1/2 - year sentence in a Florida jail .
" I 'm sure he 's happy .
It 's a little bit of vindication . "
Genson said the ruling could result in Black going free at least temporarily if the top court , after hearing petitions from the defence and prosecution , orders a new trial .
But he added that he has no idea how long it will take the process to unfold and the ruling could potentially come after Black has served his sentence .
The justices will hear arguments later this year over the convictions of Black , the former chairman and chief executive of the Hollinger International media company , and two other former executives in connection with payments of $ 5.5 million ( U.S. ) they received from a Hollinger subsidiary .
The men argued they did not commit fraud because they did no harm to the company .
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago upheld the convictions , but the country 's appeals courts are divided on the central issue undergirding their convictions .
Genson said only a tiny minority of such applications to the top court are successful .
Both friends and enemies of former media baron Conrad Black expressed surprise at the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision today to consider overturning his fraud conviction .
" It 's always a surprise to get ( this type of Supreme Court review ) but it was n't completely unexpected , " his lawyer , Edward Genson , told the Star from his Chicago office .
" It 's very good .
It bodes well for Conrad ... "
His staff have been in touch today with Black , who has so far served 14 months of a 6 1/2 - year sentence in a Florida jail .
Black was convicted of obstruction of justice and mail fraud in 2007 , after he and his associates took $ 5.5 million from a subsidiary of his company , Hollinger International , without telling its shareholders .
" I 'm sure he 's happy .
It 's a little bit of vindication , " said Genson , who had n't had the chance to speak to Black .
Former Hollinger shareholder Gene Fox , however , doubted that Black would get off .
" Although I 'm surprised the Supreme Court decided to review the case , I 'd be even more surprised if they overturned his conviction on the mail fraud charges , " he said .
Black 's lawyers will argue that his actions did no harm to the company , and therefore do n't constitute fraud .
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court rejected that argument and upheld Black 's conviction during an earlier appeal , arguing that taking the money was still fraud , whether or not shareholders were hurt .
Similar cases have divided courts in the United States .
Eric Sussman , the lawyer who successfully led the prosecution of the fallen media mogul , said the Supreme Court is more interested in the case because it allows them to rule on that legal technicality and not because of the case against Black itself .
" I would be surprised if the Supreme Court were to say 'it 's alright to lie to your company and your shareholders as long as it does n't hurt them financially ' , " said Sussman , who now is in private practice .
" It 's a very narrow , esoteric legal issue . "
Even if the court did overturn Black 's fraud convictions , he would remain in jail because of his obstruction of justice conviction , Sussman said .
That conviction is the source of most of the jail time in Black 's sentence .
" I 'm fairly confident he will remain in jail , " he said .
Genson said the court 's ruling today could result in Black going free at least temporarily if the top court , after hearing petitions from the defence and prosecution , orders a new trial .
But he added he has no idea how long it will take the process to unfold and the ruling could potentially come after Black has served his sentence .
The justices will hear arguments later this year .
Genson said only a tiny minority of such applications to the top court are successful .
At issue is the reach of a federal fraud statute that was originally aimed at prosecuting public officials .
The Canadian - born Black and former executives John Boultbee and Mark Kipnis argue that the $ 5.5 million actually represented management fees that the subsidiary owed to the executives .
However , at least one shareholder argued that , if the payments had been legitimate compensation , Black would have reported them at the time , instead of keeping them secret from shareholders .
Hollinger once owned the National Post and a host of other Canadian newspapers , as well as the Chicago Sun-Times , the Daily Telegraph of London , the Jerusalem Post and hundreds of community papers across Canada and the U.S .
All of Hollinger 's big papers except the Sun- Times have now been sold and the company that emerged changed its name to Sun - Times Media Group .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Black had asked president George W. Bush for a pardon before Bush left office in January .
The request was denied .
Read more about :
How did that investigation into Ashley Alexandra Dupre and the Emperor 's Club VIP start anyway ?
Gawker claims Vanity Fair has two whole reporters investigating the theory that Spitzer 's enemies on Wall Street might have tipped off the feds to his hookering habits .
It sounds plausible enough .
But Spitzer made so many enemies , and frequented call - girl rings , that even after spending nearly an hour re-reading the details of the investigation into the Emperor 's Club VIP it is impossible to speculate intelligently on the matter .
But we do know that Roger Stone , the eminently tasteful Republican consultant hired by Spitzer 's archenemy Joe Bruno to harass Spitzer 's dad , owned up to writing the FBI a letter about what he knew of Spitzer 's proclivities around the same time the investigation apparently opened .
But that was in the fall of 2007 , by which point most of the Wall Street bigs Spitzer had crossed over the financial - crime crackdown of 2001 - 2003 were presumably back to counting their money .
But would the FBI and the IRS pursue a joint money laundering / prositution case on the recommendation of a guy like Stone ?
Could the Emperor 's Club VIP have been a legitimate target of investigation without the clientele of Eliot Spitzer ?
And if you wanted to embarrass Spitzer , would you really go through the trouble of trying to get a federal case launched ?
Maybe if you were Dick Grasso .
But would n't the National Enquirer have worked just as well ?
World leaders , including the developing nations , yesterday committed themselves only to " substantially reducing global emissions by 2050 " , but failed to agree a specific target , according to a draft of the communique due to be issued later today .
The draft states : " We recognise the scientific view that the increase in global average temperature above pre-industrial levels ought not to exceed two degrees centigrade . "
The draft is due to be issued by the Major Economies Forum under the chairmanship of Barack Obama .
The MEF contributes 80 % of world emissions .
The lack of a substantive agreement , other than the desire to keep global temperatures down , leaves world leaders facing daunting negotiations to reach agreement at the Copenhagen conference in December , which is due to set the entire climate change framework covering the period from 2012 to 2050 .
Developed nations , according to the draft , agree to work in the run-up to the UN Copenhagen conference in December " to identify a global goal for substantially reducing global emissions by 2050 " .
In a weak reference to the need for interim targets for 2020 emission cuts , the draft simply states the global goal will be regularly reviewed .
The statement does not commit either developed or developing nations to the worldwide 50 % cuts target by 2050 agreed by the G8 on Wednesday .
The language agreed jointly on 2C in today 's draft is exactly the same as that deployed by the G8 nations on Wednesday .
The draft statement also states that " the financial resources for mitigation and adaptation will need to be scaled up urgently and substantially and should involve mobilising resources to support developing countries " .
But no figure is given for the scale of resources required in the communique .
Green and aid groups suggest that as much as $ 150 bn per year in additional funds will be required to help developing countries respond to the effect of climate change .
A lot of this money would be privately funded green technology transferred to developing nations , or cash raised from the nascent carbon market .
They also derided today 's draft statement , with Tearfund warning : " This rolling dialogue points to the opposite direction to urgency and must not continue .
We now have to wait until the UN September meetings when the heads of state will gather once again . "
The developing countries are refusing to commit themselves to specific target cuts at this stage partly because they do not know what proportion of the burden of cutting emissions will be taken in the interim .
Developing nations such as Mexico want the rich countries to commit themselves to 40 % carbon cuts by 2020 , against a baseline of 1990 levels , so that developing countries do not have to take responsibility for the industrialisation of the rich .
The W3C , custodians of web standards , have launched an appeal for prior art to contest an Apple patent that appears to cover any kind of automated updating procedure , including the Widget standard on which the group is working .
The patent , filed in 1995 and awarded in 1998 , and which Apple revealed to the W3C in March , covers an application contacting a central server to see if a new version is available , and downloading the replacement if it is .
As such it would appear to cover most of the automated updating systems commonly in use today , though the W3C is most concerned with the impact it 's going to have on the forthcoming widget standards .
US patent number 5,764,992 is entitled " Method and apparatus for automatic software replacement " and explicitly states steps for updating software including :
detecting whether a version of the program is stored in the designated location ;
determining whether a detected version of the program stored at the designated location is more recent than the current version of the program which is running ;
replacing the current version of the program with a more recent version that is stored at the designated location ; and
subsequently executing the more recent version of the program on the computer .
Which seems pretty comprehensive to us , and it's hard to see any reason why such a patent would n't also cover Windows Update , Firefox or any of the myriad of automatic - update systems in use today .
W3C is n't concerned about those , of course , the group is just trying to get a decent standard together for widgets - AJAX - powered applications cached locally but hosted remotely , which will certainly want to check for updates each time they are run .
Thus the search for prior art , which is looking for anything that existed before June 1995 and could be used to remotely update a widget , or invalidate Apple 's patent . ®
“ Red Shirt Blues ” Copyright © 2009 John Ecko .
All rights reserved .
I just saw the new Star Trek movie and was very impressed .
It was action packed , humorous and full of heart .
I have n’t seen a decent
Trek film in a while and this one was refreshing .
I ca n’t say it was the best one .
Star Trek 2 “ The Wrath of Kahn ” is still the best one ( in my opinion ) .
But this new one is on the right track .
Definitely worth seeing if you are an old trekkie like myself or even if you ’ve never seen any of them .
I thought the cast did an excellent job playing younger versions of those classic characters .
Well done J. J. Abrams .
This was my attempt at visualizing a battle scene between the Enterprise and a Klingon Bird of Prey .
The poem itself , “ Red Shirt Blues ” is based off the old joke from the original TV series where everytime Captain Kirk and team beam down to a strange planet , the poor souls wearing red shirts almost always end up dead ( with the exception of Scotty … do n’t know how he pulled that off … lol )
Share this : Twitter
Pinterest
Print
Reddit
Pocket
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Interesting TRUTH
The True Side of Side Effects of Popular Drugs
Added by viorel on Jun 10 , 2009 | Visited by 3898 | Voted by 27 persons
On June 4 , 2009 regulators from the United States presented a list of two dozens of drugs that are currently popular among general population , but which need to be reviewed at an early stage for possible safety problems .
Some of these drugs include pill against insomnia and weight - loss pills .
Previously some of the problems were disclosed , however , they will still need to be reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration .
Smoking Cessation Drugs
The organization said that it looks forward to analyze the new popular anti-smoking drug Chantix , developed by the company that brought to the world the well - known drug against erectile dysfunction , Viagra , Pfizer .
The FDA believes that Chantix might be responsible for issues linked with accidental injury , vision impairment and a list of other problems .
Overactive Bladder Drugs
Another drug sold by Pfitzer that is to be reviewed is overactive bladder drug Detrol .
FDA will analyze the reports regarding the drug\ 's serious side effect - Stevens - Johnson syndrome , which represents a serious skin reaction .
Sleep Disorder Drugs
The Food and Drug Administration will check Nuvigil and Provigil , which are sleep disorder drugs developed by Cephalon Inc .
The truth about these drugs is that both are believed to cause severe skin reactions .
The company did not respond to the list presented by FDA , which identified serious skin reactions linked with the patients who were administered the drug in 2007 and currently the agency carries on with studying the matter .
Weight - loss Drugs
Among other drugs that pose risk to human health there \'s orlistat , a drug for those wishing to lose weight , sold by Roche Inc as the prescription drug .
It is also sold by GlaxoSmithKline Plc as the over - the - counter drug called Alli .
According to the Food and Drug Administration , it will estimate the liver toxicity reports linked to orlistat .
HIV Drugs
Sustiva , an HIV drug sold by Bristol - Myers Squibb Co , was listed because of a report about an eye - related birth defect .
According to FDA , in March 2009 it added the description of the Sustiva - related case to the prescribing instructions of the drug .
Contraceptive Drugs
Another drug under FDA \'s investigation is Yasmin , a contraceptive developed by Bayer AG .
The drug was reported to cause pancreatitis .
What Do the Companies Say ?
Roche Inc :
The spokesman for Roche , Terry Hurley , expressed the company \'s opinion regarding the list presented by the FDA , which says that the available information \ " does not suggest that [ the weight - loss drug ] orlistat is causally related \ " to problems with liver .
He mentioned that obesity itself can serve as a risk factor for liver problems .
GlaxoSmithKline Plc : Mary Anne Rhyne , who works as spokesman for the pharmaceutical company Glaxo , mentioned that \ " no causal relationship ... has been established \ " between the over - the - counter weight loss drug Alli and hepatitis , a liver disease .
Pfizer :
The company \'s spokeswoman , Sally Beatty , also had something to comment on the list .
She mentioned that the creator of the smoking cessation drug Chantix analyzes any reports of health issues and \ " as with all our medicines , we work with the FDA to ensure our labeling reflects the latest safety information . \ "
In 2008 the FDA stated that it was paying more attention on Chantix after hundreds patients reported a number of accidents such as vision loss .
Bristol - Myers Squibb Co :
The spokeswoman for Bristol - Myers Squibb Co , Cristi Barnett , outlined that the HIV drug Sustiva features a label that says that Sustiva should only be administered by pregnant women \ " if the benefit to the patient justifies the potential risk to the fetus . \ "
Bayer AG :
The company \'s spokeswoman Rose Talarico said the listing \ " was not prompted by any change in the existing safety profile\ " of the contraceptive drug Yasmin and Bayer AG \" continues to work with the FDA to ensure that the most up - to - date and accurate safety information\ " is featured in the drug\ 's label .
It is worth mentioning that the Food and Drug Administration unveils a quarterly list of its drug reviews with the goal of making the public aware of the early studies of possible side effects that were reported .
The agency informed that the problems it is about to address to the pubic represents safety issues and if they are present in the list it \" does not mean that FDA has identified a causal relationship\ " with the drug .
The drug industry is making a lot of money on its products , some companies deciding it is better to make more money than to provide real cure to more people .
With FDA it might be possible that pharmaceutical companies will revise their attitude towards real treatment of patients .
On the other hand , it seems that whenever a certain problem is addressed it might not be completely solved or if it is eliminated a few more issues come into light , making it more difficult for specialist to identify the real side effects of certain drugs .
You want to buy a camera ?
We can pit it against three others with nearly indistinguishable features , no problem .
Blu -ray players ?
We 'll compile a three - axis matrix that triangulates the perfect combination of image quality , connected functionality and price .
But if you 're considering the Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport , we can't do much for you .
Comparing it to any other car is pointless , because there is nothing else in its $ 2.1 - million ( based on current exchange rates ) class .
That same cash - filled briefcase could buy seven Ferrari 599s or every single 2009 model Mercedes .
You could snap up a top - shelf Maybach and employ a chauffeur until well past the apocalypse .
Hell , in this economy , $ 2.1 million is probably enough to make you a one - man special - interest group with some serious Washington clout .
But do n't .
Buy a Grand Sport .
Even if there were another 253 - mph drop - top with more luxury appointments than a Bond villain 's boudoir , you would n't want it .
You 'd want this exact car , because more than being a blast to drive , it is the greatest gasoline - powered vehicle that has ever been , or will ever be , built .
Seriously .
Take a moment and consider what Bugatti has done :
Because a handful of billionaires demanded that the fastest car in the world be available topless , the Volkswagen - owned ultra- luxury automaker essentially broke the laws of physics .
Again .
The first Veyron is an engineering marvel .
That 's the one with the massively reinforced roof that helped keep the rest of the body from deforming into an amoebic tangle of graphite composite and exotic metal under the joint stresses of lateral acceleration , horsepower and wind .
It stands as one of the greatest achievements of the petroleum age .
It required the intellectual might of one of the largest and arguably smartest car companies in the world to birth a car that was not only faster than anything on the road , but easy enough to pilot that anyone could drive it .
( " It killed my husband " is not the kind of country - club buzz that sells cars . )
To make the Grand Sport , Bugatti's engineers had to do the same thing , only with a giant hole in the middle .
It was like designing a picture frame to break rocks .
They had to bolster the floor , doors and B pillars ( where the back edges of the windows rest ) with acres of carbon fiber .
They had to turn the topside air scoops into structural supports for protection during a rollover .
Then they had to sacrifice 100 virgins and have the production facility in Molsheim , France , blessed by druids .
The result is the most structurally rigid convertible in the world , which , miraculously , weighs no more and goes no slower than the coupe on which it is based .
With the transparent roof removed , air resistance limits the Grand Sport to 217 mph , but you 'd want that roof on for a top - speed run anyway ; the wind could rip your face off at around 245 .
By now , the Veyron 's stats are legendary : 1,001 horsepower from a mid-mounted , 8.0 - liter , 16 - cylinder engine that gets air stuffed down its ravenous gullet by four massive turbochargers .
All - wheel drive .
A seven - speed , dual - clutch transmission that switches gears faster than a state staffer ducking questions about the Appalachian Trail .
Depending on how you define " production car , " it is the fastest in the world .
In the quickest Lamborghini ever produced , the Murcielago LP640 , you can hit 60 mph in 3.2 seconds .
In the Grand Sport it takes a hair under 2.5 .
How does it feel to command that pace ?
Godlike .
The acceleration is so immediate you can feel your eyeballs deform under the G - forces .
It 's a sensation of isolationist joy , an out - of - body awareness that you 're moving faster than the world can react .
Bystanders vaguely remember seeing a flash of expensive paint a few seconds after you disappear over the horizon ; entire generations of insects die on your prow .
Passing other motorists becomes a dangerous entitlement that has you resenting oncoming traffic for hogging your " VIP lane " – especially when you realize that you can outrun not only the 5 - 0 's cruisers , but their helicopters , too .
If they wanna catch you , they 're gonna have to dust off Airwolf and drag Jan Michael Vincent out of rehab .
But this is n't just some dumb auto - jock that takes off from stoplights in a hail of shredded asphalt , molten Michelins and screaming revs .
If anything , the exhaust note is a bit tame , and the power is manageable .
Unlike driving , say , a Viper SRT - 10 , you 're not in constant fear of accidentally going around a turn ass - end first because you blipped the go - pedal a half - inch too deep .
Though the Veyron has almost twice as much power as the super - snake , its all - wheel - drive and 14 - inch - wide tires grip the ground with the tenacity of a junkie clutching a five - dollar bill .
A lot of factors contribute to this prodigious hunker - down : the aforementioned tires ( Michelin developed them specifically to accommodate the Veyron 's top speed ) and AWD ; the giant mid-mounted engine , placed to provide perfect 45/55 weight distribution ; the insanely advanced aerodynamics and suspension , which automatically change the shape and ride - height of the car to provide an extra 800 pounds of downforce when you exceed 137 miles per hour ( they'd be illegal in Formula 1 competition , incidentally ) .
And then there 's the sheer mass :
Though its power - to - weight ratio bests the Ferrari F430 by almost 50 percent , the Veyron , at 4,400 pounds , is still more than half a ton heavier .
And gravity is one tenacious bitch .
This car sticks to the ground like 1,000 - horsepower gum .
Push the Grand Sport hard , and the rear - biased AWD will start to feel looser , making the car light and nimble through the twisties .
But even when attacking some seriously hairy turns from deep in triple digits , the Veyron never gave up its grip .
And when we almost blew it on a butt - puckering downhill double - apex , the all - wheel - drive system put power in just the right place to pull the car back in line .
All while we sat comfortably in bucket seats that made our couch seem fit only for the waiting room of the DMV .
Bugatti offers seven different seat shapes , to accommodate the seven known varieties of billionaire : lust , gluttony , greed , sloth , wrath , envy and pride .
Each is based around a carbon - fiber shell and available in whatever animal skin the laws of your kingdom permit .
Our test car was fitted with caramel - colored leather .
It was nice , but the light hue reflected quite a bit of glare off the steep rake of the windshield .
Other luxury touches include a stereo , we 're told .
The CD player is custom - designed by Burmeister to operate skip - free at 250 miles per hour .
We never turned it on .
With the carbon fiber and polycarbonate roof removed , you have the only soundtrack you need : the engine 's growl ( could be louder ) and the roar of the twin air intakes , which suck air like a ■■■■■■■ two rolls of quarters ■■■■■■■■■■ quart of Sterno ■■■■■■ ■ Las Vegas .
There 's also a navigation system .
It might be the finest example of passive aggression ever assembled ; Bugatti's engineers clearly do n't want you to use it .
You can only program the system with a separate , 2005 - vintage PDA .
If you can stomach the Windows Mobile interface long enough to set your destination , you get to view your route guidance in a tiny screen in the rearview mirror .
Theoretically .
As long as it's nighttime .
It 's invisible in the daylight , and the Grand Sport is a convertible .
But even if its nav system shouted insults at you , it would be hard to complain about this machine .
It is not perfect – no car will ever be .
But it 's close .
And it will likely remain as close as a car with a gasoline - burning engine will ever get .
We 're at the end of the petroleum era , the end of a golden age of supercars where speed can be sought regardless of consequence .
It 's highly unlikely that a major automaker will ever be able to justify spending the time and money to develop a fossil - fuel - powered car that can top the Veyron 's combination of power , speed , handling , driveability and flat - out luxury .
The Grand Sport is the worthy successor to the Ferrari F40 , the Lamborghini Diablo , the McLaren F1 and every other Texas tea - drinker that ever owned the title " world 's fastest . "
And its high - level swank takes that prize with style points nonpareil .
Maybe we 'll idolize maglevs next .
Maybe Tesla will have its day on a Trapper Keeper with a juice box that tops 250 .
But whatever we 're drooling over next year , whatever makes its way onto the dorm - room walls and man-children 's screen - savers , it wo n't run on petrol .
Unless it 's still a Veyron : the last king of the gas - guzzlers , forever the greatest .
All hail .
If Obama means it on lesbian / gay civil rights , he must reverse this position by his Justice Department , which claims , bizarrely , that federal court is not an appropriate venue for the suit because the couple is married under California law .
That ’s just the problem – they are legally married , but DOMA deprives them of access to the myriad benefits that the federal government confers on married couples .
Where else are they supposed to go ?
State courts do not have the power to invalidate federal legislation .
The European Court of Human Rights lacks jurisdiction .
( Memo to all queers : the important thing about DOMA is not interstate recognition of same - sex marriages .
In one of those odd laws that is n’t written down anywhere , states have always had substantial leeway to refuse recognition to marriages that violate their public policy preferences , so DOMA breaks no new ground on that point .
The important thing about DOMA is that it deprives all same - sex couples of the federal benefits of marriage , even if they ’re legally married in their home state . )
Even more bizarrely , the Obama Justice Department has begun to argue that DOMA is “ neutral ” about marriage .
Horseshit .
It ’s not neutral at all .
It deprives a significant chunk of the population of their right to equal protection of the laws .
By Matt McGrath
Science reporter , BBC News
The giant tortoise of the Galapagos islands is an icon of evolution
The famous Galapagos giant tortoises could be at serious risk from mosquitoes that have developed a taste for reptile blood , experts have warned .
Scientists say increased tourism means there is now a greater risk of a disease - carrying insect being transported to the islands .
Local mosquitoes that have evolved to feed on reptiles could then pick up the diseases and pass them on .
Galapagos wildlife has little immunity to mosquitoes due to their isolation .
The study was published in the US journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The world 's largest living tortoises are an icon of evolution , growing so large on the isolated islands because of the absence of natural predators .
But recent observations by scientists suggest that it is the evolution of mosquitoes that could now pose a very real threat to island wildlife .
On the mainland of South America , the insects prefer to bite mammals but they have adapted their behaviour to favour reptile blood on the Galapagos .
Increasing tourism means there is now a concern about the arrival of infected mosquitoes carrying diseases like avian malaria and West Nile fever , against which giant tortoises and marine iguanas have no immunity .
Mosquitoes arrived 200,000 years ago and evolved to feed on reptiles Arnaud Bataille from the University of Leeds in the UK carried out the research .
He said that mosquitoes arrived on the Galapagos 200,000 years ago and were not introduced by humans as previously thought .
But he said when the mosquitoes first arrived on the islands , the only mammals were sea lions .
" It [ the mosquito ] was looking for some blood .
What it was going to find is these huge reptiles and marine iguanas , so I think it gave it a go and liked it a lot , " he said .
In an effort to cut the risk of mosquitoes and other insects being transported to the islands , the Ecuadorian government now require planes flying to the Galapagos to be sprayed with insecticide .
Similar measures have yet to be introduced on ships .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Blog
To help with the increasing amount of new information , a " blog " site has been setup for research relating to the Book of Mormon lands in Baja California .
Click the link below .
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
Certain East African male cichlids , a kind of freshwater fish , have evolved a really odd way to increase their little sperms ' chance of reproductive success .
The game plan goes as follows :
Females of these species lay their eggs before they 're fertilized and then gobble them up and store them in their mouths to keep them safe .
The males need to get their sperm into an egg - filled mouth to have fish babies .
It might work if they just put flung their sperm out there in the water near a female , but that 's a bit of a shot in the dark ( water ) .
So the males ' anal fins have evolved to have spots that look like cichlid eggs .
The females ( displaying the notorious fish intelligence ) think the spots are their own eggs , so they come over to eat 'em .
The males then squirt out their sperm , which the females unintentionally gobble down , thinking maybe they 're eating their own eggs .
How long before teachers and parents start adding these East African cichlids to their explanations to young 'uns about the birds and bees ?
Do you ever find yourself lacking support , your middle and index fingers dangling all over the place ? — yes ! — well you 're in luck , Handerpants are here to save the day .
Advertisement
I 'm normally a Hander - boxers guy , but I need something more for my workouts on the iPhone Treadmill — that 's where these tighty - whities shine .
The Handerpants are made of 95 % cotton and 5 % Spandex to ensure a comfortable fit , and are a bargain at $ 11.95 a pair .
If you still can't get enough Handerpants magic after watching the video , there is a free ringtone so you can relive the wonderment everytime you get a call .
[ Handerpants via Craziest Gadgets ]
The White House will step up efforts to revive the near - moribund Middle East peace process this week , with senior Obama administration officials deployed to seek progress between Israel , Syria and the Palestinians .
George Mitchell , the president 's special envoy , flew to Tel Aviv today after " candid and positive " talks in Damascus with President Bashar al - Assad , who is being wooed by Obama after being shunned by the Bush administration .
Mitchell went straight into a meeting with Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister .
The US envoy said restarting talks between Israel and Syria was a " near - term goal " for Washington .
" I told President Assad that President Obama is determined to facilitate a truly comprehensive Arab - Israeli peace , " he told reporters .
Indirect negotiations between Syria and Israel , mediated by Turkey and centred on the occupied Golan Heights , were suspended during Israel 's offensive against the Gaza Strip in December .
Turkey said earlier this month it was ready to resume mediation efforts .
But there has been no public sign from Syria that Assad has agreed to influence Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement that controls Gaza , and the bitter opponent of the West Bank - based Palestinian Authority .
Hamas , listed as a terrorist organisation by the US and Britain , is based in Damascus .
The US is sending an ambassador back to Syria after withdrawing the previous incumbent in 2005 in protest at the Beirut assassination of Rafiq al - Hariri , the former Lebanese prime minister , which was widely blamed on Damascus , despite repeated denials .
Syria 's foreign minister , Walid al - Muallem , said in London on Friday that Damascus - Tehran 's only Arab ally - could help find a way out of the impasse over Iran 's nuclear ambitions , complicated by domestic turmoil since last month 's disputed presidential elections .
Underlining intensifying US diplomacy in the region , the defence secretary , Robert Gates , is also due in Israel tomorrow for talks with Barak and Binyamin Netanyahu , the prime minister , on missile defence , Iran and bilateral security issues .
General Jim Jones , Obama 's national security adviser , and Dennis Ross , a senior Middle East and Iran expert , are also due to in Israel .
The flurry of high - level activity follows Obama 's long - heralded speech to the Arab and Muslim worlds in Cairo in June , when the president made clear his strategic commitment to working to achieve Middle East peace .
These latest moves are intended to achieve concrete results .
Mitchell and Barak have been trying to agree a delicate compromise on freezing Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank - a hot potato in Israeli domestic politics but vital if Arab countries are to take any steps , at the urging of the US , to " normalise " relations with Israel .
Netanyahu has pledged not to build new outposts or expropriate territory in the West Bank .
But he insists construction must continue to accommodate " natural " Jewish population growth .
The precise definition of a moratorium has yet to be agreed , though Israeli officials speak of exempting 2,500 housing units that are still being built .
Palestinians and Arabs say a total freeze is the minimum required and accuse Netanyahu of bad faith .
Mitchell is also due to see Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian president , at his Ramallah headquarters .
In London , meanwhile , the all - party Commons foreign affairs committee urged the British government to talk to moderates within Hamas .
Russia is the only member of the Quartet of Middle East peace brokers - which also comprises the US , UN and EU - which talks to Hamas .
" We conclude that there continue to be few signs that the current policy of non-engagement is achieving the Quartet 's stated objectives , " the committee said .
" The credible peace process for which the Quartet hopes , as part of its strategy for undercutting Hamas , is likely to be difficult to achieve without greater co-operation from Hamas itself . "
Israel remains implacably opposed to any dealings with Hamas , but pressure has been growing elsewhere for change .
In March , Britain changed tack by announcing that it would end its boycott of the political wing of Lebanon 's Iranian - backed Hezbollah - which is represented in the Lebanese parliament - but it remains opposed to talking to the Palestinian group .
BEIRUT , July 28 , 2009 ( MENASSAT ) —
The committee , made up of 14 members of Parliament , monitors British foreign policy and makes recommendations , to which the British government must respond within 2 months .
The report recommends seeking Hamas ’ cooperation , as a means to undermine the group ’s platform .
" We further conclude that the credible peace process for which the Quartet hopes , as part of its strategy for undercutting Hamas , is likely to be difficult to achieve without greater co-operation from Hamas itself , " the report said .
It also points out that it makes little sense to engage Hezbollah but not Hamas .
" We further recommend that the government should set out the relevant differences between the cases of Hezbollah and Hamas that lead it to conclude that engagement with moderate elements within Hamas is not currently worth attempting .
" The report praised a partial arms embargo against Israel , specifically of British - exported parts for Saar 4.5 naval vessels , in light of alleged war crimes committed in Gaza , .
Earlier this month , Britain had tried to play down the arms embargo , preferring the vague claim that licenses for certain exports had been revoked , because they constitute a “ contravention ” for the terms of sale .
Only when pushed to clarify , “ ” The British Embassy [ in Tel Aviv ] said licenses could be revoked where there is a risk that ‘ arms will be used for external aggression or internal repression .
’’ In the same vein , the report strenuously avoids specifying the reasons for the embargo — Israel ’s misuse of armaments against civilians in contravention of international law .
“ We welcome the Government ’s investigation into Israel ’s use of UK - sourced military items during its campaign in Gaza .
We conclude that it is regrettable thatcomponents supplied by the UK were ‘ almost certainly ’ used in a variety of ways by Israeli forces during the most recent conflict in Gaza , and that this constitutes a failure of past Government arms export control policy .
We recommend that the Government should continue to do everything possible to ensure that this does not happen again .
” The Foreign affairs committee urged the government to expand the embargo and “ specify any end - use restrictions which it places on exports of components for unmanned aerial vehicles for incorporation in Israel for onward export .
” In addition , the committee urged the EU to “ make any ‘ upgrade ’ of its relations with Israel conditional on Israel halting practices which are prejudicial to the achievement of a two - state solution .
This could be through a settlement freeze and an easing of Israeli restrictions on access into Gaza .
We recommend that in its response to this Report , the Government should specify the conditions that the EU is setting for Israel for securing the ‘ upgrade ’ in relations .
” The harshest language in the report urges the government to take a stand whether Israel committed war crimes in Gaza .
“ We recommend that in its response to this Report the FCO should state whether it considers that violations of the laws of war were committed during the December 2008 / January 2009 conflict in Gaza and southern Israel . ”
The committee also condemned as “ unacceptable that Israel continues to deny unrestricted access for humanitarian assistance to Gaza .
We further conclude that there are indications that Israel is seeking to use its control over the transfer of humanitarian and other supplies into Gaza partly for political objectives .
” While the UK has seemingly plotted a more independent and sober line in the Middle East since the beginning of the year , the committee ’s report suggests that Britain still couches any shift in policy within the framework of the Quartet ’s goals and looks to Washington for guidance .
At the beginning of the report ’s “ conclusions and recommendations , ” the committee devotes a paragraph to Israel ’s position : “ We conclude that rocket fire from Gaza by Hamas and other Palestinian groups on civilian targets in Israel is unacceptable .
It generates the risk of a renewed escalation in violence , and constitutes a central obstacle in the way of Israeli willingness to move forward towards a two - state settlement .
We therefore conclude that the British Government is correct to support Israel ’s goal of bringing rocket fire from Gaza to an end .
” The committee also concludes “ that the apparent shift in the US approach to Israel under President Obama constitutes an important and potentially effective change in the external pressures facing the country . ”
Taking this a step further , the committee suggests that “ efforts at diplomatic persuasion have to date been ineffective in securing Israeli compliance with a number of Quartet demands . ”
But the report does not mention any further non-diplomatic sanctions to secure Israeli compliance , aside from the partial arms embargo .
The report also coincided with British Foreign Secretary David Miliband ’s announcement that the UK should talk to moderate members of the Taliban .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has also made similar suggestions , indicating that Britain — which faces less pressure at home from right - wing pro-Israeli groups than Obama ’s administration -- may be coordinating the new policy of talking to groups classified as “ terrorists ” with the United States .
The same day the British foreign affairs committee issued its findings , the Israeli government lashed out at Britain and the EU for funding “ Breaking the Silence ’s ” activities — a group of former Israeli soldiers who recently testified that violations of humanitarian law were committed in Gaza .
" For a government to fund political activities in a foreign democratic country , whether that activity is pro or against the government of that country is very strange , " said an Israeli official .
" It 's a very strange interference . "
After a meeting between the NRL and the Roosters , Myles was last night given the longest suspension yet for off - field misbehaviour .
The fine reflects the NRL's frustration with the club after a complaint against coach Brad Fittler two weeks ago for knocking on the door of two women in a drunken state at the team 's Townsville hotel and the arrest last week of hooker Jake Friend and fellow rookie Sandor Earl .
" There can be no ambiguity about the behaviour and there can be no excuse , " NRL chief executive David Gallop said .
" The facts around the incident are clear and players have to accept personal responsibility .
" Clubs , too , need to accept that they need to take control of the behaviour within their organisation and as much as the Roosters have acted in this matter the issue of three alcohol - related incidents in three weeks , not to mention other offences in the year , is unacceptable .
If this had been an official team function the fine would certainly have been higher . "
Gallop said that Myles , who had been suffering from an upset stomach since going into camp before Origin II , had apologised but he was determined that the poor behaviour of some players should not discredit the game .
" I respect the fact that Nate tried to make amends to the guests involved and that he rang me to apologise but saying sorry simply is n't enough , " he said .
" There are many inspirational people in our game from the grassroots to the NRL and they do not deserve to be associated with this sort of behaviour .
" We make no apology for treating each issue on its merits and on the basis of the facts we have at our disposal at the time . "
Myles was one of a number of players who volunteered ( independent of the Roosters ) to attend the junior league function on Saturday night .
Noise complaints were made about the room in which some of the Roosters players were staying at 3.45 am and 4 am .
Roosters chief executive Steve Noyce apologised to members , fans , sponsors and others connected with his club .
" This is an embarrassing position for everyone associated with the Roosters but we have to face up to these issues and we need our senior players to be a part of that process , " he said .
" We work very hard to reward the faith people place in us and for the most part we achieve that goal .
Moments like this will only make us work even harder . "
Earlier in the day , the Roosters had lauded Myles for helping the club to sign his former Bulldogs teammate Daniel Conn from the Titans on a two - year deal .
Queensland Rugby League general manager Ross Livermore said he was disappointed that Myles would be unavailable for Origin III but had no issue with the penalty .
" Obviously there 's an indiscretion there and the club and NRL has seen it appropriate to put a suspension on him , " Livermore told Fairfax 's brisbanetimes.com.au .
" We 've got to abide by that because you can't pick suspended players .
Nate will have to have a look at the situation for next year when the series comes around again .
" If it 's appropriate that he be fined and suspended and the clubs agree to it , so be it .
It 's unfortunate for him and us .
He 'll have to live with that .
That will open up the door for someone else . "
THE MAROONS PROBABLE SQUAD Fullback Billy Slater
Wing Darius Boyd
Centre Greg Inglis
Centre Justin Hodges
Wing Willie Tonga
Five - eighth Darren Lockyer
Halfback Johnathan Thurston
Prop Steve Price
Hooker Cameron Smith
Prop Matt Scott
Second-row Ashley Harrison
Second-row Sam Thaiday
Lock Dallas Johnson
Interchange Karmichael Hunt , David Shillington , Neville Costigan , Michael Crocker
Numerous Twitter users are reporting that access to Twitter and Facebook has once again been blocked in mainland China .
This latest blockade comes one month after China has blocked access to these two sites , together with other major social networks and search engines .
According to ComputerWorld , Twitter has already been inaccessible in the last couple of days ; Web2Asia now reports that since 8 pm Chinese time Facebook has also been blocked .
This has been confirmed by users on Twitter , some of which link the latest blockade to Uighur protests in Xinjiang , which had left over 150 people killed and over 1,000 wounded .
This latest attempt at censorship comes as no surprise as the Chinese government has sought to tighten its control over the Internet in the last couple of months .
Unfortunately , the mechanisms of censorship seem to react faster and work better each time they 're employed .
In case you were n’t at the Secular Student Alliance conference last week ( and if not , I demand a good explanation ) , you can now see PZ Myers ‘ keynote speech :
Incidentally , that talk is on the SSA ’s new YouTube channel , which will also have other talks from the conference in the near future .
Subscribe , donate , tell your friends !
SYDNEY ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Tanning beds have been ranked alongside cigarettes , arsenic and asbestos as posing the greatest threat of cancer to humans by an international cancer research group .
A man lies on a tanning bed as he begins a session at a tanning salon in Shanghai August 1 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Nir Elias
The International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) has moved ultra-violet emitting tanning beds to its highest cancer risk category and labeled them as “ carcinogenic to humans ” after ruling they are more dangerous than previously suggested .
The France - based agency , which is part of the World Health Organization , had previously classified sunlamps and tanning beds as “ probably ” carcinogenic to humans .
The research , published in the latest edition of The Lancet Oncology medical journal , found using tanning beds could increase the risk of developing cancer by 75 percent , particularly if used by children and young adults .
“ The risk of skin melanoma is increased by 75 percent when use of tanning devices starts before 30 years of age , ” said the report .
The IARC report came after scientists from nine countries met in June to reassess the risks of cancer from different types of radiation , with solar radiation the main source of human exposure to ultraviolet radiation .
The IARC has since 1971 published a series of “ Monographs on the Evaluation of Carcinogenic Risks to Humans , ” also known as WHO ’s encyclopedia of carcinogens , ranking the risk agents in groups from one to four .
Group 1 , the new ranking for tanning beds , also includes asbestos , arsenic and tobacco products .
The WHO has stated that is does not recommend the use of UV tanning devices for cosmetic purposes with sunbeds now being made to produce higher levels of UVB to mimic the sun and speed up the tanning process .
Some countries and U.S. states regulate the multi-billion dollar industry , with some banning teenagers from using sunbeds or requiring consent from their parents or doctor .
In Australia , children are banned from using solariums and it is a requirement for the tanning industry to post warnings of health problems , including skin cancer , that is associated with artificial tanning in salons .
This regulation was enforced by a court ruling following the death of Clare Oliver who died in September 2007 at the age of 26 after losing her battle with cancer that she said was caused by her visits to tanning salons .
The U.S. government is deeper in debt than it has been since just after World War II .
When Bill Clinton , who actually reduced the federal deficit as a portion of GDP , left office , the Congressional Budget Office projected an $ 800 billion dollar yearly budget surplus for the years 2009 to 2012 .
Now CBO projects an annual budget deficit of a whopping $ 1.2 trillion .
Although Republicans are blaming Barack Obama for this gargantuan budget gap , George W. Bush is responsible for 53 percent of the total , according to the New York Times .
Another 37 percent is due to the recession of the early part of the decade and the global meltdown that began in late 2007 .
Obama is responsible for only 10 percent of the total .
Yet the reason that Obamas portion is so small is because George W. Bush , a big - government Republican , was in office for eight years , and Obama has been in office less than six months .
Obama has been spending at a phenomenal rate on a pork - filled stimulus bill and an expansive domestic agenda .
Thus , Obama is guilty of making Bushs legacy of massive red ink even worse .
Obamas budget would double the projected deficit over the next 10 years .
By 2019 , federal spending is projected to be an eye - popping quarter of the nations GDP .
By contrast , for four decades federal taxation has averaged about 18 percent of GDP .
These massive deficits , accumulating as a monstrous national debt , could cause hyperinflation and the prolonged economic stagnation ( stagflation ) that would make the 1970s look like an economic picnic .
Yet a liberal Democratic president and Congress seem determined to pass an ambitious domestic program , including expanded health care coverage even after two costly wars and an irresponsible expansion of Medicare under Bush have already led the nation into financial ruin .
The big entitlements , Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security , will eventually have to be cut , but politicians are too scared to do so now .
The biggest chunk of the non-entitlement budget is defense spending sucking up almost $ 700 billion a year , including the cost of the two wars .
Thus , defense spending must be slashed .
Although Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has altered defense priorities , he has not proposed massive defense budget cutsunlike Congressman Barney Frank , who has courageously proposed a 50 percent cut in Pentagon funding .
The two main obstacles to significantly slashing the defense budget are vested interests that support unneeded or Cold War-era weapons and the persistence in grandiose and interventionist objectives by the American elite when shaping U.S. foreign policy , even in the face of economic cataclysm .
If the Pentagon halted the Cold War-era F - 22 fighter program and eliminated the unneeded DDG - 1000 destroyer and the Virginia - class submarine programs , as it should , it would save only $ 7 billion per year .
If it scrapped the questionable V - 22 , a transport aircraft for Marines , it would save only $ 2.8 billion .
Canceling a costly missile defense system and the Armys next generation armored vehicle , and nixing the expansion of that services personnel , would also save tens of billions .
That two - thirds of the Pentagons major weapon systems experience significant cost overruns and average two years behind schedule indicates that the defense procurement system is a failed socialist enterprise .
Yet if we want to cut the Pentagon budget by almost $ 350 billion a year , these laudable cuts only get us so far .
To really put a dent in the $ 1.2 trillion dollar deficit , the U.S. must end the counterproductive wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and , instead of bringing the forces home , simply dismantle them .
Much of the Pentagons budget pays for personnel and military operations .
Thus , instead of expanding the Army , the nation needs to dismantle all forces stationed abroad on land and sea and some of those based at home .
In other words , the nation must take the radical step of designing a much more modest military that fulfills only the Constitutional mandate to provide for the common defense ,  instead of maintaining a global armed presence and constantly intervening in the affairs of other nations that is , being offensive .
Adopting the more restrained foreign policy of a republic , instead of the current expansive posture of an empire , and significantly shrinking the standing armed forces would return America to the fine tradition of the nations founders .
Thieves have used a digger to remove a cash machine from a supermarket in County Fermanagh .
The robbery at the shop at Clones Road , Newtownbutler , was reported to police at about 0430 BST on Saturday .
After removing the ATM from the shop , the robbers set the digger on fire and made off in a white vehicle with cash .
Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them .
Welcome !!!
Please read our community rules ( not many , but alas they are necessary ) right here !!
If you wish to know the latest events happening here 's our upcoming events here !!
Here 's a link to the alphabetical upcoming event calendar if you are looking for a specific type of event / theme here
If you have some ads you 'd like to post for an event but wo n't be around or available , here is how to do a scheduled post
If you have any questions , never hesitate to ask !!
You can PM me here on LJ or email me ( please put vintage ads in the subject ) .
If you are a regular long time member and if phoning is easier for you , contact me and I 'll even give you my phone # .
Is this Sony playing catch - up to Microsoft 's Project Natal ?
It may be developing a system that lets you control the PS3 with real world objects , like coffee mugs , glasses , bongs , and books .
Advertisement
This is n't the motion controller wand we saw at E3 .
It looks a little more like Microsoft 's Project Natal , except you 'd actually be using physical objects — anything you had lying around — as a motion controller .
Advertisement
The object ( demonstrated in the diagram by that U - shaped - looking thing ) is mapped into the system by rotating it in front of the camera , and saving it as a file .
If this sees the light of day , I give it 24 hours until we see the first YouTube video of someone playing Killzone with their Chihuahua .
I also wonder if Sony will comment on this patent when it coughs up more details on its E3 announcements at the Develop Conference on July 14 .
Advertisement
[ Siliconera via Kotaku ]
Angantyr may cause vomiting , diarrhea , blindness or violent mood swings .
Contact your doctor to see if Angantyr is right for you .
Angantyr has not been tested on pregnant or lactating women .
Angantyr is not for children .
It 's good that I 'm not a reporter anymore .
I had this unfortunate habit of telling politicians what I thought of their policies ( I once asked one , " How do you look at yourself in the mirror ? " ) , and we know that sort of behavior just would n't help me get ahead in the Beltway media bubble .
Instead , I get to tell the world what I think of Max Baucus : that he 's an amoral ass , someone who 's more interested in successful horse - trading over a bill than actually achieving the goal of insuring people who genuinely need help :
A group of key Senate negotiators has found a way to further reduce the price tag of the health care reform bill , bringing it in line with a $ 1 trillion target and moving the Senate Finance Committee closer to a deal , Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont . ) said Thursday .
" We have options that would enable us to write a $ 1 trillion bill fully paid for , " Baucus said .
But the bipartisan group of Senate negotiators issued a statement saying they were moving ahead .
It was meant to signal that , despite the slow going and the many issues that have yet to be resolved , they intend to reach a compromise .
" As we have been for the last several weeks , we are committed to continuing our work toward a bipartisan bill that will lower costs and ensure quality , affordable care for every American , " the group said .
Well , no .
Not every American .
But really , they figured out something that 's so cool , you wo n't believe it !
[...]
The cost became the top concern of Finance Committee senators after they received an estimate last week from the Congressional Budget Office claiming that an early version of the bill would top $ 1.6 trillion , or $ 600 billion more than expected .
The senators said they found $ 400 billion in savings earlier this week , largely by reducing the amount of subsidies for low - income individuals to buy insurance .
Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) said they found much of the additional $ 200 billion in savings by further adjusting the level of subsidies .
It is unclear , however , whether they would reduce the amount of each subsidy or lower the income level at which people become eligible .
Now , how clever is that ?
The way to solve the problem is to make sure that the poorest Americans have to cough up more money .
In other words , the law will require them to be insured - but they wo n't be able to afford it .
Problem solved !
" It is now a process of determining where does the support lie for which of these options that are chosen , " Conrad said .
" This is very substantial movement , very significant progress and very encouraging .
Everybody who heard these numbers this morning had smiles on their faces , I can tell you that . "
Must .
Go. Bang .
Head .
On . Wall ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
To those of you that have not already read “ We Bring Fear , ” Chuck Bowden ’s amazing piece on the plight of Mexican journalist Emilio Gutiérrez Soto , well , get on it .
For everyone else , I thought I ’d share with you how Immigration and Customs Enforcement used a ridiculous legal argument to keep Emilio behind bars and separated from his son for seven months .
Mother Jones obtained a copy of one of the rejection letters sent to Emilio and his lawyer , Carlos Spector , after they requested Emilio ’s parole .
( See annotated version below ) .
In it , Robert Jolicoeur , Field Office Director at the El Paso center where Emilio was detained , claims that Emilio failed to meet 4 of the 5 criteria required for asylum applicants to receive parole .
But the grounds are bogus , as you ’ll notice — and this is an example of what Carlos Spector referred to as the “ Guantanimization of the refugee process . ”
( It ’s a dirty little secret that during the Bush years asylum applicants from Mexico were held indefinitely to discourage them from pursuing their asylum claims . )
The nonprofit Human Rights First released a great report on refugee Guantanimization in April : “ U.S. Detention of Asylum Seeks : Seeking Protection , Finding Prison . ”
See Emilio ’s actual rejection letter and read a debunking of each provision after the break .
To set the record straight , let ’s go through and break down the injustice in each of these boxes .
1 . You have not sufficiently established your identity .
Um , Emilio showed up at the border with his notarized birth certificate , driver ’s license , voter ID card , press pass , Lion ’s Club membership card , multiple letters addressed to him from the Mexican National Commission of Human rights , and son .
But yeah , he could ’ve been faking right ?
I mean , he does n’t even speak English !
2 . You have not established that you will appear as required for immigration hearings or other matters .
You know what Emilio could have done ?
He could have entered the country as a tourist , or as a journalist reporting something , or , even , illegally .
At that point he could have saved his life and that of his son and figured out where to go from there .
But he did n’t do this .
Emilio arrived at the border and immediately declared his intention to pursue political asylum through the proper avenues .
He provided the names and addresses of friends he would be staying with in El Paso , and hired a well - known immigration lawyer .
Does this sound like someone about to disappear underground ?
3 . You have failed to establish that your parole would not pose a danger to the community .
Perhaps the most insulting of the claims .
Recall that Emilio , a journalist , was fleeing the Mexican army because he published accounts of their abuses against civilians in northern Chihuahua .
Additionally , he presented letters from the mayor of Ascension , the director of El Diario newspaper ( his boss ) , and the president of the local Lions Club , vouching for his character and long time employment as a reporter in the region .
4 . You have not established that you are described in one or more of the 5 categories of 8 C.F.R. section 212.5 ( b ) .
Ironically , this is the one category where the ICE gave Emilio the thumbs up ; it ’s also the category that Emilio needs to prove in court if he is to receive asylum .
And it ’s by far the hardest of the parole provisions to prove .
The five categories they ’re referring to are the five grounds upon which asylum can be granted : 1 ) Race , 2 ) Religion , 3 ) Nationality , 4 ) Membership in a particular social group , and 5 ) Political opinion .
Emilio ’s strongest claim is that his political opinion has endangered him .
5 . You have failed to demonstrate that your parole would be justified for urgent humanitarian reasons or would yield a significant public benefit .
At the personal humanitarian level , Emilio is a single father who has been separated from his 15 - year - old son .
His son was detained for 2 months before being released to friends , but spoke no English and was very much alone and helpless .
Meanwhile , Emilio was detained like a common criminal and forced to work at the prison for 1 dollar per day .
In the bigger picture , imprisoning a journalist for reporting the abuses of the military is against everything we supposedly stand for .
When Seymour Hersh investigated abuses we praised him ; when Emilio Gutiérrez Soto did it we imprisoned him .
Emilio has a long record of investigative journalism , including a series of stories that eventually prevented a toxic waste plant for being built in his hometown .
If you believe that smart , fearless journalism can do good in the world , then releasing Emilio to continue his life ’s work does , indeed , yield a significant public benefit .
Long has the platypus been referred to as a “ freak ” or a “ joke by God . ”
But darn it , these critters are awesome , interesting and unique .
If anything , they ’re really super animals and everyone else is just jealous .
After all , they take a little bit of all kinds of good animals and make one excellent and one - of - a - kind family of animals .
Photo Via Urville Djasim [ Flickr ]
Many of you have likely never seen a platypus in your local zoo .
In fact , because most zoos only like to take animal species that are 1 ) native , 2 ) endangered or 3 ) can be successfully bred in captivity , few zoos actually have these weird critters .
Platypuses are only native to a small area of the world , are completely not endangered and only a few platypus babies have been born under human - induced conditions .
Given its sparse appearance in zoos and its truly bizarre appearance and features , it ’s not entirely uncommon to hear people jokingly refer to the platypus as an imaginary creature .
Now just imagine you ’re living back in 1798 , when Europeans first discovered the creature .
The first things they sent to the UK to prove its existence were merely a pelt and a sketch of the animal .
Is it any surprised that most British scientists believed the creature was fake ?
Scottish zoologist Robert Knox was so certain that the dead animal was a fake that he actually took scissors to its skin to look for stitches .
This is one critter that is very adequately named .
Most of us know the platypus by its common name , which is Greek for “ flat foot . ”
This title was the original name of the creature , but could n’t be used for its genus name because it turned out that the ambrosia beetle already had the title in its Latin name .
In 1800 , physiologist Johann Blumenbach described the platypus as Ornithorhynchus paradoxus , meaning “ paradoxical bird snout . ”
His name later developed into the official title for the animal , Ornithorhynchus anatinus , or “ duck - like . ”
This is why you so often hear the term “ duck - billed platypus , ” even though there is only one species of the animal .
You may have noticed this article has so far only mentioned the animal in its singular form .
That ’s no accident , pluralizing the creature has proven to be quite a problem not for just laymen , but even to scientists .
There is still no universally accepted plural to the word .
Most people believe the plural form should be “ platypi , ” but the real Greek plural would be “ platypodes . ”
Scientists stay away from both of those terms and prefer to use “ platypuses ” or just “ platypus ” no matter how many in question .
If you ever get in a heated debate with someone about the subject , just remember – you ’ll probably be right no matter what you say .
Yes , on top of being one of only five mammals to lay eggs , the platypus also had to distinguish itself by being one of the few mammals to be venomous as well .
While both male and females are born with spurs on their rear ankle , the female 's will fall off within her first year .
The males will begin to produce a venom mix in a kidney shaped - area behind their spur .
This venom contains three proteins that are only found in the platypus and is powerful enough to kill small animals , including dogs .
The venom is not lethal to humans , but may cause severe pain that lasts for weeks .
Because the males are the only ones with venom and the poison production rises during breeding season , it is believed that the main function of the venom is to help the animals assert dominance over one another .
The males have poisonous barbs .
That does n’t make the female any less strange than the males .
The platypus females are lacking teats of any kind and though they have two ovaries , only the left one is functional .
In order to feed their young without any nipples , the female platypus secretes its milk through pores in its skin that are collected in grooves on her abdomen , where the babies lap it up .
How their chromosomes choose the animals sex in the first place is also strange .
Whereas most mammals have only two sex chromosomes , platypuses have ten !
While they are mammals in most ways , these chromosomes seem much closer to the sex chromosomes of birds .
Scientists still do n’t know how their sex determination system works .
Image Via ccdoh1 [ Flickr ]
Ok , that ’s a little misleading .
The platypus is n’t electric , but it does hunt using electric fields generated by the muscular contractions of its prey .
These animals and echinadas are known as monotremes and are the only mammals known to hunt by electric current .
The platypus has electroreceptors in the skin of its bill that can be used to help it search for fish while underwater .
When they are hunting , they close their eyes , ears and nose completely and dig in the bottom of a stream with their bill .
They then load up their cheeks with food until they get back to the surface .
Unlike many other semi-aquatic mammals , platypuses cannot hold their breath very long –only about 30 seconds or so .
The general public did n’t really know much about platypuses until 1939 , when National Geographic published an article about the challenge facing scientists who were trying to raise the animal in captivity .
Since then , many people have fallen in love with the creature and its become a popular mascot for a variety of different things , including Mac OS X , the Brisbane Expo ’ 88 and the 2000 Sydney Olympics .
It also is featured on the back side of the Australian twenty cent coin .
Green Day and Mr. Bungle have songs about the animal and it is also a popular characters on children ’s TV shows including Mister Rogers ’ Neighborhood .
Source # 1 , # 2 , # 3
click to enlarge
Editor ’s note : A commentary by Emily Thurston , “ Remove ‘ under God ’ from the Pledge of Allegiance ” ( June 25 ) provoked many strongly worded letters in support and in opposition , as well as this reply from Cindy Sandman from Atascadero .
Sandman describes herself as a disabled 65 - year - old woman who loves God , honor , and country and believes in truth and integrity .
“ I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of American and to the Republic for which it stands , one Nation under God , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . ”
Our national pledge honors our flag , our country , and God. President Dwight Eisenhower added the words “ under God ” to the pledge in 1954 to distinguish the United States from Godless communist ideology .
And President Lincoln included “ under God ” in his Gettysburg Address of Nov. 19 , 1863 : “…
It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us — that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion — that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain — that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom — and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . ”
Moreover , our currency — all one - , five - , ten- , 20 - , 50 - , and 100 - dollar bills — has “ In God We Trust ” printed on it .
Every penny , nickel , dime , quarter , and 50 - cent piece has “ In God We Trust ” on it .
The United States of America still stands for freedom , under God .
A lot of good men and women have died for God and our country and our freedoms .
We have millions of kids saying the Pledge of Allegiance every day to honor the United States of America flag , God , and country , which is only right .
We as a country need God ’s protection .
Even though we mess up sometimes ,
He still protects us .
We should not sell out our beliefs , ethics , and standards under pressure to placate any religious group .
I ’m sure immigrants were aware of our standards and ethics before they moved here .
I believe they should honor our Pledge of Allegiance , our God , our country , our president .
We need to thank God and the military and our government for preserving our freedoms .
Thank God for the air that we breathe , for all the blessings
God has bestowed on us , for every beat of our hearts , our family , our friends , and our country the United States of America .
God would like to hear from each one of us .
Talking about God does not cheapen God .
Nothing can do that .
God should be on our minds and in our hearts .
Yes ,
God is all knowing , almighty and , may I add , knows our hearts .
There are millions of United States citizens who will attest to that , I have no doubt .
That we are under God , that our own nation is under God , does not violate the separation of church and state .
God said come to him .
I think it is imperative that we not be associated with communism , as did President Eisenhower when he added those words to the pledge .
We have fought wars to set people free , as we did in World War II to stop the Hitler regime ’s thoughtless killing of Jews and our Civil War to set free the Black slaves .
Our nation belongs under God and all the children raised in the United Stated of America need to learn that from the first grade on , if they intend to be good United States citizens .
They need to learn there are inherited values and ethics that go along with their freedoms that must be honored , which men and women died for .
I think all children today need to learn the value of our free country .
By pledging allegiance to the country under God and our flag , they can walk down the street without armed soldiers , go to the park , go to the library , and can own property someday .
Deuteronomy 10:17 and 18 tell us : “ For the Lord your God is God of gods and the Lord of lords , the great God , mighty and awesome , who shows no partiality nor takes a bribe .
He administers justice for the fatherless and the widow , and loves the stranger , giving him food and clothing . ”
Emily Thurston apparently has not read or heard of the Gettysburg Address or she would not have written in her commentary there ’s a “ sticky tangling ” of religion and our government .
God Himself is not a religion , however He is honored and worshipped by a variety of religions .
What are we supposed to do , change the Pledge of Allegiance to “ under Buddha ” instead of under God ?
I think not .
I do n’t believe our founder fathers or Abraham Lincoln would buy that .
Contact contributor Cindy Sandman via the editor at econnolly@newtimesslo.com .
Holy crap , did you know that you can smelt iron ore with a microwave ?
This video shows part of an attempt to build a toaster from scratch .
Finding ways to process the raw materials on a domestic scale is also an issue .
For example , my first attempt to extract metal involved a chimney pot , some hair - dryers , a leaf blower , and a methodology from the 15th century — this is about the level of technology we can manage when we ’re acting alone .
I failed to get pure enough iron in this way , though if I ’d tried a few more times and refined my technique and knowledge of the process I probably would ’ve managed in the end .
Instead I found a 2001 patent about industrial smelting of Iron ores using microwave energy .
Microwaves , as we all know , are just so much more convenient — and so I tried to replicate the industrial process outlined in the patent using a domestic microwave .
After some not - so - careful experimentation which necessitated another microwave , followed by some careful experimentation , I got the timing and ingredients right and made a blob of iron about as big as a 10 p coin .
( via mr )
Image Source – Instagram Pooja Batra has been away from Bollywood for over 17 years .
She has been working quietly in the US and has been winning accolades at the ...
Too Dumb to Parent ?
Twenty - four - year - old mom Rachel Pullen gave birth to Baby K at 27 weeks .
The premature baby underwent two surgeries and a six - month hospital stay before social workers in England , took Baby K to foster parents , Rachel told the Daily Mail .
Now , Baby K is 3 years old .
And a court has ruled against Rachel taking her daughter home , buying social services ' argument that Rachel lacks the intelligence needed to parent .
Rachel , you see , has an IQ of 71 .
That classifies Rachel as having a borderline intellectual ability .
The average adult IQ score range is 90 to 109 .
Because of her lack of official smarts , Rachel has been allowed only to see her daughter once a month .
And if the latest court decision holds firm , Baby K will get adopted within three months .
At that point Rachel will not be allowed to see her daughter , writes The Telegraph .
" If she 's adopted , I 've been told I wo n't be allowed any contact with her , apart from sending her one letter or card a year , and I wo n't be able to use the word daughter or mother in them , Rachel told The Daily Mail .
" So what will I be to her ?
A pen pal ? ...
When I walk around Nottingham , I see other mothers who are no better or more clever than me and they still have their children .
Why ? "
Cases such as Rachel 's -- even when they hail from another country -- bring up a question that seems to come up every so often .
When should legal authorities intervene on behalf of a child and when should they butt out ?
One such case that clearly went the wrong way much closer to home was that of Julianna and Greg Caplan of Washington , D.C. The Caplans were featured in a Marc Fisher column early last year .
At the time of the column , they were about six months deep into the trappings of the District 's child protective services .
It all began when one of their twin girls suffered a fall , leading to retinal hemorrhaging .
As a precaution , the couple took the girl to Children 's Hospital .
Long after five doctors and a judge had determined there was no clear cause of abuse , the couple 's names were still on the city 's child abuse registry .
Nowadays , the ordeal is far behind the girls .
First the good news in their update via Julianna :
The girls are healthy , happy , talkative and funny .
" Life is good . "
And in a third trip in front of a judge late last summer , the Caplans were removed from the child abuse registry .
But the battle left its mark .
Julianna says that unless a health situation with one of her children was life - threatening , she would never walk into a hospital with them again .
Instead , she 'd wait out the issue and go to her doctor .
" I was a silly , overprotective parent ; I just wanted to be sure she was okay , " Julianna says .
" She bumped her head and threw up .
I 'll never do it again .
Pediatricians would say that it was the wrong advice .
But within 36 hours , she was in an exersaucer playing and she was fine .
They did n't do anything for her [ in the hospital ] , but we could n't leave .
... I did n’t know you check your rights at the door when you step into the hospital and your child becomes the property of the government .
" I know protection 's in place because children are abused , but protections are not in place for parents who do n’t abuse .
I understand the arguments , but you ca n’t imagine the horror of being caught on the flip side to families caught up in this mess . "
Do you ever worry that someone would flag your family to Child Protective Services ?
Have you heard other stories like these ?
By Stacey Garfinkle | June 8 , 2009 ; 7:00 AM ET
Previous : Marriage and Money : Who 's Tuned In ? | Next : The Child Care Tab : $ 25,000 a Year
Posted by : WhackyWeasel | June 8 , 2009 8:24 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : interestingidea1234 | June 8 , 2009 8:57 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : tomtildrum | June 8 , 2009 9:02 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : at b2 | June 8 , 2009 9:10 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Billie_R | June 8 , 2009 9:15 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Billie_R | June 8 , 2009 9:23 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : VaLGaL | June 8 , 2009 9:46 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cheekymonkey | June 8 , 2009 10:07 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : thinman1 | June 8 , 2009 10:24 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : afsljafweljkjlfe | June 8 , 2009 10:31 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : FairlingtonBlade | June 8 , 2009 10:33 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : floof | June 8 , 2009 10:42 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : foamgnome | June 8 , 2009 10:44 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : auntieW | June 8 , 2009 10:47 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : thinman1 | June 8 , 2009 11:08 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : afsljafweljkjlfe | June 8 , 2009 11:19 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Philcott | June 8 , 2009 11:21 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : JenDC | June 8 , 2009 11:37 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Billie_R | June 8 , 2009 11:38 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : laura33 | June 8 , 2009 11:40 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : lom123 | June 8 , 2009 11:47 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : GroovisMaximus61 | June 8 , 2009 11:55 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : afsljafweljkjlfe | June 8 , 2009 11:58 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cmecyclist | June 8 , 2009 12:22 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : CheneyM | June 8 , 2009 12:58 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : atlmom1234 | June 8 , 2009 1:02 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Alex511 | June 8 , 2009 1:05 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : bobsewell | June 8 , 2009 1:13 PM | Report abuse
Posted by : nlynnc | June 8 , 2009 1:27 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : cheekymonkey | June 8 , 2009 1:42 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : goodhome631 | June 8 , 2009 1:51 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : glt1979 | June 8 , 2009 2:36 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : WhackyWeasel | June 8 , 2009 2:47 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : nan_lynn | June 8 , 2009 4:45 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : isguy | June 8 , 2009 6:28 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : SueMc | June 8 , 2009 7:04 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : tecatesdream | June 9 , 2009 10:19 AM | Report abuse
Posted by : Alex511 | June 9 , 2009 11:46 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : maxmillian1 | June 9 , 2009 11:57 AM
| Report abuse
Posted by : BB1978 | June 9 , 2009 3:24 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : leah52 | June 9 , 2009 6:58 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : Perspective7 | June 9 , 2009 10:40 PM
| Report abuse
Posted by : kbrown9916 | June 14 , 2009 10:08 PM
| Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
Gov.
Palin releases a new statement explaining her sudden ( which she says was not sudden at all ) decision to resign her office little more than half way through her term of office .
Palin ’s attorney , Thomas Van Flein , has also sent out a letter rejecting claims that Palin ’s resignation is tied to investigations of the Wasilla Sports Complex , during Palin ’s tenure as mayor , or their house on Lake Lucille .
In the letter Van Flein also threatens defamation suits against Alaska blogger Shannyn Moore , Huffpo , Washington Post , the NY Times and MSNBC for discussing these claims .
Police and military officers from the UN - recognized Government of National Accord ( GNA ) and the rival Libyan National Army ( LNA ) met in the Egyptian Red ...
By GottaLaff
My pal Karoli has been a dynamo in the Blogosphere and in the Twitterverse when it comes to communicating about health care reform , as I posted here .
She and others have put together some excellent comprehensive debunkitude and truth - telling .
However , there are some persistent and very nasty wingnuts on the right who have been spreading lies about the health care plans that are being put forward .
On the site I just linked to , a Twitterer named " Fleckman " is specifically called out for his lies .
Karoli and Co. swat them down one by one .
Now Fleckman is posturing like nobody 's business .
You 've heard of Seinfeld 's " show about nothing " ?
That link takes you to a blog about nothing .
Here 's a sample :
There ’s a very liberal blogger out there who goes by the name Karoli .
She describes herself as a “ self - employed employee benefits consultant and administrator ” and apparently considers herself some type of expert . [...]
Karoli also states that she ’s read the Health Care Monstrosity Bill .
Apparently Linda Bergthold at HuffPo and Politifact seems to think they read the bill too .
Yet none of these liberals have provided the actual text in the bill so that you , the American Citizen can see for yourself .
Why have n’t they ?
Because their goal is to deceive , mislead , misrepresent , confuse , and distort just exactly what is in this Health Care Monstrosity Bill .
My friends , I think I have riled up the nutbags .
When they refer to me and hit squads in the same tweet , it seems I struck a nerve
And from Fleckman , himself :
Karoli responds :
Reaction from her Twitter followers :
This is the very irrationality and hostility we encounter on a regular basis , including hate speech , threats , and lies .
We 've seen it with Tea Baggers , Glenn Beck , the list goes on .
When it comes this close to home , it 's a little scary .
As for " giving them a platform " or attention , Karoli and I felt it needed to be exposed .
Ignoring it or running away was n't an option any more .
When we can put names and faces to this behavior , we should , and we did .
I promise you , however , this will not become a regular feature on TPC .
That 's where I draw the line .
Once is enough .
See what a little incitement can do among friends ?
FYI , the " Alger " Fleckman refers to here is the very same Jim Alger whose radio show I do every week .
Karoli responds : Reaction from her Twitter followers :
This is apparently in response to blog posts by Karoli , one revealing that he is the author of a whole lot of wingie nonsense .
Fleckman was none too thrilled with Shoq either ( I 've posted one of Shoq 's Tweets below ) when he challenged Fleckman to go on Jim Alger 's " Common Sense " Radio show to debate Karoli , " which he wo n't do because he knows he does n't have a leg to stand on " ( per Karoli 's e-mail just now ) .
However , now this back - and - forth has taken on a life of its own on Twitter .
That 's fine and dandy , but it has been taken to a very unhealthy ( no pun ) level : Death threats .
To quote Karoli in a Tweet to me : Post it .
Expose it .
Call it the cowardly act that it is .
So I will .
Please indulge me .
She is referring to this , a cowardly little Tweet from a Friend of Fleckman's :
About Regina's Work
Regina Benjamin is a rural family physician forging an inspiring model of compassionate and effective medical care in one of the most underserved regions of the United States .
In 1990 , she founded the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic to serve the Gulf Coast fishing community of Bayou La Batre , Alabama , a village of approximately 2,500 residents devastated twice in the past decade by Hurricanes Georges , in 1998 , and Katrina , in 2005 .
Despite scarce resources , Benjamin has painstakingly rebuilt her clinic after each disaster and set up networks to maintain contact with patients scattered across multiple evacuation sites .
She has established a family practice that allows her to treat all incoming patients , many of whom are uninsured , and frequently travels by pickup truck to care for the most isolated and immobile in her region .
Benjamin is skilled , as well , in translating research on preventive health measures into accessible , community - based interventions to decrease the disease burdens of her diverse patient base , which includes immigrants from Vietnam , Cambodia , and Laos , who comprise a third of Bayou La Batre ’s population .
A committed local physician , she also plays key roles statewide and nationally , helping others establish clinics in remote areas of the country and serving in leadership positions in such health - related organizations as the American Medical Association and the American Academy of Family Physicians .
With a deep , firsthand knowledge of the pressing needs and health disparities afflicting rural , high - poverty communities , Benjamin is ensuring that the most vulnerable among us have access to high - quality care .
Biography
Regina Benjamin received a B.S. ( 1979 ) from Xavier University of Louisiana , attended Morehouse School of Medicine from 1980 to 1982 , and received an M.D. ( 1984 ) from the University of Alabama at Birmingham ; she also holds an M.B.A. ( 1991 ) from Tulane University .
She completed her residency in family practice at the Medical Center of Central Georgia ( 1987 ) .
The CEO of the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic since its founding in 1990 , Benjamin has also served as the associate dean for rural health at the University of South Alabama ’s College of Medicine and as president of the State of Alabama Medical Association ( 2002-2003 ) .
This is a list of angels and demons probably not featured in the recently released movie of the same name .
The entities listed below , have at various times been subject to exoteric and esoteric teachings throughout our history in many allegedly divinely inspired traditions as physical beings or as a psychological projection into the outer world of our own good and evil emotions and thoughts .
10 Uriel
In Christianity , one of the 7 archangels , Uriel plays a role in the rescue of Jesus ’ cousin John the Baptist from the massacre of the innocents .
He carries John and his mother Saint Elizabeth to join the Holy Family after their Flight into Egypt .
Their reunion is depicted in Leonardo da Vinci ’s Virgin of the Rocks .
From medieval Jewish mystical traditions , Uriel is also the Angel of Sunday and the Angel of Poetry .
9 Azrael
The archangel of death in Islam also equated with the angel of death in Judeo - Christian traditions and sometimes more commonly known as the grim reaper .
He has 4 faces to watch over the 4 cardinal points of the earth , he has 4000 wings , and his whole body consists of eyes and tongues , the number of which corresponds to the number of people inhabiting the earth , he will be the last to die , recording and erasing constantly in a large book the names of men at birth and death .
8 Gabriel
In Christianity and Islam , Gabriel prophesied the birth of Jesus .
He is regarded by Muslims as the intermediary between God and Muhammad in revealing the Qur’an , where he is known as Jibril .
Believing in angels is one of the six Articles of Faith in Islam .
In Mormonism he was both Noah in his mortal existence and Gabriel in the realms of heaven .
Gabriel is mentioned only twice in the New Testament , the passage “ I am Gabriel , who stand before God ” ( Luke 1:19 ) , have led some to think that he must belong to the highest rank , however he is an archangel which is 8th in rank of the 9 orders of angels .
The orders are : Seraphim , Cherubim , Thrones , Dominions , Virtues , Powers , Principalities , Archangels and Angels .
7 Incubus / Succubus
These are demons , male and female respectively who inhabit people ’s dreams in order to have sex with them .
One such encounter with an Incubus is said to have resulted in the birth of Merlin , the wizard of Arthurian legend .
The Succubus are said to be highly attractive , sustaining their life force by repeated and forced fornication in the presence of the mans wife to the point of complete exhaustion resulting in death .
6 Metatron
Metatron is primarily associated with Judaism .
The Zohar ( a Kabalistic work attributed to Simeon Ben Iochai ) identifies him as the Angel who oversaw the exodus of the people of Israel out of Egypt .
Many esoteric traditions teach that he is the scribe who takes down God ’s words , it is said he has an good sense of humor , and can at times be very mischievous !
Metatron is associated with the symbol of a blacksmith ’s hammer , which represents the shattering of our realities , and then the forging of new ones .
5 Babalon
Referred to as The Guardian of the Abyss , The Scarlet Woman , Mother of Abominations , her place in St. John ’s Book of Apocalypse ( Revelation ) and Enochian magic inspired occultists to elevate her to the position of the liberated woman within the Mystical system of Thelema .
This culminated in a series of magical rituals known as the Babalon Working .
These took place between January 4 and March 4 , 1946 by Jack Parsons ( the co-founder of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory JPL ) and his partner and scribe Frater H .
The point of these rituals was to invoke and manifest Babalon , then to conceive a child who would bring forward the aeon of Horus and the death of all religion .
The success of the rituals has been debated ever since , in esoteric and occult legend .
Jack Parsons died in 1952 aged 38 in an explosion at his home , and rumors have persisted of a magical working gone wrong .
A crater on the far side of the moon is named after him .
After the Babalon working , the scribe , Frater H , eloped with Parson ’s wife and his money ( a skill he became very good at ) .
The identity of Frater H ? None other than L Ron Hubbard the founder of scientology !
4 Moroni
Moroni is the name given by Joseph Smith to the angel that he claimed appeared to him several times in the 1820s .
Smith believed that he was the keeper of the gold plates upon which was written , the book of Mormon .
The plates were written in unusual characters , referred to as “ reformed Egyptian ” .
Smith hid behind a blanket so no one else could see the golden tablets , and translated them into King James style English .
Smith claimed that Moroni instructed Smith to use every means at his disposal to facilitate the translation including the use of a magical stone .
Mormon theology says that when Smith finished the translation , the angel Moroni took the gold plates away with him to heaven .
In 1826 Joseph Smith was charged with being a disorderly person and an impostor by a court in Bainbridge NY .
3 Choronzon
In Aleister Crowley ’s magical system of Thelema , the serpent Choronzon is the ‘ dweller ’ in the Abyss , the final great obstacle between the magician and true enlightenment .
Choronzon is known as the ‘ Demon of Dispersion ’ , and described by Crowley as “ a temporary personification of the raving and inconsistent forces that occupy the Abyss . ”
The name Choronzon though popularized by Aleister Crowley , first occurred in the Enochian records of John Dee ( a consultant on many issues to Queen Elizabeth I ) where Choronzon is synonymous with the serpent of the garden .
2 Seraphim
Many civilizations believe in angels , and many names have been given to the various angels .
In the Judeo - Christian tradition , the Bible names only three angels that have a definite individual personality .
They are Michael – Prince of Angels , Gabriel – Archangel of annunciation , resurrection , mercy , revelation and death , ( Gabriel is considered by many theologians to have been female . ) and Satan – The Fallen Angel .
The Seraphim are said to be the highest order of angels who guard God ’s throne .
They are often depicted as ‘ burning angels ’ to represent them on fire with love for God .
In the Bible Isaiah saw them as six winged beings .
Tradition holds that they were the first creation of God , to enable God to know himself , through their existence and experiences .
1 Lucifer
Lucifer means “ light - bearer ” and it is used in various places in the Vulgate Bible as a reference to the planet Venus , a sign of the Zodiac , and “ the aurora ” ( Job 11:17 , Job 38:32 , Psalm 109:3 ) , and also , most significantly for this list , as the name of the King of Babylon ( Isaiah 14:12 ) which is considered in Christianity to be a metaphor for the Prince of Devils ( Lucifer is not considered to be the Devil ’s name in Christianity – merely the state from which he fell ) .
The use of the Morning Star metaphor is symbolic of the fall of the light - bearer – as the morning star vanishes in the daylight , so the devil fell from heaven .
Interestingly , the word is also used to refer to Jesus in 2 Peter 1:19 .
$ 4 billion abuse industry rooted in deceptions and lies
July 1 , 2009
By Carey Roberts Erin Pizzey is a genial woman with snow - white hair , cherubic cheeks , and an easy smile .
It was n't always that way .
The daughter of an English diplomat , she founded the world 's first shelter for battered women in 1971 .
To her surprise , she discovered that most of the women in her shelter were as violent as the men they had left .
When Pizzey wrote a book revealing this sordid truth , she encountered a firestorm of protest .
" Abusive telephone calls to my home , death threats , and bomb scares , became a way of living for me and for my family .
Finally , the bomb squad asked me to have all my mail delivered to their head quarters , " she would later reveal .
According a recent report , the domestic violence industry continues to engage in information control tactics , spewing a dizzying series of half - truths , white lies , and outright prevarications .
The report , " Fifty Domestic Violence Myths , " is published by RADAR , Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting : http://www.mediaradar.org/docs/RADARreport-50-DV-Myths.pdf
How often have you heard the mantra - like claim , " domestic violence is all about power and control " ?
That 's code for the feminist dogma that domestic violence is rooted in men's insatiable need to dominate and oppress the women in their lives .
And the obvious solution to partner abuse ?
Eliminate the patriarchy !
I know it all sounds far - fetched , but that 's what the gender ideologues who get their funding from the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) believe .
And no surprise these programs have been an abject failure .
As Dr. Angela Parmley of the Department of Justice once admitted , " We have no evidence to date that VAWA has led to a decrease in the overall levels of violence against women .
"
Once you blame the whole problem of partner abuse on patriarchal dominance , the women who proudly call themselves the " VAWA Mafia " find themselves compelled to dress up the fable with a series of corollary myths .
Here are some examples :
When a woman attacks her boyfriend , claim she was only acting in self - defense .
Shrug off her assault with the " He had it coming " line .
Aver her short stature prevents her from ever hurting her man .
Or assert she grew up in an abusive household , as if that somehow lets her off the hook .
Above all , the ideologues will never admit that partner violence is more common among lesbians than heterosexual couples .
Just consider the case of Jessica Kalish , the 56 - year - old Florida woman who was stabbed 222 times last October with a Phillips screwdriver wielded by ex-girlfriend Carol Anne Burger .
But no one dared call it " domestic violence .
"
Once you begin to play tricks with the truth , you need to invent ever grander prevarications .
So sit back and get ready for a good chuckle , because there 's not a shred of truth to any of these claims regularly put forth by the domestic abuse industry : 1 . A marriage license is a hitting license .
( Truth is , an intact marriage is the safest place for men and women alike .
) 2 . Domestic violence is the leading cause of injury to women .
( The leading causes of female injury are unintentional falls , motor vehicle accidents , and over - exertion .
Domestic violence is not even on the list .
) 3 .
The March of Dimes reports that battering is the leading cause of birth defects .
( The March of Dimes has never done such a study . ) 4 . Women never make false allegations of domestic violence .
( That 's the biggest whopper of all .
) 5 . Super Bowl Sunday is the biggest day of the year for violence against women .
( Will the abuse industry never tire of its demagoguery ? )
These are just five of the 50 domestic violence myths documented in the RADAR report .
As former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan once deadpanned , " You 're entitled to your own opinions ; you 're not entitled to your own facts . "
Hopefully the $ 4 billion partner abuse industry will begin to pay attention . ©
Carey Roberts
Pretty Girls on the Street Protesting the Rich Second Generation
This forum post “ Chengdu Pretty Girls Protesting Rich 2nd Generation ” on Tianya got great hit rate today and was soon used in many Chinese major news sites like Netease and QQ .
In Chengdu Times Square , a group of pretty girls were passing out flyers wearing t- shirts with the message “ Our Generation is not the Rich Second Generation ” .
What is this about ?
Once you read the flyer then you will know they are promoting safe driving .
So what does “ Rich Second Generation ” has to do with safe driving ?
If you have been following the Chinese news lately , there were quite a few car accidents with pedestrians get hit and killed by speeding cars .
These news greatly attracted the public ’s attentions .
In my early post “ Car Smashing Elder and China ’s Road Kills ” I mentioned the “ Hangzhou Drag Racing Incident ” , being one of the most discussed piece news in past month .
A rich kid hits and kills a pedestrian while street racing in Hangzhou .
And recently a Porsche Cayenne hit and killed a young girl also in the same city Hangzhou .
The “ Rich Second Generation ” ( 富二代 ) refers to people who mostly were born after 1980s , Children of early China ’s first generation of private entrepreneurs “ Rich first Generation ” after China ’s “ opening door policy ” .
Now they are wealthy because of the inheritance .
The common theme of these stories is always a “ Rich Second Generation ” drives a nice car , hits and kills a working class pedestrian .
The common perception is the “ Rich 2nd Generations ” being rich , they just fool around all day , fritter away a fortune with no ambitions .
They also have no regards to other people and the law , thinking they can solve anything with money …
The flyer :
Safe driving , our Generation ’s Quotations Driving is for reaching your destination .
Heaven is in Hangzhou , but it ’s far , please drive carefully .
Passing other car does not mean your car is better than others .
Passing a nicer car does not mean your skill is better than others .
Being the first to go when the green light turns on does not mean your do n’t have to wait in line on the next intersection .
During traffic , waiting in line does not mean you are more stupid than others .
Clearly the girls are referencing the Hangzhou accidents with the flyer and their Slogan .
This was a very successful marketing campaign .
Pretty girls + the phrase “ Rich Second Generation ” attracted many people on the street .
Mark Sanford , fiscal conservative :
A POLITICO analysis of hundreds of pages of state travel records requested to explore the circumstances of his affair found that in his 6 1/2 years as governor , Sanford traveled frequently and in a style markedly at odds with his political persona .
The records detail more than $ 468,000 worth of state - funded travel for Sanford and show that he routinely billed taxpayers for high - end airline seats , racking up more than $ 44,000 on business - and first - class tickets .
He often stayed in pricey hotels that far exceeded the rates he imposed on other state employees .
On one overseas trip , the state appears to have spent more than $ 12,000 for the GOP governor ’s business - class tickets for a September 2007 trade mission to China , while his aides flew in economy class for airfares as low as $ 1,900 .
For an artist means it can be more complex .
The hands in the paintings , actually means a challenge to paint .
And in some cases the …
1 min read General
Extended coverage
• GM to sell Hummer to Chinese company
• U.S. sales of cars and light trucks rose 13 % in May when compared with April
• Government now has 35.4 % stake in GMAC
• How to market cars amid bankruptcy
• Public policy , corporate roles could blur with GM
A day after filing for bankruptcy protection , General Motors sent ultimatums to all its 6,000 U.S. dealers Tuesday : Follow our new rules or face almost immediate franchise cancellations in court .
For the 2,000 dealerships targeted to lose their franchises , GM said it will soften the blow if those retailers do n't oppose the automaker 's restructuring plan .
The dealers that GM is keeping learned that sales quotas will go up , that they might have to remodel showrooms and that selling competing brands at GM stores could be discouraged .
Pat O'Brien , owner of three Pat O'Brien Chevrolet locations in Northeast Ohio , said GM was treating dealers more humanely than Chrysler , which in mid-May told some dealers they would lose their franchises June 9 .
Still , he said , GM dealers losing franchises will suffer greatly .
" I do n't feel lucky that my store survived , " O'Brien said .
" I feel horrible for the families " running dealerships slated to lose franchises .
" If any dealers feel good that someone else is going out of business , they should n't be a dealer . "
VIDEO : Plain Dealer auto Reporter Robert Schoenberger chats with Mike McIntyre about the GM bankruptcy and its ramifications to Northeast Ohio .
The GM Bankruptcy : More to the Story
All three of O'Brien 's stores got letters Tuesday via FedEx telling them that GM plans to continue supporting them .
GM has not publicly stated which dealerships will lose their franchises , and that list may never become public .
Chrysler 's cancellation list came out in court filings , but GM is encouraging dealers to settle out of court .
Dealers on the list to be canceled will get some cash and help selling their parts , equipment and inventory in exchange agreeing not to challenge GM 's bankruptcy plans .
" They 're just asking for things you normally ask for in business , " said Tom Ganley , owner of the Ganley Auto Group .
Ganley , whose dealership is among the survivors , pointed out that if dealers do n't agree to GM 's terms , the automaker could cancel their franchise contracts in bankruptcy court .
GM said in its filing Monday that it now plans to eliminate hundreds more dealers , for a total of about 1,500 .
In all , the automaker expects to cancel the franchises of about 2,000 stores , including about 500 Saturn , Hummer , Saab and Pontiac dealerships .
GM plans to sell or close those brands .
GM said Tuesday it has a deal to sell Hummer to China 's Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery Co. , a maker of large industrial equipment .
GM and Chrysler have both said they needed to cut the number of dealerships because the companies no longer sell as many cars as they once did .
Economists said that having a small group of more profitable dealerships could allow GM to raise prices to dealerships without increasing the prices that consumers pay .
Paul Firment , vice president and co-owner of Joe Firment Chevrolet in Lorain , said he is n't happy about competitors losing their franchises , but it could help his store .
" With there being less dealerships in each area , they expect each dealership to cover a little more area , " Firment said .
With GM 's conditions for dealers now clear , Kevin Joyce , co-owner of Joyce Buick , Pontiac , GMC in Lorain , said he can get back to focusing on selling cars .
He added that the lead - up to bankruptcy has been a major distraction for both GM and car buyers .
So who comes out on top ?
In Joyce 's mind , the biggest winner was the delivery company .
" Fed Ex must have been busy today , " Joyce said .
" I 'm amazed that they got to everyone so fast .
That 's the business to be in . "
I 've fiddled with my blog template because I decided I wanted more horizontal viewing space , given that it was using less than a third of my 1920 horizontal pixels .
If it feels too spread out for you , I added a drag - and - drop handle over to the left to let you resize the main content column .
The javascript is pretty primitive .
If it breaks , drop me a comment .
>
>
>
>
cl - wkb implements the OGC Well - Known Binary geographic geometry data model , and provides WKB encoding and decoding functionality .
Three people have asked for it — two in one day — so today I 've released it under a BSD - like license .
Of probably more use to Lisp GIS hackers ( together with cl - wkb , or overall ) , I 'm throwing in : cl - geo , a set of geographic data structures and operations .
I hope some people find it to be useful .
Workers inside the factory say they will stay for " as long as it takes " A protester has claimed the 30 workers at a sit-in at the Vestas wind turbine factory on the Isle of Wight have been told they will be sacked .
Danish company Vestas Windsystems plans to make 625 workers redundant at the end of July , despite rising profits .
One of the protesters , who occupied the Newport site on Monday , said managers gave them until 2230 BST on Tuesday to end their action or face the sack .
Two people have been arrested at the site , police said .
Vestas said consultation on the site was on - going and would not comment .
Police said a man was being held on suspicion of assaulting an officer , another for breach of peace .
The men , who are from Southampton , are aged 28 and 49 .
Earlier , a 38 - year - old London man was arrested on suspicion of breach of the peace on Wednesday after he tried to enter the site .
He was later released without charge .
' Denied food '
A worker inside the factory , who did not want to be named , said : " We have been told we will be sacked .
" We were given the choice to leave by 2230 BST last [ Monday ] night and keep our redundancy package and walk out with no charges .
We 've said all along as it remains peaceful there is no reason for us to step in .
Insp Paul Savill
Hampshire Constabulary " Obviously we have stayed in .
We did n't want it to come to this .
" We want the company to explore the possibility of the government taking the site over and improving the redundancy package . "
Meanwhile RMT union leader , Bob Crow , said : " I think it is absolutely scandalous what is going on and we are supporting this occupation .
" These people are being denied food , they are being denied water . "
The campaigners have called on Ed Miliband , the energy and climate change secretary , to travel to the island and speak to them .
One of the protesters , named only as Luke , said : " We 're prepared to stay here for as long as it takes . "
About 200 workers staged a protest outside the factory on Tuesday after being turned away when they arrived for work .
They were also joined by climate change protesters who are supporting them .
Police said Vestas had started legal action to gain an injunction which would remove the protesters .
The workers entered the offices at about 1930 BST on Monday Insp Paul Savill , from Hampshire Constabulary , said : " Overnight the protest remained peaceful .
" We would only step in if there was a rise in criminality and we have not seen that . "
The company said the factory was being closed next week due to reduced demand for wind turbines in northern Europe .
Vestas said in a statement it would not comment due to the continuing consultation process .
A spokeswoman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change said the plant made blades for the US market which were not the right specification for onshore or offshore wind farms in the UK .
" We are hopeful that Vestas will go ahead with their plans for a research and development facility on the Isle of Wight which could provide up to a further 300 jobs and also help develop and test products that are suitable for the UK offshore market , " she said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' If I did n't confess to 7/ 7 bombings MI5 officers would rape my wife , ' claims torture victim
A British man spoke publicly for the first time yesterday to accuse MI5 officers of forcing him to confess to masterminding the July 7 bombings .
Jamil Rahman claims UK security officers were behind his arrest in 2005 in Bangladesh .
He says he was beaten repeatedly by local officials who also threatened to rape him and his wife .
Mr Rahman , who is suing the Home Office , said a pair of MI5 officers who attended his torture and interrogation would leave the room while he was beaten .
He claims when he told the pair he had been tortured they merely answered : ' They have n't done a very good job on you . '
Mr Rahman told the BBC : ' They were questioning me on the July 7 bombings , showing me pictures of the bombers .
' They showed me maps , terrains ... they asked me to draw things out and write names next to pictures .
' They threatened my family .
They go to me , " In the UK , gas leaks happen , if your family house had a gas leak and everyone got burnt , there 's no problems , we can do that easily " . '
He says he eventually made a false confession of involvement in the July 7 bomb plots .
Allegations : Jamil Rahman claims security officers in Bangladesh , under the direction of MI5 , made threats to rape his wife if he did not confess to the London bombings
The extraordinary allegations will add to pressure on UK ministers to come clean over the way Britain 's intelligence agencies have been allowed to gather evidence around the world in the eight years since the September 11 attacks .
Jamil Rahman , a former civil servant from south Wales , is a British citizen who moved to Bangladesh in 2005 and married a woman he met there .
He returned to the UK last year .
He said : ' It was all to do with the British .
Even the Bengali intelligence officer told me that they did n't know anything about me , that they were only doing this for the British . '
Mr Rahman , 31 , says he was released after three weeks but re-arrested and mistreated repeatedly over the next two years .
He described how two men he believes were British agents would leave the room for ' a break ' while he was beaten .
They often asked : ' We 're not torturing you , are we ? ' and recorded his confirmations that they were not , he alleges .
Guantanamo inmate : Binyam Mohamed also claims MI5 colluded in his torture
' The first time they tried to be friendly , they came in trying to show they were my friends , calm and relaxed , nothing wrong .
' I tried to demonstrate my innocence .
I thought this is wrong , because they were British I might get some justice . '
He added : ' They showed me hundreds of pictures .
Black , white , Chinese , bearded non-bearded , woman , man , young and old .
Every time , they came for a new session , same pictures with new ones .
' The main thing they wanted me to be is a witness against another British man in Bangladesh .
They pressured me so much to be a witness against this guy in court .
Mr Rahman denies being a terrorist , although he admits attending meetings in Britain of the radical Islamist group al - Muhajiroun - claiming he later rejected their extremist ideology .
A Home Office spokesman said : ' We firmly reject any suggestion that we torture people or ask others to do so on our behalf .
' Mr Rahman has made a lot of unsubstantiated allegations .
They have not been evidenced in any court of law . '
Jamil Rahman is one of a number of former detainees who accuse the British Government colluded in their torture abroad .
His account echoes that of former Guantanamo Bay detainee Binyam Mohamed , who said he was tortured in Pakistan and Morocco with MI5 's knowledge .
The 30 - year - old Ethiopian says he was beaten and deprived of sleep to try to make him confess to an Al Qaeda ' dirty bomb ' plot , and his treatment is now the subject of an unprecedented police investigation into MI5 's conduct .
I began writing this article on an airplane last week , and it came out to be more than 9,000 words , almost 20 pages when printed .
So I decided to break it up into smaller chunks and publish it as a series .
This article is the start of that series .
Often the people we ’d most like to network with are also the least accessible .
Busy people are bombarded with endless emails , phone calls , social media connections , and more .
Making contact with such people can be difficult because so many others are trying to do the same thing .
Nevertheless , busy people can make very valuable contacts .
They ’re usually busy for a reason – lots of people want to connect with them , either for business or personal reasons .
I believe I have some solid , practical advice to share on this topic for two reasons .
First , I ’ve dealt with hundreds of busy people during my 15 + years as an entrepreneur .
I ’ve had to learn what works and what does n’t in the real world of business .
I also know how busy people tend to filter and process their communication .
Second , I am a busy person who processes a lot of communication .
Since I started StevePavlina.com in 2004 , I ’ve received tens of thousands of emails .
I ’ve seen people use many different tactics in their attempts to make contact with me .
I do n’t have the capacity to accept deeper connections with everyone who wants to build a bridge with me , so I have to be selective .
I think you ’ll gain many insights from getting a glimpse at how I decide when to explore a new connection and when to pass .
The way I handle new communication requests is similar to what other busy people do .
I think you ’ll see that most of these decisions arise from common sense and necessity , but many would - be networkers seem to overlook or ignore these realities – and they pay the price for it .
In this series I ’ll focus mainly on business and professional networking , although many of these ideas can be applied to personal networking as well .
I admit that the line between the two can be rather fuzzy , depending on which field you work in .
Some people maintain a crisp separation between their business contacts and personal friends .
For me there is n’t much difference since I work in a field where people tend to be very open and friendly , and the people I meet in a business context are the same people I enjoy having as friends anyway .
So here are my best tips for networking with busy people .
Understand the busy person ’s perspective .
You must accept up front that a busy person simply cannot or will not give you a serious slice of their attention without a good reason .
The mere fact that you contacted them is not a good enough reason to expect them to reply back .
Do n’t presume you ’re entitled to a response just because you took some action and reached out to the busy person .
Do n’t presume you ’re supposed to get a response just because you had an intuitive feeling to contact the person .
Busy people may receive dozens , sometimes hundreds , of incoming communications per day , 365 days per year .
They do n’t have the capacity to treat every request as equally important , so they must triage .
This usually means they ’ll spend very little time processing communication from people they do n’t already know .
In your mind you may have a very good reason for contacting this person .
You may have the noblest of intentions .
But if you ca n’t see reality from the busy person ’s perspective , you ’ll probably make mistakes that will result in your being blown off .
Busy people are n’t trying to be rude .
They ’re simply trying to be effective .
They have to choose between spending an extra hour or two each day on email and phone calls vs. spending more time with their families , working on key projects , or just having a life .
Would you willingly volunteer to spend an extra hour per day answering email if it was n’t absolutely necessary – for the rest of your life with no end in sight ?
Busy people are sometimes criticized for blowing off a lot of communication .
They often seem unresponsive to “ reasonable ” requests .
I used to think such behavior was very rude when I was subjected to it , but then I was put in the position of experiencing it from the other side .
When I realized I was spending hours each day answering emails and reading blog comments – and having little to show for it in terms of inner fulfillment or outer results – I knew I had to be more selective .
Many bloggers I know pride themselves on their willingness to read and respond to every comment or question someone submits .
Some have criticized me for not doing the same , as if I ’m some kind of elitist for not following suit .
But the reality is that most of those critics get less than 1 % of my web traffic .
When my website was at a similar traffic level to theirs , I felt the same as they did .
I could easily send everyone a personal response , and it did n’t take that much time .
I enjoyed the interaction with my readers .
But take a good thing and multiply it by 100 , and the dynamics become totally different .
It became overwhelming to keep up with every piece of communication once my blog began receiving more than 100 comments and dozens of emails per day .
What ’s your limit ?
Could you handle 100 communications per day ( 36,500 per year ) ?
How about 1,000 per day ( 365,000 per year ) ?
Eventually you ’ll hit your breaking point and need to pull back .
Our discussion forums have seen hundreds of thousands of messages posted in less than 3 years .
There ’s no way I could read all of that , let alone reply to it .
I ca n’t even read all the feedback people post specifically about my articles .
If I still had open blog comments enabled ( the forums require free registration to post messages ) , we ’d probably have a few million comments posted by now .
Trying to keep up with all of that myself would just be insane .
The reason I ’m sharing this is that a lot of people simply do n’t understand the busy person ’s perspective .
Is it rude or inconsiderate to decline to spend 12 hours a day reading and responding to feedback , 365 days a year ?
I do n’t know any busy people who think that would be a wise idea .
Invariably they decide to blow off a lot of incoming communication .
The only difference is what combination of people , technology , and processes they use for triage purposes .
Some use filters .
Some use assistants .
Some hire bodyguards .
If you can accept that busy people must triage in order to be effective and have a life , and you can respect them for setting priorities , you ’ll have a much better shot at building a bridge with them .
On the other hand , if you resent such people for being busy and not responding to your communiqués promptly , you ’re not going to become a very good networker in general .
If you want to get good at networking with busy people , you must accept and embrace the busy person ’s reality instead of getting stuck in your own perspective and being unable to empathize .
To be continued …
They fight back not with content but lawsuits
Story from TechDirt and NewsFuturist
Both Associated Press and the Canadian Press served the purpose of US and Canadian national reporting services for the small papers spread across the country who could not afford a Washington , Ottawa or Los Angeles office and reporter .
Small local newspapers joined AP and CP and got stories sent first by teletype and then by computer that could be used to fill the pages of local papers .
As niche coverage on the Internet moves forward at a rapid pace , do we really need bland coverage written to satisfy small regional papers .
Who is going to wait for the endless chain of write , re-write that goes on in the print news business .
By the time an AP or CP story gets to your local paper it can be three days old and not news anymore .
The Internet supports niche sites perfectly .
One person can cover the topic they know well and be the expert .
The AP and CP stories tend to be generic .
For example , the CP story on Stompin Tom Connor ’s tour was a recitation of current facts without any real news on our hero Stompin Tom ’s music .
It was n’t written by someone who has followed Stompin Tom for years .
Of course newspapers will be forced to research stories on the Internet and actual write something intelligent about it .
That will slow them down and they do n’t want anything that looks like extra costs .
Both services are in denial and anger on the problem .
AP is suing people who re-print their stories .
The issue DMCA take down notices on content .
The Internet is much more efficient than that .
First , we share stories and link back to the source .
If Tech Dirt has a good story , we can use it completely or as background for our take on the issue .
That ’s what we are doing here .
If we write a story and someone thinks it is worth repeating , they are free to do so .
Our stories get repeated and re-read with great frequency which is cool .
It ’s a sharing world .
As NewsFuturist wrote “ You do your thing , I ’ll do mine , and we ’ll link to each other .
No wires . ”
Like this : Like Loading ...
The stable wormhole discovered by the Deep Space Nine crew is known to the Bajoran people as the Celestial Temple of their Prophets .
Sisko , as discoverer of the wormhole and its inhabitants , is therefore the Emissary of Bajoran prophesy .
The wormhole 's other end is in the Gamma Quadrant , halfway around the galaxy from Bajor .
That section of space is dominated by the malevolent Dominion .
The Dominion is led by the Changelings , the race of shapeshifters to which Odo belongs .
As of the beginning of the sixth season , Cardassia has joined the Dominion , and together they are waging war on the Federation and their Klingon allies .
The war is quickly becoming the most costly war ever for the Federation , and the Deep Space Nine crew must fight to protect their way of life .
Written by Matthew D. Wilson < mdw1900@rit.edu >
Fitch expects " home prices will fall an additional 12.5 % nationally and 36 % in California " from Q1 2009 .
And , oh , you remember subprime ?
From HousingWire : Subprime Bloodletting Continues at Fitch
Fitch Ratings today made massive downgrades on various vintage ‘ 05 through ‘ 08 subprime residential mortgage - backed securities ( RMBS ) , indicating the extent of the fallout related to subprime defaults has yet to subside .
The rating agency slashed hundreds of RMBS ratings further into junk territory .
The projected losses also reflect an assumption that from the first quarter of 2009 , home prices will fall an additional 12.5 % nationally and 36 % in California , with home prices not exhibiting stability until the second half of 2010 .
To date , national home prices have declined by 27 % .
Fitch Rating 's revised peak - to - trough expectation is for prices to decline by 36 % from the peak price achieved in mid-2006 .
The additional 9 % decline represents a 12.5 % decline from today 's levels .
“ The home price declines to date have resulted in negative equity for approximately 50 % of the remaining performing borrowers in the 2005 - 2007 vintages .
In addition to continued home price deterioration , unemployment has risen significantly since the third quarter of last year , particularly in California where the unemployment rate has jumped from 7.8 % to 11 % . ”
Here is the Fitch statement : Fitch Takes Various Actions on 543 2005 - 2008 U.S. Subprime RMBS Deals
On home prices :
In explaining the downgrades , Fitch said the actions reflect updated loss expectations and further economic deterioration :
Barack Obama has an evangelical problem — he just does n’t know it yet .
Since Jerry Falwell ’s funeral , Pat Robertson ’s withdrawal from the national spotlight , and James Dobson ’s retirement , many journalists and historians have joined the Democrats in dancing on the grave of the religious right .
But the celebration has been premature .
There is no doubt that we are witnessing the rise of a new generation of moderate Christian leaders , including Rick Warren and Joel Osteen , who look more like Oprah Winfrey than Billy Sunday .
Nevertheless , while the president has reached out to the faithful , he has yet to realize that he is dealing with a countercultural movement that at its foundation is obsessed with the apocalypse .
But he will know it soon enough .
With the culture wars heating up again — fueled by a Catholic nominee to the Supreme Court , the murder of an abortion provider , the administration ’s positions on gay rights , and ongoing discussions about the environment — a surge in apocalyptic rhetoric is imminent .
The vast majority of American evangelicals interpret the most obscure books of the Bible ( Daniel , Ezekiel , and Revelation ) in a very narrow and particular way .
They believe that when these three books are read in conjunction with one another and overlaid with a few of Jesus ’ statements , a hidden “ plan of the ages ” emerges .
According to their decryptions , a number of events will transpire just before the apocalypse .
These include a return of the Jews to Palestine , a decline in morals , religious apostasy , and the consolidation of independent nations into one super - state led by a seemingly benevolent leader who is actually the Antichrist .
During the last 100 years , evangelicals have witnessed more and more evidence of these prophecies being fulfilled .
In the reigns of Benito Mussolini , Adolf Hitler , and Franklin Delano Roosevelt , they saw the Antichrist foreshadowed .
The rapid expansion of the New Deal state and FDR ’s dream of a global United Nations threatened evangelicals ’ sense of religious liberty and national independence .
For the faithful living in the 1930s and ’ 40s , to support Rooseveltian liberalism or internationalism was to be complicit in the rise of the Antichrist .
In the late 1960s , evangelicals once again faced growing state power in the form of Lyndon Johnson ’s “ Great Society ” while simultaneously witnessing the apparent evaporation of cherished American values .
They responded by reverting to apocalyptic jeremiads .
This was most evident in the runaway success of Hal Lindsey ’s The Late , Great Planet Earth , the best - selling nonfiction book of the 1970s .
At the same time evangelicals , although scorning Hollywood , turned to modern technology to preach Armageddon .
The result was the cult phenomenon A
Thief in the Night , an Armageddon - themed film that popularized one of the first pop Christian hits , Larry Norman ’s “ I Wish We ’d All Been Ready . ”
The movie scared countless teenagers ( and probably an equal number of adults ) into preparing for the rapture .
Millennial fervor swept evangelicals again in the late 1990s on the heels of the two - term Clinton presidency .
Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins published Left Behind , the first in a series of novels that grew into the best - selling series of the past decade ( until they were finally overtaken by the true prince of darkness himself , Harry Potter ) .
Films , music , and even a line of kids ’ books turned Left - Behind apocalypticism into a billion dollar business .
Evangelicals were well prepared then to view the terrorist attacks on 9/11 as evidence of God ’s judgment for the Clinton years .
So what does this mean for the Obama administration ?
Nothing very promising .
Despite the president ’s desire to find common ground with evangelicals , he is unlikely to be able to penetrate the apocalyptic fears that have characterized the evangelical movement since the Great Depression .
Obama is caught in a classic catch - 22 .
The Antichrist , the Bible explains , is going to masquerade as an angel of light .
This means that the more Obama accomplishes as president and the more he improves America ’s image abroad , the more suspicious evangelicals will become ; they do n’t want to be duped by the devil .
Obama ’s talk of more cooperation with other nations , the possibility of a national health care plan , his move to nationalize some private businesses , and his goal of expanding protection of the rights of gays and lesbians will drive evangelicals to one certain conclusion : the End of Days are upon us .
So what can we do ?
Pray for the rapture .
If evangelicals vanish , the rest of us might finally get better medical care , a healthier environment , a more just international community , and full civil rights for gays and lesbians .
But short of this miracle , we can at least begin to understand that before Obama is able to penetrate the evangelical heart , evangelicals themselves will need to do some serious soul - searching .
Rick Warren and Joel Osteen ’s shallow , positive - thinking , feel - good sermonizing is not going to help them do this .
Instead , it is up to the younger evangelicals to engage in serious intellectual debate and a rigorous rethinking of the theology at the root of their politics .
Anything less and the doomsayers will turn fears of Obama - as - Antichrist into big business .
But hell , maybe that ’s just the spark the economy needs .
Wearing specially designed in - line skates , and reaching speeds of up to 56 mph , Auer completed the 860 - meter track in just sixty seconds .
Auer knew full well the risks .
As he told the Daily Mail , " This was a very dangerous stunt because there were so many factors to consider .
The roller coaster is wooden and so unlike rides made from iron and steel there was always a chance of the odd nail or screw that would not be entirely flat .
If the skates were to catch a stray nail then I could have fallen and I would almost have certainly died . "
Auer spent two months planning the stunt and put in more than a hundred hours to design the speciality skates .
Auer is best known for his previous stunt of skating on a tow - line behind an Porsche GT2 , which allowed him to reach speeds of nearly 200mph .
The CDF Collaboration at the Tevatron has produced yesterday a preprint of a publication , meant to be published by Physical Review Letters , where they describe the first observation of the hadronic decay of vector boson pairs : a pair of W bosons , or a W and a Z , or two Z bosons produced together .
A signal of diboson production has been seen before at the Tevatron , but only when both particles decay to leptons , providing a clean signature .
The new analysis presents for the first time a signal in a final state with jets , emerging from the large QCD background in a dijet mass distribution .
The signal has a calculated significance in excess of 5.3 standard deviations .
Both CDF and DZERO have been competing to arrive at this " observation level " for years , using more standard and yet apparently more promising techniques than the one which wins the house today .
The signature used by the new result in fact does not exploit charged leptons to trigger and select the events , and just relies on the signal of a neutrino to tag the boson that decayed leptonically ; moreover , no neural network or extended likelihood is used to boost the signal purity , and just good , old - fashioned cuts are applied to the data .
A true revenge of the old technique over the fancy advanced methods .
CDF measures a combined cross section for WW , WZ , and ZZ decays of 18.0 +- 3.8 picobarns , in very good agreement with theoretical predictions , which assess the total cross section of those three processes at 16.8 picobarns .
Finding this signal was very important because it is a prerequisite for all low - mass Higgs boson searches at the Tevatron : the Higgs boson , if it has a mass lower than 135 GeV , decays predominantly into jet pairs , and can only be found if accompanied by a leptonically - decaying vector boson .
The signature of associated WH / ZH production is thus exactly the same as the one unearthed in the new CDF analysis , and in fact , if the Higgs boson exists and has a mass in the 120 GeV ballpark , the published 45,000 event distribution by CDF should contain about 40 Higgs events (! ) , if the Standard Model is correct .
W -> e nu decays when the electron did not hit a central , well - understood , " fiducial " region of the detector , or not sufficiently clean ;
W -> mu nu decays of the same kind ;
W -> tau nu decays altogether ( tau leptons are very hard to distinguish from hadronic jets ) ;
Z -> nu nu decays altogether - these do not contain charged leptons ;
Z -> tau tau decays altogether , as explained above .
some residual Z - >ee , Z -> mu mu decays where both leptons failed the selection requirements - a very unlikely but still possible occurrence .
This is going to be a rather long piece , so for the lazy and the absent - minded among you I decided to put together an executive summary at the top , and not at the bottom of the article as I usually do .
It is a bit of a spoiler , but those of you who can invest some time reading about particle physics will not be deterred by the first few lines of text .
Besides , an executive summary is needed because we are discussing real news here : so here it is .
Let me stop here , because I was already crucified once when I speculated that a dijet mass distribution which contained a signal of Z boson decays to b-quark jet pairs could in principle also contain some signal of a supersymmetric Higgs boson , if another analysis which had sought for that SUSY particle were indeed seeing its first glimpse .
That was in 2007 , and a lot of water has passed under the bridges since then .
Most of my colleagues seem to have understood , inside and outside the CDF collaboration , that this blog is an instrument of science popularization and not a demoniac means of making CDF a less authoritative or believable source .
A few die - hard anti-bloggers still exist around , however : Mario M. P. , Lina G. , Beate H.... I do not want to instigate their crusading attitude today , so as I said , let me stop here .
The facts outlined above are by no means an exhaustive summary of what I am discussing below , but they should suffice for whomever cannot invest ten minutes of his or her life into understanding in more detail this important bit of particle physics .
So let me start over now .
First , a little bit of the physics of production and decay of these odd couples .
If you are a particle physicist , you might consider skipping the next two paragraphs - or just the first , if you do not remember how a diboson pair is produced at a hadron collider .
The two protagonists of this physical process are the W and the Z boson .
A quarter of a century after their discovery - by Carlo Rubbia ( right ) and his collaborators , with the UA1 detector at CERN - these amazing particles continue to take center stage in cutting - edge fundamental physics .
The W boson is an elementary corpuscle whose mass is amazingly large if compared to that of the elementary building blocks of ordinary matter : it is point - like to the best of our knowledge , and yet it has a mass 160,000 times that of an electron ; it in fact exceeds the combined mass of four water molecules ...
We could quench the thirst of Maxwell 's daemon with four water molecules , while I guess it would complain if we fed it with a W boson .
But the W is not just massive : it is also a fundamental ingredient in the Zoo of particle physics .
Without it stars would not burn , radioactivity would not exist , and Rubbia would be best known for his failed discovery of neutral currents .
The W mediates the interaction called " weak force " , and is thus responsible for the transmutation of quarks of different flavor into each other .
The diagram of beta decay - the process whereby a neutron turns into a proton , which is at the basis of most radioactive decays - is shown in the graph on the right to put in good evidence the role of the W boson : one of the two down - type quarks in the neutron transmutes into a up - type quark , releasing one unit of electric charge together with another exotic attribute called hypercharge , in the form of a virtual W boson .
The newly - bred up - quark remains tightly bound within the original hadron , which is now a proton ; the W boson instead immediately disintegrates , yielding an electron and a anti-neutrino .
Time in this graph is flowing from bottom to top as shown by the arrow on the left ; each line represent the propagation of one elementary particle : on the left the three quarks making up a neutron and then a proton ; on the right , the electron and neutrino originated from the charged weak current shown by the wiggly line at the center .
The W boson in the diagram of beta decay above is virtual , since it has a mass way smaller than the nominal 80.4 GeV of real W particles .
In general , however , I would argue that " virtual " is a misnomer .
Any elementary particle with a finite lifetime has a mass that is only on average equal to what we call its " rest mass " .
The mass can be smaller or larger , and there is in fact a function called " Breit - Wigner " , which describes how probable any mass is .
Mind you : any mass !
Even ones close to zero are possible , and a particle should not be deemed virtual if it is off its mass shell .
There are several things which interest us today in the prototypal process shown above .
The first one is the W boson 's versatility : it talks to both quarks ( on the left , where it " couples " with the quark line ) and leptons ( on the right , where its decay highlights the boson 's capability to attach itself to a leptonic line too ) .
This means that weak interactions are felt universally by quarks and leptons alike ; to us , it means that W bosons can be produced in hadronic collisions - where quark lines may emit them much like the down - type quark does in the graph above - and can decay into pairs of quarks as well as leptons .
The seminal nature of beta decay is not a surprise : by studying it , physicists in the 1930s started a long learning process which eventually led to the formulation of the Standard Model , over thirty years afterwards .
However , to get there a much more elusive particle - W 's neutral brother , the Z- had to be also figured out .
The Z boson is even slightly heavier than the W - it has a mass of 91.2 GeV , more or less the mass of the smallest droplet of salty water you could form , by stirring together two water molecules and one molecule of sodium chloride in an improbable glass .
Yet like the W , the Z is exactly pointlike .
And unlike the W , the Z does not even possess an electric charge , and it does not mediate quark or lepton transmutations , despite coupling to both those kinds of matter fields .
What is its use ?
It does not burn stars , it does not make radioactivity counters click .
Yet without the Z , the W could not exist , nor would the photon .
The Z , together with the W^+ and the W^ - and the photon , makes a quartet of states which are as loyal on one another in the Standard Model as are Athos , Porthos , and Aramis with D'Artagnan in the famous novel by Alexandre Dumas , " Les trois mousquetaires " .
The Z boson has an illustrious story , too : it was only through its indirect observation in bubble chamber images such as the one on the left , showing the scattering of neutrinos off electrons ( in this case ) and nuclei , that physicists decided to fish out a paper which had rested for six long years on a dusty shelf , and elect it as THE theory of electroweak interactions , in 1973 .
Without predicting the existence of the Z and its neutral currents , the Standard Model of Glashow , Salam , and Weinberg would have remained an imaginative but failed attempt at explaining the organization of matter and forces at the subatomic level .
Now let us come to the process by which production of a pair of these bosons occurs .
Why a pair , first of all , and not one at a time ?
Sure , single W or Z production is not just possible , but it is actually a much more frequent process .
The SppS collider at CERN in fact allowed these particles to be produced one at a time , and they were thus discovered by Rubbia in 1983 - 84 .
A few years later , the Large Electron - Positron ( LEP ) collider was built , and in its 91 GeV collisions millions of Z bosons , again produced one at a time , were collected and studied in exquisite detail .
Diboson production was then seen at the Tevatron proton - antiproton collider for the first time , and then studied by an upgraded LEP II , where the energy of the beams was made high enough to make pairs of W bosons together .
Later still , WZ production was seen at the Tevatron , and finally , more recently , ZZ production has also been discovered .
The production of pairs of vector bosons is one very interesting process because it allows us to test how they couple to one another , something which one cannot do by producing one at a time ( unless the production process arises through vector boson fusion , but that is a very rare reaction and I will not explain it here ) .
Basically , you can imagine a three - line graph describing three bosons joining at a space - time point .
You can think of it as one boson decaying into two others , or two of them colliding and fusing into a third ; it does not matter : all what matters is that the diagram does describe reactions which can and do occur in Nature ( the bitch , not the magazine ) .
Since the intensity of the coupling of vector bosons to each other is a very direct probe of the Standard Model , and one where surprises might be lurking , studying the production of pairs of vector bosons has always been a top priority of particle physicists .
Now , however , that we are looking for the Higgs boson , we have additional reasons to study the process .
For one thing , the Higgs may decay into WW or ZZ pairs , giving rise to the same final state as the one that is studied in diboson production .
But in addition , the Higgs itself can be produced together with one vector boson , just as if it was part of the family itself .
The so - called " associated production " of a Higgs boson and a W or a Z boson is indeed the " golden " process to search for at the Tevatron , if one wants to find evidence for the Higgs .
The reason is that the Higgs boson , which has been shown to be most likely not much heavier than the lower mass bound set on it by LEP II ( 114 GeV ) , must then decay into a pair of b-quarks , and not pairs of W bosons as it would if it were heavier .
By decaying to b-quark pairs it becomes utterly impossible for us to distinguish a Higgs boson from Quantum ChromoDynamics ( QCD ) backgrounds , which create the same signature at a rate a gazillion times larger .
Backgrounds win , unless the Higgs is accompanied by a W or Z boson : associated production , that is .
The leptonic decay of the W or the Z provides a means to distinguish those few Higgs production events from all QCD processes , and the search for associated production becomes the best chance that CDF and DZERO have to discover a light Higgs boson .
So , if a WH or a ZH pair decays as we have described above , the total event signature sees a lepton - neutrino pair plus two b-quark jets ( in the WH case ) , or a pair of charged leptons plus two b-quark jets ( in the ZH case ) .
That signature is called " semileptonic " with a misnomer which is good enough for us here .
The same signature is what has been observed for the first time by CDF from WW / WZ / ZZ pairs , in the analysis I am now going to describe .
The new CDF analysis of diboson production is innovative because of its old - fashioned nature .
The apparent oxymoron is soon clarified : in the last ten years we have seen the increasing use of analysis techniques based on advanced methods to classify events as likely signal or background ones .
They have fancy names , like Neural networks , Boosted decision trees , Matrix - element probability weighting , Extended relative likelihoods , Random forests , Hyperballs , What - not .
The ones mentioned above are indeed quite powerful analysis methods , but they share a common soft spot : they rely on the simulation of signal and background processes much more than the simpler cut - based analysis techniques en vogue in the past did .
Physicists nowadays have become confident in their Monte Carlo simulations , so those advanced techniques are now widespread .
However , to establish a new signal , a good old - fashioned cut - based analysis might still be the best option .
The old - fashioned style , however , stops there .
In order to find decays of vector boson pairs the authors of the analysis - Gene Flanagan ( Purdue University ) , John Freeman ( FNAL ) , Alexandre Pranko ( FNAL ) , and Vadim Rusu ( FNAL ) decided to completely overturn the usual strategy by means of which leptonic decays of vector bosons are found - the prerequisite which is the necessary first step before one can go on to search a second , hadronic vector boson signal in the selected events .
While for that first step one usually relied on datasets containing a well - identified , high - energy electron or muon , the CDF authors totally ignored these final state particles .
Instead , they focused on a tight , straight cut on the amount of missing transverse energy present in the event .
Missing transverse energy is a quantity that one can reconstruct by measuring the imbalance , in the plane orthogonal to the beams , in the amount of energy detected in the calorimeter system - a cylindrical detector which measures the energy of both charged and neutral particles by having them hit nuclei of heavy elements and counting the debris .
Since the incoming protons and antiprotons have no momentum in the plane orthogonal to the beam , whatever is produced in a collision must overall conserve the total momentum in the transverse plane : so the vector sum of particles momenta ( or energies , if we approximate particle masses to zero ) in this plane should be null .
If it is not null , its magnitude is called " missing transverse energy " .
A significant amount of missing energy is a clue that some particles left the detector without depositing their energy in it .
In the event display shown on the right you can see the signature observed in CDF from a fully leptonic decay of a pair of Z bosons .
One of the two decayed to an electron - positron pair , the purple tracks pointing toward the upper right , where calorimetric energy deposits are also shown in purple ; the other produced two neutrinos which escaped the detector in the opposite direction , leaving behind some missing transverse energy pointing in the direction of the red arrow .
When a significant amount of missing transverse energy is present , there are two hypotheses .
The first is that the calorimeters measured badly some of the energy deposited there by particles produced in the collision ; the second is that a neutrino carried away unseen the missing energy and momentum .
Neutrinos do not interact in the detector , so whenever one is present , missing transverse energy is all one can see .
Missing energy is not nearly measured as precisely as electrons or muons momenta ; also , its signal is much more easily mimicked by backgrounds .
However , its use to find leptonic decays carries a significant advantage with respect to the standard identification of charged leptons , one which I am proud to say was recognized , demonstrated , and put to work for the first time by my student Giorgio Cortiana and I , in a measurement we made of the top quark pair production cross section which turned out to be the third most sensitive one by CDF in 2005 .
What we realized back then , and what is used in the present analysis , is that because of its being a signal of something unseen , missing energy is a 100 % efficient signature , while whenever you try to detect something , like a well - measured electron or muon , you are unavoidably subjected to small but nagging inefficiencies of the detector .
Cuts are required to remove not - so - good electron or muon signals , and cuts reduce efficiency , and ultimately have a hit on the amount of signal one may find .
By selecting large missing transverse energy , the new CDF analysis - as our top mass cross section - is sensitive to many different topologies that the ordinary analysis involving charged leptons has to abandon on square one :
Of course , missing transverse energy requires several corrections before it can be used with success by itself for the task of selecting vector boson decays .
But it is possible to do it , and the authors did it masterfully .
The simplicity of the analysis is its biggest atout , because once significant missing energy is established in an event , two jets are required .
Events with missing
Et and jets are selected , and the invariant mass of the two jets is studied , to search for a enhancement - a bump - in the spectrum , at the mass value where W and Z bosons should contribute .
We have seen above that W and Z masses differ by about 10 GeV ; however , the mass resolution of the CDF detector is insufficient to distinguish the two signals .
For that reason , a template is constructed which combines the contributions expected by W -> jj and Z -> jj decays from the expected mixture of WW , WZ , and ZZ events collected after the selection of large missing transverse energy .
This template is used to fit the data together with a background template , which includes all other Standard Model processes which produce missing transverse energy together with two energetic jets .
Here we arrive at the most astonishing thing about the whole analysis : whomever thought that a simple missing
Et selection would be unable to reduce significantly the background from Quantum ChromoDynamics - quark and gluon scatterings , yielding jets in the detector , and sometimes badly measured ones which result in fake missing Et- is up for a surprise .
After the selection of missing
Et above 60 GeV , backgroudns are constituted for the largest part by real W and Z bosons , yielding neutrinos , accompanied by jets due to QCD radiation ; the dreaded purely hadronic component is reduced to a marginal role !
To demonstrate that QCD is marginalized , let us give a look at the plot below , which shows a variable which well discriminates the electroweak from the QCD background : it is the azimuthal angle between the direction of the energy imbalance and the direction of the closest hadronic jet .
In hadronic events , where the missing Et is due to a fluctuation in the calorimetric measurement , this angle is typically small : it is a jet which was badly measured what causes the missing Et , so the two are usually aligned .
In W+jets or Z+jets production processes , instead , the angle has a flat distribution .
The QCD component ( labeled " MJB " for " multijet background ) is clearly visible in the plot as a enhancement at small angles , as predicted by the background model .
Note how the data - shown by black points with error bars - obeys the shape resulting from the sum of a large electroweak and a small QCD component , validating the background model .
A fit to the dijet mass distribution shown above extracts a significant fraction of signal events , as shown in the bottom part of the plot , where the excess from signal events is shown after a background subtraction .
The signal behaves as predicted by the Monte Carlo model , but it is remarkable that one can see it by eye already in the top plot , where in the region between 70 and 100 GeV the experimental data points make some kind of a " shoulder " , a hint of the enhancement due to the diboson signal .
The fit evaluates the enhancement as a 1516 events component , which is easily translated in a cross-section for the combined production of WW , WZ , and ZZ boson pairs .
The computed cross section is in excellent agreement with the theoretical prediction , and this is a nice confirmation that the results are on solid ground .
If you have read this column carefully enough during the last month , you have probably already figured out that I care for exact evaluations of the significance of marginal particle signals .
In this case , I can tell you that the signal is indeed exceeding the 5 - sigma significance level , head and shoulders .
You can trust me this time not only because of my reputation and my record - after all , it is easy to recognize that whomever has a reputation usually uses it in a way that endangers it .
You can trust me this time because I have been the chair of the internal review committee of this result .
Our committee , which included Monica D'onofrio and Fabrizio Margaroli , both experienced collaborators , steered this result to publication only after a careful dissection of the technique and all the nuisances that divide a perfect result from a sloppy one .
So I can tell you something more about the significance than what you find in the paper , although of course I am not authorized to distribute material not approved for public consumption .
Indeed , the significance estimate is one of the most important things about the whole analysis , because on it is based the claim made in the title , that the result constitutes a " first observation " of hadronic diboson decays .
A simple way to evaluate it is to make the dumb " signal divided by error " calculation : that is , if we measure a signal of 1516 events and attribute an error of 239 events to that number , the determination differs from zero by 1516/ 239=6.34 standard deviations .
The CDF result however includes a systematic uncertainty : it is actually quoted as 1516 +- 239 + -144 events in the paper , where the latter number is an evaluation of the effect on the fitted signal that may come from systematical effects not included in the statistical extraction .
A simple - minded approach to combine the two uncertainties is to add them " in quadrature " : this assumes two things .
The first is that the sources of uncertainty are independent , and it is usually the case ; the second is that the systematic uncertainties have a Gaussian behavior - that is , that it is only 3 % probable that a deviation of twice 144 events is due to those systematic sources , or only 0.2 % probable that a three - sigma fluctuation occurs : a Gaussian distribution of the associated fluctuation , that is .
If we do that simple - minded accounting , we find that 1516 differs from zero by 1516 / sqrt( 239^2+144^4 ) = 5.4 standard deviations .
But this is not the right way to do it , of course .
Prompted by the reviewers , the analysis authors instead studied more carefully the five main sources of systematic error in the measured signal rate , and found that only one of them had the potential to affect the measurement appreciably , while all others were completely irrelevant .
A dedicated study was then carried out to examine that source of uncertainty in great detail , and a more precise estimate of the signal significance was finally obtained using standard statistical methods by studying that variation .
The final number obtained , 5.3 standard deviations , shows that the single strongest systematical uncertainty has a stronger effect than all the systematics taken together when an incorrect Gaussian approximation is used .
The Devil , indeed , is in the details ; but this time , not even a black Devil could change the result from an " observation - level " one to a simple " evidence " of the sought process .
In a comment you can find in the thread of the blog post where I first announced this new result yesterday , Lubos Motl claims I was not clear enough in explaining how this result can be of any use for Higgs searches .
Of course : my post was just an announcement , and this article is the proof that I meant business when I said that a deeper explanation would come .
So let me elaborate on the point raised by Lubos here .
Apart from what has been said above about the similarity of the WH / ZH production process with the WW / WZ / ZZ production , and the note about the fact that a light Higgs boson almost always decays to jet pairs , there is another point to make here .
Indeed , the analysis which proves most sensitive to the diboson signal turns out to be one which neglects charged leptons , and does a very straightforward selection just based on missing transverse energy .
I then wonder what will happen by selecting , among the 45,000 events appearing in the mass distribution you have seen above , events where one of the jets contains hints of the decay of a b-quark .
Of course we are still far from being able to see a Higgs boson in that distribution , but I would be extremely pleased if we saw a hint of WZ / ZZ production with one Z decaying to a pair of b- quark jets .
That is possible because the W decay to jet pairs only produces light - quark jets , and almost never b-quarks : by selecting b-jets , one is only left with the Z -> bb signal accompanying a leptonic W or Z decay .
Seeing that signal in the dijet mass distribution would really be one further long step in the right direction : and , given the moral suasion powers that being the chair of the analysis grant me , I am in fact already bugging the authors to try that modification of the analysis on their 45,000 event sample ...
My guess is that b- tagging one jet would reduce the 1500 event signal to about 150 , while among the 45,000 background dijet pairs only about one or two thousand would remain .
150 events in 2000 : a Z signal should be observable there !
And if you know me and my past research , you know how affectionate I am to the Z -> bb decay : it fruited me a Ph.D. thesis and I have worked on it for several years in the past .
So I have a lot to look forward to in this analysis : a Z signal , and one day , maybe even a smaller bump at 120 - 130 GeV ...
I got a free hug at Kensington Market 's Pedestrian Sunday .
Did n't have enough money on me to get the expensive one , apparently it came with a warranty and many more benefits !
Bike enthusiasts call this a “ right hook , ’’ explained David Watson , executive director of the advocacy group MassBike .
So pugilistic are encounters with motorists that cyclists borrow terminology from boxing : a “ left cross ’ ’ is when a motorist turns left across the path of a biker going straight .
The hair - raising negotiation of Charles Circle was not the only fright .
As the newbie pedaled tentatively through windblown rain down Beacon Street , a teal Chevy Cobalt , its driver clearly impatient with the cyclist ’s pace , accelerated and blew past , then made a sharp right , forcing the rookie ’s second screeching halt of the morning .
The former Olympic cyclist , who estimates she has ridden enough miles to travel to the moon , is convinced that Boston bikers can cycle with the cars , even in a city thrice named by Bicycling magazine one of the nation ’s worst for bicyclists .
To prove her point , one recent morning Freedman led an inexperienced cyclist on several typical bike - sharing routes , each less than 2 miles and 30 minutes long .
“ Bike share will transform Boston into a world - class biking city , ’’ she said .
“ All I see is this incredible upside . ’’
Now the question becomes whether enough people will put their lives on the line riding on bicycles along city streets that even Mayor Thomas M. Menino , who has led the push to make Boston bike - friendly , describes as “ old cow paths turned into roads . ’’
Over the next few weeks , officials expect to name the company with which they would negotiate a contract on how to run the system .
They hope the program will lead to tens of thousands of people saddling up in Boston daily .
If all goes as planned , Bostonians and visitors will ride these bikes to run errands , reach their workplaces , travel from tourist site to tourist site and from meeting to meeting .
All of this , officials say , will make drivers and bikers more respectful of each other , and possibly take some cars off the city ’s road ways .
This is biking in Boston , city of clogged streets , minimal bike lanes , and drivers who often act as though two - wheeled vehicles have no right to the road .
City planners want to change all that - by putting more bikers in the streets .
They intend to roll out what would be the nation ’s first citywide bike - sharing system next spring , making hundreds of bicycles at dozens of stations across Boston available to anyone who can swipe a credit card .
A bicyclist on his first ride in Boston pedals tentatively into the furious rush - hour snarl of Charles Circle on a stormy morning .
He signals that he needs to go left .
The BMW behind him wants to go straight .
Guess who wins .
The biker brakes hard to avoid a collision , earning an angry honk from the Honda Civic behind him .
The bike ride was not all bad .
Freedman ’s routes - from City Hall Plaza to Kenmore Square , then to the South End , then to South Station , then back to City Hall - demonstrated the efficiency of biking instead of walking or taking public transportation .
The city - owned bicycle was comfortable and stable .
A biker ’s - eye view of Boston is quite pleasant , when the biker is not terrified .
Appointed by Menino in 2007 , Freedman is spearheading the effort to make Boston better for bikers ; she has overseen such developments as citywide bicycling events , an annotated bike map , miles of new bike lanes and paths , and dozens of new bike racks .
Bicycling magazine has changed its tune :
In June 2008 , it named Boston “ a future best city ’’ for biking .
Bike sharing is the next step .
The city envisions making available between 1,000 and 3,000 bikes at stations 300 or 400 yards apart , located at subway and bus stops , main squares , tourist sites , and across city neighborhoods .
Riders would probably have the option of subscribing to the program for an annual fee , which would allow for discounts , or day passes .
BikeNow , one of three companies the city is considering to run the program , would charge $ 2.50 for a day pass or $ 40 for an annual subscription .
Each would allow cyclists unlimited rides of less than 30 minutes , but longer rides would be charged at an hourly rate , said Amy Trus , one of the Boston University School of Management graduates - class of 2009 - who formed the company .
Cheap but functional helmets ,
Trus said , would be sold for $ 6 at nearby stores .
The bikes would have locks sharers could use during stops , but they would have very little value to thieves , said David Boyce , who runs the bike - sharing program for another company Boston is considering , Veloway .
A subsidiary of the France - based company Veolia Transportation , which operates the MBTA ’s commuter rail system , Veloway would use bicycles that would be relatively heavy compared with bikes sold in shops , and their components would be hard to remove , Boyce said .
He said the bike - sharing program Veloway runs in London has seen very little theft or vandalism of the bikes .
( A third company Boston officials are considering is Public Bike System , which runs BIXI , Montreal ’s bike - sharing program . )
Freedman said bike sharing in Boston would be as popular as it has become in Paris , where the city had to double its fleet of 10,000 bikes and 750 stations several weeks after its program opened in 2007 .
Today , on average , the 20,000 shared bikes in Paris are ridden some 200,000 times .
Watson says Boston is lagging behind in cycle - friendly infrastructure .
The city added five miles of bike lanes last year and is planning five more for this year , while New York has added 200 miles in the past three years .
Watson believes a bike - sharing program will force Boston to become bike - friendlier faster .
Safety is a bigger problem .
The new bicycle law in Massachusetts addresses some dangers - for example , “ dooring , ’’ when a car occupant opens a door and hits a biker , is now a ticketable offense .
Supporters cite studies that suggest biker fatalities and injuries decrease the more cyclists are on the road .
“ As people see more cyclists in the streets of our city they ’ll be more aware of the issues of safety , ’’ Menino said in an interview .
“ It works in other places , it will work in Boston . ’’
Menino , who has become an avid biker , is planning campaigns to educate drivers on how to coexist with bikers .
But cyclists are also part of the problem :
They ride on sidewalks , run red lights , and stop in right turn - only lanes , all of which infuriate drivers .
Freedman pointed out a couple of riders who rode , helmetless , the wrong way on East Berkeley Street in the South End .
With more bikes on the street , the city will have to “ make sure bikers bike safely , ’’ Freedman said .
Nearby , Rich Coombs , whose family owns Community Bicycle , a bike sales and service shop in the South End , expressed doubt that bike sharing would work in Boston .
“ There are tight roads to begin with - roads dating back hundreds of years , little cow paths , ’’ he said .
“ There ’s barely enough room to squeeze by with narrow handlebars . ’’
Still , those little cow paths give Freedman hope .
“ People could live here before there were cars , ’’ she said , “ and they can do it again . ’’
David Filipov can be reached at filipov@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Rhonda Brewster and her husband have decided they do n't want to be married to each other anymore .
But while they 're ready to move on , they still can't move out .
They do n't want to sell their home , in Huntsville , Ala. , in a down market .
They can't afford two households until Ms. Brewster finds steady work .
So for now , they are living under the same roof but on separate floors .
The ...
Jackson is thought to have used various doctors and police want to track down where he obtained the drugs and who prescribed them .
He is also thought to have used aliases to get some of the drugs .
Here 's a tip folks : do n't get in car wrecks .
If you someday find such a situation unavoidable , however , here 's another : keep that laptop of yours in the trunk , or at least in a case tucked down behind the driver 's seat .
Mounties in British Columbia are reporting that a Canadian woman who perished in a car accident last month was actually killed by the laptop within her vehicle .
As the story goes , the 25 year old 's vehicle was struck by a tow truck , flinging her laptop into the rear of her head .
A coroner pegged the cause of death as a " blunt force trauma , " and investigators believe that the whole thing was survivable had the machine not been in the back seat .
Not surprisingly , officials are using the incident to encourage others to secure their belongings whilst traveling .
[ Via Switched ]
A note from one of America ’s military contractors ( and a NORML member ) serving in Iraq , along with some comments I saw over the weekend on NORML ’s blogs , sharply reminded me of the need to post the final results from the NORML Foundation ’s ‘ 4/20 ’ nationwide TV ad campaign , as well as the fundraising results notably centered around the ever - increasing popularity of April 20 as ‘ Cannabis Consumers ’ Day ’ around the world .
Please find below a brief report about the number of ads , geographical dispersion of the ads , networks and costs ; number of new NORML members , amount of donations received , webpage traffic and media interviews .
Hello Tyler ,
Thanks for supporting NORML and having a keen interest in NORML ’s longstanding pro-reform advocacy efforts .
Since 1970 , NORML ( and later , the NORML Foundation ) assists the victims of cannabis prohibition as well as representing the interests and concerns of the tens of millions of Americans who responsibly consume cannabis .
THANK YOU , thank you very much for serving the US ’ armed forces , especially serving in Iraq !
NORML Foundation ’s TV ad campaign ( and the donation meter that went with it ) ended after April 20th , after nearly 8,000 TV ads were purchased with the $ 16,000 donated from NORML supporters such as yourself .
Thanks again !
Approximately $ 2,000 in donations earmarked for ‘ NORML TV ad campaign ’ are escrowed for the next promotional ad campaign .
Your email and suggestion remind me of the need to send the membership / blog post about NORML ’s ‘ 4/20 ’ ad campaign , its cost , reach and results .
Please look for the report to be posted this week to NORML ’s frontpage blog .
Tyler , education , legislation and litigation , none of it in support of reform is made possible without the support of stakeholders like you .
Kind regards and be safe in Iraq ,
Allen St. Pierre
Executive Director
NORML / NORML Foundation
1600 K St. , NW
Suite 501
Washington , D.C. 20006
http://www.norml.org
director@norml.org
*****************************
2:06 AM , “ Tyler D. ” < tyler.XX@yahoo.com > wrote :
Hey Allen ,
My name is Tyler D. , and I support NORML and what it stands for .
I ’m from Louisiana , the land of constriction , and I ’m currently in Iraq .
I ’m sending money to NORML , and buying things like my hemp daypack , tee shirts , and others .
I send emails to the folks back home to be active , as well as the Governor , senators , and representatives .
I want to know how far away we are from our goal of hitting mainstream commercials for NORML ?
I mean , it sounds all good and well , but give me an idea …
Can you put a temperature bulb on the site somewhere that shows how close we actually are to seeing sense on television ?
I ’d love to see advertisements go mainstream , as would a lot of others , but if there ’s a large void , it would give me more incentive to give .
If there was n’t much left , then I would be excited to be that close .
It ’s a win / win .
Just a thought …
Peace sir ,
Tyler D .
Over 500 NORML supporters donated slightly more than $ 16,000 ( avg. donation was $ 32 ) in support of running the winning 60 second ad from NORML ’s 2008 online ad contest .
The advertising media used by the campaign combined low cost national cable and Ohio News Network .
For added exposure element a PR bonus blitz was distributed via PRweb.com .
Initially , it was difficult t get approval to run NORML ’s PSA / Commercial .
Ohio News
Network was quick to be first but other media outlets passed .
Finally , a national media vendor with homes in every market in the country , gave the go ahead .
The National Cable Homes buy ( April 20 - April 22 , 2009 ) reached homes with ‘ smart cableboxes ’ , which tracks the precise networks and advertising spots watched .
NORML only paid for the audience reached and who stayed tuned to the ads .
- 97.5 % of people who watched the stay tuned in .
- Average length of time they viewed was 59.2 seconds
NORML ’s ad buyers viewed the PSA as being very effective , and for the very high percentage of the public who watched the ad , they apparently could not turn away .
The Numbers
7,700 spots ran across 210 markets over three days , in each market , 38 spots ran on CNN , Fox News , MSNBC , CNBC , CNN , CNN - Headline News , FX , Spike and Fuse .
- A total of 2,428,858 total viewing households were reached
- A total of 2,394,690 actual viewers watched the commercials live
- 34 , 168 additional viewers recorded the networks and watched the commercials within 7 days
- 75 spots ran in 1.5 million homes on the Ohio News Network from April 23 - April 28 .
NORML ’s PR package reached 30,000 journalists , 30,000 websites and 225,000 RSS subscribers , resulting in over 136,313 viewed packages , and 2,118 media outlets tracked the story .
The avg .
cost was $ 2.07 per 60 second TV ad
*******************************************************
Because of the popularity of ‘ 4/20 ’ in general , the fact that the New York Times covered the event ( via the University of Colorado NORML chapter ’s National Conference on Cannabis Law Reform ) ; Spike , G4 and Comedy Central all aired ‘ 4/20 ’ specials ; and pro-cannabis law reform rallies around the United States , made for NORML ’s launch of the first ever nationwide TV ad campaign in support of ending cannabis prohibition a fortuitous one !
To wit , the largest number of citizens to step up and be counted as bona fide supporters of cannabis law reform ( and NORML ) , over the course a 24 - 48 hour period , ever happened this ‘ 4/20 ’ with over 1,765 new supporters joining the organization ; and these newly - minted NORML members donated over $ 11,500 .
Additionally , but to no surprise to NORML ’s staff ( or ISP provider ) , NORML ’s already popular webpage received a substantial spike in webpage and podcast traffic during ‘ 4/20 ’ .
NORML and NORML Foundation plan on running more TV , Internet and Radio advertisement campaigns in the second half of 2009 .
Stay tune to learn more and how you and your like - minded friends & family can help bring these needed public service advertisements in support of re-legalizing cannabis to the public .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
" Considering all the work that has been done and all we have at our disposal , I think we may be getting a bit closer to our goal , " said Paul - Louis Arslanian , head of France 's air accident investigation bureau , the BEA .
I ’ve been chatting with the folks at Tierra Innovation and WNET.ORG ( Channel Thirteen in New York ) on their impressive collaboration utilizing WordPress MU as a CMS for WNET .
ORG ’s network of high - traffic websites :
Using WordPress
MU ’s built - in features along with custom themes and plugins such as WPDB Profiling , they made it easier and much cheaper for WNET .ORG to roll out multiple sites that provide a great user experience as well as editorial and creative flexibility .
Before the new CMS , WNET.ORG could only launch 1 - 2 sites per month .
Now , they have the capability of rolling out 5 - 10 sites per month for a fraction of the cost .
What ’s very cool is that Tierra and WNET put together a white - paper detailing how this project came about and how they ultimately decided on WordPress as the platform of choice .
You can read all about it in the white - paper titled : How a Non-Profit Media Company Profits from Building Open Source Online Publishing Platform ( PDF ) ( embedded below using scribd ) :
[ Visit WNET.ORG & Tierra Innovation ]
With promise for more Grand Theft Auto for the PSP and Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown
Wars confirmed for the portable , Rockstar Games is giving European gamers an enticing deal for GTA fans who have not yet dived into the series on the PSP platform .
This grand pack includes GTA Vice City Stories and Liberty City Stories .
Priced at € 29.99 for an alleged July 31 release in the European region , this packaged deal is almost impossible to pass up ( if it were n’t for the elusive PSPgo ) .
There is no word yet if Rockstar would be so kind as to grace the North American region with this deal , but PlayStation LifeStyle will be keeping you up to speed with any new information .
[ Source ]
SSB undertakes in - situ toxicity monitoring using freshwater snail reproduction
Chemical and physical monitoring
The water chemistry monitoring program ( including the radionuclide radium - 226 ) is conducted in Magela Creek and Gulungul Creek in the period of stream flow in order to :
enhance the baseline / background dataset for water chemistry upstream of Ranger , and detect potential mine - related changes in water quality .
The Supervising Scientist ’s water chemistry monitoring program has been developed using continuous monitoring of physico - chemical parameters coupled with automatic event - based collection of water samples .
Water chemistry samples are collected monthly during routine quality assurance sampling ; if an electrical conductivity ( EC ) trigger is reached , it indicates potential mine - related change in water quality .
Details regarding the development and operation of the monitoring program can be found in the Surface water chemistry monitoring protocol to assess impacts from Ranger Mine and the Revised Ranger Mine Water Quality Objectives for Magela Creek and Gulungul Creek .
Biological monitoring
Biological monitoring techniques have been developed to assess the environmental impact of uranium mining on aquatic ecosystems downstream of ranger mine .
Two early detection methods are used :
In - situ toxicity monitoring using freshwater snail reproduction
Bioaccumulation monitoring in freshwater mussels
Details regarding the development of the in - situ snail toxicity monitoring can be found in the Environmental monitoring protocols to assess potential impacts from Ranger minesite on aquatic ecosystems :
In - situ toxicity monitoring – freshwater snail , Amerianna cumingi , reproduction test .
Monitoring data 2017 - 20
These documents provides an update to the Supervising Scientist Branch ’s routine surface water quality monitoring for Magela Creek and Gulungul Creek :
Magela Creek
Gulungul Creek
Monitoring data - previous years
Magela Creek
Gulungul Creek
Further information
What is to be done ?
That question is being asked with increasing urgency about the British political system .
Can we go on any longer with our dysfunctional , discredited , dishonourable arrangements ?
Or , to put the challenge in more practical terms , how can we use the next few months to bring about such a profound change at the forthcoming general election that there can be a fresh start ?
The scandalous exploitation by Members of Parliament of the expenses system , while it is far from the most serious deficiency of our system of government , has had the perverse benefit of making people very angry .
For fierce disgust is a necessary condition for carrying through substantial improvements in the way we are governed .
The last time this happened was in the winter of 1978 - 79 , when public sector workers went out on strike for weeks .
Uncollected mountains of rubbish were piled high in the cities , army vehicles replaced ambulances and bodies remained unburied .
At the subsequent general election , the untried Margaret Thatcher , proposing real change , swept Labour out of power for 18 years .
Substitute MPs ' expenses for the " winter of discontent " and you see that today 's political conditions closely resemble those of 30 years ago .
However , to understand how far the rot in government has spread , note what Lord Malloch - Brown said last week when he resigned after a short spell as a Foreign Office minister .
Gordon Brown 's government was more " chaotic " than many administrations in the developing world , he said .
Everything was cobbled together at the last minute and no one took the time to plan ahead .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was no better when Tony Blair was Prime Minister .
In one of the entries in his diary , recounting his days working at 10 Downing Street , Lance Price comments : " Tony Blair 's political note to everybody today ( 14 May 2000 ) was quite funny .
They never seem to produce any real action because of [ No 10's ] ludicrous lack of an effective command structure and absence of discipline .
He has obviously spotted this and says , ' I do n't write them for fun ' . "
Or go back to John Major 's government .
Writing about the BSE crisis in cattle , Sir Richard Packer , who was a senior civil servant at the time , wrote : " Ministers collectively panicked .
None of these established conventions were followed
In the absence of standard procedures , disorder and confusion abounded . "
Indeed , our last three prime ministers , John Major , Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , have been masters of dysfunction .
The unnecessary deaths of our soldiers in Afghanistan because of shortcomings in their equipment flow directly from the pervasive chaos that penetrates much of government .
Which brings up the first question for those of us who want a big change : would a government led by David Cameron be any better ?
I would n't bank on it for a variety of reasons .
Like Tony
Blair before him , Mr Cameron would enter Downing Street when his party had been in opposition for a lengthy period .
He would be subject to the same strong temptation to put securing a second term as the overriding priority .
If so , Mr Cameron might easily find himself driven to allowing presentation to dictate policy as Mr Blair was .
We would again , for instance , have government by gesture .
As before , the announcement of new legislation would be chiefly designed to serve public relations purposes , with little consideration given to the detailed contents of the Bills placed before Parliament .
The MP Chris Mullin wrote in his diary for May 2003 : " Today we nodded through Blunkett 's plan for ratcheting up life sentences and doubling ( from seven to 14 days ) the length of time that terrorist suspects can be held without trial .
Both of these measures have only appeared in the last 10 days , so there has been no previous opportunity for discussion . "
Mr Brown is an equally awful example .
First , he thinks up the vote - winning headline he would like to see , then he conjures up a policy that would produce the desired result .
After that , he watches with dismay as numerous objections to the desired policy are voiced and finally he makes a U - turn .
Would Mr Cameron finally be so different once he got under way ?
Fears that Mr Cameron in office would be more or less the same as before , with a different voice , are causing many people to echo the title of Lenin 's famous pamphlet and ask themselves : " What is to be done ? "
In a useful posting on the openDemocracy website , Anthony Barnett describes seven suggestions that are being actively discussed as ways of delivering change .
I list them here .
1 . Take a single issue like electoral reform and demand a referendum on it at the same time as the election , as the key issue that will open up change .
This is the approach of " Vote for Change " .
2. Generate basic pledges for change that are then taken to all candidates to create a reforming Parliament .
3 . Meet , deliberate , hold a convention , decide , influence , elect and hold to account , starting with 1,000 meetings in pubs or living rooms around the UK , or as part of discussions in existing networks .
This is the original " Real Change " proposal .
4. Get Parliament to pass an Act empowering a citizen 's deliberative convention to decide on a set of major reforms .
A Bill to do this has been written by " Unlock Democracy " .
5. Launch a campaign to " Take back our Parliament " .
This would focus on how it represents us ( proportionality , open primaries ) , its honesty ( transparency ) , defending our liberties ( independence ) and its funding ( no corruption ) .
6 . Bring about a network of independent candidates committed to implementing a reform agenda .
7. Organise an online force for change on the lines of MoveOn in the US .
This is the approach adopted by the campaign group 38 Degrees .
It would be interesting to know what readers think of this list .
Faced with such a choice of dishes , I would prefer to take something from most of them .
I would cheerfully join a campaign to take back our Parliament .
It has been at the centre of the nation 's life for 600 to 700 years and it is only through Parliament that legitimate change can be achieved , so that is where I would start .
British government can be reformed only from the inside , not the outside .
To do this , I would take up the suggestion that a network of independent candidates committed to implementing a reform agenda should be created .
Their aim would have to be the incredibly ambitious one of forming the next government .
I hope that such a force , if it could be formed , would commit itself to cleaning up our system of government within the life of a single Parliament and then withdraw .
It would n't be possible to keep the traditional parties at bay for much longer than that .
I would also borrow from MoveOn its mastery of the internet for political purposes .
And to establish what such a reform programme should comprise , I would go with the " Real Change " proposal and have the 1,000 meetings around the country .
In his pamphlet , Lenin called for the formation of a new party .
That , too , is what a lot of people are thinking about , though in my mind it would be strictly temporary – its task would be to make our political system fit for the 21st century .
Job done , its representatives would return to ordinary life .
History is a fascinating topic but so frequently we get things wrong and spread misinformation and myths .
This list is the second in our series focussing specifically on historical errors .
The first was written just under two years ago , so it is high time we saw another .
Hopefully this list will help us all to help put an end to the mythologies that so many people believe today .
10 The Old Religion
The Myth : An Old Religion was practiced in rural Europe until it was stamped out by the witchcraft persecutions , which killed millions of women .
[ Source ]
The Witch - cult is the term for a hypothetical pre-Christian , pagan religion of Europe that allegedly survived into at least the early modern period .
The theory was postulated by some 19th and 20th century scholars based upon the conspiracy theory that the European witchcraft which had been persecuted in the witch - hunt had been a part of a Satanic plot to overthrow Christianity , and indeed most of the evidence for the theory was compiled by studying the accounts of the persecutors in the witch trials in Early Modern Europe .
The theory notably gave rise to several neopagan religions , such as Wicca and Stregheria in the 20th century .
In fact , there was no “ old religion ” and modern day Wicca originated in the 20th century and was popularized by Gerald Gardner in 1954 .
9 The Great Depression
The Myth : Starvation was rife in the Great Depression
It is very common when hearing about the Great Depression to imagine hoards of families starving to death due to lack of food and money , but while money was , indeed , scarce , most people were able to survive through resourcefulness and charity .
The depression meant hunger , malnutrition , overcrowding , and poor health .
It gave rise to widespread poverty and suffering .
While virtually no one died from starvation , many did not have enough to eat .
People searched garbage dumps for food or ate weeds .
It is the resourcefulness that people learnt during this time that helped to make rationing easier on the British during the Second World War .
The replacement of a hands - off approach to the economy with a more regulated one by President Roosevelt has been blamed by many for the current economic crisis .
8 Queen Cleopatra
The Myth : Cleopatra was Egyptian
Though Cleopatra bore the ancient Egyptian title of pharaoh , the Ptolemaic dynasty ( of which she was a part ) was Hellenistic ( Greek ) , having been founded 300 years before by Ptolemy I Soter , a Macedonian Greek general of Alexander the Great ( depicted by Anthony Hopkins in the Oliver Stone film : Alexander ) .
As such Cleopatra ’s language was the Greek spoken by the Hellenic aristocracy , though she was reputed to be the first ruler of the dynasty to learn Egyptian .
She also adopted common Egyptian beliefs and deities .
According to tradition , saddened by the loss of her lover Mark Antony , she killed herself by means of an asp bite on August 12 , 30 BC .
7 The Pyramid Builders
The Myth : Slaves built the pyramids
We have all seen the movies and heard the tales of slaves captured by Egyptian military excursions being used to build the pyramids and temples of Ancient Egypt , but , in fact , they are all completely wrong .
Contrary to popular belief , excavated skeletons show that the pyramid builders were actually Egyptians who were most likely in the permanent employ of the pharaoh .
Graffiti indicates that at least some of these workers took pride in their work , calling their teams “ Friends of Khufu , ” “ Drunkards of Menkaure , ” and so on — names indicating allegiances to pharaohs .
6 Inquisition Death Toll
The Myth : The inquisition saw the slaughter of tens of thousands
The modern day notion of a unified and horrible “ Inquisition ” is an assemblage of the “ body of legends and myths which , between the sixteenth and the twentieth centuries , established the perceived character of inquisitorial tribunals and influenced all ensuing efforts to recover their historical reality ” .
It was the relatively limited persecution of Protestants , mostly by the inquisitions in Spain and Italy , that provoked the first image of “ The Inquisition ” as the most violent and suppressive vehicle of the Church .
Under the rule of the Protestant Queen Elizabeth I and threatened with military attacks from Spain , England found a new surge of nationalism being fueled by anti-Catholic propaganda centered on a series of books and pamphlets that detailed the horror of the “ Spanish Inquisition ” .
But the reality ?
No more than 2,000 people who were tried by the Inquisition were executed .
The Spanish Inquisition ( which should not be confused with the Office of Inquisition which still exists in the Church as the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ) ceased operating on the 15th July 1834 .
5 Caligula ’s Horse
The Myth : Emperor Caligula made his horse a consul ( a figurative head of the republican government )
Caligula ’s love for his horse , Incitatus , was well known in his time and in present times , but the modern love of a good myth has promoted the horse to a far greater position than in reality .
About seventy years after Caligula died , the historian Seutonius wrote of Caligula and Incitatus : “ Besides a stall of marble , a manger of ivory , purple blankets and a collar of precious stones , he even gave his horse a house , a troop of slaves and furniture , for the more elegant entertainment of the guests invited in his name : and it is also said that he planned to make him consul . ”
The fact that this was not a first hand account ( hence saying : “ it is also said ” ) the report is dubious .
There are no other records that indicate that Caligula did ever indicate that he planned to raise Incitatus to such an important place – let alone do it .
4 Horsing Around
The Myth : Catherine the Great died whilst having sex with a horse
While this myth is very amusing ( no doubt the reason for its popularity ) , Catherine died in bed of illness ; there were no equines involved and a Catherine / horse nexus was never attempted .
So how did the myth arise ?
During past centuries the easiest way for people to offend and verbally attack their female enemies was sex .
Catherine the Great was always going to attract rumours about her sex life , but her voracious sexual appetite – while modest by modern standards – meant that the rumours had to be even wilder .
Historians believe the horse myth originated in France , among the French upper classes , soon after Catherine ’s death as a way to mar her legend .
[ Source ]
3 Spanish Flu
The Myth : Spanish flu came from Spain
The Spanish flu pandemic ( the same virus as Swine flu ) lasted from March 1918 to June 1920 , spreading even to the Arctic and remote Pacific islands .
It is estimated that anywhere from 50 to 100 million people were killed worldwide , or the approximate equivalent of one third of the population of Europe .
Although the first cases of the disease were registered in the continental US and the rest of Europe long before getting to Spain , the 1918 Flu received its nickname “ Spanish Flu ” because Spain , a neutral country in WWI , had no special censorship for news against the disease and its consequences .
Hence the most reliable news came from Spain , giving the false impression that Spain was the most — if not the only — affected zone .
So thanks to the honesty of Spain , they are now marred forever by the title of the worst flu epidemic in modern history .
2 Lopsided
The Myth : Amazons were women who cut off one breast so they could use a bow and arrow better
Considering how ridiculous this story is , it is hard to believe that so many people believe it .
This element of the Amazon myth was invented in the 5th century B.C.
The poor Amazons had to start mutilating themselves because some big boob thoughtlessly dabbled in the dark art of etymology without the proper equipment .
Hellanicus of Lesbos imagined the name was derived from the Greek prefix a- ( “ without ” ) and mazos , a variant of mastos ( “ breast ” ) .
He was surely wrong , but his folk etymology is still firmly embedded in the collective consciousness after more than two dozen centuries .
There was no hint before his time , either in writing or art , that the Amazons had anything other than usual complement of breasts , so we can safely assume that the one - breasted image we have of them flowed from the ( false ) etymology and not vice versa .
[ Source ]
1 Shalom !
The Myth : Jesus spoke Hebrew
First of all , Jesus probably did have a knowledge of Hebrew , but he did n’t speak it .
The language spoken by Jesus ( and the apostles ) was Aramaic .
Aramaic is a semitic language and it was the day - to - day language of Israel from 539 BC – 70 AD .
In fact , contrary to popular belief , some parts of the Bible were never written in Hebrew – but rather Aramaic – chiefly Daniel and Ezra .
It is also likely that Jesus was fluent in Greek as this was the secondary language of the region and it was the language of the common version of the Bible used by the Jews at the time .
Even one of the most well know sayings of Jesus upon the Cross is Aramaic : “ Eloi Eloi lema sabachthani ? ” meaning “ My God , my God , for what have you forsaken me ? ”
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
San Diego Comic - Con , coming next month , is one of the geek holy days , but it 's not for female geeks , apparently .
At least , a new Comic - Con contest was for boys only , and the L.A .
Times published an insulting " guide for girls . "
Advertisement
What makes both of these episodes of insane cluelessness so vexing is that Comic - Con has plenty of female attendees , and you can't walk down the hallways of the convention center without stepping over women in cute costumes camping out in line to see Joss Whedon or Lucy Lawless in person .
So , first the contest .
The other day , comics blogger Johanna Draper Carlson broke the news that video - game site IGN was running a contest tying in with District 9 , the new movie directed by Neill Blomkamp and produced by Peter Jackson .
District 9 , of course , is the movie about aliens landing on Earth and being forced into horrendous internment camps , thus demonstrating the evil of segregation and treating intelligent beings like second - class citizens .
But this message was lost on IGN and the film 's publicists , who put together a contest aimed only at males :
This sweepstakes is open only to males who are both legal residents of the fifty ( 50 ) United States and Washington D.C. and who are at least between 18 - 24 years of age as of July 23 , 2009 .
Advertisement
The winner of the contest would go to Comic - Con where he ( and it has to be a " he " ) would take part in a " journalistic assignment " relating to District 9 , interviewing people connected to the movie , under the supervision of someone from IGN .
After Carlson and other bloggers protested this contest , IGN claimed it was n't their fault :
Hello , IGN here ... The eligibility requirements for this contest were determined by Columbia TriStar Marketing , the marketing team behind the District 9 film , and were passed on as a directive to IGN as Sponsor of this particular Sweepstakes running on the IGN.com site .
While IGN supports gamers of all ages , genders , shapes and sizes , these guidelines were created to foster a buzz for the film among a very narrow target group that the film 's promoters felt would be extremely passionate about the film 's subject matter .
Thanks for listening , we hope this provides some clarification ...
Also know that we 're aware of the frustration these guidelines created and will look to avoid such missteps in the future .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
When the controversy continued over the weekend , IGN finally backed down and created a second contest , just for women .
Men have until June 22 to enter their contest , women have until July 3 , since their contest was created later .
Still , the fact that IGN 's contest was originally for men only sends a terrible message , and I 'm left wondering if the contest 's female winner will have the same " journalistic assignments " as the male one .
But speaking of sending a terrible message , the L.A. Times put out a " Girls ' Guide To Comic - Con 2009 , " which starts out by assuring readers that contrary to what you might believe , the event " is not just for nerdy guys anymore .
And it 's not all just about the influx of squealing " Twilight " girls , either . "
Wow , really ?
You mean women can be into genre entertainment other than Twilight ?
Apparently so .
Because there are more vampires , from True Blood and the upcoming show The Vampire Diaries .
And there 'll be " ass - kicking heroines " from TV shows like Dollhouse , plus maybe Brad Pitt will be there and you can ogle him !
Advertisement
Plus maybe Jake Gyllenhaal will be there for Prince of Persia :
Women will be rushing the stage , offering to do star Jake Gyllenhaal 's laundry on those washboard abs that he acquired for the film , since he spends much of it fighting , shirtless or both .
Advertisement
Write - ups for other upcoming science fiction franchises assure us that they feature an " emotion - driven storyline " or " bittersweet tears . "
So girls , do n't feel intimidated by Comic - Con .
You can do Jake Gyllenhaal 's laundry !
Advertisement
Comic - Con middle finger pic by Omar Gutierrez on Flickr .
Source :
July 03 , 2009 11:14 IST
World Health Organisation head Margaret Chan has warned a forum in Mexico that the swine flu virus worldwide is now unstoppable .
The WHO says most H1N1 cases are mild , with many people recovering unaided .
As the summit opened , the United Kingdom alone was projecting more than 100,000 new cases of H1N1 a day by the end of the summer .
" As we see today , with well over 100 countries reporting cases , once a fully fit pandemic virus emerges , its further international spread is unstoppable , " the BBC quoted Dr Chan as saying in her opening remarks .
She stressed that the overwhelming majority of patients experienced mild symptoms and made a full recovery within a week , often in the absence of any form of medical treatment .
The exceptions , she said , were pregnant women and people with underlying health problems , who were at higher risk from complications from the virus and should be monitored if they fell ill .
" For a pandemic of moderate severity , this is one of our greatest challenges : helping people to understand when they do not need to worry , and when they do need to seek urgent care , " Dr Chan said .
Turning to the summit venue , the WHO chief added , " Mexico is a safe , as well as a beautiful and warmly gracious place to visit . "
Leaders and experts from 50 countries are in Cancun for the two - day meeting to discuss strategies for combating the virus .
Tuesday 's LROC images were purely engineering tests , and this particular frame was part of a sequence specifically designed to check one of the NAC 's settings .
The engineering frames were acquired with only one - tenth the number of lines of a standard 52,224 - line NAC frame to allow the full sequence to be acquired in one orbit .
As an added bonus we captured this spectacular view of the lunar highlands northeast of Clavius crater .
From 56 km altitude , small features such as fresh craters and boulders can be readily identified .
Many hills in the highlands exhibit the so - called " tree bark " or " elephant skin " texture , which really stands out in this picture .
" Tree bark " was first identified by lunar scientists analyzing Apollo - era photography during the 1970s , and its origin remains a mystery .
As NAC images accumulate and more examples are revealed , scientists will delve into the processes that form this distinctive surface texture .
You can browse the full - resolution version of this image below .
CAMDEN , Ind .
The late Tom Anderson , the family doctor in this little farm town in northwestern Indiana , at first was puzzled , then frightened .
He began seeing strange rashes on his patients , starting more than a year ago .
They began as innocuous bumps  “ pimples from hell , ” he called them  and quickly became lesions as big as saucers , fiery red and agonizing to touch .
They could be anywhere , but were most common on the face , armpits , knees and buttocks .
Dr. Anderson took cultures and sent them off to a lab , which reported that they were MRSA , or staph infections that are resistant to antibiotics .
MRSA ( methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) sometimes arouses terrifying headlines as a “ superbug ” or “ flesh - eating bacteria . ”
The best - known strain is found in hospitals , where it has been seen regularly since the 1990s , but more recently different strains also have been passed among high school and college athletes .
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that by 2005 , MRSA was killing more than 18,000 Americans a year , more than AIDS .
The iPhone 3GS lets users record video in pretty decent quality ( see the Cubs game above ) , and in typical Apple fashion , uploading recorded videos to YouTube is a cinch – so much so that Google announced today that since the iPhone 3GS went on sale last Friday , YouTube mobile uploads have increased by 400 % .
But as Homer Simpson once said , “ Oh , people can come up with statistics to prove anything , Kent. 14 % of people know that . ”
That said , the 400 % figure could either mean that iPhone 3GS users are uploading a ton of videos , or it could also mean that users of other mobile phones upload almost no videos , thereby making a few iPhone 3GS videos take on an impressive statistical percentage .
Either way , it seems apparent that iPhone users are getting more use out of their phones than other smartphone owners .
On Friday 4th June 1976 , in a small upstairs room away from the main concert auditorium , the Sex Pistols kicked off their first gig at Manchester ’s Lesser Free Trade Hall .
There ’s some confusion as to who exactly was there in the audience that night , partly because there was another concert just six weeks later , but mostly because it ’s considered to be a gig that changed western music culture forever .
So iconic and important has that appearance become that David Nolan wrote a book , I Swear I Was There : The Gig That Changed the World , investigating just whose claim to have been present was justified .
Because the 4th of June is generally considered to be the genesis of punk rock6 .
We know three chords but you can only pick two
Prior to this ( in fact since around 1971 ) there had been a number of protopunk bands , such as the New York Dolls and the Velvet Underground , but it was this one set by the Sex Pistols that in music folklore started the revolution that set in motion the driving guitars of the Buzzcocks , the plaintive wailing of The Smiths , the eclectic syncopations of the The Fall , the rising majesty of Joy Division and Simply Red ( I guess you ca n’t have everything ) .
Wednesday 19th July 2000 , may not go down in popular culture with quite the same magnitude but it ’s had a similar impact on internet scale business as the Sex Pistols did on music a quarter of a century earlier , for that was the keynote speech by Eric Brewer at the ACM Symposium on the Principles of Distributed Computing ( PODC ) .
The Sex Pistols had shown that barely - constrained fury was more important to their contemporaries than art - school structuralism , giving anyone with three chords and something to say permission to start a band .
Eric Brewer , in what became known as Brewer ’s Conjecture , said that as applications become more web - based we should stop worrying about data consistency , because if we want high availability in these new distributed applications , then guaranteed consistency of data is something we cannot have , thus giving anyone with three servers and a keen eye for customer experience permission to start an internet scale business .
Disciples of Brewer ( present that day or later converts ) include the likes of Amazon , EBay , and Twitter .
Two years later , in 2002 , Seth Gilbert and Nancy Lynch of MIT , formally proved Brewer to be correct and thus Brewer ’s Theorem was born .
Brewer ’s ( CAP ) Theorem
So what exactly is Brewer ’s Theorem , and why does it warrant comparison with a 1976 punk gig in Manchester ?
Brewer ’s 2000 talk was based on his theoretical work at UC Berkley and observations from running Inktomi , though Brewer and others were talking about trade - off decisions that need to be made in highly scalable systems years before that ( e.g. “ Cluster - Based Scalable Network Services ” from SOSP in 1997 and “ Harvest , yield , and scalable tolerant systems ” in 1999 ) so the contents of the presentation were n’t new and , like many of these ideas , they were the work of many smart people ( as I am sure Brewer himself would be quick to point out ) .
What he said was there are three core systemic requirements that exist in a special relationship when it comes to designing and deploying applications in a distributed environment ( he was talking specifically about the web but so many corporate businesses are multi-site / multi-country these days that the effects could equally apply to your data - centre / LAN / WAN arrangement ) .
The three requirements are : Consistency , Availability and Partition Tolerance , giving Brewer ’s Theorem its other name - CAP .
To give these some real - world meaning let ’s use a simple example : you want to buy a copy of Tolstoy ’s War & Peace to read on a particularly long vacation you ’re starting tomorrow .
Your favourite web bookstore has one copy left in stock .
You do your search , check that it can be delivered before you leave and add it to your basket .
You remember that you need a few other things so you browse the site for a bit ( have you ever bought just one thing online ?
Gotta maximise the parcel dollar ) .
While you ’re reading the customer reviews of a suntan lotion product , someone , somewhere else in the country , arrives at the site , adds a copy to their basket and goes right to the checkout process ( they need an urgent fix for a wobbly table with one leg much shorter than the others ) .
Consistency
A service that is consistent operates fully or not at all .
Gilbert and Lynch use the word “ atomic ” instead of consistent in their proof , which makes more sense technically because , strictly speaking , consistent is the C in ACID as applied to the ideal properties of database transactions and means that data will never be persisted that breaks certain pre-set constraints .
But if you consider it a preset constraint of distributed systems that multiple values for the same piece of data are not allowed then I think the leak in the abstraction is plugged ( plus , if Brewer had used the word atomic , it would be called the AAP theorem and we ’d all be in hospital every time we tried to pronounce it ) .
In the book buying example you can add the book to your basket , or fail .
Purchase it , or not .
You ca n’t half - add or half - purchase a book .
There ’s one copy in stock and only one person will get it the next day .
If both customers can continue through the order process to the end ( i.e. make payment ) the lack of consistency between what ’s in stock and what ’s in the system will cause an issue .
Maybe not a huge issue in this case - someone ’s either going to be bored on vacation or spilling soup - but scale this up to thousands of inconsistencies and give them a monetary value ( e.g. trades on a financial exchange where there ’s an inconsistency between what you think you ’ve bought or sold and what the exchange record states ) and it ’s a huge issue .
We might solve consistency by utilising a database .
At the correct moment in the book order process the number of War and Peace books - in - stock is decremented by one .
When the other customer reaches this point , the cupboard is bare and the order process will alert them to this without continuing to payment .
The first operates fully , the second not at all .
Databases are great at this because they focus on ACID properties and give us Consistency by also giving us Isolation , so that when Customer One is reducing books - in - stock by one , and simultaneously increasing books - in - basket by one , any intermediate states are isolated from Customer Two , who has to wait a few milliseconds while the data store is made consistent .
Availability Availability means just that - the service is available ( to operate fully or not as above ) .
When you buy the book you want to get a response , not some browser message about the web site being uncommunicative .
Gilbert & Lynch in their proof of CAP
Theorem make the good point that availability most often deserts you when you need it most - sites tend to go down at busy periods precisely because they are busy .
A service that ’s available but not being accessed is of no benefit to anyone .
Partition Tolerance
If your application and database runs on one box then ( ignoring scale issues and assuming all your code is perfect ) your server acts as a kind of atomic processor in that it either works or does n’t ( i.e. if it has crashed it ’s not available , but it wo n’t cause data inconsistency either ) .
Once you start to spread data and logic around different nodes then there ’s a risk of partitions forming .
A partition happens when , say , a network cable gets chopped , and Node A can no longer communicate with Node B .
With the kind of distribution capabilities the web provides , temporary partitions are a relatively common occurrence and , as I said earlier , they ’re also not that rare inside global corporations with multiple data centres .
Gilbert & Lynch defined partition tolerance as : No set of failures less than total network failure is allowed to cause the system to respond incorrectly and noted Brewer ’s comment that a one - node partition is equivalent to a server crash , because if nothing can connect to it , it may as well not be there .
The Significance of the Theorem
CAP Theorem comes to life as an application scales .
At low transactional volumes , small latencies to allow databases to get consistent has no noticeable affect on either overall performance or the user experience .
Any load distribution you do undertake , therefore , is likely to be for systems management reasons .
But as activity increases , these pinch - points in throughput will begin limit growth and create errors .
It ’s one thing having to wait for a web page to come back with a response and another experience altogether to enter your credit card details to be met with “ HTTP 500 java.lang.schrodinger.purchasingerror ” and wonder whether you ’ve just paid for something you wo n’t get , not paid at all , or maybe the error is immaterial to this transaction .
Who knows ?
You are unlikely to continue , more likely to shop elsewhere , and very likely to phone your bank .
Either way this is not good for business .
Amazon claim that just an extra one tenth of a second on their response times will cost them 1 % in sales .
Google said they noticed that just a half a second increase in latency caused traffic to drop by a fifth .
I ’ve written a little about scalability before , so wo n’t repeat all that here except to make two points : the first is that whilst addressing the problems of scale might be an architectural concern , the initial discussions are not .
They are business decisions .
I get very tired of hearing , from techies , that such - and - such an approach is not warranted because current activity volumes do n’t justify it .
It ’s not that they ’re wrong ; more often than not they ’re quite correct , it ’s that to limit scale from the outset is to implicitly make revenue decisions - a factor that should be made explicit during business analysis .
The second point is that once you embark on discussions around how to best scale your application the world falls broadly into two ideological camps : the database crowd and the non-database crowd .
The database crowd , unsurprisingly , like database technology and will tend to address scale by talking of things like optimistic locking and sharding , keeping the database at the heart of things .
The non-database crowd will tend to address scale by managing data outside of the database environment ( avoiding the relational world ) for as long as possible .
I think it ’s fair to say that the former group have n’t taken to CAP Theorem with quite the same gusto as the latter ( though they are talking about it ) .
This is because if you have to drop one of consistency , availability , or partition tolerance , many opt to drop consistency which is the raison d’être of the database .
The logic .
no doubt , is that availability and partition - tolerance keep your money - making application alive , whereas inconsistency just feels like one of those things you can work around with clever design .
Like so much else in IT , it ’s not as black and white as this .
Eric Brewer , on slide 13 of his PODC talk , when comparing ACID and it ’s informal counterpart BASE even says “ I think it ’s a spectrum ” .
And if you ’re interested in this as a topic ( it ’s slightly outside of what I want to talk about here ) you could do worse than start with a paper called “ Design and Evaluation of a Continuous Consistency Model for Replicated Services ” by Haifeng Yu and Amin Vahdat .
Nobody should interpret CAP as implying the database is dead .
Where both sides agree though is that the answer to scale is distributed parallelisation not , as was once thought , supercomputer grunt .
Eric Brewer ’s influence on the Network of Workstations projects of the mid-nineties led to the architectures that exposed CAP theorem , because as he says in another presentation on Inktomi and the Internet Bubble ( flash ) the answer has always been processors working in parallel :
If they ’re not working in parallel you have no chance to get the problem done in a reasonable amount of time .
This is a lot like anything else .
If you have a really big job to do you get lots of people to do it .
So if you are building a bridge you have lots of construction workers .
That ’s parallel processing also .
So a lot of this will end up being “ how do we mix parallel processing and the internet ? ”
The Proof in Pictures
Here ’s a simplified proof , in pictures because I find it much easier to understand that way .
I ’ve mostly used the same terms as Gilbert and Lynch so that this ties up with their paper .
The diagram above shows two nodes in a network , N 1 and N 2 .
They both share a piece of data V ( how many physical copies of War and Peace are in stock ) , which has a value V 0 .
Running on N 1 is an algorithm called A which we can consider to be safe , bug free , predictable and reliable .
Running on N 2 is a similar algorithm called B .
In this experiment , A writes new values of V and B reads values of V .
In a sunny - day scenario this is what happens : ( 1 ) First A writes a new value of V , which we ’ll call V 1 .
( 2 ) Then a message ( M ) is passed from N 1 to N 2 which updates the copy of V there .
( 3 ) Now any read by B of V will return V 1 .
If the network partitions ( that is messages from N 1 to N 2 are not delivered ) then N 2 contains an inconsistent value of V when step ( 3 ) occurs .
Hopefully that seems fairly obvious .
Scale this is up to even a few hundred transactions and it becomes a major issue .
If M is an asynchronous message then N 1 has no way of knowing whether N 2 gets the message .
Even with guaranteed delivery of M , N 1 has no way of knowing if a message is delayed by a partition event or something failing in N 2 .
Making M synchronous does n’t help because that treats the write by A on N 1 and the update event from N 1 to N 2 as an atomic operation , which gives us the same latency issues we have already talked about ( or worse ) .
Gilbert and Lynch also prove , using a slight variation on this , that even in a partially - synchronous model ( with ordered clocks on each node ) atomicity cannot be guaranteed .
So what CAP tells us is that if we want A and B to be highly available ( i.e. working with minimal latency ) and we want our nodes N 1 to N n ( where n could be hundreds or even thousands ) to remain tolerant of network partitions ( lost messages , undeliverable messages , hardware outages , process failures ) then sometimes we are going to get cases where some nodes think that V is V 0 ( one copy of War and Peace in stock ) and other nodes will think that V is V 1 ( no copies of War and Peace in stock ) .
We ’d really like everything to be structured , consistent and harmonious , like the music of a prog rock band from the early seventies , but what we are faced with is a little bit of punk - style anarchy .
And actually , whilst it might scare our grandmothers , it ’s OK once you know this , because both can work together quite happily .
Let ’s quickly analyse this from a transactional perspective .
If we have a transaction ( i.e. unit of work based around the persistent data item V ) called α , then α 1 could be the write operation from before and α 2 could be the read .
On a local system this would easily be handled by a database with some simple locking , isolating any attempt to read in α 2 until α 1 completes safely .
In the distributed model though , with nodes N 1 and N 2 to worry about , the intermediate synchronising message has also to complete .
Unless we can control when α 2 happens , we can never guarantee it will see the same data values α 1 writes .
All methods to add control ( blocking , isolation , centralised management , etc ) will impact either partition tolerance or the availability of α 1 ( A ) and / or α 2 ( B ) .
Dealing with CAP
You ’ve got a few choices when addressing the issues thrown up by CAP .
The obvious ones are :
Drop Partition Tolerance
If you want to run without partitions you have to stop them happening .
One way to do this is to put everything ( related to that transaction ) on one machine , or in one atomically - failing unit like a rack .
It ’s not 100 % guaranteed because you can still have partial failures , but you ’re less likely to get partition - like side - effects .
There are , of course , significant scaling limits to this .
Drop Availability
This is the flip side of the drop - partition - tolerance coin .
On encountering a partition event , affected services simply wait until data is consistent and therefore remain unavailable during that time .
Controlling this could get fairly complex over many nodes , with re-available nodes needing logic to handle coming back online gracefully .
Drop Consistency
Or , as Werner Vogels puts it , accept that things will become “ Eventually Consistent ” ( updated Dec 2008 ) .
Vogels ’ article is well worth a read .
He goes into a lot more detail on operational specifics than I do here .
Lots of inconsistencies do n’t actually require as much work as you ’d think ( meaning continuous consistency is probably not something we need anyway ) .
In my book order example if two orders are received for the one book that ’s in stock , the second just becomes a back - order .
As long as the customer is told of this ( and remember this is a rare case ) everybody ’s probably happy .
The BASE Jump
The notion of accepting eventual consistency is supported via an architectural approach known as BASE ( Basically Available , Soft - state , Eventually consistent ) .
BASE , as its name indicates , is the logical opposite of ACID , though it would be quite wrong to imply that any architecture should ( or could ) be based wholly on one or the other .
This is an important point to remember , given our industry ’s habit of “ oooh shiny ” strategy adoption .
And here I defer to Professor Brewer himself who emailed me some comments on this article , saying : the term “ BASE ” was first presented in the 1997 SOSP article that you cite .
I came up with acronym with my students in their office earlier that year .
I agree it is contrived a bit , but so is “ ACID ” – much more than people realize , so we figured it was good enough .
Jim Gray and I discussed these acronyms and he readily admitted that ACID was a stretch too – the A and D have high overlap and the C is ill - defined at best .
But the pair connotes the idea of a spectrum , which is one of the points of the PODC lecture as you correctly point out .
Dan Pritchett of EBay has a nice presentation on BASE .
Design around it Guy Pardon , CTO of atomikos wrote an interesting post which he called “ A CAP Solution ( Proving Brewer Wrong ) ” , suggesting an architectural approach that would deliver Consistency , Availability and Partition - tolerance , though with some caveats ( notably that you do n’t get all three guaranteed in the same instant ) .
It ’s worth a read as Guy eloquently represents an opposing view in this area .
Summary
That you can only guarantee two of Consistency , Availability and Partition Tolerance is real and evidenced by the most successful websites on the planet .
If it works for them I see no reason why the same trade - offs should n’t be considered in everyday design in corporate environments .
If the business explicitly does n’t want to scale then fine , simpler solutions are available , but it ’s a conversation worth having .
In any case these discussions will be about appropriate designs for specific operations , not the whole shebang .
As Brewer said in his email “ the only other thing I would add is that different parts of the same service can choose different points in the spectrum ” .
Sometimes you absolutely need consistency whatever the scaling cost , because the risk of not having it is too great .
These days I ’d go so far as to say that Amazon and EBay do n’t have a scalability problem .
I think they had one and now they have the tools to address it .
That ’s why they can freely talk about it .
Any scaling they do now ( given the size they already are ) is really more of the same .
Once you ’ve scaled , your problems shift to those of operational maintenance , monitoring , rolling out software updates etc. - tough to solve , certainly , but nice to have when you ’ve got those revenue streams coming in .
References
I lost 30 pounds in three months .
If you wanted to know how I did it , and how I intend on maintaining my current weight , then these 50 weight loss tips are for you .
I ’m not an expert , but I do speak from experience .
If it helps you attain your own weight loss goals , then I ’m happy to have helped ( if only to serve as a reinforcement of knowledge you already possess ) .
Most of this , I learned on my own or through close friends and family members .
Feel free to add your own tips to this list , too !
If you want even more help , I now have an PDF eBook series available , which includes an ebook version of the diet and weight loss tips that follow .
Be sure to download my weight loss ebook before you scoot away !
Having these tips on your hard drive or your iPhone will serve as a regular reminder of how to maintain your personal health .
Dietary control and exercise .
It ’s true what they say – all you need to do is watch what you eat , and expend more energy than you consume .
It ’s really that simple .
You can quit reading this list now , you now know everything you need to know and did n’t need to fork over $ 500 for the privilege of me telling you the secret of losing weight .
You do n’t need to read a 4,000 page book , you do n’t have to buy a tape series , you do n’t need to stay up late at night to watch infomercials to understand this basic premise .
It ’s 100 % true .
Change your lifestyle .
If you ’re calling this a “ diet , ” then you ’re going to gain all the weight back ( and more ) within a few months of losing it .
Diets do not work .
Diets are temporary .
When you change your dietary lifestyle , however , you ’re changing your habits – and you ’re putting yourself on track for long - term / continued success and weight maintenance .
Do n’t ever tell anybody you ’re on a diet – ever .
I ’m speaking from experience , here – a reformed low - carber .
Worked out well for a while , but ultimately failed because my entire lifestyle did n’t change ( permanently ) .
Join an online support group .
In my case , I created my own – FatBlasters .
It ’s essential that you not feel alone , and reaching out to friends ( new or old ) is typically a smart move .
I just heard about PeetTrainer , but did n’t know about it when I began down the road to weight loss .
You have to know that others are out there for moral support – they know things that you could n’t possibly know , and they ’ve probably been “ in your shoes ” at some point in the past ( or present ) .
Share stories , laughter , tears , successes , and failures – share them .
There are thousands of communities out there , so keep looking until you find the one that fits you .
Take before and after photos .
I know it sucks to see yourself as a chunky monkey ( sorry , that ’s what I called myself – if only to get myself motivated to meet my weight loss goal ) .
However , there ’s no easier way to illustrate your progress .
The “ after ” photos are far more fun to capture and share , admittedly .
Find yourself on Flickr !
It ’s good to see yourself how others see you .
Do you like how you look ?
In many ways , Flickr helped me lose weight .
Hire a substitute teacher .
Do n’t reach for the brands you know and love immediately – or without thinking first .
Eggs are “ good ” for you , but consider using egg substitutes instead ( in fact , many restaurants will let you order lower calorie foods ) .
There are countless “ lower ” alternatives for you to try .
If something different does n’t taste good , by all means – find a better substitute , or eat less of the original .
In some cases , the substitute may be worse for you than the regular version of the product .
The good news is , healthier choices are silently replacing their “ normal ” counterparts – and they taste just as nice .
Start reading labels .
I know it sucks , but you have to do it – and there ’s no way to avoid this tip .
If you do n’t know what you ’re putting in your mouth , you ’re flying blind .
Do n’t assume , either – triple - check the ingredients list and serving sizes .
You must rely on yourself for this ; nobody else is going to be able to lose the weight or do the math for you .
It ’s not that complicated a task , but it will require effort .
If nothing else , just pay attention to the calorie count .
What ’s so funny about bovines ?
If you like cheese , you must buy the Laughing Cow brand , and keep several of the suckers in stock at all times .
The individually - wrapped wedges make for excellent snacks , and are wonderful when melted over just about anything edible .
I ’d be careful about straight - up American cheese , though – it ’s oil , but not necessarily as good for you as ( say ) a slice of cheddar would be .
I have yet to find something as calorie - light and filling as Laughing Cow ( I do n’t know how they do it ) .
Tell your family .
You ’re not going to lose the weight alone , even if you ARE alone in losing the weight .
If you ’ve got a family at home , talk to them about it – initially , not incessantly .
Let them know what you ’re going to do , and that you want ( and need ) their support .
If you do n’t let them know , you ’re running the risk of them inadvertently sabotaging your efforts .
You want them to help you get to your goal (s ) .
You want them to share in your happiness when you ’ve made it past a certain mark .
Who knows ?
Maybe some of your new habits will rub off on them and they ’ll become healthier people , too ?
Go public .
I did n’t want to admit that I had screwed up , but admitting the problem in public was the first step on the path to eventual success .
I was now accountable for my actions , and all my friends knew what I was doing .
There was no turning back , otherwise I ’d be risk damaging my integrity .
I did n’t want to disappoint the people who read me on a regular ( or semi- regular ) basis .
Plus , it ’s an easy way to find out which of your friends have gone through the process before – and glean tips from their own experiences .
Then , other friends might become inspired to do the same thing you ’re doing once they see that you ’ve taken the first step .
Identify your exercise .
No exercise was created equal .
You might like running , so run .
You might like jogging , so jog .
You might like stationary bikes , so bike stationarily .
Find the one that works best for you – that is n’t too much of a chore for you to do regularly throughout the week .
Do n’t pick a routine that you do n’t like – or you wo n’t want to do it , and you certainly wo n’t stick with it for long .
I also would n’t recommend buying into that whole “ no pain , no gain ” mantra .
I ’ve lost weight without hurting myself , and you probably can , too .
Become a Gazelle .
You ’ve probably seen Tony Little on TV , selling his Gazelle glider – a low impact exercise machine .
I can tell you : it works .
It ’s easy on my legs , and really gives me a workout when I apply myself on it .
Some people say it ’s awkward to use , but I love mine – and would consider recommending no other home exercise equipment at this point .
Then again , I ’m a wimpy geek who only wants to burn calories .
Zone out .
There ’s a reason why people exercise to their favorite music – listening to external stimulus takes your mind off of the physical activity .
That ’s the secret to making “ exercise time ” fly .
If you ’re concentrating on what your body is doing , the session is going to drag on for what will seem like days .
Buy a portable music player , or situate yourself in front of a television .
[ rsslist : http://shop.tagjag.com/products/weight+ebook]
Never count on live programming .
It ’s important to stimulate your mind while your body is exerting itself in other ways .
However , never rely on “ what ’s on TV or the radio ” at the time .
Instead of zoning out , you ’ll find yourself flipping between channels – and that ’s going to make the time drag as much as it would if you were n’t keeping your mind busy in the first place .
“ Live ” is a very bad idea .
Go with pre-recorded programming or go without .
Video games helped me lose weight .
I can keep my balance on the Gazelle ( which some might find difficult to do ) .
As such , I plugged an Xbox 360 into the TV and started to play it while I was working out .
Immediately , I found that I was sweating more than I was when I was only watching TV passively !
The reason boils down to a single word : adrenalin .
Now , the only way I ’m able to work up a sweat is when I play a fast - paced game on the game console .
Yes , even game genre is important ; avoid any diversions that require long pauses between tasks .
Racing games ( like Burnout ) have worked very well for me .
The more mindless the game , the better your burn , the faster the exercise session will go .
Set realistic goals .
You can lose 50 pounds in a week if you work out 12 hours a day and eat nothing but celery – but not if you ’re human .
Slow and steady wins the race .
Do n’t bite off more than you can chew – literally .
Make small goals on your way to the bigger goal (s ) .
In the end , you ’ll have achieved more ( and more frequently , might I add ) .
Avoid trans fats and high fructose corn syrup .
I offer this suggestion for a few reasons .
First , they ’re not good for you anyway .
Second , you ’ll eliminate a lot of the “ bad foods ” outright – no questions asked .
You ’ll have to become more selective in what you eat by avoiding these two nasty ingredients – which are in more foods than you probably care to know .
Do n’t always listen to your mate .
I ’ve already suggested that you tell your family – but sometimes members of your family will try to dissuade you from trying to lose weight .
It ’s simple : they might not want you to succeed where they may have already failed , whether consciously or inadvertently .
Your loss is not always their gain .
Watch out for statements like : “ You ’ve lost enough weight . ” or “ I like you just the way you are . ”
Fact of the matter is , if YOU do n’t like the way that YOU are – then YOU are going to have to do something about it , no matter what anybody says .
They still love you , though ( in theory ) .
Do n’t compare yourself to others .
Every body is different .
It stands to reason that everybody will lose weight differently .
Even if you do the exact same things that I do , you wo n’t lose weight at the same rate .
The key is in finding your triggers .
Keep your goal in sight , and do whatever you have to do to meet that goal .
When you start looking at someone else ’s habits , you ’re only going to become discouraged and quit without even realizing that it ’s physically impossible to be anybody but yourself .
Women are n’t men .
It ’s been proven that men can lose weight more rapidly than women can , which is likely due to our physiological makeup ( women are supposed to have more fat than men , because they ’re the birthing gender ) .
This is n’t a sexist statement to make – it ’s pretty much the truth .
As such , females should expect to set separate goals than males – especially if you ’re working on losing weight together , side by side .
Take a magic pill .
Nonsense !
There is no such thing as a magic pill .
Do n’t fall victim to the hype of the latest fat - burning drug commercial .
If you listen or read closely , you ’ll see that every single one of these things is effective when combined with proper diet and exercise ( which they even state in their advertisements ) .
The side - effects for these drugs are usually worse than your additional weight , anyway .
Vitamins are good for you .
If you ’re going to take any pills , let them be natural supplements ( like Essential Fatty Acids or multivitamins ) .
Be careful about overdoing it , though – especially with herbal remedies .
Too much of anything is a bad thing .
You can consult a nutritionist , but always buy on your own – and keep these supplements to a minimum .
Remember , too , that specific vitamins are no good without specific minerals .
Deck your desktop .
In the beginning , some of my friends sent me complicated spreadsheets to help chart progress .
Uh , no – not for me ; I ’m the kind of guy who likes taking the easy route .
As such , I scoured the Web for the best desktop tool and remembered CalorieKing .
You wo n’t find anything easier to use .
Trust me , this is the one ; I can keep track of everything I eat and expend ( without hassle ) .
While the statistic - addicts will love CalorieKing for its thoroughness , the utility was truly designed with non-geeks in mind .
The CalorieKing Web site and service are fine on their own , but the downloadable client is what you really want to get .
Pay the registration fee , man – how much is your health worth to you ?
Identify your ideal weight .
If you ’re 5 ’ 5 ″ with a certain build , there ’s an ideal weight that matches your body type .
Find it – and make that your goal .
And if you do n’t know what that might be , try searching the Web for a calculator ( though results and calculations will vary by a small margin ) .
Now you have a weight goal to shoot for .
Consider the source .
I ’m going to make a gross generalization here , but … why would I trust an overweight doctor or nutritionist to give me proper advice on weight loss ?
“ Do as I say and not as I do ” is not a maxim I ’m willing to accept from anybody who would be qualified to tell me how to do something .
Talk to people who are doing it , or who have done it and been successful .
You do n’t have to mirror their regimen , but at least you ’re getting help from someone who ’s really been there .
Or , as they said in the Christmas episode of “ Two and a Half Men , ” people who live in fat asses should n’t throw waffles .
Ignore Ronald McDonald .
You do n’t have to eliminate fast food completely , but you should avoid it at all costs .
Most of it is nasty , bad stuff anyway – if you ’d even go as far as to call it food .
If you ’re looking for convenience , find a more convenient meal source .
Besides , most of what they serve would be considered “ food product , ” not food .
There ’s a gigantic difference as far as your body is concerned .
Your bloodstream does not have taste buds , need I remind you ?
Scale up .
If your measurement tool sucks , upgrade it .
If it ’s analog , dump it .
I ’ve talked to many geeks about their choice in scales , and most of them ( myself included ) recommend something in the Tanita family .
They ’re high - quality , rugged , accurate devices .
Make sure you set your scale on a hard surface , too ( as carpet foundations do not make for accurate weight measurements ) .
Watch your weight .
Some people say that you should n’t weigh yourself more than once a week .
I ’ve been much happier charting my progress every day .
No matter what , you need to weigh in at the same time , every time .
For me , that ’s 10 am every morning ( or somewhere thereabout ) .
If you decide to weigh yourself every single day , understand that your weight will fluctuate by one or two pounds – and that you should only keep a serious eye on the lengthier trends .
One pound a week .
If you ’re not losing at least one pound a week on your chosen weight loss regimen , you ’re ( a ) stalled , or ( b ) finished .
You might need to push yourself even harder , or ( in some cases ) let up a little bit while your body plays catch - up .
If you lose more than one pound a week , then you ’re doing better than average .
Expecting to lose five pounds a week just is n’t realistic , though .
Maintain your priorities .
Sure , your sandwich would taste amazing with an extra tablespoon of mayonnaise … but do you really need it ?
Rather , is it more important for you to reach your weight loss goal quicker – or have this sandwich taste marginally better ?
What ’ll happen the next time you ’re faced with this decision – will you cave again ?
It ’s a slippery slope ; do n’t lose sight of what ’s most important to you .
All weight is not equal .
Muscle weighs more than fat , but the last thing you want to lose is muscle !
For this reason alone , it ’s important to have a regular exercise routine somewhere in your schedule .
Without exercise , your body is going to burn through muscle first – and you ’ll wind up more imbalanced than you were to begin with .
You want your body to burn fat , not muscle .
You want to lose weight , but you want to lose “ fat ” weight – not muscle mass .
Counteract the “ Rainy Day ” principle .
If you decrease your calorie count without necessarily increasing your physical activity level , your body is going to crash .
It ’s going to say to itself : “ Holy sh*t !
I better store these calories as fat , because I ’m not getting enough of them – and I do n’t want to die . ”
When you exercise , you set your body ’s process to “ burn ” instead of “ save . ”
Do n’t overdo it .
If you change something in your lifestyle , you ’re probably going to see results – but there ’s a law of diminishing returns at play .
You can exercise for an extra hour a day for a week and still lose the same amount as you had when you were only exercising half as much .
Give your body time to adjust – do n’t push yourself too hard or you ’re just going to spend your energy on something that ’s not necessarily going to give you immediate and direct benefit .
This , of course , only applies to those of you wanting to lose fat – not for those who are training for a triathlon .
Patterns are good .
Once you ’ve found your workout groove , do your best to stick with it .
Exercise no less than three times a week for 40 – 60 minutes each time , but do n’t feel the “ need ” to do it more than five times over a seven day period .
Your body will likely appreciate a burn - off in the morning more , but if you need to relieve stress in the evening – do n’t be afraid to adjust your workout schedule accordingly .
Schedule making and keeping are important for other areas of your life as well .
Sleep it off .
To be an efficient fat - burning machine , your body requires at least eight hours of sleep a night .
If you think that you ’re doing yourself a favor by sleeping less , you ’re mistaken .
Give your body time to rest itself , both mentally and physically .
Sleep is very , very important ( if only for mental alertness for the following day ) .
If you feel tired , that ’s likely your body ’s way of saying : “ Shut your eyes , stupid ! ” Remember that the fork is not a shovel .
I eat fast ( I swear I ca n’t help it ) .
Even if I ’m not hungry , I want to shovel everything into my mouth in less than a minute .
But my brain does n’t know that my stomach is full until twenty minutes after it actually is .
As such , I could stuff myself silly before realizing I did n’t need to consume as much as I did .
Try eating half of what ’s on your plate , wait ten minutes , then continue to eat if you ’re still hungry .
You never want to feel full – ever .
That ’s when you know you ’ve eaten too much .
If you want a real hunger - stopper , try an Omega 3 and Omega 6 supplement ( EFAs ) twenty minutes before a meal .
Become your own snack fairy .
It ’s okay to snack between meals , really .
Small meals throughout the day are enough to keep you satisfied , as ( much like the sensation of being full ) you never want to feel hungry .
Let your body know it ’s going to get a regular regimen of calories .
Plus , if you starve yourself for the regular meals , you ’re probably going to eat more before your brain tells your mouth to stop .
Think about it : breakfast , lunch , and dinner are social constructs at their very core .
Love the oil companies .
Just like your car needs high - quality oil , so too does your body .
Not all oils were created equal , though it ’s hotly contested which ones are better for you than others .
Personally , I love a good olive oil – it ’s 100 % natural and is rich with Omega 9 fatty acids .
Enova is another one that we ’ve found to work quite well in our lifestyle at home .
Choose your oil wisely , though – your weight loss goal should be more than simply cosmetic .
It ’s a good rule of thumb when it comes to food : the more natural something is , the better it is for you .
Fat is where it ’s at .
If you think you can lose weight and keep it off by avoiding all fats , you ’re sadly mistaken .
In fact , if you think that low fat eating is the only way to go , you might as well just quit now .
Your body ( and your brain ) needs fat to survive !
This is why the scientists call “ them ” essential fatty acids – Omegas 3 , 6 , and 9 .
These fats have been stripped from many supermarket shelf items , and it ’s your responsibility to put fat back into your dietary plan .
Do n’t avoid eating fat , embrace it – equally .
Bring balance to the force .
If you eat the same foods over and over again , you ’re going to get bored – unless they ’re foods you really , really like .
Feel free to change it up – keep your tongue happy .
Balance carbs with proteins with fats , though .
If you have more of one nutrient for one meal , try more of another nutrient for the next .
And for heaven ’s sake , do n’t just shop in the “ diet ” section of the store .
You can still ( likely ) eat the same things you ’ve always eaten , just not so much of them at any one time .
Know your daily calorie limit .
When I was in the process of losing weight , it was suggested that I stay under 1700 calories a day .
Knowing that number was half the battle .
I could eat anything I wanted throughout the day , so long as I would stay at or beneath that number .
While I could n’t track 100 % of the items I ate , I was able to make intake estimates – and adjust my schedule and ration my remaining calories accordingly .
In this sense , you ’re given extreme freedom – so long as you stay at or beneath that suggested calorie level for your plan .
If you do n’t know how much you ’re supposed to take in , how are you supposed to know how much you ’re supposed to take in ?!
Sounds redundant , but it ’s a situation that many “ dieters ” are in ( which is why they fail ) !
Fiber good .
When you start to lose fat , you ’re probably going to get constipated .
Yeah , it happens more frequently than we care to admit ( or share ) .
You should have a good amount of fiber every day , anyway .
Fiber is very important to your health ( and your weight loss goals ) .
Try the Metamucil snack wafers for a quick fiber infusion .
Then , magnesium citrate for those … “ stuck ” moments , in which you ’ll find yourself from time to time .
Stick a bottle or two of that in your fridge for safe keeping , and do n’t plan on going anywhere for 24 hours after taking a dose ( trust me , trust me , trust me ) .
Walk the walk .
You burn calories when you walk , did you know that ?
Certainly , you do n’t expend as much energy as you do when you run , but you burn it nonetheless .
Consider picking up a good pedometer , if only to gauge how many steps you take in the average day .
According to others , the Omron HJ112 Premium Pedometer is the one to beat .
If nothing else , knowing how many steps you take on the average day will give you a better idea as to your regular activity level – around the home and / or the office .
Plus , you can count those steps as calorie deficits in certain programs ( like CalorieKing ) .
Train wrecks will happen .
One of these nights , you ’re going to go out with friends and eat your weight in steak ( likely blowing any kind of progress you had made for that day ) .
Instead of repeating the overindulgence , just put yourself back on track the next day .
You ’re allowed to “ mess up ” every now and again , so long as you do n’t make a habit out of consuming an excessive amount of food .
Right the dining injustice immediately .
You ’ll be okay .
You ’ll be fine .
Just do n’t do it again .
And again .
And again .
And again .
Satisfy cravings with extreme prejudice .
If you ’re hungry for something , eat it .
Do n’t deny yourself the simple pleasures .
If it ’s possible , eat only half of what you want .
Is your craving satisfied , or are you addicted to the flavor ?
Losing weight should n’t be torture for anybody .
You have to ask yourself :
Is it more important for me to eat this entire case of fudgesicles , or to look good for my brother ’s wedding ?
Only you have the answer to that question , and if you ignore logic , you ’re going to hurt yourself in the long - run .
Just take a nibble or two – I wo n’t tell a soul .
Water you waiting for ?
If you ’re not drinking enough water , your body will let you know .
Thirst is an amazing sensation – quench it .
If you ’re not hydrated , your body wo n’t be working at peak levels .
Most of your body happens to be water , by the way .
If you ’re worried about “ water weight , ” remember that you ’re likely to retain more water when you ’re not giving your body enough of it in the first place .
Besides , that ’s what those workout sessions are supposed to help with every other morning .
I ’m not going to dictate how many glasses you should drink , though – as that ’s going to vary from person to person .
Join the soda club .
Like most people , I love carbonated beverages .
However , unlike most people , I love unflavored carbonated beverages – and if your tongue is attune to sugary - sweet drinks , you ’re also the kind of person who believes that club soda tastes salty ( even when it contains no sodium ) .
Make the move to an unflavored drink sooner rather than later .
If you need help along the way , lemons and limes can be your best friends .
If you ’re going to drink something more than water , at least make sure it ’s not going to hinder your progress .
If you ’re a sugary - soda drinker , dropping it from your daily routine altogether will help you drop ~ 5 or more pounds in a single week ( WITHOUT doing anything else ) .
Sugar is evil that tastes good .
You probably do n’t want to hear this , but sugar is a bad thing .
The more refined it comes , the more your body is going to react negatively to it .
Sugar , sugar , sugar is in everything , everything , everything .
If it ’s sweet , it ’s got sugar in it .
There are all sorts of sugars out there , and all of them are ultimately metabolized by the body .
It ’s a good bet that the sugars in an apple are better for you than the sugars in a candy bar , though .
If you ’re addicted to sugar , this is going to be a horrible hurdle to overcome .
Sugar substitutes are just as evil as sugar itself .
Do you really think your body knows how to handle something that was man-made ?
Seriously .
These chemically - adjusted products do not occur in the wild ; there are no Splenda trees in warmer climates , nor are there NutraSweet plants in the Arctic .
In some instances , taking in sugar substitutes may actually increase your levels of hunger !
Let ’s not forget about all the health issues that might arise from these unnatural substances .
If you ’re given a choice , it ’s almost better to go with something your body knows how to deal with ( real , unprocessed sugar ) .
No , it ’s much safer ( and healthier ) to stay away from blue , pink , and yellow packets entirely .
Do a Web search for “ Artificial Sweeteners May Damage Diet Efforts . ”
Then sit there and tell me they ’re okay ?
No way .
White bread ca n’t jump .
Did you know that white bread is n’t good for you ?
Oh , it ’s true – just ask any diabetic .
Research has shown that people who eat more refined products ( like white bread ) are more likely to have belly fat .
Why ?
It ’s simple : your body is n’t getting what it needs .
The food industry is n’t the health industry , okay ?
You ca n’t trust that they ’ve got your best interests at heart ( despite all their marketing efforts ) .
If you want the flavor of white bread , please eat the whole grain white bread instead ?
Sara lee makes a wonderful loaf , as I can personally attest ( even though I like rye more than white or wheat ) .
Repeat after me : whole grain white bread , whole grain white bread .
Hasta la pasta , baby .
Much like its cousin , white bread , refined pasta can damage your health and pinch your weight loss plans .
I ’m not saying you should quit pasta altogether , but I will suggest that you change your pasta pusher to Barilla .
They have a new wheat pasta that ’s a dead ringer for the ol ’ crappy white stuff you used to eat .
“ Barilla PLUS ” is absolutely fantastic , as well as a good source of fiber and protein .
You ’re usually going to be better off with a “ wheat ” option , although traditional wheat pasta has a texture that you might not like ( even though I find it perfectly acceptable to my palate ) .
Now , once you ’ve achieved your weight loss goals , what are you going to do to keep the fat at bay ?
The worst thing you can do is something I ’ve done countless times over : get lazy .
I ’ve conveniently forgotten about all of the aforementioned rules a few times , and it ’s put me back in the same situation I do n’t want to be in – ever again .
While I do n’t have to be as careful as I was during the weight loss period , I ’m still measuring myself and recording my daily activities .
This may turn into a weekly weigh - in soon enough , as it ’s easier to correct yourself at 5lbs than it is at 50 lbs .
Good luck !
Download these weight loss tips in a convenient ebook format .
Weight Loss Coupons :
[ rsslist : http://coupons.lockergnome.com/cgi-bin/feed_new/rss-custom-feed.pl?swap_ids=&search_method=category&stores=&category=Health+%26+Beauty_Diet+Plans&search_string=&date=0&all_coupons_per_store=1]
Find More Coupons
10 week old Gillin , the orphan baby cougar rescued from the wilds of Oregon , is adjusting well to her new life at the Northeastern Wisconsin Zoo .
Many zoo animals that are solitary in the wild benefit from having friends and hobbies in a captive situation .
Gillin will be introduced to the NEW Zoo 's adult cougar B.B. when she is a bit older .
Like most rambunctious babies , she loves to wrestle .
In order for her to learn appropriate social behavior , she has been provided with a playmate .
Treva is an energetic 2 year old Welsh terrier who belongs to Curator Carmen Murach .
( AP ) -- Microsoft Corp. has taken the rare step of warning about a serious computer security vulnerability it has n't fixed yet .
The vulnerability disclosed Monday affects Internet Explorer users whose computers run the Windows XP or Windows Server 2003 operating software .
It can allow hackers to remotely take control of victims ' machines .
The victims do n't need to do anything to get infected except visit a Web site that 's been hacked .
Security experts say criminals have been attacking the vulnerability for nearly a week .
Thousands of sites have been hacked to serve up malicious software that exploits the vulnerability .
People are drawn to these sites by clicking a link in spam e-mail .
The so - called " zero day " vulnerability disclosed by Microsoft affects a part of its software used to play video .
The problem arises from the way the software interacts with Internet Explorer , which opens a hole for hackers to tunnel into .
Microsoft urged vulnerable users to disable the problematic part of its software , which can be done from Microsoft 's Web site , while the company works on a " patch " - or software fix - for the problem .
Microsoft rarely departs from its practice of issuing security updates the second Tuesday of each month .
When the Redmond , Wash .- based company does issue security reminders at other times , it 's because the vulnerabilities are very serious .
A recent example was the emergency patch Microsoft issued in October for a vulnerability that criminals exploited to infect millions of PCs with the Conficker worm .
While initially feared as an all - powerful doomsday device , that network of infected machines was eventually used for mundane moneymaking schemes like sending spam and pushing fake antivirus software .
---
On the Net :
Microsoft support page : http://tinyurl.com/kwh8ls
Sometimes in Washington , what is most scandalous is the attempt to create a scandal where none exists .
Let me give you a current example .
Maybe you ’ve heard about an allegation of scandal against Jane Harman , the California Democrat who served with great distinction on the House Select Committee on Intelligence until Nancy Pelosi gave her the heave - ho .
The story is almost insanely complicated .
But the deeper you delve into the details , the more you see that if there is any wrongdoing in the case , it was done by Harman ’s accusers .
Some background :
Elements within the FBI and other U.S. agencies have been convinced for years that Israeli spy agencies have penetrated the U.S. government .
These anti-Israel elements responded with what spy types call a “ mole hunt ” — a ferocious search for the suspected infiltrator .
Again and again , the search has turned up empty .
But from the point of view of a mole hunter , nothing is more damning than the absence of evidence :
The inability to discover the mole only proves the mole ’s vicious cunning !
Then , at last , in October 2005 the mole hunters found their man : a career Defense Department employee named Larry Franklin .
Franklin ’s offense ?
Brace yourself …
Franklin had learned of U.S. intelligence reports that Iranian sabotage teams were operating inside Iraqi Kurdistan .
These reports were being disregarded for a reason very familiar in the Bush years :
They contained uncomfortable news that higher - ups did not wish to know .
Franklin , however , thought the information important — maybe vitally important .
He thought it needed to be pushed up the organization chart .
Lacking the clout to move the information himself , he decided to do what frustrated officials often do :
He leaked it .
Specifically , he leaked the information to two employees — American citizens both — of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , in the hope that they could galvanize a response from their contacts in the White House .
The two , Steve Rosen and Kenneth Weissman , shared Franklin ’s information with journalists , colleagues , and the Israeli embassy .
For this action , all three were charged with criminal offenses .
Investigators squeezed Franklin ’s point of vulnerability :
He had a seriously ill wife and could not afford the loss of his government health - care coverage .
He pleaded guilty to mishandling classified information and was sentenced to almost 13 years in prison .
Rosen and Weissman go to trial in June for violating the Espionage Act of 1917 .
Two months after Franklin ’s sentencing , another leak of classified information hit the newspapers .
On Dec. 16 , 2005 , The New York Times reported the existence of a vast , unknown National Security Agency program to intercept foreign electronic communications .
Unlike the Franklin leak , which was intended to jolt an unwilling bureaucracy into action to defend the country , the Times leak was intended ( by the leakers ) to sabotage a program integral to that defense .
The leak lethally compromised a vital intelligence - collection effort .
In terms of its direct and immediate usefulness to America ’s enemies , the Times story may count as the worst betrayal of vital national information in a generation .
Needless to say , nobody has ever been prosecuted for that or for any of the other leaks that have done actual damage to American security since 9/11 , such as The Washington Post leak that revealed the locations of prisons in which high - value al Qaida detainees were being held .
The stories of these two leaks converged in Jane Harman ’s office .
The Franklin prosecution appalled and disturbed many people who care intensely about national security .
A campaign was launched to help raise awareness of the Franklin case .
Sometime in October 2005 , a call was placed by a Franklin supporter to Harman .
( This as - yet - unnamed supporter is described in some accounts as a suspected Israeli agent ; but by October 2005 , of course , the anti-Franklin prosecutors were convinced that Washington was half - filled with Israeli agents . )
The Franklin supporter offered Harman a political proposition :
If she would take up the case of Franklin and the two AIPAC officials , the supporter would undertake to mobilize political support for Harman ’s campaign to keep her job as the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee .
Harman seems never to have acted on this proposition .
But the fact that she had taken the call persuaded the mole - hunters that she , too , was part of the Israeli conspiracy in Washington .
Department of Justice prosecutors determined to file charges against her .
Those charges were promptly vetoed by then - Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
He pointed out that Harman was working fiercely to persuade the Times not to publish the NSA intercept story .
“ We need Jane , ” he said .
There ’s no evidence of a deal or trade between Harman and Gonzales .
No suggestion that she was motivated to lobby the Times for reasons other than her own initiative .
No suggestion that Harman ’s actions stemmed from anything except a public - spirited effort to stop a newspaper from compromising the country ’s security in order to achieve the thrill of a scoop .
And yet for acting public - spiritedly and responsibly , Jane Harman is now being treated like some kind of corrupt dealmaker .
In fact , this whole bundle of stories is one in which the designated targets of outrage are those who have behaved well — while those who behaved badly escape entirely .
Franklin ’s leak intended to safeguard the nation ?
Espionage .
The Times ’ leak that intensely damaged the nation ?
A prize - winner .
Harman ’s deal - making to keep her highly deserved seat on the Intel committee ?
A scandal .
Nancy Pelosi ’s dealmaking to force Harman off and replace her with either Alcee Hastings ( a former federal judge impeached on corruption charges ) or the very lightly knowledgeable Silvester Reyes ?
Business as usual .
The “ Israel Lobby ’s ” support for Franklin and Harman and other hawkish Democrats ?
A sinister conspiracy of intergalactic proportions .
The anti-Israel mole - hunters ’ eagerness to prosecute Franklin and give a pass to the many more damaging leakers who have done actual harm to the country ?
Solid policework .
We have here a situation in which patriots are being treated like traitors — while people who have done the country more harm than many traitors are being treated like patriots .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The environment won a temporary reprieve in the recession as Americans slammed the brakes on one of their favorite pastimes : consuming stuff .
Six 1.5 - megawatt wind turbines are pictured at work at the Exelon - Community Energy Wind Farm at Somerset , Pennsylvania , August 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stelios Varias
But while the austerity brought by a battered economy has cut pollution , it has also hit investment in green technology , which could damage the environment in the longer term , experts say .
“ Certainly , in the short - term we are using fewer resources ... ( but ) I ’d much rather see a healthy economy , ” said economist Dean Baker , co-director of the Washington - based Center for Economic and Policy Research .
As the downturn has made people more frugal , landfill volumes have dropped and sales of appliances like air conditioners have plummeted .
Data suggests
Americans are more open to using public transportation and reusing goods .
“ There ’s an unavoidable benefit , in the sense that they do consume less .
There ’s no getting around that .
Fewer houses are being built , less sprawl , ” said David Cassuto , professor of environmental law at Pace University .
The construction slump is a key reason garbage - dump volumes have declined , according to those in the industry .
Sector - wide estimates are not available , but Waste Management , the top U.S. trash and recycling company , said its landfill volumes fell 13.6 percent in the first quarter from a year ago .
Americans are driving less , even though gasoline prices have tumbled from last year ’s highs above $ 4 a gallon .
Many people are taking other small steps to cut costs where they can , even if it means appearing a little less crisp .
Dry cleaning has dropped about 20 percent from last year , the National Cleaners Association in New York estimates .
Lynette Waterson , owner of Crystal Cleaning Center in San Mateo , California , said the recession has made a big dent in dry cleaning frequency .
“ I think people are probably not cleaning their clothes as often as they might under previous circumstances , ” she said .
Research shows people have shifted their perception of what they need .
A Pew Research Center poll in April found the number of people who viewed clothes dryers as a necessity tumbled by 17 percentage points in 2009 from 2006 .
There was a 16 point decrease in those who viewed air conditioners as a necessity .
Alexander Lee , executive director of Project Laundry List , a nonprofit group that promotes line - drying clothes to save energy , said the recession brought an uptick in interest in his organization .
According to the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers , air conditioner sales in June plummeted 60 percent from a year earlier .
Year - to - date , purchases are down 39 percent .
Sales of all major appliances were down 29 percent for June and 19 percent year to date .
DOUBLE -EDGED SWORD
But reduced consumption may be temporary , said experts who bemoaned a decline in major investments in green energy that could benefit the environment in the longer - term .
“ It ’s not a long - lasting or sustainable reduction , ” said Andy Stevenson , financial analyst for the National Resources Defense Council .
Americans are consuming less , but many have also lost their jobs and have little disposable income .
“ If you ’re driving less because you are not employed , that does n’t really count to me , ” Stevenson said .
Recycling volumes have declined with the value of commodities and as municipalities try to cut costs , said Bruce Parker , president of the National Solid Wastes Management Association .
Although no major metropolitan areas have decided to abandon the practice , some have considered putting recycling programs on the chopping block , he said .
Some investors have scrapped plans for clean energy ventures as financing for major projects shrinks .
The amount of new U.S. wind - power development is expected to fall for the first time since 2004 as tight credit and lower oil prices prompt a focus on smaller projects .
“ A lot of deployment of solar and wind were on a very aggressive schedule and now they are being pared back a bit because of the recession , ” Stevenson said .
T. Boone Pickens , the billionaire oil man , has scaled back his plan to build the largest wind farm in the country .
Others say costs of cleaning up or protecting the environment are easier to bear during good economic times .
A fuel tax to cut carbon emissions , for example , might be more palatable to voters when times are flush than when unemployment is in the double digits , Baker said .
“ People do n’t mind paying a 50 cent tax on gasoline when they just got a two percent raise , ” he said .
Free Range Kids – Giving Our Children the Freedom We Had Without Going Nuts with Worry by Lenore Skenazy is a non-fiction book about parenting and allowing children to be independent .
This book was a fun and entertaining read weighing in at just under 200 pages .
It is slathered with humor and sarcasm just the way I like it when reading material breaking down ‘ conventional wisdom ( Did you know it is a derogatory term ? ) ’.
Lenore also keeps a blog http://freerangekids.wordpress.com with the latest triumphs and tragedies that confront Free Range Parents .
The TV is Lying to You
Lenore Skenazy talks about the over reporting and dramatization of abductions .
If you watch ( take your pick : CSI , CSI : Miami , CSI : New York , Cold Case , Criminal Minds , Bones , Law & Order , Law & Order SVU ) or the news there is a 100 % chance are you are going to be bombarded by psychopathic monsters ( and I ’m not just talking about Bill O’Reilly ) .
There is a reason for this .
Fear , like sex , sells .
Do n’t believe me ?
Can you tell me the stories of JonBenet Ramsey , O.J. Simpson , and Caylee Anthony ?
Now , can you summarize Great Expectations , A Tale of Two Cities , and Oliver Twist ?
I find , like Lenore , that people pay way too much attention to television and not enough to their actual neighborhood .
It ’s safe even if the TV says it is not .
Crime statistics are available for your neighborhood .
Responsibility & Independence
Kids want to be independent .
I do n’t know how many times my preschoolers ( soon to start Kindergarten ! ) have shouted , “ NO , DAD ! I CAN DO IT MYSELF ! ” A key notion in this book is about giving your kids responsibility and independence commensurate with their ability .
You teach your child the skills they need to know then you allow them to practice what they ’ve learned .
For instance , my oldest daughter uses the super sharp vegetable peeler and helps peel carrots for dinner .
That is because I taught her how .
Supervised her a couple of times and then let her do it herself .
Did you know what happened ?
SHE CUT HERSELF !
A cheap lesson .
A few tears and a band - aide later we were back peeling vegetables .
But she is so happy when she gets to help make dinner .
As Lenore put it she learned ‘ self - confidence ’ not ‘ parent- supplied - confidence ’ ( a.k.a .
Here is your trophy for being second winner ! )
When we take walks in the evening I have my daughters take turns telling me when it is safe to cross .
Teach them the skills and let them practice .
It is hard to let go but they keep showing me they are smarter than I give them credit for .
Stranger Danger !
Again , on our walks we talk about strangers .
Dad asks , “ Is it OK to talk to strangers ? ”
My kids say , “ Yes . ” Dad says , “ That ’s right ! ”
Another key theme in Lenore ’s book is that not every stranger is a going to snatch you away as soon as Mom & Dad are n’t looking .
Some parents might be aghast , “ YOU SHOULD NEVER LET YOU CHILD TALK TO STRANGERS ! ”
Yeah , you see… that ’s just dumb .
Back to the principle of not assuming people are crazy child snatchers .
One positive note about my kids talking to strangers is that the strangers want to talk back !
I ’ve met many normal ( non kiddie snatchers ) in my neighborhood because they are happy to talk to little girls ( even if their dad is a scary stranger ) .
Again , it is important to teach your children the skills they need in case they are confronted with that creepy person .
Dad asks , “ Do we ever go near a strangers car ? ” Kids say , “ No . ” Dad asks , “ Do we ever go anywhere with a stranger ? ”
Kids say , “ No . ” Dad asks , “ Would mom and dad ever send a stranger to come and get you ? ”
Kids say , “ No . ” Dad says , “ That ’s right I would send … ” and I give them examples of the people we know that we would send to get them .
What are the chances that my girls are going to need to use their skill of not going away with a stranger ?
About 1:1500000 .
They should know these things just in case .
Just like using “ Stop , Drop , and Roll ” , “ Get out of the house first if there is a fire , go to the neighbors , then dial 911 ” , “ If you get lost just sit down and we ’ll find you or ask a STRANGER for help ” .
Heart Disease : 1 - in - 5 Cancer : 1 - in - 7 Stroke : 1 - in - 23 Accidental Injury : 1 - in -36 Motor Vehicle Accident:1-in-100
I tried to find a reference and failed about how people can’t tell the difference between 1:1000 odds and 1:100000 .
It ‘ feels ’ the same to them .
Maybe this is why parents do n’t want to let their kids outside because they can’t tell that being abducted by a stranger ( odds 1:1500000 ) is statistically insignificant .
What parents really need to be worried about are things like obesity , getting exercise , wearing helmets and seatbelts , and sunblock .
OH !
What is this ?
Here is some evidence to back up my assertion .
This is a nice little article talking the about the odds of dying .
I ’m laying out the odds for the top five ways you are going to die .
I ’m personally hoping for the 1:79746 Lightning Strike on my 120th birthday .
So … controlling obesity , getting exercise , wearing helmets and seatbelts , and sunblock helps cut into those odds .
And I even get to let my daughters out to play on the sidewalk all by themselves .
This book was a great little read and helps bring things back into perspective as a parent .
There are so many experts out there trying to scare you into using the products or captivating you while TV stations try to sell you other products .
So , turn off the TV , boot the kids outside , and start reading .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday made permanent a temporary commission rule seeking to rein in " naked shorting , " but some lawmakers argued the regulation is weak and they proposed an alternative approach .
" Until the SEC actually toughens its rules so that abusive short selling can be stopped effectively with enforceable standards , I am concerned that the abuses that took place last year that hastened the demise of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns could happen again , " said Sen .
Ted Kaufman , D - Del .
" Instead of proposing action today to deal with the problem , the SEC apparently is content to let potential solutions sit on the shelf for another two months , " Kaufman said .
Naked short selling is the practice of selling a stock short without first borrowing the security or ensuring that the security can be borrowed as is done in a conventional short sale .
The regulator introduced a rule last year to limit naked shorting by requiring broker - dealers to promptly purchase or borrow securities that they would use to deliver on a short sale .
That was set to expire July 31 , and the SEC said Monday it made the rule permanent .
However , Kaufman and a group of lawmakers argued that the SEC 's steps to rein in naked short selling are n't effective at clamping down on naked short sellers .
They are hoping the agency considers a pre-borrow requirement that they believe could end the problem of naked short selling .
With a pre-borrow requirement an institution would be required to arrange formally to borrow shares , or " pre-borrow " before engaging in a short sale .
Without a pre-borrow requirement it is generally enough for a broker to determine that it has a reasonable basis to deliver the securities when an investor seeks to borrow shares for a short sale .
In an emergency action last year , the SEC temporarily required hedge funds and other short - selling institutions to pre-borrow shares , but it let that provision expire .
The SEC proposed discussing a pre-borrow requirement and other short sale provisions at a public roundtable discussion it has scheduled for Sept. 30 .
Kaufman and other lawmakers want SEC to launch a pilot program to study whether a pre-borrow requirement would end the problem of naked short selling .
" I am pleased that the SEC has announced some new transparency measures and a roundtable on September 30 on the agenda to curb the abuses of naked short selling , " Kaufman said .
Collection of data
The SEC also said it would no longer require hedge funds and other institutional investors to provide short - sale position data to the agency on a weekly , confidential basis .
That provision , which was adopted in October , is set to expire on Aug .
1 .
Instead of collecting data on short - sales , the regulator said it was taking steps to increase the public availability of information related to short sales , including an effort that would make public short - sale volume and transaction data available publicly .
In the next few weeks , the SEC said it expects self - regulatory organizations such as stock exchanges to start publishing aggregate short - selling volume in individual equity securities daily on their Web sites .
However , short sellers would not be required to make their positions publicly available .
" These actions should provide a wealth of information to the commission , other regulators , investors , analysts , academics and the media , " the SEC said in a statement .
Uptick
Separately , under pressure from lawmakers and financial institutions , the SEC in April approved the release of five different proposals for reinstating the up - tick rule , a provision that would limit short selling .
SEC Chairwoman Mary Schapiro said last week the agency plans to adopt one or more up - tick rules by the end of summer .
The five SEC proposals , which were put out for comment vary from reinstating an old rule to creating a new rule that would only apply in severe market conditions .
The uptick rule , which was removed in 2007 after 70 years , allowed short sales only if the preceding sale boosted a company 's stock price by at least a penny .
The uptick rule was designed to make sure short sellers could n't dominate trading in a stock to drive its price lower .
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo .
—
The number of cadets with confirmed cases of the swine flu at the Air Force Academy has increased to 67 .
The academy said Monday that a total of 121 incoming freshmen with flu - like symptoms are being kept in dorms , away from other cadets .
The “ doolies , ” members of the incoming freshman class , are among about 1,300 recent arrivals for their first weeks of military training .
Cadets who started showing symptoms were separated from the rest of the class at the base near Colorado Springs late last week .
Five cadets who had been separated were cleared to join the rest of the freshman class for field training that began Monday , spokesman John Van Winkle said .
The new cadets are camping out on campus where they ’ll be rising around 4:30 a.m. for rigorous training , including marching and running through obstacle courses .
For now , the ill cadets staying in dorms can only review their training manuals and notes .
“ The cadets who are in isolation are going to get a bit more sleep , ” Van Winkle said .
A possible outbreak of swine flu ended a summer youth camp early at the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley , where 10 students and three staffers showed symptoms Sunday .
— ——
Includes information from : The Gazette , http://www.gazette.com
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
Guess what ?
Actively managed mutual funds are bad news , filching your hard - earned money .
Year after year they continue their dark legacy , proving what former Sen .
Peter Fitzgerald said during his reform fight five years ago : " The mutual fund industry is now the world 's largest skimming operation , a $ 7 trillion trough from which fund managers , brokers and other insiders are steadily siphoning off an excessive slice of the nation 's household , college and retirement savings . "
The fund industry defeated the senator 's efforts .
Back then Morningstar 's boss Don Phillips added that funds " lost their moral compass . "
Today it 's far worse .
Greed drives this industry .
The " world 's largest skimming operation " has now lost over 50 % of America 's savings in the decade since the peak of 2000 .
The track record of actively managed funds during the recent subprime - credit meltdown continues to prove that the industry is failing America .
The only way to invest is with index funds , which make up just 14 % of the total .
As " Kiplinger 's Annual Guide " once said about building index - fund portfolios : " If you 're picking from among the best funds to start with , then all you really need for diversification is three stock funds and one bond fund -- and you can forget the other 9,111 funds . "
Yes , forget about 99.9 % of all mutual funds .
As Vanguard 's founder Jack Bogle succinctly put it : " Common sense tells us -- and history confirms -- that the simplest and most efficient investment strategy is to buy and hold all of the nation 's publicly held businesses at very low cost .
The classic index fund that owns this market portfolio is the only investment that guarantees you with your fair share of stock market returns . "
A portfolio of index funds does the trick because it 's diversified broadly across more than a thousand stocks and bonds in the market .
Let 's rumble : lazy investors vs. active - managed competition
Still skeptical ?
OK , the facts , and a competition .
Let 's compare the performance of a half dozen of America 's most popular actively managed funds touted in ads and the financial press over the years .
We 'll compare them to our eight Lazy Portfolios .
As you do , keep in mind one crucial point :
The big sales pitch for actively managed funds is that their managers are supposed to " add value " by beating the market indexes , right ?
Wrong .
For comparison , we picked six perennially popular funds : Fidelity Magellan , Dodge & Cox Stock , Legg Mason Value , Janus Fund , Baron Growth and American Funds ' Washington Mutual .
And keep in mind the compensation paid to the managers of America 's hot - shot funds typically equals 10 or more times the income of the average American .
Unfortunately , as you 'll see , they still lost a lot of their investors ' money .
By comparison , all eight Lazy Portfolios are already sporting positive average annual returns on a 5 - year basis .
Plus they also beat all six of the popular actively managed funds on 1 - year and 3 - year average returns .
I repeat : All eight Lazy Portfolios are outperforming every one of these popular actively managed funds .
Apparently these actively managed funds exist for only one reason ... to make their managers rich , not their own investors .
First , notice that three of these actively managed funds barely matched the performance of the S&P 500 the past year .
In addition , the other three underperformed the S&P 500 by three to seven percentage points .
In short , even though we know that the average compensation of portfolio managers is often $ 400,000 to more than a $ 1 million , the hot - shot managers of these actively managed funds provided no value - added to their funds ' performance .
Conclusion :
Their investors would be better off investing in index funds .
As of June 30 , 2009
Now , let 's compare the performance of those six actively - managed funds to the performance of our eight Lazy Portfolios as of midyear 2009 .
Notice that all eight Lazy Portfolios beat the benchmark S&P 500 across the board for all three time periods .
Yes , the market was in negative territory the past few years , but still all eight Lazy Portfolios outperformed each of the six actively - managed funds .
Lazy Portfolio Number of funds 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Aronson Family 11 - 18.7 % - 3.06 % 2.76 % Fund Advice 11 - 15.8 - 2.18 3.12 Smart Money 9 - 15.9 - 3.70 1.58 Coffeehouse 7 - 15.0 - 3.69 1.46 Yale U. 6 -21.8 - 5.02 1.72 No - Brainer 4 -19.8 - 4.74 1.08 Margaritaville 3 -19.8 - 3.03 2.26 Second - Grader's 3 -24.3 - 6.07 0.68 S&P 500 - 26.2 - 8.22 - 2.24
As of June 30 , 2009
These are midyear numbers .
You can also find automatic daily updates at You can also find automatic daily updates at MarketWatch.com/lazyportfolio .
Here 's why Lazy Portfolios are a winning strategy .
It 's based on the Nobel Prize - winning Modern Portfolio
Theory : Simple well - diversified portfolios of three to 11 low - cost , no - load index funds that require no active trading , no management .
You let them do the work passively without tinkering with allocations .
Just add new money from your regular savings to rebalance and build your retirement nest egg .
( Warning : Wall Street bankers and brokers hate the Lazy Portfolio strategy because they can't get rich on index funds , no front - end commissions , no excessive annual management fees ) .
Six rules for success
Now here 's how it works :
Six simple rules guaranteed to help you diversify , lower risks , level out bull / bear cycles and generate returns that beat the indexes without buying high - expense actively managed funds or wasting your valuable time playing the market .
Customize your own Lazy Portfolio following these six rules and you 'll win .
More important , you 'll have lots of time left to enjoy what really counts , your family , friends , career , sports , hobbies , living .
Market timing is for chumps and chimps .
The market 's random , irrational and unpredictable .
You can't beat it .
It loves humbling the mighty .
Active trading makes no sense for America 's 95 million passive investors , because fees , commissions and taxes kill returns .
Besides , Prof. Terrance Odean 's research proves : " The more you trade the less you earn . "
Back in the '90s a chimp throwing darts beat the stock market , made a monkey out of Wall Street .
It 's easy , you can too .
Frugality , savings versus financial obesity .
Tools like starting early , autopilot saving plans , dollar - cost averaging , frugal living and other tricks are familiar to long - term investors .
Trust your frugality instincts -- living below your means -- it 's a trait common among America 's " millionaires next door . "
The explosive power of compounding .
Albert Einstein , the jolly genius " Man of the Century , " says that compounding is the world 's most powerful force .
Regular savings -- expanding explosively , building on top of itself -- is money power .
Start early , with just $ 100 a month , you can retire a millionaire .
Diversification -- the lost art of being average .
Do n't be greedy , be average .
If you put all your eggs in one basket , like speculative condo- flipping , and it goes belly - up , you end up with a burnt omelet .
Dividend reinvestment guru Chuck Carlson 's says : " Swing for singles . "
Just being average wins .
Buy ( quality ) and hold -- and you 'll never sell .
Ignore all the latest desperate Wall Street hype about " the death of buy and hold . "
They want to con you into paying their high fees and commissions .
Warren Buffett 's favorite holding period is " forever ; " his best time to sell is " never ! "
So ignore Wall Street 's " tips , " do your homework , buy index funds with the idea you 'll never sell , and win .
Do it yourself : The Tortoise consistently beat the Hare .
Think long - term : I remember Ric Edelman 's amazing research : Millionaires spend less than three hours a month on personal finance , just six minutes a day .
So , when you 're ready , step up to the starting line and race like a tortoise .
Discover how America 's slowest , laziest portfolios get you on the road to retirement as a enlightened millionaire .
So that 's our little crib sheet on how to build a lazy retirement portfolio .
For more info , check out my book , the " Lazy Person 's Guide to Investing . "
This method is so easy even a second - grader can grasp this stuff .
In fact , one did , as you 'll see at MarketWatch 's Lazy Portfolios , where we automatically update all eight portfolios at the end of every trading day .
Do it and have fun knowing that you 'll be beating the S&P 500 plus beating America 's popular actively managed funds .
But whatever you do , please do n't spend too much time on investing , not just because it 's a waste of time , but because there really are more important things in life : Loved ones , family , mom , dad , best friends , and doing stuff you love , that makes you happy .
Editor 's note : Rep. Steny Hoyer , a Democrat from Maryland , is the House majority leader .
For another view , read here
Rep. Steny Hoyer says the chance to reform health care is a " once-in-a- generation opportunity . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
History shows that the chance to reform the American health care system is a once - in - a- generation opportunity .
So reform is absolutely worth the time it takes to get it right .
That 's why Democrats are subjecting their plan to bring affordable health care to all Americans to intense scrutiny , and that 's why we 're going home to hear from our constituents , adding to the more than 550 health care town hall meetings and public events that have already taken place this year .
But there is also a distinct urgency to our work -- an urgency fired by an understanding that the most disastrous health plan is a simple extension of the status quo .
If reform splutters , we 'll be left with a broken , unsustainable system , with health costs set to double over the next 10 years , and millions of more Americans projected to lose their coverage .
As rising costs and rapidly - consolidating insurance giants strip coverage from more middle - class families , the costs of inaction will mount every year .
The failure of reform might hold political benefits for Republicans , like the senator who claimed that a health care stall is " going to be a huge gain for those of us who want to turn this thing over in the 2010 election . "
But for those Americans with more serious concerns -- including small business owners , the 47 million uninsured Americans , and the families in danger of joining their ranks -- health insurance reform must pass this year .
Though the details are still under debate -- especially when it comes to bringing down health care costs in the long term -- Democrats and President Obama agree on four principles that will form the backbone of the bill that reaches the president 's desk .
The first principle is stability for the middle class .
The Democratic plan will mean peace - of - mind and an end to fears of lost coverage and financial disaster .
It will prevent medical bills from driving Americans into bankruptcy , and it will stop insurance companies from denying patients coverage because of what they consider pre-existing conditions , such as pregnancy , diabetes , heart disease or cancer .
It will also mean truly secure coverage that does n't end if a worker loses a job , changes jobs or decides to start a new business .
The second principle is affordable coverage for every American .
At the center of our cost - lowering plan is a public insurance option that will strengthen competition in the insurance market and pressure private insurers to lower costs .
For doctors , the Democratic plan includes research on health outcomes to inform treatment choices and electronic records to improve collaboration -- both of which can make treatment more cost - effective .
For seniors , it means an end to the infamous Medicare Part D " doughnut hole , " which prevents seniors with prescription drug costs of $ 2,700 to $ 6,100 per year from receiving Medicare support .
And for small businesses , lower health care costs will remove a crippling burden that stifles their productivity and competitiveness .
The third principle is higher - quality care .
Besides putting more health decisions in the hands of doctors and patients , not insurance accountants , one of the biggest things we can do to be a healthier nation is to strengthen our focus on preventive care .
Americans without insurance regularly forego the care that can keep chronic problems from turning into major illnesses , and even patients with insurance are often discouraged by out - of - pocket costs .
Expanding coverage and ending out - of - pocket payments for care such as check - ups , mammograms , and diabetes exams can mean better health and big savings in the long run .
The fourth and last principle is patient choice .
President Obama has been adamant on this point : Americans who like their coverage can keep it .
In fact , the Democratic plan will expand choice by freeing doctors and patients to make the choices that maximize healthy outcomes , not insurance profits .
We are confident that these principles can stand up to the strongest criticism .
For most of the 20th century , and into the 21st , America has struggled to create a health care system that is worthy of its most valued ideals : equality , opportunity and a strong middle class .
Today , we are closer than ever .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steny Hoyer .
All About Health Care Policy • Barack Obama • Medicare
Tokyo , as an example , is described to be more vibrant and its adherence to politeness is something which easily appeals ...
“ The sound alone was worth the $ 24 billion ! ”
So said fellow Nixon speechwriter Ray Price as the mighty Saturn V rocket lifted Apollo 11 and Armstrong , Aldrin and Collins off the launch pad , three miles away , on the start of their voyage to the moon .
It was a splendid moment in that first year of the Nixon presidency , a year that had gone remarkably well for a minority president who had come to office with both houses held by the opposition .
Within weeks of taking office , Nixon had taken a grand tour of the European capitals .
He had proposed a Family Assistance Plan , cooked up in Pat Moynihan ’s shop , to wide applause .
He had announced a withdrawal of 100,000 troops from Vietnam .
He would greet the astronauts on the aircraft carrier in the Pacific on their return , travel to Guam to announce the Nixon Doctrine , journey on to Vietnam and visit the troops , thence to Romania — the first U.S. president to travel behind the Iron Curtain .
Returning in triumph , Nixon departed for his August vacation .
When he returned to D.C. , the storm clouds had gathered .
In mid-October , hundreds of thousands of protesters surrounded the White House demanding an immediate withdrawal from Vietnam , egged on by a media establishment that had cheered JFK and LBJ all the way into liberalism ’s war .
With David Broder writing of the “ breaking of the president , ” Nixon went on national television to implore the “ great silent majority ” to stand with him for peace with honor in Vietnam .
The networks trashed the speech .
But Vice President Spiro Agnew launched a counter - attack on media power and prejudice .
By December , after another 500,000 had marched on Washington , Nixon was at 68 percent approval and Agnew , after Nixon and Billy Graham , was the third most admired man in America .
Though elected in November 1968 , it was November 1969 that made the Nixon presidency and produced the New Majority Republicans would rely on for decades .
Obama is approaching such a moment of truth .
The universal health insurance plans being advanced all appear too complex , costly , and non-credible to pass both houses .
The cap - and - trade carbon emissions bill , with its huge costs to be passed on to U.S. producers and consumers , as China opts out , seems an act of national masochism .
The $ 787 billion stimulus bill has done zip to stimulate the economy .
Less than 10 percent of the money has gone out the door , which makes one wonder why it was called a stimulus package .
Unemployment is at 9.5 percent , well above what the Obamaites predicted , and rising .
As worrisome is the situation in Afghanistan .
The United States has 66,000 troops in country or on the way , as our NATO allies look for the exit ramp .
We are seven and a half years in and the Afghan army is not remotely capable of defending the nation or regime .
Afghanistan is now Obama ’s war .
He made the decision to deepen U.S. involvement as we headed out of Iraq .
Yet , it is unclear how many U.S. troops will be needed , for how long , to create a stable government and army that can secure the national territory and prevent a return of Al Qaeda .
Moreover , Kabul continues to protest U.S. air strikes that continue to kill civilians , as Pakistan protests the Marine offensive in Helmand that is driving the Taliban into Baluchistan , where a secessionist movement is developing .
Pakistan also seems more worried about shifting its army away from the border with India than about defeating an Afghan Taliban with whom it had a working relationship before 9/11 .
We are thus today pushing the Afghan regime to do what it is not capable of doing , and the Pakistani government and army into doing what it would prefer not to do .
This does not appear a formula for victory .
Also looming is the issue of Iran ’s nuclear program .
Obama has moved up from December to September the deadline for serious discussions to begin .
If they have not begun by October , will Obama go to the U.N. for sanctions ?
If the Russians and Chinese object , will Obama and NATO impose sanctions of their own ?
Will Obama step on an escalator leading inexorably to war ?
Or authorize Israel to launch an attack ?
Does Obama have the authority to take us to war against a nation that has not attacked us ?
If so , where did he get this authority ?
While Congress would readily agree to sanctions , would it sign off on yet another war ?
From North Korea to Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran , and Honduras , and from the economy to health care to carbon emissions , things are not going Obama ’s way .
He is 10 points below where Nixon was after a full year , and on economic issues — unemployment , the deficit , spending — he is under 50 percent .
This presidency is not yet in trouble .
But it is sure headed that way .
Photo credit : NBC Bay Area
I love my Prius , it 's true .
But sometimes , I look at the Dodge Charger ( I'm watching Burn Notice this summer ) and think , " What a cool car . "
And when we think of cool cars , it 's hard to keep the image of a muscle car or a sports car from popping up .
But when you think of environmentally friendly , those types of cars do n't even come to mind .
Perhaps the latest creation from a software engineer will changes the stereotypes .
In order to build the Raptor , Raul Atkinson ordered a Dayton car kit and then built the necessary equipment into it .
Gas 2.0 reports on the effort put into creating the Electric Raptor :
" The project took 2 years and an estimated 2000 hours to complete , but the results are pretty impressive .
Using a 3 - phase AC induction motor and 290 nickel - hydride batteries , Atkinson 's " Raptor " reaches 0 - 60 mph in 8 seconds , with a top speed of 100 mph .
Maximum range is about 80 miles , with a full recharge taking just 3 hours .
That is much less time spent recharging than most other production electric cars can boast . "
Of course , this is a kit car , and it does n't have the same rigorous crash test standards and other cars have .
But , even at $ 85,000 , the Electric Raptor still costs less than current incarnations of similar cars that are all - electric .
But what if it were mass - produced ?
If car companies could figure out how to build the kinds of all - electric cars that people would want to drive , for a price that they could afford , we'd be much further down the road to independence from fossil fuels .
Assuming we could switch our grid to rely more on renewables , of course .
No matter how cool the car is , if you have to charge it using coal or oil generated electricity , it 's still not as earth - friendly as it could be .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Improving Plug - In Electric Cars
Remember last year 's girls of Comic - Con gallery ?
Well MaximumPC went above and beyond the call of duty this year with over 600 cosplay pictures from the event .
I ran through them all and randomly grabbed about 20 of the sexiest , but there are a ton more to see , so hit the jump for my favorites , and the link for the rest .
One thing is for certain though : THIS GUY IS GOING TO COMIC - CON next year .
And he is going to have a booth .
A KISSING ONE .
Ladies -- do I hear a nickel ?
Jump .
But warning : there 's a thong in the mix .
Because I love you .
The Comic - Con 2009 Cosplay Gallery -- 600 Amazing Costumes [ maximumpc ]
TEGUCIGALPA ( Reuters ) - Honduran airport authorities refused a plane carrying ousted President Manuel Zelaya permission to land in the capital Sunday as he attempted to return home a week after a coup .
The control tower at Tegucigalpa airport told the pilot that the plane ran the risk of being intercepted if it tried to land , according to an audio stream of the airport ’s communications heard on an aviation website .
In this presentation we reveal more independently obtained smoking gun evidence further demonstrating how the true flight path of the Pentagon attack jet is irreconcilable with all official reports and data .
We demonstrate that the plane flew over Washington DC skies and came from the east side of the Potomac River , whereas the phony government - supplied data has it on the west side of the River at all times , never crossing over into DC .
We explain how the C - 130 and white E4B or " mystery plane " were used as cover for the decoy jet that was meant to fool people into believing it hit the building .
We expose the methodology behind the operation and demonstrate how they were able to successfully pull off this military deception in broad daylight .
This video is a supplement to the video National Security Alert .
Please watch that video before watching this one .
Reactions :
Radio conservative shock joc , Tammy Bruce launched a verbal attack against Michelle Obama , referring to her as " trash " and mocking her message to kids about the importance of good grades , while filling in for fellow radio host Laura Ingraham .
It is apparent that this is one bitter , twisted , conservative woman who appears to be a bit biased .
I do n't know , maybe it's me , but does she sound crazy ?
Lady , whoever you are , no real people care about your opinionated obnoxious attitude towards our President and his lovely wife .
She sounds more educated than you at this point .
Can you prove her wrong ?
Did n't think so .
Bell Canada has completed two deals worth a total of $ 277 million , acquiring Canadian electronics retailer The Source and buying the half of Virgin Mobile Canada that it did n't already own .
3 - month TSX chart for BCE Inc .
Bell paid $ 135 million for The Source and $ 142 million for the 50 per cent stake of Virgin Mobile .
Circuit City renamed RadioShack stores
The Source after acquiring them with the purchase of Barrie , Ont. - based InterTan Inc. for $ 371 million in 2004 .
Bell also announced Thursday that The Source will sell Bell and Virgin Mobile wireless products exclusively starting in January 2010 .
It already sells the high - definition television service Bell TV and will offer other services , such as Bell home phone and Bell internet , in the coming months .
" With its approximately 750 high - traffic locations from coast to coast and clear track record of success in consumer retail , acquiring The Source is a far faster and more cost - effective approach to increasing Bell 's national distribution footprint than building out new retail locations , " said George Cope , CEO of Bell and parent company BCE Inc .
The Source will operate independently from Bell and will maintain its well - known national brand and its own executive team , including CEO Ron Cuthbertson , the company said .
Bell also announced the appointment of Robert Blumenthal as president of Virgin Mobile Canada .
He replaces the departing Andrew Black , who led the company since its launch in 2004 .
" The Virgin Mobile Canada team has built a unique wireless brand with special appeal to young Canadians and a reputation for outstanding service right across the country , " Cope said in a release .
" We look forward to assisting Virgin Mobile Canada in maximizing the network , product , global roaming and distribution advantages that come with being part of the broader Bell organization , " he said .
While the company will access Bell 's existing and new wireless networks and share common distribution in high - traffic retail locations , it will continue to operate independently with its own distinctive brand , customer service operations and executive team , Bell said .
Shares of BCE closed down six cents to $ 23.94 on the Toronto stock exchange .
At a 1962 college , Dean Vernon Wormer is determined to expel the entire Delta Tau Chi Fraternity , but those troublemakers have other plans for him .
A psychiatrist with intense acrophobia ( fear of heights ) goes to work for a mental institution run by doctors who appear to be crazier than their patients , and have secrets that they are willing to commit murder to keep .
A star pilot and his sidekick must come to the rescue of a Princess and save the galaxy from a ruthless race of beings known as Spaceballs .
Mel Brooks brings his one - of - a- kind comic touch to the history of mankind covering events from the Old Testament to the French Revolution in a series of episodic comedy vignettes .
A young neurosurgeon ( Gene Wilder ) inherits the castle of his grandfather , the famous Dr. Victor von Frankenstein .
In the castle he finds a funny hunchback called Igor , a pretty lab assistant named Inga and the old housekeeper , frau Blucher - iiiiihhh !-.
Young Frankenstein believes that the work of his grandfather is only crap , but when he discovers the book where the mad doctor described his reanimation experiment , he suddenly changes his mind ...
Written by Flavio Rizzardi < spillo@maya.dei.unpid.it >
Did You Know ?
Trivia
When When Mel Brooks was preparing for this film , he discovered that Ken Strickfaden , who'd made the elaborate electrical machinery for the lab sequences in the Universal Frankenstein films , was still alive and living in the Los Angeles area .
Brooks visited Strickfaden , and found that he had stored all the equipment in his garage .
Brooks made a deal to rent the equipment , and gave Strickfaden the screen credit he did n't receive for the original films .
See more
Goofs
The candle that operates the bookcase door appears to go out momentarily , and then comes back on , before Frankenstein and the assistant go down the passageway , but it simply got caught in a draft and dimmed completely down before coming up again - normal behavior of candles .
The candle that operates the bookcase door appears to go out momentarily , and then comes back on , before Frankenstein and the assistant go down the passageway , but it simply got caught in a draft and dimmed completely down before coming up again - normal behavior of candles .
See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
: If we look at the base of a brain , which has just been removed from the skull , there 's very little of the mid-brain that we can actually see .
Yet , as I demonstrated in my lecture last week , if the under aspects of the temporal lobes are gently pulled apart , the upper portion of the stem of the brain can be seen .
The so - called " brain stem " consists of the mid-brain , a rounded protrusion called the pons , and a stalk tapering downwards called the medulla oblongata , which passes out of ...
[...]
See more » Dr. Frederick Frankenstein :
If we look at the base of a brain , which has just been removed from the skull , there 's very little of the mid-brain that we can actually see .
Yet , as I demonstrated in my lecture last week , if the under aspects of the temporal lobes are gently pulled apart , the upper portion of the stem of the brain can be seen .
The so - called " brain stem " consists of the mid-brain , a rounded protrusion called the pons , and a stalk tapering downwards called the medulla oblongata , which passes out of ...[...]
Crazy Credits
The zero in the 20th Century Fox logo at the beginning is slightly tilted .
The zero in the 20th Century Fox logo at the beginning is slightly tilted .
See more
The Toronto Comic Arts Festival starts in a few days !
We 're pretty excited about it .
Joey and I did a little questionnaire for the National Post 's TCAF coverage , and it came out yesterday !
You can read all the silliness here Just in case that was n't enough for you , last Monday we were followed around by a film crew whilst making ASW 429 .
There 's going to be a longer video up soon , but there 's a taste posted at Open Book Toronto .
Look !
Look at me
Attempting the political equivalent of relaunching the Hindenburg , soon - to - be former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin hosted ABC , Fox News , CNN , Time , the AP and other media outlets while fishing Tuesday .
But even as she proclaimed of her abrupt resignation , " politically speaking , if I die , I die , " Palin reminded Americans once again why she so deserves that fate .
By claiming the nonexistent " Department of Law " in Washington would protect her from the kind of ethics woes she encountered in Alaska , Palin demonstrated her continuing ignorance of American government and public policy alike .
Of course , it 's far from the first time .
Here , then , is a look back at Sarah Palin 's Greatest Hits :
" I think on a national level , your department of law there in the White House would look at some of the things that we 've been charged with and automatically throw them out . " ( July 7 , 2009 . )
" It 's all for Alaska . " ( Asked by Time why she resigned , July 7 , 2009 ) .
" In what respect , Charlie ? " ( Asked by ABC 's Charles Gibson if she agreed with the Bush Doctrine , September 11 , 2008 . )
" Let me speak specifically about a credential that I do bring to this table , Charlie , and that 's with the energy independence that I 've been working on for these years as the governor of this state that produces nearly 20 percent of the U.S. domestic supply of energy ... "
( Misunderstanding Alaska 's 3.5 % share of U.S. domestic energy production , September 11 , 2008 . )
" We believe that the best of America is in these small towns that we get to visit , and in these wonderful little pockets of what I call the real America . "
( October 16 , 2008 . )
" A task that is from God . "
( On the war in Iraq , June 8 , 2008 . )
" I think God 's will has to be done , in unifying people and companies to get that gas line built , so pray for that . "
( June 8 , 2008 . )
" To me , it motivates us , makes us work that much harder .
And it also strengthens my faith , because I 'm going to know , at the end of the day , putting this in God 's hands , that the right thing for America will be done at the end of the day on Nov. 4 . So I 'm not discouraged at all . "
( Asked if she was discouraged by polls showing the McCain - Palin ticket trailing , October 22 , 2008 . )
" As for that VP talk all the time , I 'll tell you , I still can't answer that question until somebody answers for me what is it exactly that the VP does every day ? " ( August 1 , 2008 . )
" That 's something that Piper would ask me !... [ T] hey 're in charge of the U.S. Senate so if they want to they can really get in there with the senators and make a lot of good policy changes that will make life better for Brandon and his family and his classroom . "
( asked by third grader Brandon Garcia what the Vice President does , October 20 , 2008 . )
" Um , all of them , any of them that have been in front of me over all these years . "
( Asked by CBS ' Katie Couric what newspapers and magazines she reads , September 30 , 2008 . )
" They 're our next door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska , from an island in Alaska . "
( Asked by ABC 's Charles Gibson " what insight into Russian actions " the proximity of Alaska provides her , September 11 , 2008 . )
" Well , it certainly does , because our , our next - door neighbors are foreign countries , there in the state that I am the executive of ...
We have trade missions back and forth , we do .
It 's very important when you consider even national security issues with Russia .
As Putin rears his head and comes into the air space of the United States of America , where do they go ?
It 's Alaska .
It 's just right over the border .
It is from Alaska that we send those out to make sure that an eye is being kept on this very powerful nation , Russia , because they are right there , they are right next to our state . "
( Asked by CBS ' Katie Couric to explain her foreign policy credentials , especially regarding Russia , September 25 , 2008 . )
" John McCain and I , we love you and thank you for spending a few minutes to talk to me . "
( Talking with Canadian radio prankster posing as French Presideny Nicolas Sarkozy , November 1 , 2008 . )
" I 'll try to find you some and I 'll bring them to you . "
( Asked by CBS ' Katie Couric to cite " specific examples in his 26 years of [ John McCain ] pushing for more regulation , " September 24 , 2008 . )
" Well , let 's see .
There 's , of course in the great history of America there have been rulings , that 's never going to be absolute consensus by every American .
And there are those issues , again , like Roe v.
Wade , where I believe are best held on a state level and addressed there .
So you know , going through the history of America , there would be others ... " ( Asked byCBS ' Katie Couric what Supreme Court decisions besides Roe v. Wade she disagrees with , October 1 , 2008 . )
" Fair or unfair , I think she does herself a disservice to even mention it ... When I hear a statement like that coming from a woman candidate with any kind of perceived whine about that excess criticism or , you know , maybe a sharper microscope put on her , I think , man , that does n't do us any good .
Women in politics , women in general wanting to progress this country .
I do n't think it 's , it bodes well for her -- a statement like that ... It bothers me a little bit hearing her bring that attention to herself on that level . "
( On Hillary Clinton 's complaints about her treatment by the media , March 2008 . )
" How sad that Washington and the media will never understand ; it 's about country .
And though it 's honorable for countless others to leave their positions for a higher calling and without finishing a term , of course we know by now , for some reason a different standard applies for the decisions I make . "
( July 4 , 2009 . )
" I want to make sure that Americans do understand that there is a little bit of disappointment in my heart about the world of journalism today ...
And I do n't want any individual journalist to take it personally but -- I have such great respect for the role of the media in our democracy , it is a cornerstone , it allows the checks and balances .
But only when there is fairness and objectivity in the reporting . "
( November 5 , 2008 . )
" For the most part , absolutely , media persons , reporters , have been absolutely right on and there has been fairness and objectivity .
There have been some stinkers , though , who have kind of made the whole basket full of apples , once in a while , smell kind of bad . "
( November 7 . 2008 . )
" If [ the media ] convince enough voters that that is negative campaigning , for me to call Barack Obama out on his associations , then I do n't know what the future of our country would be in terms of First Amendment rights and our ability to ask questions without fear of attacks by the mainstream media . "
( Misunderstanding the First Amendment , October 31 , 2008 . )
" I respect Carrie [ Prejean ] for standing strong and staying true to herself , and for not letting those who disagree with her deny her protection under the nation 's First Amendment Rights . "
( Misunderstanding the First Amendment again , May 13 , 2009 . )
" Letterman certainly has the right to ' joke ' about whatever he wants to , and thankfully we have the right to express our reaction .
This is all thanks to our U.S. Military women and men putting their lives on the line for us to secure America 's Right to Free Speech - in this case , may that right be used to promote equality and respect . "
( Still misunderstanding the First Amendment , June 16 , 2009 . )
" This is to provide notice to Ms. Moore , and those who re-publish the defamation , such as Huffington Post , MSNBC , the New York Times and The Washington Post , that the Palins will not allow them to propagate defamatory material without answering to this in a court of law . "
( Not understanding the First Amendment via lawyer Thomas Van Flein , July 4 , 2009 . )
" This is not a man who sees America as you see it and how I see America ...
Our opponent though , is someone who sees America it seems as being so imperfect that he 's palling around with terrorists who would target their own country . "
( On Barack Obama , October 4 , 2008 . )
" There 's no question that Bill Ayers via his own admittance was one who sought to destroy our U.S. Capitol and our Pentagon .
That is a domestic terrorist .
There 's no question there .
Now , others who would want to engage in harming innocent Americans or facilities that uh , it would be unacceptable .
I do n't know if you 're going to use the word terrorist there . "
( Asked by NBC 's Brian Williams , " Is an abortion clinic bomber a terrorist ? " October 23 , 2008 . )
" I guess a small - town mayor is sort of like a community organizer , except that you have actual responsibilities . "
( September 3 , 2008 . )
" God bless Barack Obama and his beautiful family . "
( November 5 , 2008 . )
" I say God bless George W. Bush . " ( November 13 , 2008 . )
( For video clips of some of Sarah Palin 's greatest hits , visit TPM's Sarah Palin Top 10 and the Daily Beast collection of " Sarah Palin's 10 Most Awkward Media Moments . " )
About SunCOAST GENERAL CONTRACTING AND REMEDIATION
Tampa Bay Builder 's Association
༯ p > ༯ p > Suncoast General Contracting & Remediation , Inc. is a State Certified , Class " A " , General Contracting company , holding the highest available license in the State of Florida .
Suncoast is a leader in Tampa Bay construction , servicing St Petersburg , Clearwater , Largo , Pinellas Park , Tierra Verde , Gulf Beaches , St. Pete Beach , Madeira Beach and Tampa for almost two decades , however , however , we cover the entire Tampa Bay area , including Pinellas , Hillsborough , Pasco , Manatee and Sarasota Counties and have had successful projects across the State of Florida .
Suncoast is a diverse company , capable of handling a wide variety of construction styles and is well versed in all types of construction , whether it is Commercial Construction or Residential Construction ; New Construction or Remodeling ; Complete Site Development ; Tenant Build - Out ; Restoration or Mold Remediation .
We can also provide Comprehensive Design Services , taking your project from inception to completion .
At Suncoast , we adjust each project to the needs of our Client , blending knowledge and experience with due diligence , design services , a timely completion and a quality finished product .
New Commercial Construction ༯h4 > a fast and efficient schedule , while maintaining high standards of quality .
Residential Construction tends യ be more focused on the finished product , with a timely completion an important factor as well .
New Construction can often have the majority of it's obstacles at the design and permitting stages and after over 19 years of doing business in the local Construction Industry , we have the knowledge to understand the intricacies of each municipality and the experience to identify those obstacles .
Remodeling , whether it is Commercial Remodeling or Residential Remodeling , requires an additional sense that comes with experience , the ability to foresee the unexpected , as well as the ability to mask structural features to make any remodel less obvious .
Restoration should not be confused with remodeling and is unique in its own right , requiring the ability to have the evidence of construction unnoticed and to put a building back into it 's original condition .
Design Services are often included in our projects , which enhances the relationship between design and construction and offers a smoother and more efficient project .
Development Services are available , where we will take a project from Due Diligence , to Rezoning if necessary , through Construction and all the way to Final Approvals and Certificate of Occupancy .
Let Suncoast General Contracting & Remediation , Inc. be your : Commercial Construction Contractor
Residential Construction Contractor
New Construction Contractor
Remodeling Contractor
Tenant Build - Out and Commercial Remodeling Contractor
Mold Remediation Contractor
Mold Testing
Water Extraction
Fire , Smoke and Odor Remediation
Complete Restorations Use our Links page to access your local Building Departments , Governments and Utilities Companies .
SERVICES Design / Build Services
Commercial , Residential , New Construction , Restoration , Design Services Mold Remediation
Mold Testing , Mold Remediation , Restoration , Fire , Smoke and Odor Remediation Kitchens & Baths
Remodeling Contractor , 203k Rehab Loans , Kitchen Remodel , Bath Remodel Tenant / Build Out
Design and Construction
Imagine riding your ordinary bike at night but with spectacular lightning effects on your wheels that will draw everybody attention .
MonkeyLectric Monkey Lights has made this possible .
The bike lights feature 32 full color LEDs and cutting edge visual effects .
The rugged , all weather design is perfect for anyone that needs to be visible biking at night .
Your bike wheels can now have stabilized solid images and motion video in full color , as well as wireless control .
Approximately 1 in 6 public health workers said they would not report to work during a pandemic flu emergency regardless of its severity , according to a survey led by researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health .
The findings are a significant improvement over a 2005 study conducted by the same research team , in which more than 40 percent of public health employees said they were unlikely to report to work during a pandemic emergency .
The new study suggests ways for improving the response of the public health workforce and are published in the July 24 edition of the journal PLoS ONE .
" Employee response is a critical component of preparedness planning , yet it is often overlooked .
Our study is an attempt to understand the underlying factors that determine an employee 's willingness to respond in an emergency , " said Daniel Barnett , MD , MPH , lead author of the study and assistant professor in the Department of Environmental Health Sciences at the Bloomberg School of Public Health .
" Overall , 16 percent of the workers surveyed said they would not report regardless of the severity of the outbreak . "
Associations of categories of the Extended Parallel Process Model ( EPPM ) with attitudes and beliefs regarding a pandemic influenza emergency ( unadjusted for demographic characteristics ) .
PLoS ONE 4 ( 7 ) : e6365 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0006365
The online survey was conducted among 1,835 public health workers in Minnesota , Ohio and West Virginia from November 2006 to December 2007 .
The survey analysis was based on the Extended Parallel Process Model ( EPPM ) , which postulates that willingness to follow instructions in an emergency is based on an individual 's perception of a threat 's validity and belief that the actions taken can be feasibly accomplished and will have a positive impact on the threat .
According to the survey , public health workers who were both " concerned " about the threat posed by a pandemic , and who were " confident " that they could fulfill their response roles and that their roles would have a meaningful impact on the situation , were 31 times more likely to respond to work in an emergency than those who perceived the threat low and had low levels of confidence .
Workers whose perception of the threat was " low " but who strongly believed in the efficacy of their job were 18 times more likely to say they would respond compared to those in the " low threat / low efficacy " group .
" We found belief in the importance of one 's work was strongly associated with a willingness to report to work in an emergency .
Our results could help preparedness planners to identify workforce needs and develop strategies for improving worker response , " co-author said Ran Balicer , MD , PhD , MPH , senior lecturer in the Epidemiology Department at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel , and Joint Editor of the Israeli Ministry of Health Pandemic Preparedness Plan .
" This study is important in that it both documents the problem and points the way towards specific interventions — those that increase both concern and confidence — to increase willingness to respond , " said Jonathan Links , PhD , professor in the Bloomberg School 's Department of Environmental Health Sciences and director of the Public Health Preparedness Programs .
Citation : Barnett DJ , Balicer RD , Thompson CB , Storey JD , Omer SB , et al. ( 2009 ) Assessment of Local Public Health Workers ' Willingness to Respond to Pandemic Influenza through Application of the Extended Parallel Process Model .
PLoS ONE 4 ( 7 ) : e6365 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0006365
Source : Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health
Darpa , the Pentagon ’s advanced - research unit–AKA , the place where they develop Men In Black technology –is working on a flapping robo- sentinel .
Aerovironment , the company that ’s been developing the gadget , just revealed video of the progress they ’ve made , working off of a $ 2.1 million Darpa grant :
This is the first - ever hovering air vehicle to use flapping wings while carrying its own power source .
The hope is that the hummingbird will be useful for indoor and outdoor surveillance , as well as dropping off listening devices and other super - spy cargo .
Why go through the trouble ?
Why not just build a tiny helicopter ?
Supposedly , craft like these can fly with far greater airborne efficiency –no wonder birds have wings rather than rotary blades –which would eventually lead to more flight with every refuel .
The next prototype is expected to be even smaller , weighing just 10 grams ; faster , with a top speed of 22 mph ; quieter , and more wind resistant .
[ Via Popular Science , which has more information ]
I have read about implementing the bowling game XP - style many years ago in Robert Martin ’s book ‘ Agile Software Development ’ .
The episode can be found online as well .
Recently he has recently been learning Clojure and attempted to implement the bowling game in Clojure .
It is a nice exercise , and although I like Clojure , I do not regard myself capable in any way to repeat such an attempt .
Apart from that Stuart Halloway , author of the excellent ‘ Programming in Clojure ’ book , has already done this in a much better way than I ever could .
I ’m slightly more familiar with Scala , so I thought it would be a nice exercise to try some functional bowling using that .
My Scala knowledge is in a deplorable state , stuck at pre-beginner level , so I run the risk of making a complete fool of myself .
However I ’ll take the chance and at least try to learn from the experience .
First , let ’s re-iterate the rules of bowling :
The game consists of 10 frames .
In each frame the player has two opportunities to knock down 10 pins .
The score for the frame is the total number of pins knocked down , plus bonuses for strikes and spares .
A spare is when the player knocks down all 10 pins in two tries .
The bonus for that frame is the number of pins knocked down by the next roll .
A strike is when the player knocks down all 10 pins on his first try .
The bonus for that frame is the value of the next two balls rolled .
In the tenth frame a player who rolls a spare or strike is allowed to roll the extra balls to complete the frame .
However no more than three balls can be rolled in tenth frame .
So in some way we need to keep track of frame scores for a game .
For simplicity , I ’m just using a sequence of integers that represents a game .
Each integer just represents the number of pins knocked down by each throw .
This sequence should be divided , or transformed if you like , into a sequence of frames .
I started with something like this :
[ scala ]
case class Frame ( first : Int , second : Int , third : Int ) {
override def toString ( ) = {" firstThrow : " + first + " secondThrow " + second + " thirdThrow : " + third}
}
def frames ( g: List [ Int ] ) : List [ Frame ] = {
g match {
case Nil => Nil
case x:: Nil => List ( new Frame( x , 0 , 0 ) )
case x::xs:: Nil => List ( new Frame( x , xs , 0 ) )
case 10 :: x::xs => new Frame ( 10 , x , xs.head ) :: frames ( xs.tail )
case x:: xs :: xss if ( ( x + xs ) == 10 ) => new Frame( x , xs , xss.head ) :: frames ( xss.tail )
case x::xs => new Frame( x , xs.head , 0 ) :: frames ( xs.tail )
}
}
[ / scala ]
But this might be an excellent candidate for the thedailywtf .
This surely cannot be the way how to write proper Scala , and apart from that , it ’s not very generic and extensible .
So , after thinking about the matter a bit , a second attempt .
First of all , why a class when we have functions ?
A sequence of frames can just be expressed as a list of lists , like so :
[ scala ]
def frames ( g: List [ Int ] ) : List [ List [ Int ] ] = {
if ( g.isEmpty ) Nil
else {
val throws = throws_for_frame( g )
g.take ( throws ) : : frames ( g.drop ( throws ) )
}
}
def frames ( g: List [ Int ] ) : List [ List [ Int ] ] = {
if ( g.isEmpty ) Nil
else
g.take(throws_for_frame_score(g ) ) : : frames ( g.drop(throws_in_frame( g ) ) )
}
def throws_for_frame_score(rolls : List [ Int ] ) : Int = {
if ( strike ( rolls ) || spare ( rolls ) ) 3
else 2
}
def throws_in_frame ( rolls : List [ Int ] ) : Int = {
if ( strike ( rolls ) ) 1
else 2
}
def strike ( rolls : List [ Int ] ) : Boolean = {
rolls.headOption.getOrElse(false ) == 10
}
def spare ( rolls : List [ Int ] ) : Boolean = {
rolls.take(2).foldLeft(0 ) ( _+_ ) ==10
}
[ / scala ]
Not too bad , if you look at it from a distance some little helper functions like strike and spare even seem to be related to some of the bowling rules defined above .
A frame is now just a list consisting of either 2 or 3 elements , depending on whether a strike or spare has been scored .
Each element is an integer containing the pins that are knocked down .
Scoring a game now becomes a rather trivial affair , we just take the 10 frames that are bowled and add up the pins scored in each frame .
[ scala ]
def score_game ( g : List [ Int ] ) : Int = {
framescores( g).foldLeft(0 ) ( _+_ )
}
def framescores ( game : List [ Int ] ) : List [ Int ] = {
frames_for ( game ) .take ( 10 ) .map(l => l.foldLeft(0 ) ( _+_ ) )
}
def frames Thrown ( g: List [ Int ] ) = {
frames ( g ) .
length
}
[ / scala ]
In the REPL , you can easily test these functions :
scala > framesThrown ( List ( 4,5 ) ) res1 : Int = 1 scala > frames Thrown ( List ( 4,5,10,3,4,6,7,2 ) ) res2 : Int = 4 scala > framescores ( List ( 4,5 ) ) res3 : List [ Int ] = List ( 9 ) scala > framescores ( List ( 4,5,6,3 ) ) res4 : List [ Int ] = List ( 9 , 9 ) scala > framescores ( List ( 5,5,6,3 ) ) res5 : List [ Int ] = List ( 16 , 9 ) scala > framescores ( List( 5,5,6,3,10,10,3 ) ) res6 : List [ Int ] = List ( 16 , 9 , 23 , 13 , 3 ) scala > framescores ( List ( 10,10,10,10 ) ) res4 : List [ Int ] = List ( 30 , 30 , 20 , 10 )
And to satisfy Uncle Bob , some unit tests :
[ scala ]
class BowlingTest {
def repeat [ T ] ( n : Int ) ( what : => T ) : List [ T ] = {
if ( n==0 ) List.empty
else what : : repeat ( n - 1 ) ( what )
}
@Test
def scoreForTwoThrows = {
assertEquals ( 9 , score ( List ( 4,5 ) ) )
}
@Test
def strikeShouldGiveTwoExtraThrowsForScore = {
assertEquals ( List ( 30,30,20,10 ) , framescores ( repeat ( 4 ) ( 10 ) ) )
assertEquals ( 24 , score ( List ( 5 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 3,4 ) ) )
assertEquals ( 32 , score ( List ( 10 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 3 ) ) )
}
@Test
def spareShouldGiveOneExtraThrowsForScore = {
assertEquals ( 24 , score ( List ( 5 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 3 , 4 ) ) )
assertEquals ( 30 , score ( List ( 5 , 5 , 4 , 5 , 3 , 4 ) ) )
}
@Test
def spareAtEndShouldGiveOneExtraThrowsForScore = {
assertEquals ( 60 , score ( List ( 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 6 , 5 ) ) )
assertEquals ( 54 , score ( List ( 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 5 , 5 ) ) )
}
@Test
def strikeAtEndShouldGiveTwoExtraThrowsForScore = {
assertEquals ( 65 , score ( List ( 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 10 , 5 , 5 ) ) )
assertEquals ( 54 , score ( List ( 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 , 5 , 5 ) ) )
}
@Test
def tears = {
assertEquals ( 299 , score ( List ( 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 9 ) ) )
}
@Test
def perfectGameShouldScore300 = {
assertEquals ( 300 , score ( repeat ( 12 ) ( 10 ) ) )
}
@Test
def allOnesShouldScore20 = {
assertEquals ( 20 , score ( repeat ( 20 ) ( 1 ) ) )
}
}
[ / scala ]
It ’s still a bit simplistic ( for example , frames Thrown does n’t really check whether a frame is finished , i.e. whether two or three throws have been made , there ’s no validation that the number of pins knocked down cannot be larger than 10 , games can have an infinite length , etc , etc ) .
However I ’ll leave it at this for the moment , and will try to perfect it later .
It has already been a nice exercise so far in any case .
As stated , my Scala knowledge is such that this implementation can most likely be heavily improved upon .
If you have suggestions for improvements ( or have an implementation of your own ) your comments are highly appreciated .
Update
As Ilian Berci has pointed out , my satisfaction at my original attempt was completely misguided .
Somehow I managed to misinterpret the bowling rules completely .
I managed to get into my mind that a strike would give two extra throws , in each frame .
However , if you have once taken up a game of bowling yourself you know that this is complete nonsense .
It is only so that the next two throws ( which are then part of another frame ) contribute to the frame in which the strike is scored .
It is only at the tenth frame that the bowler gets an extra frame ( consisting of maximum two throws ) if he scores a strike at his final games .
So , my original framescores function and helper function looked like below :
[ scala ]
def frames ( g: List [ Int ] ) : List [ List [ Int ] ] = {
if ( g.isEmpty ) Nil
else {
val throws = throws_for_frame( g )
g.take ( throws ) : : frames ( g.drop ( throws ) )
}
}
def throws_for_frame( rolls : List [ Int ] ) : Int = {
if ( strike ( rolls ) || spare ( rolls ) ) 3
else 2
}
[ / scala ]
which is utterly wrong , since it places all the throws that contribute to a frame score in the same frame ( and removes them from the remaining games list ) .
This makes that a game in my original version could take up to 30 throws , instead of the 21 maximum throws possible .
So , in my original version , the framescores functions behaved like this :
scala > framescores ( List ( 5,5,6,3 ) ) res14 : List [ Int ] = List ( 16 , 3 ) scala > framescores ( List ( 10,10,10,10,10 ) ) res15 : List [ Int ] = List ( 30,20 )
Fixing it did n’t take much time however , which was a relief because I thought I had completely messed up .
I ’ve updated the post with a version which is ( hopefully ) now correct ( so you can see the fix in the frame function and helper functions throws_for_frame_score and throws_in_frame ) , and also updated the tests into some more sensible ones .
The wtf version is still left to its original , fixing that would probably even make it more horrible than its original .
Thanks to Ilian for pointing this out , clearly can’t beat Uncle Bob .
Internet users have grown immune to security certificate warnings and are more than happy to click past them , according to a new report out of Carnegie Mellon University .
Researchers found that users wo n't hesitate to engage in this risky browsing behavior , especially since most warnings are for benign things like expired certificates .
This behavior leaves them vulnerable to man - in - the - middle attacks , and the report calls for a reform in how warnings are handled in both safe and dangerous situations .
The researchers studied the behaviors of 409 Internet users in order to monitor their reactions to and understanding of various SSL warnings , and found that " far too many participants exhibited dangerous behavior in all warning conditions . "
This was despite the fact that many users understood the meaning of the warnings — for example , 50 percent of Firefox 2 users understood what an expired certificate meant , and 71 percent of those users said they actively ignored such a warning ( 47 percent and 64 percent for Firefox 3 users , respectively ) .
According to the paper , those who did not understand the expired certificate warnings were more likely to pay attention to them .
This can be a problem — the researchers cited a January 2009 study that found at least 44 percent of the top 382,860 SSL - enabled websites had certificates that would trigger warnings .
This behavior was slightly reversed , though , when users were presented with a domain mismatch warning ( when the domain being displayed to you does n't match the webpage you 're looking at ) .
In this case , those who understood the warning were aware of the risks and were less likely to ignore , whereas those who did n't understand ignored at roughly the same rate as other warnings .
The researchers did a follow - up study of their own with more direct language in the security warnings .
They found that users performed better ( more securely ) , but that the numbers were still less than ideal because warnings in general are so prevalent .
" Regardless of how compelling or difficult to ignore , users think SSL warnings are of little consequence because they see them at legitimate websites , " reads the report .
Instead , the researchers recommended that warnings either be ditched altogether in benign scenarios , or take a more aggressive approach to dangerous websites .
" [ U] sers ' attitudes and beliefs about SSL warnings are likely to undermine their effectiveness .
Therefore , the best avenue we have for keeping users safe may be to avoid SSL warnings altogether and really make decisions for users — blocking them from unsafe situations and remaining silent in safe situations . "
Further reading :
Working toward better charging techniques for car batteries .
Image credit : Eduloqui
One of the issues that comes with plug - in autos , whether they are hybrid or straight - up electric , is the ability to charge the battery .
It can be difficult to charge batteries on the go , and it can take hours recharge a car battery to useful capacity .
However , with increased emphasis placed on the development of cars that rely less on gasoline , it is little surprise that researchers and inventors are working on the problem of charging .
Two of the more interesting efforts include roads that can recharge batteries and batteries designed to charge up faster .
In Daejeon , South Korea , the idea of a " recharging road " is being tested at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology .
If the tests show that the idea is feasible ( right now it 's being tested on golf carts ) , charging strips would be placed in strategic places around town , embedded into the road surface .
Electromagnetic induction would be used to charge the batteries of cars that contain a special magnetic , sensor - driven device .
Powering the strips themselves would simply require a hook up to a standard electric grid .
But if renewable power is the goal , it would also be possible to use solar power to provide the electricity needed for the charging strips .
To solve the problem of lengthy battery charging , MIT is working on improved batteries that could be charged in a matter of minutes -- rather than over the course of hours .
The key is in speeding up the way that lithium ions are exchanged in the batteries used in cars that use electricity for some of their power .
MIT researchers claim that they can use a coating of lithium phosphate , similar to glass , to speed things up a hundredfold .
Within three years , with the new production process , the researchers claim that the batteries could be ready for the market , allowing commuters the ability to charge up their cars in the amount of time it takes to use the bathroom at a rest stop .
Unfortunately , a standard household plug is not an option for these types of batteries .
Additionally , the charging stations in use right now would be inadequate -- they would have to be upgraded .
As technology advances , it will be interesting to see what researchers come up with next in terms of powering our cars .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Nanoball Batteries Could Charge Electric Cars in 5 Minutes
Last week , Obama was responsible for Sanford flying out of the country to dance Tango in Argentina with his mistress .
Today , Obama is to blame for the death of a music Icon .
Of course according to Limbaugh , Michael Jackson 's success " started in the 80's " when Reagan was rulling the US .
So Michael did n't earn his success because of his hard work , or his talent but because of Reagan .
How sweet " !
*** Sarcasm ***.
I did n't even know that Rush Limbaugh was a Michael Jackson 's fan .
I can see him dancing " Thriller " .
For those who do n't have the stomach or heart to hear Limbaugh here the summary of his crap :
Michael Jackson " flourished under Reagan , " " languished under Clinton and Bush , " " died under Obama "
I guess Michael , like Sanford , had his " spirit " ( I'm quoting Limbaugh ) destroyed by the Evil Obama .
If I 'm not wrong , Michael Jackson might be only the second black man , other than Justice Thomas , that Rush Limbaugh had / has sympathy for .
Or maybe Rush thinks Michael was white :(
UPDATE
He almost lost his mind talking about Al Franken .
He called Al a " genuine lunatic " !
AH AH AH AH !!!
Traffic Jam Solution : The Jerk Who Cut You Off
Commuting Studies Show Rule - Breakers Actually Break Up Congestion
The next time someone cuts you off on your morning commute , do n't be so quick to call the driver a jerk ; you may have a reason to say thanks .
According to the latest physics research , rule - breakers -- drivers passing you on the wrong side or changing lanes too close to the intersection -- actually help smooth the flow of traffic for the rest of us .
" The interesting finding is that if most of the people are law - abiding , and you have a certain amount of people who are breaking the rule , then you are actually getting the minimum chance of a [ traffic ] jam , " said Petter Minnhagen , a physicist at Sweden 's Umea University and an author of the paper published in the journal Physical Review E .
Physicists at the school uncovered this phenomenon while constructing a computer model of how a crowd of people move across a confined space , such as a pedestrian - only street .
They divided the space into squares , like a chessboard , and randomly placed pedestrians in some of the squares .
Like real people , the model pedestrians had a certain small probability of momentarily pausing , as if they had run into a friend or had bent down to tie a shoelace .
Spreading Out the Crowd
To make things more interesting , the researchers then tossed a few mavericks into the mix , who did n't follow the rules the other pedestrians used .
The physicists ran the simulation over and over , each time boosting the percentage of rule - breakers .
At first pedestrian deadlocks worsened .
But as more and more rule - breakers joined the fray , something entirely unexpected occurred : traffic flowed best when only about 60 percent of pedestrians were obeying the rules .
Simple interactions of individual cars , people , or molecules add up to large patterns in a system .
The high concentration of pedestrians in a small area increases the chances of a jam , but rule - breakers made the crowds spread out .
Morris Flynn , a University of Alberta professor who uses computational methods to study car traffic , agrees with the explanation .
Because rule - breakers " carve out their own path , " Flynn said , they dilute large concentrations of rule - abiders moving in the same way .
He pointed out an example familiar to anyone who has driven on a two - lane road : breaking the speed limit to pass a slow vehicle prevents a long chain of cars from forming .
Congestion Solution : Bad Drivers
However , there is one rule you should n't break , according to a new analysis of how high - volume traffic flows along a highway .
Cecile Appert - Rolland , a physicist at the University of Paris - Sud , looked at the tailing distances between cars traveling on a busy two - lane expressway in the suburbs of Paris .
Most people have heard of the " three - second rule " for following distances ; after the car ahead of you passes a point on the road , count to three .
If you pass the same object before you get to three , you 're following too closely .
This time - based measure of the distance between cars is what Appert - Rolland terms the " time headway . "
Her research showed that tailgating drivers were more likely than a non-tailgater to have a car in the lane next to them , so they were n't just speeding up in order to change lanes .
She also found that these short time headways tended to extend across several vehicles , creating a platoon .
" We can identify at least seven or eight cars where they have time headways of half a second , " she said .
Considering that a driver 's reaction time is about one second , these platoons are disastrous pileups waiting to happen .
" If the first one brakes , the second one has to brake harder , the third one even harder , and the last would n't be able to brake hard enough . "
So while unexpected behavior may help with congestion , always follow the three - second rule -- because if you 're tailgating , chances are you wo n't be the only one .
At the recent Open Video Conference , I was asked to chair a working group on HTML5 and the < video > tag .
Since the conference had attracted a large number of open media software developers as well as HTML5 < video > tag developers , it was a great group of people that were on the panel with me : Philip Jagenstedt from Opera , Jan Gerber from Xiph , Viktor Gal from Annodex , Michael Dale from Metavid , and Eric Carlson from Apple .
This meant we had three browser vendors and their < video > tag developers present as well as two javascript library developers representing some of the largest content sites that are already using Ogg Theora / Vorbis with the < video > tag , plus myself looking into accessiblity for < video > .
The biggest topic around the < video > tag is of course the question of baseline codec : which codec can and should become the required codec for anyone implementing < video > tag support .
Fortunately , this discussion was held during the panel just ahead of ours .
Thus , our panel was able to focus on the achievements of the HTML5 video tag and implementations of it , as well as the challenges still ahead .
Unfortunately , the panel was cut short at the conference to only 30 min , so we ended up doing mostly demos of HTML5 video working in different browsers and doing cool things such as working with SVG .
The challenges that we identified and that are still ahead to solve are :
annotation support : closed captions , subtitles , time - aligned metadata , and their DOM exposure
track selection : how to select between alternate audio tracks , alternate annotation tracks , based on e.g. language , or accessibility requirements ; what would the content negotiation protocol look like
how to support live streaming
how to support in - browser a / v capture
how to support live video communication ( skype- style )
how to support video playlists
how to support basic video editing functionality
what would a decent media server for html5 video look like ; what capabilities would it have
Here are the slides we made for the working group .
Download PDF : Open Video Conference : HML5 and video Panel
Video : Video of the session at archive.org
Looking for a new place where you could enjoy your vacation ?
Puerto Penasco Mexico is the ideal place where you could spend your vacation and enjoy a meaningful moment that you ’ll surely love to remember .
Puerto Penasco is indeed a dream vacation destination that every guest will surely bring the best memories that you could think of .
A vacation in Puerto Penasco Mexico is the right thing that you should do should you want to go away from the usual hustle and bustle of life or simply meditate and enjoy the simple yet profound beauty that life has to offer .
Puerto Penaso Mexico bridges land and sea , and the best that both has to offer .
Puerto Penasco is considered one of the gems , not just of the state of Sonora , but also of the entire Mexico .
It becomes a tourist mecca , especially of the teenagers and college students from Arizona , California , and Texas during their Spring break since it is one of the closest beaches to the said US states .
Puerto Penasco breathes charm , rustic living , and hospitality amidst the modern technology .
Their blending is indeed beneficial as it makes vacations in Puerto Penasco more comfortable without erasing the age - old charm and culture that continues to endear it with the hearts of many .
Visiting Puerto Penasco will give you an opportunity to enjoy a piece of heaven that you are looking for .
If you feel tired and weary of the same old life that you use to live , then , a change in the environment that Puerto Penasco brings might suit you fine and eventually usher in new memories that you ’d surely love to reminisce for the time to come .
Whether you are staying whole day and drenching under the Sonoran sun or lazily tucking yourself inside one of your Rocky Point rentals , you ’ll find both as nice ways of spending your vacation .
Most of the Puerto Penasco rentals are have ocean front views to bring in the scenic beauty from outside .
Besides , they are just steps away from the white sands and crystal clear water of the Sea of Cortez , so at any time you want , you could surely enjoy the gift of nature that Rocky Point Puerto Penasco is all about .
When studies look at the amount of greenhouse gases emitted by transportation , the focus is nearly always on the emissions created in fuel combustion – gasoline and diesel for cars and trucks , bunker fuels for maritime vessels , jet fuel for aircraft , and so on .
One excellent example of this kind of study is the Getting There Greener study by the Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) .
The UCS study shows that travel by bus emits the least carbon at all distances traveled and for one , two , or four travelers .
Similarly , the study found that flying first class was almost always the worst option , with driving a typical SUV any appreciable distance coming in a close second .
But what most studies lack is a detailed analysis of the overall cradle - to - grave lifecycle of the transportation modes being compared .
A new study by two University of California - Berkeley researchers has attempted to analyze the bulk of the lifecycle of multiple types of passenger vehicles , including fuel production , manufacturing and maintenance of the vehicles themselves , infrastructure construction and repair costs , all in addition to the basic fuel consumption .
And the study also looks at three commonly regulated pollutants in addition to energy consumption and greenhouse gas ( mostly carbon dioxide ) emissions .
And the results are quite a bit different from purely fuel consumption - based analyses .
Transportation in the United States accounts for about 33 % of all carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions , about 75 % of carbon monoxide , about 5 % of sulfur dioxide ( SO 2 ) , and around 57 % of nitrogen oxides ( NO x ) .
In addition , transportation accounts for about 28 % of all energy consumed in the United States .
Therefore , understanding how best to improve the fuel efficiency and lower the emissions created by the transportation sectors is a natural approach to improving overall air quality and slowing climate disruption .
But fuel consumption is only one part of the equation , and not necessarily the most important part .
Not all pollutants are emitted in large amounts by vehicles .
SO 2 , the compound responsible for acid rain , is largely produced by coal fired power plants .
But what happens if , in the future , most vehicles are plug - in hybrid and electric vehicles ?
Fuel consumption will go down , but SO 2 emissions will likely rise dramatically if coal plants remain the dominant source of electricity , and those increased emissions could reasonably be applied to the transportation sector .
In an attempt to estimate the real greenhouse gas ( GHG ) and pollutant emissions , the Berkeley study chose three “ typical ” automobiles , four “ typical ” rail lines , urban buses , and three “ typical ” aircraft .
For each of those typical vehicles , the researchers collected data on the mining and processing of raw materials , fabrication of components , the shipping of components to the assembly factory , electricity used in the assembly process , how much energy was consumed in maintaining the vehicles , how much fuel was burned in shipping replacement parts from factories to the maintenance facilities , the pollution created in making infrastructure like roads , train tracks , or airports , the lifespan of the infrastructure , transportation to and from central depots like airports , the GHGs emitted in building parking lots , how often roads needed to be repaired , the amount of time spent idling vs traveling , and so on .
And , of course , the direct consumption of fuel in order to move the vehicle from one place to another .
Only the decomissioning of the vehicle itself was left out of the analysis due to complexities created by the many varied ways that vehicles can be scrapped – turned to scrap metal , picked over for individual parts , left to rust in the Mojave desert , etc .
In all cases , though , the emissions of GHGs and pollutants due to the vehicle ’s lifecycle significantly boosted the overall emissions , in one case by a factor of 8 ( 800 % ) .
And as a result , the usual “ airplanes terrible , cars bad , trains OK , buses best ” analysis result was turned around some .
First off , when it comes to overall energy consumption , the lowest energy consuming transportation method is urban diesel bus with peak ridership while the highest consumption is the very same bus with off - peak ridership .
And as you might expect , the sedan , SUV , and pickup are all worse than all the aircraft and mass transit option .
But there ’s already an interesting data point – on a pure energy consumption basis , all three commercial aircraft ( small , midsize , and large ) consume more energy than all the train options .
But when the energy consumed during the rest of the lifecycle is included , large aircraft are actually more efficient on a passenger - kilometer traveled ( PKT ) basis than one of the two light rail systems profiled .
Looking at greenhouse gases reveals another change due to lifecycle GHG emissions .
The highly electrified light rail systems in the Northeast not only emit more greenhouse gases than diesel - powered commuter rail and west coast light rail , it also emits more GHGs than midsize and large aircraft even though the Northeast light rail consumes the least overall energy .
According to the paper , this is because “ The San Francisco Bay Area ’s electricity is 49 % fossil fuel - based and Massachussetts ’ is 82 % . ”
This results in a reversal of one of the UCS study ’s conclusions about rail travel – “ Ride the rails in the Northeast to cut carbon and congestion . ” ( Chapter 4 , page 20 ) .
The problems with light rail powered by fossil fuel power plants become even more clear when you look beyond just GHGs into standard pollutants .
SO 2 emissions were the worst for light rail due to coal ’s high sulfur emissions .
Urban diesel buses at peak ridership were still the best performers , but all three aircraft sizes were better than all of the rail options , and the lowest SO 2 rail option was actually the diesel commuter rail .
And the three auto options were in the middle – worse than aircraft on a PKT basis , but better than all but one of the rail options .
57 % of nitrogen oxides come from transportation , and the worst offender was again the off - peak urban bus .
Commuter rail and pickups were tied for next worst , with electric rail having the lowest NO x emissions .
Aircraft were in the middle of the pack .
Finally , carbon monoxide pollution is mostly a result of autos , and nothing in the overall lifecycle changed that – the typical sedan ( the best performer of the three autos ) was still between five and six times worse than its nearest mass transit competitor , the off - peak urban bus .
And while electric rail lines had an extremely low fuel emission profile for carbon monoxide , the construction of the rail lines themselves resulted in enough carbon monoxide emissions to make them worse overall than an urban bus at peak ridership – even though the bus was powered from a comparably highly polluting diesel engine .
As illuminating as the results of the lifecycle emissions estimates are , however , they are n’t the complete story .
The paper ’s graphs illustrate that even if you were able to reduce the energy consumption , carbon emissions , and pollution to zero , the results are still counter - intuitive .
As the table below shows , urban peak buses remain the overall best transportation , but large and medium size aircraft continue to perform extremely well .
In fact , in energy consumption , GHG emissions , SO 2 , and NO x , air transportation performs as well as or better than all of the rail options .
This is again because of the relative lack of infrastructure required for air vs. ground transportation .
Of course , we ca n’t reduce the effects of active vehicle operations ( mostly fuel consumption ) to zero , and aircraft are likely to have a greater problem with this than most other forms of transportation .
But let ’s assume that new research into low carbon aircraft fuels produce the 60 - 80 % cuts in GHG emissions mentioned in this article , and let ’s further assume that we can reduce GHG emissions for all the other forms of transportation by 90 % .
Again , GHG emissions of air travel continue to look good compared to rail travel due to the infrastructure costs of the train .
These thought experiments could go on forever , and I ’m certain that there will be others who look at the paper ’s results in far greater detail than I can by “ eyeballing ” the graphs .
The overall point is this – the complete lifecycle of a form of transportation must be considered before we can reasonably judge whether one form of transportation is “ better ” than another .
Replacing the pollution from personal cars and trucks with pollution from a coal plant may not , in fact , be a good tradeoff even if overall GHG emissions and energy consumption fall as a result .
Similarly , ridership should also be considered before determining what the “ best ” solution for a given region will be .
And finally , the mix of energy and infrastructure required for the “ optimal ” transportation scheme will be dramatically different from region to region , from urban to suburban to rural , and from short to long distance transportation .
As with renewable energy , one size will most definitely not fit all , and research and development in all of the main modes of transportation is well warranted .
Image Credits :
Vincent Laforet , NYTimes
Environmental Research Letters
S&R
Walt Disney Pictures has provided ComingSoon .net with new images from Tim Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland featuring Johnny Depp as the Mad Hatter , Helena Bonham Carter as the Red Queen , Anne Hathaway as the White Queen , Mia Wasikowska as Alice , and Matt Lucas as Tweedledee and Tweedledum .
Also included are three more pieces of concept art .
The March 5 , 2010 release , also starring Michael Sheen , Crispin Glover , Stephen Fry and Alan Rickman , is almost like a sequel to the original story .
The traditional tale has been freshened with a blast of girl power , courtesy of writer Linda Woolverton ( Beauty and the Beast ) .
Alice , 17 , attends a party at a Victorian estate only to find she is about to be proposed to in front of hundreds of snooty society types .
Off she runs , following a white rabbit into a hole and ending up in Wonderland , a place she visited 10 years before yet does n’t remember .
Click the images for bigger versions !
( CNN ) --
Dare to fall into a black hole and you would get vaporized in what is probably the most violent place in the universe .
But the journey would yield some amazing sights , though you might need three eyes for the best view of what 's going on , new research suggests .
This image shows an artist 's impression of a supermassive black hole at the center of galaxy MCG - 6 - 30 - 15 .
Humans have only gotten close to black holes in sci- fi books and movies .
In fact , astronomers can't even see black holes directly , though there is strong evidence millions of them exist in our galaxy alone .
Scientists can try to simulate a trip inside with the help of equations in Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity , which make predictions about black hole behavior , said Andrew Hamilton , a professor of astrophysics at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
" Black holes are some of the simplest things in the universe .
We think of them as being complicated things because they 're described by complicated mathematics , " Hamilton said .
" But as a practical matter , they are , in fact , much simpler than the sun , far simpler than stars and infinitely simpler than human beings . "
Hamilton and Gavin Polhemus , a physics teacher in Fort Collins , Colorado , set out to visualize what an " infaller " might see if he or she were swallowed by the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way .
The results are described in a recent paper and shown in a simulation that took more than 100,000 lines of computer code to create .
Watch what you might see inside a black hole »
Black holes form when massive stars run out of nuclear fuel , collapse and become so compressed and dense that not even light can escape their gravitational pull .
Hamilton also described them as places where space is falling faster than light .
" I think of a black hole as rather like a waterfall , except it 's not a fall of water but rather a fall of space , " he said .
" Even light itself , which is struggling to get out , pointed away from the black hole , will find itself dragged inward , like doing a Michael Jackson moonwalk . "
Falling in
To be sucked in by a black hole , you need to reach its event horizon , the one - way boundary beyond which nothing can escape .
The more massive a black hole , the bigger this point of no return around it , said Jeff McClintock , a senior astrophysicist at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
The most common black holes , which weigh on average 10 times as much as the sun , have boundaries 40 miles across .
But most galaxies also have supermassive black holes at their centers , which weigh millions of suns and would have boundaries that stretch millions of miles .
Blog :
What is a white hole ?
Approaching the horizon , you would notice nothing special , but someone observing you from the outside would see you freeze in place and become a lot dimmer because light that you emit at the boundary takes a long time to get out , Hamilton said .
Many people think you would be engulfed in darkness when you fall in , but that is a common misconception , Hamilton points out .
The view of the outside universe would become distorted , but would not disappear .
Once you pass the horizon -- or go over Niagara Falls , in the waterfall analogy -- you would be falling faster than the speed of light toward the black hole 's center -- called a singularity -- and feeling the effects , Hamilton said .
" The gravity at your feet is stronger than the gravity at your head , as long as you fall in feet first .
...
You feel this difference in gravity between your feet and your head as a tidal force , which pulls you apart vertically in a process called ' spaghettification , ' " Hamilton writes on his Web site .
" At the same time as you are pulled apart vertically , you are crushed in the horizontal direction , like a rubber band being pulled .
So if you would like to be taller and thinner , then one way to achieve that is to fall into a black hole . "
Strange sights
The same force ripping you apart would also concentrate the view of the universe into a thin band around your waist .
It would cause the scene above and below you to appear redshifted , or dimmer , and the light around your waist to become blueshifted , or very bright , Hamilton said .
You may also regret that you only have two eyes .
In a strange twist , Hamilton and Polhemus argue that three eyes would be needed to properly judge distances inside a black hole , where space - time is highly curved and our binocular vision would become confused .
Even a third eye would n't help you see the black hole 's center , however , because all light is headed toward the singularity and none away from it , Hamilton writes on his Web site .
" What you see is the outside universe appear to be squashed down into a thin plane , dark above and dark below , bright in this very thin plane , " Hamilton said .
" In [ the singularity ] , the curvature of space - time goes to infinity , the tidal forces go to infinity , everything gets ripped apart and space and time as we know them come to an end . "
It 's fun to imagine what might happen in a black hole , but people should remember that any journey inside the event horizon is based on pure theory , McClintock said .
Anyone worried about Earth being swallowed by a black hole should also be relieved to know the closest one astronomers know about is 3,000 light years away , which McClintock called a " super , super , super safe " distance .
He added that we would n't be sucked in even if the sun , which is only 8 light minutes away from Earth , were suddenly replaced by a black hole of the same mass .
" All the planets would keep going around just the same .
...
Nothing would change except there would n't be any light and heat , " McClintock said .
" There would be no attempt by the black hole to suck us in any more than the sun sucks us in .
It 's only when you get really , really close that all the bizarre things happen . "
All About Astronomy • Astrophysics
JUNE 29 -- A Florida man last week called 911 seeking a police escort to the Miami home of the rapper Lil Wayne .
Michael Kruse , 20 , was arrested on a misdemeanor charge for making false emergency calls , according to a St. John 's County Sheriff 's Office report .
Listen to Kruse 's 911 call :
When Kruse , who was calling from his Ford Taurus , requested the escort , a police operator asked , ' You want a police escort to take you to Miami ? '
He answered , ' Or , do you have a helicopter ? '
The 911 operator replied , ' We do n't just send helicopters up for rappers . '
Kruse , pictured in the mug shot above , did not respond to an interview request left on his cell phone .
( 2 pages )
Welcome to the Netphoria Message Board ,
the largest and most popular Smashing Pumpkins forum on the internet !
You will need to register before you can post : click here to register your username .
Otherwise to start viewing messages , select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below .
Consider High - Yield Rewards Checking Accounts
In my last post I mentioned we were considering adding a high - yield savings account to our banking mix .
Today we went to two different banks to investigate their performance checking accounts .
What are High - Yield Rewards Checking Accounts ?
A high - yield reward checking account ( also known as a performance checking account ) offers a very high interest rate in return for your business .
The two banks we visited offered rates of 3.25 % and 4.41 % .
To earn those rates you must meet certain requirements otherwise the rate falls to something abysmal such as 0.25 % .
Also the performance rate usually only applies up to a certain deposit level .
After you reach that point the percentage rate falls off to something more reasonable .
We ended up opening an account with a small regional bank with locations in parts of Alabama , Mississippi , and Tennessee .
More on the specifics of our account in a moment .
How to Meet Performance Checking Requirements
To earn the above - market interest rate every bank we found required the following :
a certain number of debit card transactions each month ( 10 and 12 at the two banks we visited )
one direct deposit per month
electronic statements ( and / or internet banking )
We observed our spending and decided this was quite the easy hurdle to surpass .
I eat out two to three times per week for work .
That alone would get close or past 10 debit card transactions .
Add in groceries , gas , and all the other purchases we make and we could easily get past 10 transactions .
Why We Are Considering Switching to Rewards Checking
It ’s simple .
The local bank we opened the account with offer a 4.41 % up to $ 25,000 .
After $ 25,000 you earn 1.00 % .
If you fail to meet the requirements the interest rate falls to your typical 0.24 % .
Compare 4.41 % to the interest rate on our ING Direct savings account — 1.40 % .
ING ’s rates have fallen — understandably — as the Fed rates plummeted with the financial crisis .
Our ING Direct checking account is paying 0.25 % .
So we can move our savings into a checking account and earn 3.01 % more interest .
This will bring in several hundred dollars of extra interest income to us .
Big Wins and Still a Fan of ING
This is part of the big win mentality .
One change in our banking life will net us several hundred dollars in additional money .
Money that without the change we would n’t have earned .
Money that does n’t require constant significant effort to achieve .
I also want to note we are still fans of ING Direct .
We plan to keep any money above $ 25,000 with ING Direct in the savings account because it earns a bit more interest ( 1.4 % to 1 % ) than the account we opened .
We ’ll test this out once everything gets setup and we can transfer money in .
I ’m looking forward to earning a lot more interest than we used to earn !
Well , for any of those who voted for Obama .
The honeymoon is officially over .
Done .
The man who only four years ago advocated for a change to the disasterous policy of the failed war on drugs has now alienated an entire voting demographic .
See , to me , marijuana is n’t the most important issue .
It ’s not like I am going to oppose everything Obama proposes just because he has flip flopped on marijuana .
Certainly there are more pressing problems facing America today .
However , this seems to be a symptom which is hard to ignore .
We must remember that it was the Obama team ’s idea to create an online platform which would let everyday citizens vote on issues ( Basically taken from Digg.coms model ) .
And the top two ( by a wide margin ) were ending the drug war , and the legalization of marijuana .
He said it himself .
3.5 million people voted for what they believed in , and the vast majority voted on these two issues .
Now , as I ’ve stated before , it ’s always a bad idea to ask the internet anything as we are a group of atheistic , porn selling / consuming / downloading drug users .
Ask the internet any question and Libertarian issues always seem to win for whatever reason ( why do you think Ron Paul became an online celebrity ) .
However , it is nonetheless disconcerting that Obama would chose to make light of a subject which was highlighted by those who participated in a platform created by his own team .
I myself voted on Change .
Org for marijuana decriminalization and “ An end to the Drug War ” .
I think each participant got five votes , and I used some others on Solar power , beaver dams ( may their tails always be free ) and an end to all laws which would regulate pasties at strip clubs .
( sorry , just trying to lighten things up )
Anyway , my point is this .
If he is willing to betray his online base this early on , how can we trust him in the future .
This is , after all , a man who stood up for Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping .
A man who pledged to get the US out of Iraq ( but instead has chosen to extend their deployment , and move loads more of American soldiers into Afghanistan . )
If this is the beginning , what else can we believe from this man ?
Obama ran on the idea that he was a different type of politician who would not fall into partisan games , yet , since he has taken office we have seen a relentless attempt to hold on to the status quo .
Is this Change We Can Believe In ?
It seems that Obama has forgotten that once an individual is branded a liar it is hard to “ Believe ” any other word that comes out of their mouth .
Obviously the alternatives to Obama were frightening , and he was definitely the lesser of two evils , however at this point I can know longer say I “ Believe ” a word he says .
Sorry .
Power seems to corrupt all those who touch it .
And that ’s why I think we need to elect a Hobbit 🙂
Here ’s the old Obama if you want to take a trip down memory lane … .
Tell Obama what you think of him by going here .
But do n’t talk any crazy shit !
This is a government site and your IP will most surely be recorded !
Link
Evangelical anti-gay lawmakers in South Carolina have amended a bill originally intended to stop teen dating violence , so that the legislation excludes gay teens .
The bigots ’ reasoning :
Any effort to discourage domestic violence in gay teen relationships would implicitly acknowledge the existence and dignity of gay teens and would lessen the pressure upon teen - agers to pretend to be heterosexual or ' ex - gay ' .
Exodus International has two activist organizations and two member churches in the state — none of which have protested the exclusion of gay teens from antiviolence legislation , and none of which support antibullying programs in the state ’s schools .
If you live in South Carolina , please let these activists know , politely , that those who tolerate or affirm violence against gay youth in your state betray fairness , justice , morality , and Christian values .
Contact New Song , the so - called Truth Ministry , Christian Assembly of God , and Westminister Presbyterian Church .
Crossposted via Truth Wins Out .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Two days of high - level talks between the United States and China concluded with broad agreement on separate strategies to help their economies and the world emerge from the global recession .
Chinese state councilor Dai Bingguo confers with Hillary Clinton on Tuesday at the U.S. State Department .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Tuesday the United States will emphasize fiscal discipline on both the federal and personal levels , while China will encourage more domestic spending instead of relying on foreign demand .
" The basic importance of this is the recognition by both of us that things are going to have to change going forward , " Geithner told a closing news conference for the " Strategic and Economic Dialogue . "
He called the agreement on complementary economic strategies the " most important strategic achievements " of the talks .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the two - days " unprecedented " in U.S. - China relations , noting they were the largest gathering of top leaders from the two countries and covered a wide range of issues .
" The result is that we have laid the foundation for a positive , cooperative and comprehensive relationship for the 21st century , " Clinton said .
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan called the talks a " full success , " emphasizing the joint strategy to stimulate economic growth at home as a top priority while the world moves toward recovery .
The dialogue set up by U.S. President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart , Hu Jintao , was intended to address a series of issues , including the two countries ' response to the global financial crisis , climate change , nuclear proliferation and the ongoing conflict with religious and other extremists .
" We want to be very careful , as we work together to help move the ... global economy back from crisis to growth , that we do n't lay the seeds of future crises , " Geithner said at the closing news conference .
" So ... as we move to raise private savings ; as we move to bring down our fiscal deficit in the future ; as we move to put in place a more stable , more resilient financial system in the United States , we need to see actions in China and in other countries to shift the source of growth more to domestic demand . "
The talks also produced agreement on joint cooperation toward combating climate change by shifting to low - carbon economies and reducing dependency on foreign oil .
Obama has made reducing greenhouse gas emissions a priority of his administration , but the Chinese government has been reluctant to sign on to international agreements that , according to some analysts , could slow its rapid economic growth .
Clinton praised the Chinese for what she called important steps toward clean energy being taken in the run-up to U.N. - led negotiations on a new global climate change treaty scheduled for December in Copenhagen , Denmark .
China is one of America 's most important trading partners and its economy is tightly intertwined with efforts to reverse the global downturn .
But the relationship is also often a source of tension .
China has an estimated $ 2 trillion in foreign reserves and is the United States ' largest creditor , having bought more than $ 1 trillion of its debt .
Watch Obama hail U.S. - China partnership »
Economists said China is worried about the soaring U.S. fiscal deficit and any attempt by the United States to " inflate " its way out of the crisis .
Such a move would hurt the value of Chinese investments in U.S. Treasury bonds .
At this meeting , U.S. officials said they , in turn , are warning China that the U.S. economy has fundamentally changed in response to the crisis .
Americans are saving more and buying less .
CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report
All About China • Economic Crisis
fill your condenser with ice and water ( a little salt would n't hurt either , lowers temperature - think ice cream ) .
attach the copper tube coming from the pot to the tube from the condenser with the couplers .
place something under the spout to catch your shine and go to town .
it may be good to have more than one receptacle .
you will see why if you continue reading .
now we need some heat .
back in the day people would use wood fires , gas stoves , basically anything they could get their hands on .
dangerous !
play it safe .
open flames are not good around a still .
alcohol vapors are flammable !
as well , precise temperature control of your heat source is not necessary .
the solution will take care of that .
electric heat is the best .
check the pic.
i'm using an electric stove .
works great .
you can see how i have it set up and i hope it all makes sense now .
you load your wash into the kettle / pot , apply some heat , and condense the results .
how ?
i'll tell you if you 'd just be patient .
geez .
okay , pour your wash into the kettle .
place the stopper into the spout .
turn on the heat .
watch the thermometer .
alcohol boils at a temperature lower than water .
that 's what makes distillation work .
exact temperature will vary depending on elevation and barometric pressure , but water boils at around 212 °F while ethanol boils at around 173 °F.
methanol , that can make you blind and is what you really want to avoid , boils around 148 °F .
while running your wash , watch for plateaus ( when the temperature stays the same for a while -- forms a plateau if you graph it ) on your thermometer and compare them to known boiling temperatures to ensure you get only what you want and leave the rest .
check out my instructable to give you the basics of distillation .
basically if you begin to distill and the temperature reaches a certain point and remains there for any length of time you have reached the boiling temperature for a particular liquid component of your wash .
check the temperature against the boiling point data you have researched and you can tell what it is you are distilling at the time .
using this information you can discard anything other than ethanol .
no matter what a solution contains , it will not boil at a temperature any higher than what the level of the component with the lowest boiling temperature is until that component is boiled away .
check the comments or ' distilling basics ' for a discussion or two on this .
as an example , if your solution contains methanol , ethanol and water it will happen like this : once the temperature of your solution reaches around 148 °F methanol will begin to boil and come out through your tube as vapor into your condenser where it will convert back to liquid and exit into your receptacle .
the temperature of your solution will not vary much beyond 148 °F until the methanol is gone and then will begin to climb again until it reaches 173 °F , the boiling point of the ethanol .
the same thing will happen here .
the temperature will hover around the same until the ethanol is boiled off and then on to water .
in order to get ethanol and exclude the rest you get rid of what are called the ' heads ' and ' tails . ' basically dump anything that boils lower than around 173 °F and everything after the temperature begins to climb again .
this is why i mentioned having more than one receptacle .
use one for the heads , one for what you want , and one for the tails .
so once you 've boiled off and then condensed your wash , you should be left with a solution containing a much higher alcohol content than what you started with .
you will still get a bit of water , but that 's okay .
running the product through the still again will further extract ethanol and raise the proof .
a bit of trivia : the Xes often seen on moonshine bottles in old cartoons , etc. represent the amount of runnings , or how many times it was distilled .
i've achieved a blue flame from a wash after a first run with this set up .
you may or may not need to run the wash more than once .
anything over about 150 proof will burn .
that 's a pretty good result from a single run .
i do not recommend doing anything i've talked about .
it 's not very legal ( in the US ) , and it 's not very safe .
i enjoy knowledge for the sake of knowledge , though , and just because i know how to do something does n't mean i will .
so take this to heart , and take care .
peace .
-p
Linux only :
It will only ever truly support Jabber / XMPP / Google Talk , but Synapse , a new alpha - level IM app , is a pretty — and pretty efficient — way to chat if you 're all about open - source communication .
Advertisement
The developer of Synapse has a goal of spreading the love for XMPP , which is an open , extensible chat standard .
That 's great for the open - minded set , and users of Google Talk , which conforms to the standard , but is obviously a bit restricting , given the number of contacts one might have on " legacy " systems like AIM or MSN .
There might be room in the future for server - side conversion of other protocols to XMPP , but for the time being , it 's open - source or the road .
That said , even in a theoretically buggy alpha , Synapse looks great .
Advertisement
It works with Ubuntu 9.04 's Growl - like notification systems , giving you chat updates in the upper - right corner of your screen without being intrusive .
It can present chats in a number of styles , including some that ape iChat 's bubble -y messages ( at right ) , but with lots of color customization .
The buddy list offers a pretty intuitive " grid " view that hides away usernames and statuses unless you mouse over — kind of a smart move for anyone who knows their friends ' icons pretty well by now .
And all the tools for in - chat sharing of pictures , files , code snippets , or even desktop views are available in a single , tab - friendly chat window .
Synapse also has a mind for webapp hook - ups .
Do n't like your icon , or got a non-existent one ?
Type a search into an integrated Flickr search box , and grab a pre-thumbed icon .
Want to turn your Jabber " shouts " into Tweets , and re-purpose your Twitter posts as status messages ?
Throw in your user credentials , and you 're on your way .
Synapse is an alpha- testing release for Linux systems only .
Installation instructions are available for Ubuntu , openSUSE and
Advertisement
Synapse Instant Messenger
Overdue Minimum Wage Increase Takes Effect
Despite opposition from businesses , the federal minimum hourly wage will go up $.70 cents today to $ 7.25 an hour .
This increase may come as a blessing to workers in low - wage jobs across the country who may not often see such wage increases .
The federal minimum wage was raised a year ago from an extremely low $ 5.85 an hour to $ 6.55 .
The increase to $ 7.25 was due today .
According to the Department of Labor , over 58 percent of workers in the U.S. hold hourly wage jobs in the service industry .
States like Mississippi , Oklahoma , South Carolina and Tennessee have the highest concentration of workers who are earning the minimum wage .
Minimum hourly wage standards can be increased by city , county , or state lawmakers .
Many states including California , Nevada , Washington , and New Mexico have hourly wages already higher than the federal standard .
But other states also have hourly wage pay standards that are lower than the federal , including Wyoming at $ 5.15 per hour , and Arkansas at $ 6.25 .
But despite the modest increase to $ 7.25 per hour , business interests complain that the wage increases will affect small businesses .
Yet , according to a survey by the National Small Business Association in 2008 , the average hourly wage paid by employers who have less than 500 employees was $ 10 per hour .
Advocates for increasing the minimum wage argue that the new standard will benefit the workers and their families , as well as the economy overall .
CNN Money in an article published on July 7 , reported that :
Advocates for low wage workers believe that a higher minimum wage is a step in the right direction , even though for many people it ’s barely enough to survive on .
At $ 7.25 an hour , a full - time worker earns $ 15,080 .
At the nationwide work week average of 33 hours , the worker would earn $ 12,441 .
The U.S. government sets the poverty level at $ 10,830 for one person or $ 22,050 for a family of four in the lower 48 states and D.C.
A worker who is above the poverty level would not be eligible for certain welfare - related assistance .
“ For a family to survive on $ 22,000 , it ’s impossible , ” said Matt Goldberg , a staff attorney at the Legal Aid Center - Employment Law Center , an organization that advocates for low income workers .
“ A minimum wage job might technically keep you above the poverty line .
But the practical reality is that anyone trying to survive on minimum wage is in real , real dire straights . ”
Goldberg said that San Francisco , where his organization is based , imposes its own minimum wage , of $ 9.79 an hour .
Other groups advocating for higher wages for workers are unions .
Unions particularly see a need for the minimum wage to increase for workers in the service sector since manufacturing jobs , which once provided good pay and benefits have closed down .
If over half of the population in the U.S. earns hourly wages , making those jobs good middle - class jobs that pay well , could lift the economy .
Change to Win , a federation of unions that split from the AFL - CIO in 2005 , supports the federal hourly wage increase , but called on lawmakers to go one step further and make the Employee Free Choice Act law .
Union leaders believe that EFCA would allow workers to form unions more easily .
Chris Chafe , the Executive Director for Change to Win , issued the following statement on Friday :
Lew Rockwell asked Jeffrey Tucker to run www.Mises.org in 1995 .
Tucker is a genius .
Why do I think he is a genius ?
Because he knows how to borrow and then implement other people ’s great ideas .
This is a sign of genius .
“ Steal from the best ! ”
One of the most important ideas he ever appropriated is Leonard E. Read ’s strategy of giving everything away .
Read ’s Foundation for Economic Education published The Freeman , the monthly magazine of free market ideas .
FEE copyrighted the magazine .
Then it released everything into the public domain , unless an author requested copyright protection .
Henry Hazlitt did .
A few others did .
Most authors did not .
I was one of these , beginning 1967 .
Why did he copyright the magazine if he gave everything away ?
To keep others from copyrighting it after FEE published it .
Smart !
There was another reason .
To get librarians to catalogue it , it had to have a Library of Congress catalogue number .
FEE had to copyright the magazine to get this .
Tucker has written about Read ’s policy here .
He wrote this as an introduction to his posting of all original copies of The Freeman .
You can access them here .
But wait !
Are n’t these also on FEE ’s website ?
Not in their original form .
You mean FEE sat on this collection of articles for 14 years , not posting this treasure ?
Yes .
But is n’t the Web Leonard Read ’s dream come true — a way to give away ideas , because digits are free ?
Yes .
FEE ’s presidents from 1995 to 2008 never really understood the power of the World Wide Web .
Lew Rockwell did .
So did Jeff Tucker .
This is why LewRockwell.com and Mises.org have a large traffic , and FEE.org does n’t .
Rockwell got there first and captured the libertarian market by giving away everything .
You can buy printed copies of the books Mises.org gives away .
Result : Mises Institute sells more libertarian books than any other organization .
You mean that giving away a download of a book sells the book ?
Yes .
But why ?
Because most book lovers suffer from what I call Picard ’s syndrome .
Like Jean - Luc , they want to hold a book in their laps .
They do n’t like to read a book in a 3 - ring binder .
They can read a chapter on - line .
Then they say , “ Nuts to this .
I ’ll click a link and buy it . ”
Print - on - demand technology lets the Mises Institute list hundreds of books in its on - line catalogue ( free ) .
Inventory problems ?
Nothing to speak of .
Want to test drive any book it sells ?
Go to the Literature section of the site .
Read the rest of the article
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
Robert McNamara became a prolific author in later years Former American secretaries of defence seldom get such widespread obituaries as Robert S McNamara .
Despite a distinguished career which saw him at the centre of power or influence at some of the most troubled times of the 20th Century , it was Errol Morris 's 2003 film , The Fog of War , subtitled Eleven Lessons from the Life of Robert McNamara , which singled out this former defence secretary .
In the film , McNamara spoke frankly about the Vietnam war , the Cuban missile crisis and World War II , giving a behind - the - scenes account of the context in which important decisions were taken , in so doing raising questions about the nature of war and human behaviour .
Born in San Francisco in 1916 , McNamara graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in economics before gaining an MBA at Harvard .
Cuban Missile Crisis
A brilliant statistician , he was drafted to help develop methods of statistical control for managing the strategic bombing campaigns against Germany and Japan .
He worked with General Curtis LeMay on the firebombing of 67 Japanese cities that killed almost a million people , 100,000 on one night in wooden Tokyo .
In The Fog of War , he agreed with LeMay 's assertion that the pair " were behaving as war criminals " and would have been tried as such had their side lost .
In 1946 , McNamara was hired by the Ford Motor company to rejuvenate its flagging sales .
He rose to become the first president of the company outside the Ford family .
McNamara and Johnson had differences over Vietnam
He was one of the first to introduce safety features in order to reduce the death rate in crashes .
But in 1960 , he was snapped up by President John F Kennedy to become his defence secretary .
In this post , he reformed Pentagon practices , oversaw a huge military build - up and was centrally involved in the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 , when Soviet nuclear missiles were discovered in Cuba and the world teetered on the brink of a nuclear war for 13 days .
Hate figure
In the film , he described Gen LeMay , at that time an adviser to Kennedy , and Fidel Castro , as the two most dangerous personalities of that crisis .
Gen LeMay wanted to attack Cuba unilaterally , while Mr Castro , he said , told him later that he had pressed Soviet leader Nikita Krushchev to attack the United States with nuclear weapons if the US invaded .
During the Vietnam War , McNamara supported US efforts to prevent the victory of Communist insurgents over the government of South Vietnam .
McNamara later described the Vietnam war as " terribly wrong "
To anti-war protesters at the time , McNamara became something of a hate figure , an arrogant ultra - hawk responsible for escalating the war .
He fully supported , Johnson 's decision to put ground troops into Vietnam in a bid to prop up the unstable South Vietnamese government and prevent political disintegration which would have aided the Communist cause .
Haunted by Vietnam By 1966 , McNamara had begun to question the wisdom of US involvement in Vietnam and , a year later , was privately advising Johnson to end the war by negotiation .
He initiated a full investigation of the American commitment to Vietnam ( later released as the Pentagon Papers ) .
But Johnson escalated the war further by bombing North Vietnam .
McNamara left the job in 1968 .
The war eventually claimed the lives of three million Vietnamese and 58,000 Americans .
McNamara married for the second time , aged 88 Almost immediately , he took up the presidency of the World Bank where he remained until 1981 , focusing on the developing world .
In later years , he became a prolific author and lecturer .
His role in the Vietnam War continued to haunt him , though .
It was his memoir , In Retrospect : The Tragedy and Lessons of Vietnam ( 1995 ) , which inspired The Fog of War movie .
He described the war as " terribly wrong " owing to a combination of the anti-communist climate of the times , mistaken assumptions of foreign policy and military misjudgements .
Critics claimed his admission came 30 years too late .
In 2004 , at the age of 88 , he married 70 - year - old Diana Byfield .
It was his second marriage - his first wife Margaret , to whom he was married for 40 years , died of cancer in 1981 .
Robert McNamara once said , " I do n't believe we should ever apply our power unilaterally .
If we can't persuade nations with similar values , we 'd better re-examine our reasoning . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Long - term declines of elephants , giraffe , impala and other animals in Kenya are occurring at the same rates within the country 's national parks as outside of these protected areas , according to a study released this week .
" This is the first time we 've taken a good look at a national park system in one country , relative to all of the wildlife populations across the whole country , " said David Western , an adjunct professor of biology at UC San Diego and the founding executive director of the African Conservation Center in Nairobi , who headed the study published in the July 8 issue of the journal PLoS One .
" And we found that wildlife populations inside and outside of the parks are declining at much the same rate . "
Western said this finding , while surprising to those who regard national parks as sanctuaries where wildlife populations are protected , illustrates the problems that maintaining these protected areas can create on wildlife and ecosystems inside as well as outside of the parks .
" What we 're now beginning to understand is that the pressures around the parks are also affecting the wildlife in the parks , " said Western , a former director of the Kenyan Wildlife Service , which commissioned the study two years ago .
His research team — which included Samantha Russell , a research scientist at the African Conservation Center , and Innes Cuthill , a biologist at Britain 's Bristol University — compiled data from more than 270 counts of wildlife in Kenya over a period of 25 years .
" Many of the population changes that occur are drought - driven , occurring over a 5 to 10 year period , " said Western .
" These data cover a long period of time and overcome that seasonal periodic drought - driven effect on wildlife . "
These are wildebeest and elephants in Amboseli National Park .
( Photo Credit : David Western )
The scientists noted in their paper that many of Kenya 's 23 national park and 26 national reserve boundaries do not take into account the seasonal migrations of animals .
So when land surrounding the parks is allowed to be developed for agriculture and other uses , migratory routes and important sources of food for wildlife are destroyed .
" Parks in Kenya were set aside in areas where people saw large aggregations of animals and typically these were the areas where animals congregated during the dry seasons , " said Western .
" They ignored seasonal migrations because people did n't know where these animals migrated to , in many cases . "
To protect elephants and other endangered species from poachers , the national parks confined these animals within park boundaries .
But the researchers found that this practice over time has changed the ecology of many Kenyan parks .
" Elephants need a lot of space , " Western said .
" They move around .
But now that they have been limited to smaller areas , they 're taking out the woody vegetation and reducing the overall biodiversity in the national parks .
We 're seeing throughout our parks in Kenya a change from woody habitats to grassland habitats .
As a result , we 're losing the species that thrive in woody areas , such as giraffe , lesser kudu and impala . "
The researchers said in their paper that wildlife populations throughout Kenya — inside as well as outside the national parks — declined by 40 percent from 1977 to 1997 .
But the populations underwent ups and downs during those years .
" The combined wildlife populations show considerable fluctuation in parks and adjoining areas , with numbers rising in the late 1970s , falling through to the mid-1980s , rising again more slowly in the late 1980s and falling steeply in the 1990s , " the researchers wrote in their paper .
Western said a third contributing reason for declines in some species , such as elephants , has been the antagonism created by the parks within surrounding communities .
Forced to settle in land outside the parks , some local tribes view the parks as threats to their survival .
" What happens is that wildlife now becomes a threat to their agriculture and their pastoral way of life , " Western said .
" So they willingly invite poachers to get rid of the wildlife . "
" The most disturbing finding from our study is that the biggest parks do not provide insulation from wildlife losses , " he added .
" In fact , the biggest losses are occurring in the big parks , rather than the smaller ones .
A very big park is much more difficult to protect from poachers .
Furthermore , in the biggest parks there is n't an intimate connection between the park and the surrounding community , so there are no benefits going back .
The small parks , such Nairobi National Park , Amboseli , and Nakuru , are surrounded by people who are more educated and better off financially , so they do n't see the parks with the same antagonism as the others and they 're more amenable to conservation . "
Western said that to protect Kenyan wildlife from further declines , the Kenyan government needs to set policies to share the profits of ecotourism with local communities so that they can reap the economic benefits of protecting the wildlife and ecosystems within and surrounding the national parks .
" We now have streams of visitors into the parks and at the moment the revenues are going to the tour operators , hoteliers and the government and nothing to the customary users of that land .
We need to create ' parks beyond parks ' in which we encourage communities to become closely aligned with their own wildlife sanctuaries , their own lodges , their own scouts and their own conservation efforts . "
Western added that he and his colleagues found in a separate study , soon to be published , that " where we have community based conservation linked to a national park , the losses of wildlife are much , much less . "
He said those lessons apply not only to national parks in Kenya , but to those in other countries , including the United States .
" We 're not likely to increase the number of national parks or increase parkland , " he added .
" But we can create parks beyond parks in local communities that double as grazing land for livestock during droughts and become drought refuges for wildlife .
This obviates the need to create new parkland . "
" The combination of local involvement with national parks makes a very good fit , " he said .
Elephants have changed the ecology of Amboseli and other national parks in Kenya .
( Photo Credit : David Western )
Source : University of California - San Diego
Humans are notoriously poor at weighing risk .
We use emotion , rather than reason , to judge what ’s truly dangerous , which is why most Americans being afraid of handguns in the home more than swimming pools when it comes to child safety .
And it ’s the same with online security .
People worry about scary hackers penetrating through firewalls and stealing passwords for websites they use , but the reality –just like with swimming pools–is usually much more mundane ( and dangerous ) .
The Real Threat
Most people–and I dare say even most security professionals – do n’t realize that the greatest vulnerability to online account security does n’t come from having multiple passwords spread out over many sites , or even from proposed identity consolidation systems like OpenID .
It actually comes from the mother of all single points of failure – the email - based password reset mechanism .
Systems like OpenID are potential points of failure , for some subset of online users , at some point in the future .
Email , on the other hand , is a single point of failure for almost everyone –right now .
Think about it : when you forget your password , how do you reset it for the majority of the sites you use ?
Right , email .
That means that the way into virtually all those different websites is through your email account .
In other words , the single most important password you have is the password to your email account .
The Mother of All Backdoors
Unfortunately , gaping holes exist in our current online password security systems –including those on email accounts .
The hole comes in the form of question - answer reset systems , whereby you are asked some questions like , “ What ’s the name of your favorite pet ? ” , or “ What was the name of your first High School ? ” in order to reset your password .
These systems constitute a major weakness in online security for the simple reason that guessing these answers is often much easier than guessing your actual password .
So the bottom line is that if someone can backdoor your email account through a weak reset mechanism , they will then own your single point of failure for all your other online accounts .
This is the swimming pool of online attacks because it yields way more passwords per year than super - hackers , but it gets far less attention .
So What Can We Do ?
Here are the things you can do immediately to improve your online security posture :
Go , right now , and change your email password .
Make it as complex as possible and do n’t use a scheme or pattern that you ’ve used in the past .
Make it around 8 characters ( you get diminishing returns beyond that ) and make sure to use upper-case , lower - case , numbers , and at least one special character .
Modify your password reset questions and answers for your email account ( if you have them ) .
If you have the option , create your own questions , and use answers that only you would know .
Do n’t be like Sarah Palin ( solid advice on a number of levels ) and use something that can be looked up ( she got her email hacked by using her High School name ) .
If you ’re forced to use canned questions , be tricky : consider answering “ Friday ” for favorite food , or “ 7129 ” for your favorite pet ’s name .
Sign up for an OpenID account .
I suggest PIP from VerisignLabs because they offer a number of two - factor options ( I use their soft token ) .
Make this password a good one , and do n’t base it off of any patterns you ’ve used in the past .
Pay special attention to your reset mechanisms ( see numbers 1 and 2 ) , and enable the two - factor option if at all possible .
Enable the requirement on your OpenID account ( PIP ) to require that you be signed in before the incoming authentication request be granted .
For your sensitive accounts ( I ’d say this includes social networking sites in most cases ) use your OpenID account wherever you can .
And where you do , be sure to change your local , website - based password ( which you ’ll be mapping your OpenID to ) to something complex .
Consider using a password - generator tool for generating and managing those passwords –something like 1 Password or Password Safe .
You hopefully wo n’t have to use them much , as you ’ll be using your OpenID in most cases .
These four things should enhance your online security significantly , and doing just the first two will get you a solid measure of the benefits .
In an upcoming article I ’ll be looking at some of the password reset mechanisms used by major services , and evaluating the strength of each . ::
Links
[ OpenID | openid.net ]
READER COMMENTS ON
" Palin '08 : Clinton ' Does Herself a Disservice ' by Whining About Media 's ' Excess Criticism ' "
( 31 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/10/2009 @ 11:08 am PT ...
I think Palin is well within her bounds to complain about the treatment her children have received .
And I see a slight difference between criticism of her and outright lies .
But , I do agree she needs to stop with the ain't it awful .
It really is n't helping her image as a strong , conservative woman .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/10/2009 @ 11:11 am PT ...
We hate to pile on , No you do n't , but it did cause me to smile as I imagined your thought process in writing that .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... jamzz said on 7/10/2009 @ 1:18 pm PT ...
The buzzard has returned !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... jamzz said on 7/10/2009 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
Obviously , to " some people " , the pot calling the kettle black is perfectly ok ... so I guess hypocrisy is n't in the repuke dictionary ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... jamzz said on 7/10/2009 @ 1:24 pm PT ...
" Some people " need to troll elsewhere instead so that " some people " will actually have the chance of swaying the opinion of other trolls ... because I guarantee " some people " , it is n't going to happen here .... we really do n't give a rat 's a$$ what some trolling buzzards have to say about anything ... " some people " need to stick to Faux noise ...
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 7/10/2009 @ 2:50 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/10/2009 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
Axey - Did you feel that Rush Limbaugh calling Chelsea Clinton the " White House Dog " was deserved or appropriate ... because he never apologized , he simply deflected .
And you 're probably right about the piling .
In fact , the first thing I thought when I read that was " Hell no - pile it on ! "
In fact , I hope every dirty and corrupt secret comes to light , and Palin in buried neck high in her own shit .
( But I do n't discriminate on this point , I 'd just as soon see the same for any corrupt Democrats and that includes the sitting president - I just do n't think their shit stacks quite as high . )
Anyway , I second the notion that you go troll elsewhere , your posts are extremely tiresome and on this site toads like you are inevitably squashed ... remember HHMCOR
( or whatever his name was ? )
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/10/2009 @ 3:17 pm PT ...
What is a troll ?
Did you feel that Rush Limbaugh calling Chelsea Clinton the " White House Dog " was deserved or appropriate ... because he never apologized , he simply deflected .
I did n't know he did .
This is the 1st time I 've seen this allegation .
I 'll go look for it to see what said and how the Clintons responded .
I just do n't think their shit stacks quite as high . )
I 'm not surprised .
toads like you are inevitably squashed
With the welcoming committee that Brad has here , I 'm not surprised he gets so little comments to his investigative journalism .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/10/2009 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Nice try , Phil. xoxoxox
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/10/2009 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
It appears " pallin ' around with terrorist " palin is just going to slowly disappear into the sunset .
At least for now - good riddance , Alaska is MUCH BETTER OFF without you !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/10/2009 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
The more things change ... Did you know that the Pukes were called Pukes back in the 1830s ?
Suckers , Pukes , and Them Thar Marmons .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/10/2009 @ 8:08 pm PT ...
With the welcoming committee that Brad has here , I 'm not surprised he gets so little comments to his investigative journalism .
And you were expecting ...?
Are we supposed to ' debate ' wingnut talking points ?
Sorry , I 'd rather give them the credence they deserve , which amounts to ' squash and flush . '
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... David D. said on 7/10/2009 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
Well , somebody 's daughter got knocked up at 18 and it was n't Hillary's .
Old double standard Palin can dish it out but she can't take it .
In her quittin speech , she said a good point guard holds her head up , protects the ball so that she can avoid the defense and help the team score .
She then went on to say " that is why i'm keeping my on the ball "
When she had her eye on the ball , she was n't keeping her head up , her daughter got knocked up and she lost an election and any shred of respectability she may have maintained throughout her pathetic eight months of politicin ' .
By the way , was Obama waiving to Palin on her front porch in AK when he was getting off
air force 1 in Russia ???
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Jena said on 7/11/2009 @ 8:09 am PT ...
No , the big O was n't waving to Sara P from Russia .
He was too busy checking out a jailbait 's rear end .
In regards to Bristol Palin - is she only person that ever had a baby out of wedlock ?
Good grief !
check out Hollywood , they 're shelling them out like peas and proud of it .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 9:58 am PT ...
Reading crap from Sarah Palin apologists .... priceless .... friggin ' priceless .
friggin ' groupies
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/11/2009 @ 10:45 am PT ...
Jena - trust me , nobody here really gives a shit that Bristol Palin was banging her beau under her parents ' roof ( apparently with their full knowledge ) ... and nobody cares that she got knocked up , or that their relationship failed ( Levi and Bristol ) ...
What we do care about , however , is the hypocrisy of the conservative hardline on abstinence education and abortion .
Not everyone is lucky enough to have a Governor and Presidential candidate as a mother to lend support for a child born to a young mother out of welock .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 7/11/2009 @ 11:44 am PT ...
We know where " Jena " is getting her talking points .
The Obama " checking out a jailbait 's rear end " mantra propelled by Faux News has been thoroughly debunked see here , but that wo n't keep the liars at Faux News and their pathetic followers from continuing to " catapult the propaganda " .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/11/2009 @ 12:42 pm PT ...
That was only a maybe , Steve ... actually looked like a smooth transition to me ... do n't forget , he 's already on record as pervy ....
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... idontgetit said on 7/11/2009 @ 12:57 pm PT ...
The irony of the ever continuing saga of Sarah is that the " iceberg " may be actually hitting from her excuse for quitting .
Instead of her " nobody really knows " reason for quitting .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 7/11/2009 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
I hope you were kidding in # 18 , Agent 99 .
As much as there is to criticize about Obama , piling on with the Obama as a " tailchaser " crap just dilutes the impact of the real things he is guilty of ( not to mention that most people , myself included , probably do n't care if he checks out a well - shaped derriere when one presents ) .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/11/2009 @ 2:46 pm PT ...
( #19 ) IDONTGETIT ~ excellent point .
Something is melting - down .
I was also SPECULATING ( yes , I 'm cyber - yelling the word just for clarity ) that maybe the big " iceburg " is really a bunch of itty - bitty - but - plenty - shitty " icefloes " .
Or a few mightily - packed and hard - rolling snowballs ( a more suitable analogy for Palin 's apparently thinning , super - sensitive skin . )
Too many ethics investigations that she 's paying for out of her own pock --- wait , no .
The Alaskan taxpayers are paying for --- wait , no --- the Dept. Of Law is ... no , it 's her defense fund that 's having to shell out $ 30,000 clams an hour for attorney 's fees , right ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:30 pm PT ...
Palin preaches abstinence ... then her unmarried daughter gets knocked up .
When it 's pointed out , she cries she 's being " picked on " !
wtf ???
Another HUGE break the Palin 's received from the media !
Just pointing this out , is n't being " picked on " .
She deserved to be picked on for that !
THAT ... is called HYPOCRISY !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:27 pm PT ...
I am kidding , but it looked in both the still and the video as though he were checking out that tail ... and could hardly have avoided it ... and , having entirely too much experience in this sort of thing , I do not see how ogling someone 's butt amounts to chasing tail .
Whatever .
At least he was less undignified about it than Sarkozy , but that was sort of the theme for this G8 Summit , anyway : undignified .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/11/2009 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Listen , in all serious - and regardless of his sexuality - I 'd think something was wrong with him if he did n't do a doubletake on that particular derriere .
Come to think of it , if someone 's going to have their finger on the button , I want them to appreciate a great ass , because that 's what they 'll be blowing up - a lot of great ass .
I think that 's why everyone felt so at ease with Clinton in the White House .
And conversely perhaps that was part of what made me so uncomfortable with Bush - I do n't think he'd know a great ass if it fell in his lap ( it did n't . ) :)
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/11/2009 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
And furthermore ...
Was n't Palin's whole purpose as the VP nominee to have a great ass ?
Beats looking at wrinkled old white men .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Peter Feldstein said on 7/11/2009 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
Try as hard as you can and I do n't think you could write a sentence as poorly constructed as Sarah's .
As a child we used to sit around the dining room table and laugh hysterically at my father 's Aunt Edith 's letters .
Sarahs rambling statements are pretty much the same thing .
And though funny on the surface , pretty scary to think that this may get her to the White House .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Foxwood said on 7/12/2009 @ 5:56 am PT ...
The right needs to learn to fight .
The left plays the dirty game .
Sarah just found out how dirty .
http://animal-farm.us/obama/dirty-game-517
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... LewScannon said on 7/12/2009 @ 9:40 am PT ...
The right needs to learn to fight .
The left plays the dirty game .
Sarah just found out how dirty .
Ensign , resigned ?
No. Sanford , impeached ?
No .
And neither of them have quit after having their extra-marital affairs exposed .
Meanwhile , Fox News keeps pushing a talking about Obama that has been thoroughly debunked , and the Left plays the dirty game ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/12/2009 @ 10:42 am PT ...
Comment # 27 ... Foxwood ....
So I go to the link you posted ... the first 6 words were :
" The strategy of the commie left " ...
The word commie is a hot link to another page on the same site that gives the webster 's dictionary definition as stated in Marx 's communist manifesto ...
Hence the site has conflated and hysterically associated liberal thought in America and Marx 's communist manifesto as one and the same ...
And these extreme right wingers wonder why no one takes them seriously anymore .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Clint said on 7/13/2009 @ 8:40 am PT ...
The idea that the media is " liberal " in any meaningful sense is absurd .
News organizations are massive corporations that generate revenue by selling ( often privileged ) audiences to big advertisers .
Accordingly , the resulting news has a pro-business tilt .
Palin 's complaints miss the big picture , and her analysis ( not surprisingly ) lacks any strength whatsoever .
That 's That Woman for you .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/13/2009 @ 11:46 am PT ...
Dear Cecil : Just what does " colitis " mean ?
In the song " Hotel California " by the Eagles the first lines are , " On a dark desert highway , cool wind in my hair , warm smell of colitis rising up through the air . "
I remember I tried looking it up at a university library years ago and could n't find the answer .
I know songwriters sometimes make up words , but I did n't see a Dr. Seuss credit on the album .
Wendy Martin , via the Internet
Cecil replies :
Uh , Wendy .
It ’s colitas , not colitis .
Colitis ( pronounced koe - LIE - tis ) is an inflammation of the large intestine .
You ’re probably thinking of that famous Beatles lyric , “ the girl with colitis goes by . ”
As for “ Hotel California , ” you realize a lot of people are n’t troubled so much by colitas as by the meaning of the whole damn song .
Figuring that we should start with the general and move to the particular , I provide the following commonly heard theories :
(1) The Hotel California is a real hotel located in ( pick one ) Baja California on the coastal highway between Cabo San Lucas and La Paz or else near Santa Barbara .
In other words , the song is a hard look at the modern hospitality industry , which is plagued by guests who “ check out any time [ they ] like ” but then “ never leave . ”
(2) The Hotel California is a mental hospital .
I see one guy on the Web has identified it as “ Camarillo State Hospital in Ventura County between LA and Santa Barbara . ”
(3) It ’s about satanism .
Is n’t everything ?
(4) Hotel California is a metaphor for cocaine addiction .
See “ You can check out any time you like but you can never leave . ”
This comes from the published comments of Glenn Frey , one of the coauthors .
(5) It ’s about the pitfalls of living in southern California in the 1970s , my interpretation since first listen .
Makes perfect sense , and goddammit , who you going to believe , some ignorant rock star or me ?
(6) My fave , posted to the Usenet by Thomas Dzubin of Vancouver , British Columbia : “ There was this fireworks factory just three blocks from the Hotel California … and it blew up !
Big tragedy .
One of the workers was named Wurn Snell and he was from the town of Colitas in Greece .
One of the workers who escaped the explosion talked to another guy … I think it was probably Don Henley … and Don asked what the guy saw .
The worker said , “ Wurn Snell of Colitas … rising up through the air . ”
He ’s also got this bit about “ on a dark dessert highway , Cool Whip in my hair . ”
Well , I thought it was funny .
OK , back to colitas .
Personally I had the idea colitas was a type of desert flower .
Apparently not .
Type “ colitas ” into a Web search engine and you get about 50 song - lyric hits plus , curiously , a bunch of citations from Mexican and Spanish restaurant menus .
Hmm , one thinks , were the Eagles rhapsodizing about the smell of some good carryout ?
We asked some native Spanish speakers and learned that colitas is the diminutive feminine plural of the Spanish cola , tail .
Little tail .
Looking for a little … we suddenly recalled a ( male ) friend ’s guess that colitas referred to a certain feature of the female anatomy .
We paused .
Naah .
Back to those menus .
“ Colitas de langosta enchiladas ” was baby lobster tails simmered in hot sauce with Spanish rice .
One thinks : you know , I could write a love song around a phrase like that .
Enough of these distractions .
By and by a denizen of soc.culture .
spain wrote : “ Colitas is little tails , but here the author is referring to ‘ colas , ’ the tip of a marijuana branch , where it is more potent and with more sap ( said to be the best part of the leaves ) . ”
We knew with an instant shock of certainty that this was the correct interpretation .
The Eagles , with the prescience given only to true artists , were touting the virtues of high - quality industrial hemp !
And to think some people thought this song was about drugs .
Our suspicions confirmed
This E-mail just in from Eagles management honcho Irving Azoff : “ In response to your [ recent ] memo , in 1976 , during the writing of the song ‘ Hotel California ’ by Messrs .
Henley and Frey , the word `colitas ’ was translated for them by their Mexican - American road manager as ‘ little buds . ’
You have obviously already done the necessary extrapolation .
Thank you for your inquiry . ”
I knew it .
A clarification
Dear Cecil :
Please tell me you were joking when you mentioned the Beatles lyric “ the girl with colitis goes by . ”
You were joking , right ?
You know it ’s “ kaleidoscope eyes . ”
— nancrow
Cecil replies :
Nothing gets by you , Nan .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Beehive Mapping / Mike King
Though Europe thrives , its writers and politicians are preoccupied with death .
The mass killings of European civilians during the 1930s and 1940s are the reference of today ’s confused discussions of memory , and the touchstone of whatever common ethics Europeans may share .
The bureaucracies of Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union turned individual lives into mass death , particular humans into quotas of those to be killed .
The Soviets hid their mass shootings in dark woods and falsified the records of regions in which they had starved people to death ; the Germans had slave laborers dig up the bodies of their Jewish victims and burn them on giant grates .
Historians must , as best we can , cast light into these shadows and account for these people .
This we have not done .
Auschwitz , generally taken to be an adequate or even a final symbol of the evil of mass killing , is in fact only the beginning of knowledge , a hint of the true reckoning with the past still to come .
The very reasons that we know something about Auschwitz warp our understanding of the Holocaust : we know about Auschwitz because there were survivors , and there were survivors because Auschwitz was a labor camp as well as a death factory .
These survivors were largely West European Jews , because Auschwitz is where West European Jews were usually sent .
After World War II , West European Jewish survivors were free to write and publish as they liked , whereas East European Jewish survivors , if caught behind the iron curtain , could not .
In the West , memoirs of the Holocaust could ( although very slowly ) enter into historical writing and public consciousness .
This form of survivors ’ history , of which the works of Primo Levi are the most famous example , only inadequately captures the reality of the mass killing .
The Diary of Anne Frank concerns assimilated European Jewish communities , the Dutch and German , whose tragedy , though horrible , was a very small part of the Holocaust .
By 1943 and 1944 , when most of the killing of West European Jews took place , the Holocaust was in considerable measure complete .
Two thirds of the Jews who would be killed during the war were already dead by the end of 1942 .
The main victims , the Polish and Soviet Jews , had been killed by bullets fired over death pits or by carbon monoxide from internal combustion engines pumped into gas chambers at Treblinka , Bełzec , and Sobibór in occupied Poland .
Auschwitz as symbol of the Holocaust excludes those who were at the center of the historical event .
The largest group of Holocaust victims — religiously Orthodox and Yiddish - speaking Jews of Poland , or , in the slightly contemptuous German term , Ostjuden — were culturally alien from West Europeans , including West European Jews .
To some degree , they continue to be marginalized from the memory of the Holocaust .
The death facility Auschwitz - Birkenau was constructed on territories that are today in Poland , although at the time …
ONE OF THE rumors floating around Computex involves a pretty little Asus ‘ Smartbook ’ based on the Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and it ’s mid-show disappearance .
The story , as we are told , is that one day it was there , the next it was not , and almost no one would say why .
The smartbook itself is a cute little number , one of the nicer ones at the show .
You can get a good idea about the device from the Tweaktown writeup here .
It is based on a 1GHz Snapdragon ( ARM based ) CPU , runs Android , and is quite a cute little beastie .
On top of that it is light , probably does n’t have or need air vents and fans , and should be an adequate little surfing pad .
Toss in that it does n’t have the Windows tax in either sense , and you have a very inexpensive machine .
If you do n’t run Windows , you save the $ 15 - 200 price up front , quite big deal on a $ 199ish machine .
The other tax is that Windows is a proverbial DRM infested pig , it needs more CPU , memory and storage just to boot to a desktop .
This means that the bill of materials ( BoM ) is far higher if you saddle a computer with The Broken OS .
A cheap , light , and functional machine is what everyone wants , and it is exactly what MS can’t deliver .
OK , we all know about Midori and the ARM port to devices , but that is a year or nine off , so what is a company like MS to do ?
They do n’t have anything people want , so they have to force things onto an unwilling market .
That brings us back to the Asus and what was billed as the best netbook / smartbook of the show .
You have a company that kicked off the netbook craze two years ago with the Eee , an OS that is not only MS free , but Linux based as well , and a chipmaker that actually delivers product .
The buzz was growing at Computex , and that would create a PR disaster for MS .
So it went away .
No really , it went * POOF * in the middle of the show .
No explanation , no excuses , just that it was there one day , and gone the next .
PR disaster averted for Redmond , phew .
So what do you do if you are a fading convicted monopolist with a toolbox full of hammers but no product ?
The story as we heard it is that the ‘ nice ’ folk at MS called the nice folk at Asus , sans quotes around the second nice , and ‘ nicely ’ suggested that they really did n’t want to show one of the best devices of Computex at Computex .
Asus meekly complied , and the device went poof .
We have n’t been able to directly confirm this with Asus or Qualcomm , but given the number of people who told us the same story and what their positions are , we have no doubt that it did happen .
When MS sees competition , they step on it .
Luckily , Redmond is more than wealthy enough to buy their way around laws , so there will likely be no repercussions from this .
The question at this point is not whether or not the MS phone call happened , we firmly believe that it did , but where things go from here .
Will MS buy off or threaten Asus into killing the device for good ?
If you do n’t see this or very similar products on the market soon , at least you know what happened .
S|A
In his book The Family , Jeff Sharlet has done a masterful job of exposing the machinations of the of shadowy evangelical group known variously as “ The Fellowship , ” or “ The Family , ” ( or , most recently , “ those nuts from Congress living in a far - right commune on C Street who counsel wayward congressmen regarding adultery . ” )
Recently , Rachel Maddow has helped bring the whole issue of subversive far - right evangelical religion to a wider public ( and gotten some flak for it ) .
But in the light of the Obama presidency — and the rabid right - wing opposition to it — it ’s worth noting that the majority of the lies being told about our president , his programs , and the Democratic Party are originating not just from the right wing but from the evangelical right wing in particular .
Destroying the Credibility of Faith
I grew up as the son of Francis Schaeffer , the spiritual father to just about all the people in the news connected with the evangelical right .
My father is the man who inspired evangelicals to get involved in politics .
Today ’s leading anti-gay activists , Obama - haters like Charles Colson and Dobson , publications like World Magazine , and others like the late Jerry Falwell got into far - right evangelical - inspired politics because of Dad ’s theology of “ taking back ” America for Jesus .
( I describe this series of events at greater length here . )
Without people like Dobson — remember his paranoid lie- filled “ letter ” warning his followers about an Obama presidency ? — the lies now commonly circulated about Obama would n’t have been given traction .
When I check who ’s sending me the most scurrilous email ( Obama is the “ next Hitler , ” he ’s the “ Antichrist , ” etc. ) , I find a lot of it comes from the evangelical right , now the bedrock of the anti-Obama camp .
I ’m a religious person , so they are my enemies too ; the far - right evangelicals are doing more to destroy the credibility of faith than Hitchens and Dawkins could in a lifetime .
Here ’s the thing : the C Street gang and their backers represent only a fraction of the threat to American democracy that right - wing evangelicalism as a whole poses .
Far - right evangelicals do n’t see America as just another country , but as a battleground and springboard for world conquest in the name of Christ .
In that the evangelical left and right agree : from Wallis to Dobson , they all believe that God is on their side ; they may differ on precise issues but they all believe in some form of American exceptionalism .
The reason for this is that intellectually lazy political players of the kind who lead the evangelical movement crave power , or to be close to power , just like the people who run C Street .
These are the same folks who have been putting together the so - called National Prayer Breakfast ; they are the “ professional Christian ” hangers - on running around Washington DC putting together Bible studies and all the rest .
If they were just interested in serving Jesus they would be called to places like Peoria or the East Village once in a while .
But they ’re really only interested in being close to power ; without having to do the hard work to actually run for electoral office or get boring bureaucratic jobs inside the government .
The radical religious right are the ultimate camp followers .
They ’re latching onto government for a free ride while decrying it .
They want to overthrow the present order from the inside in the name of God .
The result is that there are two kinds of far - right evangelicals : the ones who make a public show of their animosity toward the president , accusing him of not being an American citizen , for example .
They even say Obama has a secret plan to kill old people within his health care reform proposals .
The other kind of evangelicals are the sort of people who run outfits like The Fellowship Foundation and the National Prayer Breakfast , and run around speaking at Evangelical colleges , think tanks , law schools and so forth , working to influence government and world affairs directly while bypassing the democratic process .
How to deal with this ?
A few thoughts :
First , all religious organizations should to be taxed in exactly the same way as any other business or individual ; second , full disclosure of candidates ’ ( and elected members of government , as well as government employees ) connections with religious organizations of any kind need to be made ; along with financial disclosures subject to exactly the same kind of tough investigation that candidates ’ tax returns and other financial dealings are subject to .
And last , links among dozens of evangelical organizations and The Fellowship Foundation ( or The Family or whatever you want to call it ) should be made clear .
( There are actually some people on the evangelical “ left ” who are tied to these groups . )
Above all , ordinary Americans — and especially religious people who seek faith rather than power — need to understand that the evangelical right is basically unpatriotic and anti-American .
They feel alienated from the diverse , pluralistic country that America has become , and are working to undermine it both here and abroad .
They resent the system that allowed Obama to succeed , and they worship what they believe is “ God - given ” free - market capitalism .
In effect , the radical right movement in America , having failed at the ballot box to find a successor to their boy in the White House , George W. Bush , is regrouping in the Senate and Congress and working hard to undo the Obama presidency .
The sooner Americans wake up to the fact that what Jeff Sharlet describes in his book is only the tip of the iceberg the better .
The right - wing evangelical enterprise is anti-democratic from top to bottom .
Cross - dressing stand - up comedian Eddie Izzard discusses some of the differences between British and American English .
BRITISH AND AMERICAN ENGLISH RESOURCES
• The American 's guide to speaking British
• American and British English differences ( Wikipedia )
• British vs. American English ( About.com )
Debbie Rowe , the , um , mother ( ? ) for Michael Jackson ’s two oldest kids has agreed to not seek custody .
In exchange she has been assured that legal safeguards will be put in place to ensure the kids are raised in a safe and healthy environment .
I ’m lying of course .
She got 4 million dollars , bringing her total payday to well over 20 .
The New York Post says …
The family is n’t happy about the mega - payout but they consider it a necessary evil , the source said .
“ They felt it was like a ransom - type thing .
[ Rowe ] jumped back into the picture because she wanted money , ” the friend said .
The Jacksons are right to be disgusted by her greed and a desire to profit from Michael ’s death .
Now for no reason at all let ’s jump to the bottom of the article :
Joe Jackson is reportedly pushing his dead son ’s children to form a new group , The Jackson 3 .
But “ that ’s something the family would absolutely not tolerate , ” the source said .
Jacko’s five remaining brothers were filming an A&E pilot for what they hoped would be a reality series about them launching a reunion tour .
While the five initially agreed to be paid a total of between $ 200,000 and $ 300,000 for the pilot , they now want to add footage of Michael ’s funeral into the mix — and boost their take to “ between $ 10 million and $ 20 million , ” the family source said .
Aw these kids are so screwed .
I would sooner leave my kid under water for 30 minutes than alone with the Jacksons .
DECEPTIVE UPDATE – or maybe all that was a lie , according to her lawyers and e! online .
AN APOLOGY TO LAY READERS :
This diary is written to be useful for the security teams at the Exchanges and sell - side brokerages .
Translating this material to jargon - free English is far beyond my abilities .
Zero Hedge and the referenced diaries give the basics .
Again , you have my apology in advance .
-------------------------------------------------
Want to read the future ?
From DKOSer Ezekial :
...GS , through access to the system as a result of their special gov't perks , was / is able to read the data on trades before it 's committed , and place their own buys or sells accordingly in that brief moment , thus allowing them to essentially steal buttloads of money every day from the rest of the punters world .
Two things come out of this :
1 . If true , this should be highly illegal , and would , in any sane country result in something like what happened to Arthur Andersen ... ( 2. ... is way off point .... )
SUMMARY :
Goldman
Sachs may just possibly have used security access codes and built a system to acquire trading information PRIOR to transaction_commit time points at NYSE .
The profitability of this split - second information advantage would have been and could have been extraordinary .
Observed yielding profits at $ 100,000,000 a day .
[ summary to address complaints with respect to complexity . ]
GS has special access inside the system from its status assisting the Working Group on Financial Markets ( colloquially the Plunge Protection Team ) created by Presidential Order two decades ago .
GC also acts as Special Liquidity Provider for NYSE .
With 60 % dominance of NYSE program trading , what 's good for Goldman defines what shows as overall market performance .
Control of to network and server access codes is unclear .
A number of shops run their network and job control operations with UNIX shell scripts .
Bloomberg and Merrill are typical .
Problem with shell scripts is that they get run with superuser credentials -- soon as you have 1000 scripts , everybody gets access to the passwords .
It does n't have to be the " root " user .
Any networking user with access to TCP can grab values from memory .
Here is the most complex system that Mr. Aleynikov worked on .
Strategic Telecom Optimized Routing Machine
Inventors : Sergey Aleynikov
Agents : OBLON , SPIVAK , MCCLELLAND MAIER & NEUSTADT , P.C .
Assignees : IDT Corporation
Origin : ALEXANDRIA , VA US
IPC8 Class : AH04M700FI
USPC Class : 37922101
The patent application is a public document :
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Field of the Invention [ 0001 ]
The routing of calls through telephone networks to achieve least cost or best cost routing can be a complicated process .
In the past , call routes through switches and carriers were decided through a combination of Microsoft Excel spreadsheets using a manual process .
This process entailed dozens of linked Microsoft Excel spreadsheets .
These spreadsheets were difficult to expand , and easily reached maximum capacity .
[ 0002 ]
Additionally , these spreadsheets required the manual input of data across spreadsheets .
Once all the commercial information was inputted into the spreadsheets , an additional three to four hours were required before the updates would actually hit the switches and affect routing .
This delay in routing updates resulted in ineffective cost routing over the network and poor selection of carriers .
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION [ 0003 ]
The strategic telecom optimized routing machine ( STORM ) suite of applications of the present invention provides computer - based call routing and management capabilities that are not constrained by limitations imposed by switch - based routing .
Through the present invention , it is possible to achieve an improved profitability margin for each call , and quicker responses to carrier outages .
STORM routing also more effectively achieves call routing with economic efficiency that satisfies individual customers ' business needs .
[ 0004 ]
To overcome the problem of switches being " unaware of each other , " changes to routing options are no longer made offline and loaded onto the switches .
Rather , the routing function is removed from the switches and placed on a server .
This overcomes limitations in switches , which previously prevented the telecommunications provider from maximizing all possible carrier supplied rates .
[ 0005 ]
Additionally , through the present invention , it is possible to route incoming calls on paths that are tailored to the individual customers ' needs .
It is also possible to change routing parameters based on the time of day ( e.g. , multiple peak and off - peak time periods ) .
Through the present invention routing alterations may hit switches at desired intervals ( e.g. , instantly or after 15 minutes , etc. ) , which enables improved network performance .
Nice telecom system control .
Uses servers -- or cycles at the switches -- to monitor packets in real time .
One big trick is getting this software to run on the distributed assets of the system -- which in turn depends on getting the passwords to the switches , which can be changed daily .
If you 've got a way to get the passwords , the implementation software for this STORM system is perfect for installing programs to capture text streams .
Back a few years ago , Oracle bought a company Triple Hop -- formerly of South Tower WTC -- because they had worked out a solution to this implementation problem .
They did a first - rate job .
Triple
Hop used its access and remote programs to build text indexes at the target systems .
It is more efficient to build - and - move these text indexes than to copy enormous volumes of text to a central server and build the indexes in one place .
Front - end messaging for NYSE is done with small text messages .
FIX Protocol messages are tiny things -- less than a k .
Encryption is optional or nonexistent or easily enough made transparent .
NYSE has any and all access codes involved .
HERE is full text for the Aleynikov patent application .
A quick look at IDT Corporation :
This assignee , originally " International Discount Telecommunications , " shows them as Integrated Technology Corporation of Newark , New Jersey , with tag " IDT " on NYSE .
IDT does phone cards and international call centers .
IDT lost $ 43,000,000 on operations in 2007 .
Stock price has fallen from $ 50 to $ 1.75 over the last 5 years .
Desperation setting in at IDT ?
Stock price hit a bottom at $ 0.72 last December 15th .
There has been no interruption to financing , no pause to this IDT buying assets .
IDT bought Zedge -- a Norwegian comic book publisher serving 11,000,000 online nerd - heads -- and 75 % of American Shale Oil Corporation .
Funny mix .
The offices and call centers spread out worldwide : London , England ; Guadalajara , Mexico ; Jerusalem , Israel ; and San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Nothing in Russia .
In any case , IDT is not in the business of managing large telecom networks , which belong to huge companies .
The telecoms generally do not seek outside help and never run someone else 's non-vendor distributed software on their gear .
( Voids warranties . ) IDT sells phone cards .
The how and why and what of this Mr. Aleynikov hooking up with IDT Corporation remains a mystery .
FIX Protocol , OCX , SWIFT -- messaging , transaction commit_timing and split - second vulnerability .
K.I.S.S .
The flow to carry out financial transactions can be complex at the detail level .
But if we make logical blocks for the different stages , overall patterns have a steady flow .
The Financial Information eXchange ( " FIX " ) Protocol is a series of specifications for the electronic communication of trade - related messages .
ISO 15022 .
FIX is used for NYSE stocks and for the options markets .
FIX can also be used to support fixed - income trading activities for the following fixed income asset classes :
* US Treasury Bonds
* US Corporate Bonds
* Municipal Securities
* Agency Securities
* To - Be-Announced ( TBA ) Mortgage Backed Securities
* Euro Sovereign Bonds
* Euro Corporate Bonds
* US and European Commercial Paper
HERE is the page for the bond markets at FIX Protocol dot org .
Flow can go like this :
-- IoI : Indication of Interest to negotiate a deal .
Similar to Trade Adverts .
States the asset ( by CUSIP number code ) up for bid / offer -- Quote Request -- Quote -- Quote Response -- Execution Report
An IoI can also be published with an Executable tag value .
Trades are executed more or less immediately .
All you need are the Execution Reports .
CUSIPS , quantities , and prices will do it .
These trade events happens out in the front - end , prior to communication of the data to the Exchange .
Messages go through the internet , local networks and sit on middleware application servers , as well as being stored on databases .
FIX and SWIFT are compatible -- the aim of these systems is to make trading efficient , moving to support Straight Through Processing ( STP . )
Access to FIX , OCX or SWIFT messages prior to transaction_commit at the Exchanges would give a player an advantage parallel to seeing an opponent 's cards in a game of poker .
We had always worried about information leakage , as a prospective / in - process deal could be anticipated with a play in the related options market .
A Retail Working Group had this up for discussion , but that Group is now inactive .
The technical Encryption Working Group was replaced by a Global Technical Committee 's Information Security Subcommittee .
Goldman Sachs participates through two individuals in UK : James Bywater and Richard Van Horn .
There is no interface to the U.S. National Threat Assessment Center .
If kossacks are interested in the details , then stocks , options and bonds share overall flow patterns at the simplest aggregation .
The standard usage models are described for an Initiator and a Respondent .
The examples at the FIX Protocol dot org site give you most of what you need .
These systems are used at millions of companies .
" So ... You Guys Want Keys To The Mint ? "
It takes a damn fool to steal money .
That leads to vacation destinations such as Sing Sing and Folsom .
Smart crooks steal either information , itself , or they steal whole books of business .
When Ronald Reagan said that " Government is the problem , " he had no idea how totally wrong he was with respect to federal oversight to keep criminals ' hands off the capital markets .
Reagan 's disciples failed to appreciate what Straight Through Processing efforts were going to bring along -- in terms of opportunities to use computer trading to exploit near - instantaneous advantages in information access .
What is a quant ?
What do they do that makes earlier access to trade information decisive , profitable beyond dreams ?
The market is a system of liquidity providers , who cushion open market trading mechanisms .
One fact , since STP tools arrived , is the fact that the vast majority of transactions in today 's market are in fact high frequency , small block trades that cross between the quant funds and program traders .
Retail and customer driven buy / sell orders are the leasser part of NYSE markets .
Zero Hedge calculated that the S&P was up - ticked by 60 points from this pattern -- as liquidity inflow forced artificially high stock prices .
The key players operate in this is market predator / prey stratum , top rung of multiple split - second traders , from which the big players are Renaissance Technologies Medallion , Goldman Sachs and Global Electronic Trading ( GETCO . )
" Anyone who is doing anything sensible right now is either losing money or is out of the market entirely . "
That 's Durden at Zero Hedge again , doing on - point quoting from a Wall Street trader .
You can't play where the game is rigged .
Bye - bye those 25,600 jobs a month ... and more to come .
( In passing : how 's Hank Paulson doing ? )
What you see for descriptions from a quant is something like this from Global Electronic Trading :
What ’s good for the market is good for GETCO GETCO ’s strategy is to align our business plan with what is best for the marketplace .
We earn our revenues by providing enhanced liquidity and efficiency to electronic financial markets , which in turn results in lower costs for market participants ( e.g. mutual funds , pension funds , and individual investors ) .
In addition to actively trading , we partner with many exchanges and their regulators to increase transparency throughout the industry and to create more efficient means for the transference of financial risk .
... GETCO succeeds because our associates focus on making our team greater than the sum of its parts .
We work to maximize one another ’s opportunities to contribute and to ensure the best ideas rise to the top .
We live by core values that include cultivating a low - ego environment , practicing mental flexibility , frequently engaging in vigorous debate and treating everyone with respect .
Sure .
I 'll trust that .
Dr. Phil in on Channel 7 , too .
Goldman doubled quant market share .
Increased profitability of the quant unit so that it was carrying the whole company , couple months back .
Mr. Aleynikov , the charged ???
They want us to think that he was just some doofus , who played with the GS network .
A $ 400,000 a year version of the nerd - spokesperson cell phone guy in television ads .
( The bland one who shows up all over the damn place with 5 - bar signals and his 1,000 - employee network support crew . )
Sure .
Trust that .
And Governor Palin is always sober , never dropped a diet pill faux - amphetamine in her life ....
BTW : Zero Hedge has careful statistical analysis of what is going on .
Bottom line is a 6 - sigma proof of distortion .
The " why " and " how " of the distortion is what goes outside the NY Times - printed claim that GS developed a super - math engine .
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/...
ABTW : Matt Taibbi is another wet - behind - the - ears optimist .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The rising numbers of swine flu cases mean trying to contain the virus is no longer an option , the government says .
Ministers said the emergency response would now move to a new " treatment " phase across the UK as there may soon be 100,000 new cases a day .
It means anti-flu drugs will no longer be given to the close contacts of those infected nor will lab testing be done to confirm cases .
The move has been made to relieve the pressure on the health service .
The announcement , which comes into effect immediately , has long been expected .
It does not mean the pandemic virus is becoming more deadly , just that it can no longer be contained .
WHAT DOES NEW PHASE MEAN ?
The so - called treatment phase is effectively an acknowledgement that the virus can no longer be contained Many people reporting symptoms will no longer be tested to relieve the pressure on the health service Instead , if they have uncomplicated symptoms drugs will be arranged for them and they will be told to stay at home GPs have been given the discretion not to prescribe anti-flu drugs
Swine flu vaccine in Europe
When people are displaying symptoms , they should contact the NHS by phone , the government said .
If doctors believe the person is suffering from swine flu they will be told to stay at home and be given a voucher which a friend or family member can take to a drug collection point , such as a pharmacy .
But GPs will have the discretion not to prescribe anti-viral drugs .
Some experts believe the drugs should just be targeted at the most vulnerable as the virus is quite mild and overuse can lead to resistance .
Ministers rejected this option , but said doctors may want to limit use in certain situations such as where patients are suffering milder symptoms .
The need for lab testing had already been lifted in several hotspots , such as London and Glasgow .
But the rest of the UK had been operating a containment strategy , which meant cases had to be confirmed and drugs were also offered to close contacts in a bid to prevent flu developing .
It also led the closure of several schools .
This will still be an option under the new phase , but shut downs will not be routine .
Andy Burnham , the health secretary in England , said : " The national focus will be on treating the increasing numbers affected by swine flu .
" Cases are doubling every week and on this trend we could see over 100,000 cases per day by the end of August . "
' Worthwhile '
But he said the attempts to contain the virus had been worthwhile .
" Our efforts during the containment phase have given us precious time to learn more about the virus . "
I should stress that this is not a sign that the virus is getting more virulent .
It is an admission that the spread of the virus can no longer be contained
Fergus Walsh
BBC medical correspondent
Read Fergus 's blog in full
He confirmed vaccines should be available from next month , with 60 m doses available by the end of this year .- enough for 30 m people .
Enough vaccine to cover the whole UK population is in order .
Scottish Health Secretary Nicola Sturgeon announced similar changes to the flu strategy at a simultaneous briefing in Edinburgh .
She said : " We 've always said it would be impossible to limit the spread of what is a contagious virus indefinitely . "
There have been more than 7,000 confirmed cases in the UK since the first outbreak in April .
In England , 458 more cases were reported on Thursday .
Three people have died , but all had underlying health problems .
However , it is thought there will have been a number of people who did not get a formal diagnosis because their symptoms were so mild .
Both the Tories and the Liberal Democrats backed the move to the new phase but both parties expressed concerns that not all parts of the government 's pandemic plan - including the dedicated flu helpline - were in place .
The announcement comes as a survey by London 's Institute of Psychiatry finds the public 's response to swine flu has been " muted " .
A poll of 1,000 adults , published online by the British Medical Journal , found only 24 % were anxious about the outbreak with only 2 % reporting " high anxiety " .
Three quarters said they had not changed the frequency with which they washed their hands , despite this being one of the core messages of the public health campaign .
However the researchers say their findings suggest it is better to keep the public as informed as possible in order to maximise the chance they will make changes to their behaviour .
What do you think ?
Read some of your comments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Remember the fairy tale about AIG being an otherwise healthy insurance company that just got a little crazy selling credit default swaps ?
Well , it 's time to put that one to rest .
The New York Times has reviewed state regulatory filings and discovered that " AIG 's individual insurance companies have been doing an unusual volume of business with each other for many years — investing in each other ’s stocks ; borrowing from each other ’s investment portfolios ; and guaranteeing each other ’s insurance policies , even when they have lacked the means to make good .
Insurance examiners working for the states have occasionally flagged these activities , to little effect . "
" More ominously , many of A.I.G. ’s insurance companies have reduced their own exposure by sending their risks to other companies , often under the same A.I.G. umbrella , " the NYT reports .
Regulators have been turning a blind eye to this sort of thing because they are worried about putting the taxpayer investment in AIG at risk .
Read that again : we invested billions in AIG and now we can't properly regulate it without putting that investment at risk .
It 's a brand new type of regulatory capture .
Great work , team .
Whether you 're looking for oceanfront homes for the best spot on the beach , pet - friendly homes to include your furry family member in your vacation , or a home with a pool , we 've made it easy to find the best vacation rental for your needs .
On Friday , Rep. Peters introduced a new bill , ( H. Res. 230 ) , to carry the Read the Bill mantle .
The bill would require all legislation that has n’t been reported out of committee to be posted online for at least 72 hours .
The measure , also cosponsored by Reps Quigley and Polis , comes on the heels of the new House Rules for the 112th Congress , which require three calendar days for legislation .
This rules change ( from this January ) was a significant improvement over what came before , even if there are many avenues for evading a full , 72 hour public airing of legislation .
Dr. Adrian Gibbs , a Canberra , Australia - based virologist with more than 200 scientific publications to his credit , said that over the weekend he submitted his latest work on the swine flu to a prominent scientific journal , and is awaiting a response .
Gibbs , 75 , was part of a team that developed the antiviral drug Tamiflu .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Back in April , when the first cases of swine flu were diagnosed in Mexico , Gibbs examined the genetic structure of the virus that had been posted on a public database .
His analysis led him to speculate that the virus may have been the result of a laboratory error .
He contacted the Geneva , Switzerland - based World Health Organization with his conjecture , and scientists there scrutinized his findings , concluding , however , that the virus was most likely a product of nature .
In a series of email exchanges with Peter 's New York , Gibbs said he was not satisfied with the WHO 's critique , indicating that the basis for it was ambiguous .
" The WHO stated that they had no evidence to support my suggestion , " Gibbs said .
" They made a very fair statement .
However the principle reason for my conclusion remains - that none of the genes of the new virus had been sampled / found / caused epidemics since at least 2000 , despite probably coming from at least two different parents on two continents , where other strains had been sampled . "
Gibbs said that might have been a coincidence , but the unusual placement of the virus on what what virologists call phylogenetic trees - a sort of schematic family history of the virus -- also peeked his interest .
On top of that , Gibbs observed that there was a lack of evidence that pig populations in North America , from which the virus is believed to have emerged , had been infected .
Only the pigs on one farm in Canada have as yet been shown to have contracted the virus .
It has been established , said Gibbs , that swine easily contract the new flu from humans , and spread it among themselves .
The absence of infection in the North American swine , Gibbs noted , may be evidence that the swine had already contracted the disease and built up immunity , or that they were vaccinated against viruses that resembled the novel swine flu closely enough for them to have been protected against it .
Gibbs said the one Canadian herd that came down with the novel swine flu had not been inoculated , and that the evidence therefore leans toward inoculation as the reason North American pigs are disease free .
That , in turn , would support a theory , according to Gibbs , that " the virus in the vaccine may be the immediate progenitor of the new human virus . "
Gibbs said he would have been more satisfied if scientists at the WHO had examined the lists of all the vaccines licensed for production in the United States and Mexico and determined that none of them harbored strains from which the swine flu could have descended .
He said he had been unable to locate such lists to make the determination himself .
Gibbs spells out fairly clearly how he thinks the new virus might have emerged due to a laboratory error .
In manufacturing a vaccine , each of the viruses to be protected against must first be bred and then sterilized to prevent their further multiplication .
When a subject is inoculated , the body reacts to the " killed " viral fragments and produces antibodies that provide protection against the live virus .
Gibbs said that if the sterilization process was not carried out properly , pigs could end up being given live viruses , and instead of being protected , would contract the disease .
The live viruses would then have a chance to multiply and exchange genetic material within the infected pig in a process known as reassortment , and a new virus could emerge and spread to humans as a " swine flu . "
The study of viruses is overlaid with a complex nomenclature and labyrinthine concepts and arguments in the field of genetics that are unfamiliar to the average layman .
But the implications are far reaching , a fact not lost on the general public or on Gibbs .
Early this year , the Deerfield , Ill. based drug firm Baxter International Inc. shipped experimental vaccines for human flu that were contaminated with the bird flu .
The cocktail of influenzas , if it had not been discovered by alert laboratory specialists in the Czech Republic in February , could have been administered to subjects , after which , some experts feared , the two viruses could have undergone reassortment , producing a new virus that possessed the lethality of bird flu and the communicability of human flu .
Bird flu is a deadly disease that kills close to half its victims , but resists spread from human to human .
Human flu , on the other hand , is far more benign , but is easily spread through human contact .
A recombined virus with the characteristics of each of the two could conceivably wipe out almost half the world 's population .
Gibbs steers clear of elaborate intrigues that some believe are behind the new flu's emergence .
" Whenever I 've thought something has resulted from a conspiracy , it usually turns out to be from a ' co * k - up , ' " he said .
The importance of establishing whether or not the flu emerged from a laboratory , he emphasized , is " to try to avoid a recurrence . "
He did admit , however , that there was a definite risk to the public of escaping pathogens held in government and private facilities .
" There are many historical precedents that are conveniently forgotten , " said Gibbs .
" The recent Baxter incident seems to have been one . "
" The reappearance in 1977 of the H1N1 ( virus ) last seen in 1950 after a period of non-evolution , " which he speculated could represent " suspended animation in a freezer , " was another instance in which pathogens might have escaped from a laboratory .
Gibbs also cited the escape of foot - and - mouth disease from a British government laboratory facility in 2007 .
Asked if the resurrection of the viral agent for the deadly 1918 " Spanish " flu , which was reconstituted in 2005 by scientists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for research purposes , was a safe proposition , he answered , " No , definitely not . "
" It 's exactly the same principle as should apply to all high security labs , " said Gibbs .
" If it ai n't ' there ' it can't get out , whereas if it is , then there is always the possibility , however remote , that it might get out . "
The 1918 flu , which spread to every corner of the globe in the two years immediately following World War I , had a rate of lethality some 30 to 50 times greater than other strains of human flu .
Tens of millions of people died in the pandemic worldwide .
While some aspects of his presentation have been updated , Gibbs said his basic premise remains unchanged , and has , in fact , been reinforced by recent additions to the scientific literature .
And while the WHO gave the appearance of having put the final nail in the coffin of Gibbs 's theory , in a rare show of scientific honesty for a public institution , it affixed the lid rather loosely , leaving itself room to revisit Gibbs 's hypothesis once it is published .
In the mid-May press conference in which the WHO addressed Gibbs 's analysis , which by that time has spread far and wide throughout the mainstream media , Assistant Director Keiji Fukuda praised the virologist who had contributed to the field for more than fifty years of professional work , calling Gibbs " a credible scientist , a credible virologist . "
In answer to a reporter 's question about whether Gibbs 's theory had been refuted , Fukuda said : " I think that it is fair to say that in the world of science , nothing is ever totally excluded , nothing is ever ended . "
On the issue of whether Gibbs 's theory may actually prove true or not , he said : " We feel very comfortable based on the analyses which have been done , based on the rigor in which it has been looked at , that we are not dealing with a laboratory - created virus .
However , I do not expect that the debate itself will stop . "
The world awaits Gibbs 's response .
Online advertising revenues have fallen
Asked about a possible recession early in 2008 , IDC analyst Karsten Weide said , “ We think there will be some effect on advertising spending overall , but online ad spending will almost be unaffected - even if there ’s a depression . ”
What a difference a year makes .
According to the Interactive Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) and PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) , total online advertising revenues in Q1 2009 fell to $ 5.48 billion , down 10 % from the previous quarter and down 5 % from Q1 2008 .
That snaps a growth streak that started in Q2 2008 and is the first negative year - over - year rate since 2002 .
David Silverman of PwC , playing matters down , said , “ Current economic conditions are clearly challenging . ”
Online advertising had been relatively unaffected by the downturn , partly because it used to be considered experimental , but it is now an essential part of the media mix for many advertisers .
“ In some ways the decline further reinforces how online ad spending is a central part of the mainstream , ” said David Hallerman , eMarketer senior analyst .
“ As other media are experiencing even greater ad spending declines , the Internet cannot resist larger economic forces . ”
Backing up Mr. Hallerman ’s thesis , Nielsen Co. figures show how widespread the ad decline has been .
Nielsen puts the Q1 Internet display advertising decline at only 3.4 % .
Still , many pundits thought that digital advertising would not dip into negative growth because it was less expensive and offered more measurability than traditional media channels .
But when companies do n’t have money to spend , it does n’t matter how attractive an offering is .
“ The Q1 results from the IAB and PwC came in lower than eMarketer expected , ” said Mr. Hallerman .
“ Whether the new numbers are an indicator for spending trends through the rest of the year , however , will not be clear for several months . ”
If spending stays relatively flat from Q1 on , the online sector would see total 2009 spending of around $ 22 billion , lower than even most bearish estimates back in 2008 .
“ We ’re confident that growth will resume as the US economic climate improves , ” said IAB President Randall Rothenberg .
Until then , online advertising will continue to struggle .
Via emarketer
How to Defrost Chicken Safely
PSA : You should never thaw your chicken by leaving it out on the counter .
At the beginning of last month , Question Time saw the following exchange in the House :
Hon Phil Goff :
What analysis did Treasury do on the cost - effectiveness of the national cycleway scheme in producing jobs , and is he prepared to provide the Treasury analysis , oral and written , to members of this Parliament ; if not , why not ?
Hon JOHN KEY : Rigorous analysis was done .
The response to the question was only " that rigorous analysis had been done " , and not that this analysis was by Treasury , or that it was a cost - effectiveness analysis .
As stated in Clause 3 of the Executive Summary of the Cabinet paper provided in response to your previous request of 14 may 2009 , the objective is to develop a series of ' Great Rides ' .
The actual development of a joined up network is part of a long term vision and may be achieved through branding supported by signage .
Consequently , no economic analysis has been undertaken for a continuous ' national cycleway ' .
Based on a previous OIA response showing a complete absence of any cost - benefit analysis on the cycleway project , I called bullshit - and sent away another OIA request for the " rigorous analysis " the Prime Minister was referring to so I could prove it .
The response to that request arrived on Saturday .
I had expected it to contain either some new analysis , or nothing .
I hadexpected it to open with a candid admission of guilt from the Prime Minister 's Chief of Staff [ PDF ] :( Emphasis and link added )
So , it turns out that the correct answer to Phil Goff 's question was in fact " none " .
But that answer would have looked bad for the Prime Minister and his pet project , so instead of admitting it , he responded in a way designed to give the impression that a ) there had been a cost - benefit analysis ; and b ) that analysis was performed by Treasury - both of which are false ( and it is unthinkable that Key would not know that to be so unless he is a total lightweight who does not pay attention even to his own pet project ) .
In short , he lied .
But while you can get away with that in the business world , when you do it in Parliament it is called " misleading the House " .
And it is a very serious contempt of Parliament .
This is where Key 's government by spin gets us : casual lies , and contempt both for Parliament , and its function of overseeing the executive .
Unfortunately , from the discussion here , it looks unlikely that Key will face formal sanction for this .
According to Standing Orders , a complaint of breach of privilege must be laid " at the earliest opportunity " , and before the next sitting of the House .
When it takes 20 working days to OIA the evidence , then Ministers can effectively lie with impunity .
But if they can't be held to account in the House , they can at least be held to account in the court of public opinion .
John Key lied to Parliament .
And we should remember that every time he opens his mouth there .
Update ( 04/08/09 ) : This OIA has now led to a complaint of breach of privilege against the Prime Minister .
It will be fascinating to see where it goes .
En 2005 , el gobierno de Tailandia adhirió un tercer sexo a los pasaportes de sus ciudadanos : E , de Eunuco ; En la India , hay una tradición milenaria por los Hidrja , que son hombres vestidos de mujer
Gays , lesbianas , bisexuales y transexuales celebran hoy el día del orgullo gay , desconocedores en muchos casos de que en otras partes del mundo como en la India o Tailandia existe un tercer sexo , reconocido socialmente e incluso a veces por la ley .
El tercer sexo incluye a personas que no se consideran ni hombres ni mujeres , sino pertenecientes a un sexo intermedio .
" La homosexualidad es un paraguas muy grande bajo el cual se encuentran no uno , ni dos , sino tres sexos distintos " , explicó a Vijai R. Nair , vicepresidente de la organización india Udaan Trust que defiende los derechos del tercer sexo en Bombay .
En marzo de 2005 el tercer sexo fue añadido como categoría sexual en el registro de pasaportes de la India , al añadirse la categoría E , de Eunuco junto con la F ( femenino ) y M ( masculino ) .
En la india los ' hijra ' ( palabra en urdu que significa hermafrodita ) son hombres vestidos de mujer que se relacionan con otros hombres o con otros hijras .
La tradición hijra tiene miles de años de antigüedad y está presente en los escritos sagrados de la religión hinduista .
Otro representante de Udaan Trust , Akshey Kumar , indicó que son una minoría social muy fácilmente identificable : " tienen un dialecto y costumbres propias en la que todos sus miembros son musulmanes , a pesar de que muchos se dedican a la prostitución o a la brujería para subsistir .
Muchos de ellos están castrados : los eunucos " .
Según anunciaba el jueves el Tribunal Superior de Nueva Delhi ( TSD ) la homosexualidad ya no está criminalizada en la India , un paso adelante para la integración del tercer sexo , más aceptado en países budistas como Tailandia .
Los Kathoey en Tailandia son biológicamente hombres , pero se consideran a sí mismos mujeres atrapadas en un cuerpo que no es el suyo .
La religión budista , basada en la tolerancia , hace posible que los Kathoey sean respetados en la sociedad tailandesa como un sexo a parte .
Su transformación comienza en la niñez , antes de convertirse en adolescentes .
En Occidente , el concepto ' tercer sexo ' está atribuido a la transexualidad , a un cambio de un genero a otro ( de masculino a femenino o viceversa ) .
" En sociedades más ' modernizadas ' se impone una bipolaridad sexual que no existe .
Pensamos que estamos más avanzados pero estamos demasiado condicionados al concebir el género como algo meramente biológico y no como algo social " , afirmó Beatriz Espejo , fundadora del colectivo de transexuales de Cataluña .
Esta metamorfosis sexual intermedia que desafía las leyes del xx y el xy está latente en muchos otros lugares .
En algunas regiones del sur de México existen los muxe ( término proveniente de la palabra española mujer ) , personas nacidas con un sexo masculino que adquieren un aspecto de mujer y suelen emparejarse con otros hombres y formar familias .
" Al no tener una sexualidad definida , aquellos considerados como tercer sexo asumen el papel de madre , padre , esposa o esposo independientemente de su sexo biológico , a menudo alternando roles " , precisa Vijay R. Nair Muchos recurren a operaciones de cirugía estética , pero no con el deseo de cambiar de sexo a uno masculino o femenino , sino con la intención de manifestar físicamente una identidad definida por un sexo diferente .
El concepto del tercer sexo también aparece en la historia de la antigua Grecia a través del mito de Hermafrodito ( hijo de Afrodita y Hermes ) en el cual Salmacis , el espíritu de un lago , obsesionada con la belleza de Hermafrofito se abrazó a él y pidió a los dioses que los fusionaran a ambos , creando así un individuo de doble sexo .
En las poblaciones de indios americanos de Estados Unidos , los berdache , o dos espíritus , afirman poseer el espíritu masculino y el femenino simultáneamente .
En las culturas samoana , filipina y polinesia algunas familias educan a sus hijos para convertirlos en miembros del tercer sexo desde que son niños .
Así se demuestra que hay personas con poderes camaleónicos capaces de metamorfosearse y crear un sexo nuevo , libres de los estereotipos que definen muchas de las sociedades actuales .
Peter , un af ' afafine - el tercer sexo samoano- , explica en un testamento que publica la Associación Affafine de Samoana ( Samoa Faafafine Association ) que su vida se asemeja a la de una mariposa : " empecé mi vida como una versión afeminada de un niño enfermo sólo para más tarde transformarme en un precioso af ' fafine " .
isv
Pin-up girl :
The teenage model whose body is held together by 11 rods after 70 mph car crash
Pin-up girl : Katrina Burgess is held together by 11 metal rods after a horrific car crash .
She has since been signed up to a modelling agency
With her slender figure , fresh face and long , glossy hair , Katrina Burgess has all the attributes of the aspiring model that she is .
But behind the facade of normality is a story of agony and extraordinary fortitude .
Katrina , 17 , was told by doctors she may never walk again after surviving a 70 mph car crash with a broken neck and back , and a catalogue of other injuries .
But after being put back together with 11 metal rods and enough pins and screws to send an airport security detector into overdrive , Katrina has now been signed up by a modelling agency .
Yesterday she told how surgeons saved her life after her car left the M5 and crashed into a ditch as she travelled towards her home town of Weymouth , Dorset , in January .
She snapped her back , punctured both lungs and broke her neck , her pelvis , her left leg and several ribs .
Surgeons at Musgrove Park Hospital in Taunton , Somerset , said that without surgery to help the bones to fuse , her spinal injuries in particular could deteriorate , risking death .
But the procedure also carried a chance that Katrina could die , or be left paralysed .
She said : ‘ I was really scared about the surgery , but I did n’t have any other option .
Without the pins I would n’t have any life at all . ’
Doctors inserted a rod from her hip to her knee in her left leg the day after she was admitted to hospital .
It was secured inside with four titanium pins .
The most risky operation came a week later .
They sliced open her back and inserted six more horizontal rods up the length of her back to support her spine .
A week after that , they inserted a titanium screw to the top of her spine to support the break in her fragile neck .
Katrina said :
‘ It felt strange when I woke up after having it , my neck felt weird and I could n’t sit in certain positions .
‘ But I was so relieved when I could feel my legs .
' Just a day after the last operation I stood up and then took my first steps straight away .
Lucky to be alive : Katrina shows the scar on her back from surgery that involved inserting metal rods into her spine Katrina has signed to a model agency just five months after this horrific car crash
‘ It was a great feeling being able to walk after three weeks in bed . ’
Astonishingly , five months on from the crash , the teenager has recovered to the point where she no longer even needs painkillers .
Katrina , whose 43 - year - old parents Sarah - Jayne and Michael are divorced , will need a series of follow - up checks to make sure the bones are healing , but is otherwise in good health .
She had hoped to become a police officer , but her injuries mean she will struggle to fulfil the fitness criteria so she is considering a career in nursing .
Miraculous :
This X - ray shows one of the pins in Katrina 's spine
In the meantime , she is looking forward to starting working for BASE models , a London agency which approached her after seeing her pictured in a local newspaper report of her accident and recovery .
Sarah Hawkins , head booker at the firm , said : ‘ Katrina is very fresh faced and she will work well for our family and teenage jobs .
' We will be keeping her on our books for any upcoming jobs in the area . ’
US Stocks Gain On Report Of Pending Home Sales . . .
Pending Home Sales Rise the Most in Over Seven Years . . .
Consumer Confidence Spurs Broad Gain . . .
You see the same bullshit headlines churned out everywhere you turn .
Yes sir , we ’re supposed to believe the recession is over , recovery is underway and prosperity is just around the corner .
We need to go out and fulfill our patriotic duty , which means buying things , preferably houses .
That ’s what smart investors would do , we ’re told .
And judging by the polls , Americans are starting to believe it .
Contrary to just about every single economic metric — rising unemployment , rising credit card debt , falling production , spiraling real estate values — people are optimistic .
The recession is yesterday ’s news , everyone ’s moved on .
People are actually believing the hype and getting into real estate again .
And anyway , how the hell can we talk about real estate when America is torturing people and still not closing Guantanemo !
Well , the real estate industry is fine with us not paying attention .
Because it has a dirty little secret that shows just how fucked our economy really is , and how insolvent they really are .
In reality this McMansion is worth $ 30,000
If you , like me , live in a foreclosure - ridden area , it is n’t very hard to notice that the real estate optimism of you hear in the news just does not match reality .
Take Victorville , my new adopted home .
There are a total of about 30,000 single - family homes in Victorville .
As of today , 4,590 of them are for listed sale in the general area ( 3,500 of them are foreclosures ) .
The average listing price is $ 150,000 , but most of them sell for half that .
There ’s a 3 bedroom / 3 bathroom McMansion just around the corner from my own that sold for $ 75,000 a month ago .
The house cost $ 249,500 when it was built in 2004 and sold to some sucker for $ 338,500 at the peak of the boom in 2006 .
Three years later it was worth $ 125,000 — half of its original price — and now belonged to the bank , which was happy to cut the price by another 50 % just to get rid of it .
Houses sell so poorly , that real estate Web sites do n’t bother listing “ days the on market ” metric .
The Rise and Fall of Victorville ’s Real Estate
Pretty grim , right ?
Actually , it ’s much worse .
See , the weird thing about Victorville is that while 1 in 4 houses are vacant , and obviously have been for quite some time ( just judging by the dilapidated state of the empty houses ) , very few of these empty houses are on the market for sale .
Walking around my neighborhood , you rarely see a For Sale sign .
There ’s a foreclosure property up the street from me that has been prepped for long - term storage by its bank , with a notice posted on the living room window warning that the house ’s pipes are filled with antifreeze so that they wo n’t burst when the temperature starts plummeting to zero in the wintertime , as it does here in the high desert .
Fact is , banks all across the nation are keeping foreclosed properties off the market .
They ’re doing it on purpose , to fudge the statistics and make it seem like everything ’s alright .
The San Francisco Chronicle :
Lenders nationwide are sitting on hundreds of thousands of foreclosed homes that they have not resold or listed for sale , according to numerous data sources .
And foreclosures , which banks unload at fire - sale prices , are a major factor driving home values down .
“ We believe there are in the neighborhood of 600,000 properties nationwide that banks have repossessed but not put on the market , ” said Rick Sharga , vice president of RealtyTrac , which compiles nationwide statistics on foreclosures .
“ California probably represents 80,000 of those homes .
It could be disastrous if the banks suddenly flooded the market with those distressed properties .
You ’d have further depreciation and carnage . ”
In a recent study , Realty Trac compared its database of bank - repossessed homes to MLS listings of for - sale homes in four states , including California .
It found a significant disparity – only 30 percent of the foreclosures were listed for sale in the Multiple Listing Service .
The remainder is known in the industry as “ shadow inventory . ”
The number of foreclosures is not going to decrease any time soon .
Sean O’Toole , Founder and CEO of ForeclosureRadar.com , told me that out of the 9 million mortgages in California , 2 to 3 million are upside down , which means their houses are worth less than what they owe on the bank .
On top of that , anywhere from 700,000 to 900,000 households have stopped making payments and somewhere around 250,000 are scheduled to be foreclosed .
This adds up to a staggering number : a total of 3 to 5 million homes , one quarter of the 12 million households in California , are going to flood the market very soon .
Nationwide , there is a two - year supply of unsold homes , twice what official statistics estimate .
To put it simply : banks are limiting supply in order to keep inflating the bubble .
Keeping properties off the market makes sense for two reasons : it allows banks to engage in another round of brazen ripoffs by selling at least some of their properties at artificially high prices to a new wave of sucker investors ( many of which are first - time home buyers ) .
But more importantly , it allows the banks to avoid recording a loss on their balance sheets , making them look more profitable then they really are
It looks like the banks are all in on this racket together .
Earlier this year , the industry had accounting rules changed to make this kind of market manipulation possible ( meaning , profitable . )
That ’s what those new “ mark - to - model ” accounting rules back in April were all about .
Instead of having the market determine prices , the changes allowed banks to value their assets based on a future projected worth to be determined by the banks themselves .
The change was pushed through with an aggressive lobbying campaign by the financial industry .
For a measly $ 30 million in lobby fees , banks inflated their worth by tens of billions of dollars , instantly .
Wells Fargo said the change boosted its capital by $ 4.4 billion in the fist quarter .
In the second quarter , it is expected to increase banks ’ earnings by an average of 7 % .
It might be legal now , but it ’s still fraud and flagrant market manipulation .
Here ’s an account by the WSJ of how it went down :
The rules had required banks , securities firms and insurers to use market prices to help assign values to mortgage securities and other assets that do n’t trade on exchanges — to “ mark to market . ”
But when markets went haywire last fall , financial firms complained that the rules forced them to slash the value of many assets based on fire - sale prices .
That contributed to big losses that depleted their capital and left several of the nation ’s largest firms on the brink of failure .
Earlier this year , financial - services organizations put their lobbyists on the case .
Thirty - one financial firms and trade groups formed a coalition and spent $ 27.6 million in the first quarter lobbying Washington about the rule and other issues , according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of public filings .
They also directed campaign contributions totaling $ 286,000 to legislators on a key committee , many of whom pushed for the rule change , the filings indicate .
Rep. Paul Kanjorski , a Pennsylvania Democrat who heads the House Financial Services subcommittee that pressed for the accounting change , received $ 18,500 from coalition members in the first quarter , the second - highest total among committee members , according to Federal Election Commission records .
Over the past two years , Mr. Kanjorski received $ 704,000 in contributions from banking and insurance firms , the third - highest total among members of Congress , according to the FEC and the Center for Responsive Politics .
The one obvious connection that is not being made is that this change in accounting , linked up with the shadow real estate inventory , is the shady base supporting our entire economy .
Without the new rules , banks would n’t be able to pad their books in order to appear profitable .
And without fudging the numbers , banks would never pass Geithner ’s “ stress test ” or ever hope to to appear even slightly solvent .
It ’s a twisted sort of logic , but it ’s legal .
It ’s also very frightening .
To think that all these empty homes I see around me are what ’s keeping the US economy from total meltdown …
If they had For Sale signs on them , the economy would tank even further .
For now , these zombie homes do n’t officially exist .
Ai n’t the free market great ?
Case By Kevin Wolf , AP AOL founder is " sorry " for Time Warner merger NEW YORK ( Reuters )  Steve Case , co-founder of the one - time biggest online service AOL , apologized for the company 's merger with media conglomerate Time Warner ( TWX ) in an interview with journalist Charlie Rose .
In the interview broadcast on Friday , Case , who was shoved aside as chairman in 2003 and who left the board entirely in 2005 , said , " Yes , I 'm sorry I did it , " referring to the 2001 merger of Time Warner and AOL .
The deal , known as one of the worst corporate mergers in history , destroyed approximately $ 200 billion in shareholder value .
Last October , Case argued in a Washington Post article that AOL should be split from Time Warner , echoing sentiments shared by billionaire investor Carl Icahn , who earlier this year sought to break up the world 's largest media company to boost shareholder value .
Although Case called the deal 's aftermath a " disappointment , " he said he still believed it was " a good idea , " according to the interview with Rose .
" I 'm disappointed and frustrated that it has n't developed in the way that we all hoped at the time it could , " Case told Rose .
Time Warner is expected to discuss a new strategy for AOL on Aug. 2 , after it reports its second - quarter financial statement .
Sources have said the company is exploring a plan to give away AOL services for free to users who already have Internet connection but it does not plan to give away dial - up Internet service .
Copyright 2006 Reuters Limited .
Click for Restrictions .
