I would encourage everybody to read this excellent article , which was written by by Jason Leopold and posted on The Public Record.com on April 21st
" To take one example , there was a court - martial addressing the practice of waterboarding from 1903 , a state court case from the Twenties , a series of prosecutions at the [ post - World War II ] Tokyo Tribunal ( in many of which the death penalty was sought ) and another court - martial in 1968 , " Horton said .
" These precedents could have been revealed in just a few minutes of computerized research using the right search engines .
It 's hard to imagine that Yoo and Bybee did n't know them .
thepublicrecord.com
Considering the fact that conservatives admire Reagan so much , you would think some of these Bush Co lawyers would know about this , would n't you ?
Federal prosecutors secured a 10 - year sentence against the sheriff and four years in prison for the deputies .
But that 1983 case -- which would seem to be directly on point for a legal analysis on waterboarding two decades later -- was never mentioned in the four Bush administration opinions released last week .
The failure to cite the earlier waterboarding case and a half - dozen other precedents that dealt with torture is reportedly one of the critical findings of a Justice Department watchdog report that legal sources say faults former Bush administration lawyers -- Jay Bybee , John Yoo and Steven Bradbury -- for violating " professional standards . " politicalgroove.com
Do n't leave out their bosses , George W. Bush and Dick Cheney , and do n't leave out every other slimy torture justifying war mongerer that helped them do the job .
If the Bush DoJ did know , and they ignored it ( doublethink much ? ) , is n't that grounds for being disbarred ?
Or maybe even going to jail like some lowly Texas sherrif ?
Under Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions , adopted into US law as 18 USC 2340 , prisoners must be " treated humanely . "
It specifically prohibits " outrages upon personal dignity , in particular humiliating and degrading treatment . "
It does not , however , provide a specific list of what techniques are acceptable and which are not .
~ snip ~
Bybee ’s memo , written largely by Yoo , advised that torture must be pain " equivalent in intensity to the pain accompanying serious physical injury , such as organ failure , impairment of bodily function , or even death . "
Mental pain inflicted by torture must last for several months or years to constitute severe pain or suffering .
Under this interpretation , the techniques described above were termed " enhanced interrogation techniques " and the Department of Justice advised the President that their use was legal .
stanford.edu
For the full text of Geneva Convention : Common Article 3 is , IMHO , a must read for everybody , especially anyone who is considering a career with the Justice Department .
The evidence keeps piling up .
At this point , I want more evidence declassified and put out for the public to see .
The more evidence that becomes available , the better any investigation may be , and the easier it will be to make a prosecutors case stick and lead to a conviction .
If there is no equality under the law there can be no justice .
If a dumbass Sheriff from Texas can go to jail for 10 years for authorizing waterboarding of prisoners , so can a dumbass President from Texas .
This is not about revenge .
It is about justice and equality under the law .
We are One Nation under law , not above it , indivisible ( this means you secessionists ) with liberty and justice for all .
This includes ex-Presidents and their criminal cronies .
UPDATE
In the comments below , courtesy of JMcDonald , here is the pdf where you can read the court case here .
UNITED STATES of America , Plaintiff - Appellee , v. Carl LEE , Defendant - Appellant
Cheers to JMcDonald for the great find !
Get out your detective caps guys and gals , I am sure we can make some more trouble from our Mom 's basements before this is all over .
and it ain't over yet , not by a long shot .
UPDATE II
Cheers to BOHICA for this bit of Journalism ( capital J ) .
The court called it torture From the PDF OVERVIEW : Appellant was indicted along with three other co-defendant law enforcement officers based on a number of incidents in which prisoners were subjected to a water torture in order to prompt confessions to various crimes .
and here is one more from a comment by CornSyrupAwareness
We did prosecute for torture in 2005
It just wasnt those that ordered the torture
The main defense was that Graner was following orders from , and supervised by , intelligence officers . [ 30 ]
Graner and others testified that many senior officers were aware of the activities and actively supported them .
This is why he was not worried about taking and distributing the photographs which were later used against him .
Referring to military intelligence , Graner testified " I nearly beat an MI detainee to death with MI there " before Pohl cut him off ...
On January 16 , Graner was found guilty and sentenced to 10 years imprisonment , a dishonorable discharge , and the loss of all benefits .
Graner is in Leavenworth for committing the acts ordered by his superior officer Christopher Brinson , who is now chief of staff for Rep. Mike Rogers of Alabama .
Who was himself probably ordered to torture by people higher up the chain from himself , like Donald Rumsfeld , Dick Cheney and George W. Bush under ' legal ' advice from Bybee , Yoo and Addington .
Who thinks Bush and his cronies should have prison cells in Leavenworth as well ?
If there is such a thing as justice in this country , that is what will happen .
UPDATE III
another great find in the comments below , courtesy of BentLiberal
Nuremberg Reference
From the appeals PDF
At trial , Baker 's defense as developed by his counsel and his testimony rested on two points .
The first was that he
actively participated in only a single torture episode , and then only because ordered to do so by his superiors -- a
" Nuremberg defense . "
The second was that while he believed the torture of prisoners immoral , he did not at the time
think it was illegal .
In the course of Baker 's testimony , he identified Lee as a participant in the torture of several
prisoners .
Seven other witnesses also connected Lee with various torture incidents .
At the close of the evidence , [ ** 3 ]
the district judge severed Baker , and put the case of the remaining defendants to the jury .
Lee was convicted on three
counts .
In this appeal he contends that Baker 's defense was in such conflict with his own that he should have been
granted a severance at the beginning of trial .
pdf cited in the diary update .
Just following orders is no excuse , and neither is ignorance .
The guilty should be brought to justice .
Will they be brought to justice is up to us .
YELL LOUDER !
until they can't ignore us anymore !
Cheers !
UPDATE VI
Thanks to Adam B for this bit of golden research
Two Witnesses Describe Torture by Texas Sheriff
UPI
Published : September 2 , 1983
Two convicted burglars testified today that they had watched in fear as a former east Texas sheriff and his deputies used a water torture .
'' I was real nervous , '' said one witness , Ernest Charles Lewis .
'' I felt I was going to go through the same thing . ''
Mr. Lewis , 26 years old , and Vernon Perry , 27 , both convicted of burglary in 1976 , said they saw the former San Jacinto County Sheriff , James Parker , direct his deputies to coerce confessions from two burglary suspects by draping a towel over each man 's face and pouring water over it until the men gagged .
Mr. Parker , 47 , and his former deputies , Carl Lee , 63 , Floyd Allen Baker , 40 , and John Glover , 65 , are accused in Federal court of violating the civil rights of at least six prisoners .
Mr. Parker was sheriff in rural San Jacinto County , 60 miles northeast of Houston , from 1969 until March .
here is the original link to the
NYTimes article from 1983
Someone please tell the overpaid hacks in the media that THIS is what JOURNALISM is supposed to look like .
Thanks to everyone who helped provide the backup info .
UPDATE V
Cheers to lysias for finding a great quote in a ruling by the SCOTUS back in 1953 on the seperation of Executive Power in the case of
YOUNGSTOWN CO .
v. SAWYER , 343 U.S. 579 ( 1952 )
I did not suppose , and I am not persuaded , that history leaves it open to question , at least in the courts , that the executive branch , like the Federal Government as a whole , possesses only delegated powers .
The purpose of the Constitution was not only to grant power , but to keep it from getting out of hand .
~ snip ~ Germany , after the First World War , framed the Weimar Constitution , designed to secure her liberties in the Western tradition .
However , the President of the Republic , without concurrence of the Reichstag , was empowered temporarily to suspend any or all individual rights if public safety and order were seriously disturbed or endangered .
This proved a temptation to every government , whatever its shade of opinion , and in 13 years suspension of rights was invoked on more than 250 occasions .
Finally , Hitler persuaded President Von Hindenberg to suspend all such rights , and they were never restored .
~ snip ~
In view of the ease , expedition and safety with which Congress can grant and has granted large emergency powers , certainly ample to embrace this crisis , I am quite unimpressed with the argument that we should affirm possession of them without statute .
Such power either has no beginning or it has no end .
If it exists , it need submit to no legal restraint .
I am not alarmed that it would plunge us straightway into dictatorship , but it is at least a step in that wrong direction .
MR .
JUSTICE JACKSON , concurring in the judgment and opinion of the Court caselaw.lp.findlaw.com
I guess Godwin goes out the window when the topic is torture and SCOTUS rulings are concerned .
If they knew this in 1953 , why did n't they know it in 2003 ?
Or did they simply choose not to remember ?
The plot thickens as the light of truth shines brighter .
Keep on digging guys and gals , keep on digging .
Cheers
The mystery DNA spippets are about 300 times less likely than other regions of the genome to be lost during the course of mammalian evolution .
In Washington state , DNA samples would be taken from suspects in cases as minor as shoplifting if a new proposal is adopted by the state 's legislature .
For now , DNA samples are taken after sentencing from people convicted of a felony and many misdemeanor sex- related crimes , The Seattle Times reports .
Under the new bill , police or jail staff would be required to collect DNA from all adults and juveniles arrested on suspicion of a felony or gross misdemeanor .
DNA samples are usually collected by swabbing inside the cheek .
The American Civil Liberties Union and criminal defense groups have cried foul , calling the bill unconstitutional .
Another question they might raise :
Is it worth it ?
Each person 's DNA is unique , representing the software of that person 's life .
DNA samples collected at crime scenes can , after a tedious process in the lab , be matched to samples on file to positively identify suspects .
While DNA identification can be more effective than fingerprinting in some cases , it 's not as seen on TV .
" Just because you can run an analysis does n't mean you 'll get results , " explains Tina Delgado , forensic DNA examiner in the FBI 's DNA Analysis Unit .
" Sunlight , heat , humidity , and age can all damage DNA .
We have successfully analyzed material that had been in police evidence lockers at room temperature for decades , but DNA can go bad if left out in the sun for even a few days . "
Meanwhile , labs are becoming overloaded .
More than a dozen states allow law enforcement to collect DNA from suspects before they are convicted .
The U.S. government last year announced plans to collect DNA samples from all citizens arrested in connection with any federal crime , as well as from many immigrants detained by federal authorities , according to the Washington Post .
The approach was expected to add more than a million DNA samples a year to the rapidly growing federal DNA database of bad guys .
" It is good technology .
It solves crimes , " said Don Pierce , executive director of the Washington Association of Sheriffs and Police Chiefs , in the Times article .
" We take fingerprints at the time of arrest , which in many ways is a lot more intrusive . "
But in Los Angeles , the police department recently was found to have in cold storage nearly 7,000 untested DNA samples from sexual assault cases .
Last year the department let the deadline pass for prosecuting some 200 potential sexual assault cases without ever testing DNA evidence on file that might have resulted in convictions .
Robert Roy Britt is the Editorial Director of Imaginova .
In this column , The Water Cooler , he takes a daily look at what people are talking about in the world of science and beyond .
Shutterstock
IN FUTURE , changes to the international financial system are likely to be shaped by Beijing as well as Washington .
That is the message of an article by Zhou Xiaochuan , the governor of the People 's Bank of China .
Mr Zhou calls for a radical reform of the international monetary system in which the dollar would be replaced as the main reserve currency by a global currency .
It is a delicate issue , however .
When Tim Geithner , America 's treasury secretary , discussed the proposal in New York on March 25th , his remarks sent the dollar tumbling before he made clear that , naturally , he thought the greenback should remain the dominant reserve currency .
Mr Zhou 's proposal is China 's way of making clear that it is worried that the Fed 's response to the crisis — printing loads of money — will hurt the dollar and hence the value of China 's huge foreign reserves , of which around two - thirds are in dollars .
He suggests that the international financial system , which is based on a single currency ( he does not actually cite the dollar ) , has two main flaws .
First , the reserve - currency status of the dollar helped to create global imbalances .
Surplus countries have little choice but to place most of their spare funds in the reserve currency since it is used to settle trade and has the most liquid bond market .
But this allowed America 's borrowing binge and housing bubble to persist for longer than it otherwise would have .
Second , the country that issues the reserve currency faces a trade - off between domestic and international stability .
Massive money - printing by the Fed to support the economy makes sense from a national perspective , but it may harm the dollar 's value .
Mr Zhou suggests that the dollar 's reserve status should be transferred to the SDR ( Special Drawing Rights ) , a synthetic currency created by the IMF , whose value is determined as a weighted average of the dollar , euro , yen and pound .
The SDR was created in 1969 , during the Bretton Woods fixed exchange - rate system , because of concerns that there was insufficient liquidity to support global economic activity .
It was originally intended as a reserve currency , but is now mainly used in the accounts for the IMF 's transactions with member countries .
SDRs are allocated to IMF members on the basis of their contribution to the fund .
Mr Zhou 's plan could win support from other emerging economies with large reserves .
However , it is unlikely to get off the ground in the near future .
It would take years for the SDR to be widely accepted as a means of exchange and a store of value .
The total amount of SDRs outstanding is equivalent to only $ 32 billion , or less than 2 % of China 's foreign - exchange reserves , compared with $ 11 trillion of American Treasury bonds .
There are also big political hurdles .
America would resist , because losing its reserve - currency status would raise the cost of financing its budget and current - account deficits .
Even Beijing might want to rethink the idea .
Mr Zhou praised John Maynard Keynes 's proposal in the 1940s for an international currency , the “ Bancor ” , based on commodities .
But as Mark Williams of Capital Economics says , central to Keynes 's idea was that a tax be imposed on countries running large current - account surpluses , to encourage them to boost domestic demand .
Friggin ’ sweet !
The legendary Fox animated series , X - Men , is out on DVD from Walt Disney Home Video today !
They are releasing two volumes , each volume a 2 - disc set .
This is the X - Men cartoon that ran from 1992 - 1997 .
There were five seasons altogether of that series , and these DVDs cover the first 2 1/2 seasons .
If you click here for a complete list of episodes from the X - Men animated series , these DVDs cover episodes 1 through 33 .
I ’m working my way through these DVDs now and will be doing a full review within the next week .
However , I gotta say these stories already remind me why I loved the X - Men !
Fox did a good job adapting those classic Claremont tales .
You ca n’t help but get caught up in the X - Universe again with : the Nazi hatred and bigotry that created Magneto ; the time travel twists - and - turns of Days of Future Past ; Alpha Flight confronting their former teammate , Wolverine ; Angel ’s transformation into Archangel ; the battle for leadership of the Morlocks ; the manipulations of Mr. Sinister ; the Dark Phoenix saga ; and more !
You can pick up both volumes up at your local DVD retailers today , or order them online from Amazon by clicking here for Volume 1 and clicking here for Volume 2 .
Here are a couple clips to whet your appetite and bring back some memories .
Enjoy !
There are no new details concerning anything except for the fact that yes , the Prison Break video game is still in production , and it ’s almost finished .
The developer who originally was making the game , Brash Entertainment , felt the bad economy firsthand , as they were forced to shut their doors for good .
The new developer is not known at this time .
If any more details come to light , we will let you know .
[ Source ]
Interested in having an ambigram drawn for yourself ?
Visit the custom design page for more information .
I can draw names , phrases and much , much more .
This site has tutorials , images , a gallery and an ambigram generator to make your own designs !
First visit ?
See the ambigram gallery for ambigram designs .
Alternatively , select a page from the menu above for more information about ambigrams .
Larger versions of all of the designs below can be found in the gallery .
Ambigram Generator : Input your text and immediately see it become an Ambigram in one of two fonts .
Top rated Ambigrams
Our sponsor
Northgate Academy offers accredited online christian high school programs for homeschoolers
Washington Online Learning Institute offers America's Online Paralegal Program
See more designs in our gallery .
Â
Every night , before I go to bed , I keep up with the news .
Well , the fake news .
But the actual news that matter .
Last night ’s Colbert Report had a segment about going back into 1997 .
It was a very funny written segment that all of you geeks have to see .
Oh , and I took the liberty of creating an animated gif for your guys of him dancing to “ mmmm bop . ”
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
To understand what Washington is actually up to , you have to watch what it does , not what it says .
That 's especially true when it comes to Washington 's role in the ongoing bailout of Wall Street , part of its " let 's hope this works " plan to revive the U.S. economy .
While Washington is setting the populist mob on the individual American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) employees who got a total of $ 165 million in bonuses this year , far larger amounts of money are being quietly handed to Wall Street through programs that generate barely a peep of protest .
Let me count the ways - or at least some of them .
We 'll start with the proposed public - private investment program for toxic assets .
It depends heavily on a massive subsidy from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which would insure the borrowings of the program 's investors .
The borrowings would be up to six - sevenths of the total invested ; the Treasury and Wall Street ( which I define as the nation 's big financial institutions and money managers ) would each put up half of the initial seventh .
I 'm glad that taxpayers stand to get half the profits and fees because the Treasury 's in the game .
But the Treasury and the FDIC ( whose guarantees for such huge sums are credible only because they 're backed by the Treasury ) run much more risk than the private investors , whose loss is limited to their investment .
The subsidy , by my back - of - the - envelope math , could be worth $ 18 billion a year to the Wall Street investors .
That assumes that the program raises $ 75 billion from Wall Street and that the guarantees lower interest costs by 4 % on the Street 's $ 450 billion share of the borrowings .
That 's more than 100 times the AIG bonuses .
We also have the Federal Reserve Board 's programs to revive the economy by offering cheap money under a dozen plans invented since the credit crunch began in earnest in the summer of 2007 .
They total around $ 1.1 trillion by my count , so a three - point saving - a very conservative number - is more than $ 30 billion a year .
Meanwhile , the Fed 's decision to buy Treasury paper and assorted U.S. mortgage - backed securities is n't helping troubled home - owners .
Rather , these purchases , designed to lower mortgage rates , benefit well - off homeowners , who can refinance at new , cheaper rates .
It also boosts the market value of the tons of Treasuries and mortgage - backed securities held by Wall Street .
Marginal or distressed homeowners do n't qualify for cheap mortgages because lenders have toughened their credit standards .
I 'm not saying , by the way , that any of these programs are necessarily bad .
We have to get out of this horrible financial mess somehow , and the feds are throwing everything they have against the wall to see what sticks .
But if you want to yell about taxpayer money subsidizing Wall Street , you should look at those programs , not waste time with AIG bonuses , which are symbolically important but economically meaningless .
Yes , AIG has received vast amounts of bailout money from the government .
But that does n't mean that every bonus - receiving employee is some sort of troll or incompetent who deserves to be threatened with a 90 % tax or with having his address made public so that people can picket his house .
I wo n't even mention that this uproar in the name of preserving taxpayer money has cost taxpayers bigtime .
We own 79.9 % of AIG 's stock and have committed $ 180 billion in loans and investments to it .
This uproar has eviscerated our investment by destroying AIG 's reputation and shredding the value of its businesses .
Good luck on getting anything like our $ 180 billion back .
Finally , if you want a real bonus outrage , consider this :
The operation getting the biggest taxpayer subsidy of all - the federal government - pays bonuses to its employees too .
This year it plans to hand out about $ 1.6 billion of bonuses , despite running more than $ 1 trillion in the red .
So there you have it .
While the public is focused on AIG small fry , Wall Street 's big fish are getting the bulk of Washington 's goodies .
As always , follow the money .
Not the noise .
Allan Sloan invites you to post your questions to him about Wall Street , dealmaking and the state of the financial crisis in a Fortune Talkback forum .
He 'll choose several questions to answer in a future online installment of his column , The Deal .
It ’s official .
Heroes SUCK !!!!
Episode after Episode , I keep questioning myself why I still keep on watching this show .
The entire Fugitives thing just fell flat , pretty much like Matt Parkman sat on the face of Nathan Petrelli .
Frankly , with the way things are turning out I could be least bothered about the turn of events in the ‘ Heroes Universe ’ .
Since the last time when we discussed Peter , Hiro , Claire , Angela , Mohinder and HRG , the plot has n’t progressed much , even after 4 episodes .
Hiro did n’t feature in the latest episode .
What has he been busy with ?
Breaking some random Indian lady ’s marriage .
Angela got questioned by Nathan if she was “ REBEL ” .
Mohinder is in captivity and HRG just seems to be such a mysterious character .
I really do n’t know and do n’t care on which side is he playing his game .
Of course protecting Claire and Peter and supporting Nathan in a very secretive way .
Someone just pull the trigger on him .
BTW , Claire has found romance in the form of Aquaboy .
Ugh !!!
And well Daphne is n’t dead .
As for the other remaining characters , let ’s discuss their future in Heroes , and why I ’m JUST NOT BOTHERED .
SYLAR AND PARTNER : That wannabe Kid has to go .
He has stuck around for way too long for no good reason .
Just seems like an annoying male version of Claire , but with microwave radiating powers .
Sylar ’s quest for his Dad and realization of his mother ’s murder by his beloved Dad , all of which flashbacks to Sylar ’s brain ( which by now is a mix - fruit jam of donno how many mutants ) when he and partner come across a dried up hot - dog joint .
Jeez !!!
Sylar had family issues , who would ’ve imagined ?
And why does he keep tolerating that useless piece of shite , and not tear up his head wide open .
Even though I am well psyched that Sylar is back to being on the dark side , this arc of his story is just getting on me nerves .
Matt Parkman :
The dude who was all powerful and could bend free thought .
God knows what came upon the writers to just screw up with this character and give him the most useless power of all – Yes , Isaac Mendes ’ forecasting eyes of the ‘ heroine - high ’ Oracle , only sans the heroine .
I seriously do n’t get the point in someone painting shades with perfect hues in times of crisis , especially when the government ’s secret service is hunting their asses .
And oh oh , HRG reveals Parkman ’s inability to focus in presence of audio distortion .
Hmm !!!
Parkman ’s search for Daphne still goes on , but in turn , due to a well crafted blunder by the Petrellis ( yeah all 3 of them ) , Matt is now standing in front of the White House , and as predicted in his own paintings , has explosives tied tightly to his belly .
P.S. Parkman ’s vision is complete B.S. compared to Isaac Mendes ’ in terms of long - sightedness .
Nathan Petrelli :
The prick of all trades , and the bollocks of none .
Yes , that ’s what I call him .
He deserves to be called the “ Father of Claire ” , coz we can clearly see where Claire gets her irritating genes from .
Nathan argues with Angela , and accuses her of being REBEL who hacked into their “ database ” and leaked the footage .
Angela instead whispers something into Nathan ’s ears .
Only these two know what joke they shared , but I am NOT BOTHERED .
Nathan does realise that his original plan has failed miserably , and his control over the operation has been shifted to that other dude .
So basically , Nathan is now reduced to just another flying dude in suits .
But well , I would like to have that power , but we ’ll discuss that some other day .
Final
Thoughts : Just a few questions .
Is there any chance that this show can be revived ?
I AM NOT BOTHERED .
The puppeteer entered in the last scene of the Episode and asked Claire to help him , coz the REBEL said so .
Now , the Rebel surely seems like a guy who can stay anonymous from Mobile Networks and hack into Computer networks .
Last seen , I remember Jessica / Niki ’s son- MIKA had the power to talk to machines .
So , is MIKA the REBEL ?
WHATEVA !!!!
Will Sylar kill his Dad , and will that involve HRG in the Flashback scene ?
What did Angela whisper into Nathan ’s ears ?
Will Matt Parkman fart or will he explode ?
Where are Hiro and Duracell - Ando ?
Ferocious tiger in the water
White tigers are very rarely found in the wild .
In about 100 yeas only 12 white tigers have been seen in the wild in India .
They are almost extinct and most of the ones living are in captivity , mostly in zoos .
This specific tiger is neither an albino nor a seperate subspecies of the tiger .
They are beautifully white colored and have black stripes .
It has blue eyes and a pink nose .
It also has white colored fur .
The white tiger is born to a bengal tiger that has the gene needed for white coloring .
A pure white tiger has no stripes and are totally white .
Some fascinating pictures of a ferocious tiger in the water .
In HQ and with subtitles
Mozilla Corporation has released a new version of Firefox in order to remove a bug found just a week after an updated version of the browser was released .
Firefox 3.09 was released last Wednesday .
It fixed nine security holes , one of which was considered " critical " .
It was also meant to be more stable than previous versions .
But within a week this has been replaced by Firefox 3.0.10 .
This fixes security bugs and a crashing issue when the browser is used to view page source code using certain extensions , particularly HTML Validator .
The crashes could cause memory corruption which has created security problems in the past .
Developers explained that while fixing a previous bug they may have introduced the new glitch .
The new version went up earlier in the week and most browsers will already have been automatically updated .
Full release notes are here . ®
Economist Anna Schwartz devoted ten years to gathering and analyzing the data that went into her book with Milton Friedman , A Monetary History of the United States , 1867 - 1960 .
It was the empirical rigor of that book that reminded economists and central bankers of a truth many of them had forgotten — namely , that excessive growth of the money supply drives up prices .
Thus Schwartz helped set the stage for the monetary tightening that tamed the tiger of inflation in the United States and Great Britain in the early 1980s .
Schwartz has n’t let up — she ’s still working diligently at the National Bureau of Economic Research , where she has worked since 1941 .
The implication here is that her opinion on money and the economy matters far , far more than most people ’s opinions because she knows what she is talking about .
Although she has shunned the media spotlight , Schwartz shares her insights on the current financial mess in the spring issue of City Journal .
Here are some excerpts from that article .
This lesson of the recent past seems all but forgotten , Schwartz says .
Instead of staying the monetarist course , Volcker ’s successor as Fed chairman , Alan Greenspan , too often preferred to manage the economy — a fatal conceit , a monetarist would say .
Greenspan wanted to avoid recessions at all costs .
By keeping interest rates at historic lows , however , his easy money fueled manias : first the Internet bubble and then the now - burst mortgage bubble .
. . .
Greenspan ’s successor , Ben Bernanke , has followed the same path in confronting the current economic crisis , Schwartz charges .
Instead of the steady course that the monetarists recommend , the Fed and the Treasury “ try to break news on a daily basis and they look for immediate gratification , ” she says .
. . .
Bernanke is right about the past , Schwartz says , “ but he is fighting the wrong war today ; the present crisis has nothing to do with a lack of liquidity . ”
President Obama ’s stimulus is similarly irrelevant , she believes , since the crisis also has nothing to do with a lack of demand or investment .
The credit crunch , which is the recession ’s actual cause , comes only from a lack of trust , argues Schwartz .
Lenders are n’t lending because they do n’t know who is solvent , and they ca n’t know who is solvent because portfolios remain full of mortgage - backed securities and other toxic assets .
. . .
What about “ systemic risk ” — much heard about these days to justify the government ’s massive intervention in the economy in recent months ?
Schwartz considers this an excuse for bankers to save their skins after making so many bad decisions .
“ The worst thing for a government to do , though , is to act without principles , to make ad hoc decisions , to do something one day and another thing tomorrow , ” she says .
The market will respond positively only after the government begins to follow a steady , predictable course .
To prove her point , Schwartz points out that nothing the government has done to date has really thawed credit .
Schwartz indicts Bernanke for fighting the wrong war .
Could one turn the same accusation against her ?
Should we worry about inflation when some believe deflation to be the real enemy ?
“ The risk of deflation is very much exaggerated , ” she answers .
Inflation seems to her “ unavoidable ” : the Federal Reserve is creating money with little restraint , while Treasury expenditures remain far in excess of revenue .
The inflation spigot is thus wide open .
To beat the coming inflation , a “ new Paul Volcker will be needed at the head of the Federal Reserve . ”
About The Author Paul Andrew is a freelance Web designer .
He is chief admin for Speckyboy - Design Magazine , a Web design , Web development and graphic design resource blog .
More about Paul Andrew …
99 Essential Twitter Tools And Applications
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
If you have n’t heard of Twitter by now , you must be living under a rock !
It is everywhere , and everyone is using it .
To say that the rise of Twitter has been explosive would be an understatement .
As a result of this growth , the number of Twitter apps and tools available has become extensive .
So , in this post we have filtered them down to a respectable 99 .
Below , we present 99 Essential Twitter Tools and Applications , split into the following categories : Tools and Productivity Apps , Statistics and Analytics , Find New Twitter Friends Apps , Search Twitter Apps , Web - Based Mobile Apps , WordPress Twitter Plug - Ins , Adobe Air Twitter Apps and Firefox Twitter Extensions .
You may want to take a look at the following related posts :
Twittercal Twittercal is a service that connects your Twitter account to your Google Calendar and lets you add events easily , directly from your Twitter account .
Twitpay TwitPay is a simple way to send payments via Twitter .
Twibs Find , follow and interact with businesses , apps and services on Twitter .
Twittermail.com
Users can post to their Twitter account by sending a message to their own unique email address .
Twitzu Promote your business , special offers , promotions and events with Twitzu .
Twuffer Twuffer allows the Twitter user to compose a list of future tweets and schedule their release .
TweetLater
This app allows you to post
Tweets at a later time and date .
GroupTweet Send private Twitter messages to specific groups of friends .
Twitter Alerts Keep track of conversations that mention you , your products , your company and anything else , via hourly email updates .
TwitPic TwitPic lets you share photos on Twitter .
You can post pictures to TwitPic from your phone , the TwitPic home page or your Twitter account .
Your Twitter Karma Twitter needs a decent page for your followers , with the functionality to sort them by type .
This Web app does that .
Mr. Tweet A personal networking assistant for Twitter , helping you identify relevant followers , recommending you to other users and regularly computing your Twitter usage statistics .
Remember The Milk Remember The Milk keeps track of your tasks .
Simply add Remember The Milk as your friend , and you can add and interact with your tasks through direct messages and get reminders , too .
StrawPoll StrawPoll is the coolest way to follow the opinions of people on Twitter .
With this app , you can create your own poll .
Twiddict If Twitter goes down and you start to feel withdrawal symptoms , use this service to continue using it .
Twiddict makes sure all your tweets end up going to the proper place .
Twitter Friends Network Browser Browse through your Twitter friends , your friends ’ friends , your friends ’ friends ’ friends …
Twitterfeed Post your RSS feed to Twitter automatically .
Twitturly Twitturly is a service for tracking what URLs people are talking about , as they talk about them , on Twitter .
Twittonary The Twitter Dictionary , aka Twittonary , provides explanations of various Twitter - related words .
twtQpon Enhance your social media marketing by offering discount coupons to the Twitter - sphere !
twenglish Twitter translator : Simply type in your tweet , and twenglish will twanslate your tweet for you .
twtcard Send a greeting card , a surprise message or an invitation on Twitter .
Tweet What You Spend Cash - tracking made simple with Twitter .
Twittertise Twittertise allows you to advertise on Twitter and track the success of your branded communications with customers .
TwitWall With TwitWall , you can embed your favorite videos and widgets and upload your photos , MP3 music , podcasts , you name it .
UnTweeps Unfollow
Tweeps who have not posted tweets recently .
TwitRand ( ) ; Select a random Twitter follower , friend or retweeter .
TwitBlocker
If you become overwhelmed by a Twitter user ’s constant tweets , you can keep them quiet with a single click of a button .
Twitterless Twitterless tells you who stops following you and graphs your follower history over time , displaying the info in a variety of useful views .
Twonvert With Twonvert , you can easily convert your tweets into SMS shorthand language and say more with less characters .
Postica Create a sticky note for your tweets .
twi8r Translate from English to text message shorthand and vice versa .
Twitter Statistics and Analytics
Twitterholic.com
This website is constantly being updated to allow you to find the most popular Twitter users .
Want to be on the list ?
Twitter constantly .
TweetStats
An app that tracks your number of tweets per hour and per month .
It basically creates a graph based on your tweets .
Twitter Grader Twitter Grader measures the power of your Twitter profile .
How high do you rank ?
twInfluence Similar to Twitter Grader , twInfluence lets you calculate the indirect influence of you and your followers on Twitter .
TwitterCounter A thorough analytical Web app .
tweetVolume Enter keywords or a phrase and see how often it appears on Twitter .
Twist
See trends on Twitter ; find out what ’s hot and what people are saying about it .
TweetRush TweetRush provides estimated statistics on Twitter usage over a period of time .
Tweetwasters
Just how much time do you spend on Twitter ?
Are you wasting time ?
Find New Twitter Friends Apps
TwitterTroll.com TwitterTroll.com is a real - time Twitter search engine to find new friends .
Just Tweet It Just Tweet
It makes it easier for tweeters to find other tweeters with similar interests .
Friend or Follow
Who are you following who is not following you back ?
Qwitter : Catching Twitter quitters Qwitter emails you when someone stops following you on Twitter .
Twubble Twubble is a Twitter extension that helps you find more friends .
Twitter Follower - Friend Ratio Your Twitter ratio is the ratio of your followers to friends ( i.e. people you follow ) .
It is measured with the TFF ratio ( Twitter follower to friend ratio ) .
The higher the ratio , the more Twitter heat you pack .
Nearby Tweets
Who is tweeting close to you ?
This app helps you connect with them .
Friend or Follow
Who are you following who is not following you back ?
Qwitter : Catching Twitter quitters Qwitter emails you when someone stops following you on Twitter .
Twubble Twubble is a Twitter extension that helps you find more friends .
Twitter Follower - Friend Ratio Your Twitter ratio is the ratio of your followers to friends ( i.e. people you follow ) .
It is measured with the TFF ratio ( Twitter follower to friend ratio ) .
The higher the ratio , the more Twitter heat you pack .
Nearby Tweets
Who is tweeting close to you ?
This app helps you connect with them .
Search Twitter Apps
WhosTalkin WhosTalkin is a tool that allows users to search for conversations on the topics they care about most .
Twitter Search Search
Twitter is an excellent search engine that allows you to find out what ’s happening in the world beyond your personal timeline .
Flaptor Twitter Search Comprehensive Twitter search .
Twitscoop Input a Twitter username or keywords in the Twitscoop search box to track a conversation , topic or conference .
Twellow With Twellow , you can search for someone on Twitter or browse through various tweet categories .
twitSeeker twitSeeker is an alternate search engine for finding Twitter users and browsing the results in one interface .
Twitter Web - Based Mobile Apps
Hahlo Hahlo is an excellent and fully featured Twitter client for your iPhone and iPod Touch .
TwitterFone Send messages to Twitter using your voice .
PocketTweets PocketTweets is a Web - based Twitter client for the Apple iPhone .
TinyTwitter TinyTwitter works on any Java - enabled device and any Windows Mobile Pocket PC or smartphone .
TwitterBerry TwitterBerry is a mobile client for posting updates to Twitter from your BlackBerry .
twitxr Share pictures and status updates from your mobile .
Slandr Slandr delivers an enhanced mobile website for Twitter .
Twitter2 Go Twitter2
Go provides a quick and simple way to update your Twitter status .
Tapulous Discover , connect with and send messages to people nearby .
Upload photos and update your Twitter account .
Twittelator Twittelator is an all - around great new application for your iPhone .
TwitterFon TwitterFon is a simple , clean , easy to use and super - fast Twitter client for your iPhone and iPod Touch .
i Tweet 2 iTweet 2 has built - in auto - refresh , search and hash tags .
You can view user bios and locations and also view conversations with the “ in reply to ” links .
GPS Twit Run GPS
Twit on your phone to make it easy for your friends to find you .
i Twtr An open - source Twitter client for your iPhone .
WordPress Twitter Plug-Ins
Twitter for WordPress Twitter for WordPress displays yours latest tweets in your WordPress blog .
Twitter Tools
This plug - in integrates your WordPress blog and Twitter account .
Pull your tweets into your blog , and create new tweets from blog posts from within WordPress .
Twitpress Twitpress is a WordPress plug - in that submits a user - definable tweet to your Twitter account , notifying Twitter followers or friends that you have posted a new blog entry .
SimpleTwitter SimpleTwitter allows you to add Twitter messages to WordPress templates ( and not just in the sidebar ) .
Tweet This A plug - in that adds a Twitter link to every post and page on your WordPress website , so that visitors can share your blog entries through their Twitter accounts .
It also shortens URLs automatically .
TweetBacks
This plug - in imports any tweets that discuss your blog or post .
The tweets appear as comments .
TwitterCounter Install TwitterCounter on your blog to display the number of followers you have on Twitter .
MyTwitter MyTwitter allows you to display your Tweets on your WordPress website and update your status on the MyTwitter settings page .
TweetRoll With the TweetRoll widget , you can display the number of your followers and friends .
Twitt - Twoo Twitt - Twoo is a simple little plug - in that allows you to update your Twitter status right from your blog ’s sidebar .
Adobe Air Twitter Apps
Toro for Twitter Designed to be simple , Toro uses an experimental Twitter client library to remove the Twitter API limit .
twhirl Most of the features available on the Twitter website are accessible through twhirl , with usability enhancements .
Tweetr Tweetr is a Twitter client that allows you to send and receive Twitter messages , but with some added cool features : support for taking photos with your webcam and sending files ( up to 10 MB ) .
TweetDeck TweetDeck aims to improve the existing functionality of Twitter by taking the abundance of Twitter feeds and breaking it down into more manageable bite - sized pieces .
DestroyTwitter DestroyTwitter is a series of canvases that constantly update to keep tweets current and up to date using notifications that appear as soon as a new tweet is posted .
TwitterLocal TwitterLocal is an Adobe AIR - based app that allows you to filter tweets by location .
Spaz Spaz is a well - designed and well - developed Twitter client .
Snitter Short for “ Snooks ’ Twitter , ” Snitter is a cross- platform desktop Twitter client .
Twitch Some features of Twitch are TwitPic integration , URL shortening , the ability to combine friends and replies , reply - highlighting hash - tag support and more .
Firefox Twitter Extensions
TwitBin TwitBin is a Firefox extension that allows you to keep up with all of your Twitter conversations directly from your browser ’s sidebar .
Send and receive messages , share links and more .
Power Twitter Power Twitter adds a multitude of features to the Twitter website interface .
Twitter Fox
This extension adds a tiny icon to the status bar that notifies you when your friends have updated their Twitter status .
It also has a small text input field to allow you to update your own status .
Twitzer This Firefox extension lets you post tweets longer than 140 characters on Twitter .
TwitterBar TwitterBar allows you to post to Twitter from the Firefox address bar .
Twitter Search
This plug - in gives you quick access to the real - time Twitter search engine .
Hoopla !
An essential Twitter plug - in for the Firefox quick search feature .
TwitterEyes Twitter Eyes keeps track of your character count as you compose tweets and replaces characters if you need extra room .
Finally , Worth A Look
Is Twitter Down ?
Is Twitter down just for me or for everyone ?
This great app gives you a simple answer : yes or no .
twistori
An interesting Twitter experiment : click on a keyword on the left , and see what tweets are currently being published that contain that word .
Twittervision A real - time geographic visualization of tweets .
Amazing .
twittearth Similar to Twittervision ( above ) but with a sleeker interface .
Related Posts
You may want to take a look at the following related posts :
( al )
Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol performs on stage during the British leg of the Live Earth concerts at London 's Wembley Stadium in London
Snow Patrol frontman Gary Lightbody told the crowd he hoped Saturday 's concert could become an annual or bi- annual event
Alan Lewis - Photopress Belfast 19/3/2009 ..Picture by Justin Kernoghan .. Snow Patrol on stage at the Odyssey Arena tonight ... ( Gary Lightbody , lead vocals , Jonny Quinn , drums , Nathan Connolly , lead guitar , Paul Wilson , bass guitar , Tom Simpson , keyboards ) .
Alan Lewis - Photopress Belfast 19/3/2009 ..Picture by Justin Kernoghan .. Snow Patrol on stage at the Odyssey Arena tonight ... ( Gary Lightbody , lead vocals , Jonny Quinn , drums , Nathan Connolly , lead guitar , Paul Wilson , bass guitar , Tom Simpson , keyboards ) .
Alan Lewis - Photopress Belfast 19/3/2009 ..Picture by Justin Kernoghan .. Snow Patrol - Gary Lightbody on stage at the Odyssey Arena in Belfast .
Alan Lewis - Photopress Belfast 19/3/2009 ..Picture by Justin Kernoghan .. Snow Patrol - Gary Lightbody ( left ) and Nathan Connelly on stage at the Odyssey Arena in Belfast .
Alan Lewis - Photopress Belfast 19/3/2009 ..Picture by Justin Kernoghan .. Snow Patrol on stage at the Odyssey Arena tonight ... ( Gary Lightbody , lead vocals , Jonny Quinn , drums , Nathan Connolly , lead guitar , Paul Wilson , bass guitar , Tom Simpson , keyboards ) .
Snow Patrol frontman Gary Lightbody has slammed the jail sentences given to the founders of filesharing site Pirate Bay .
Lightbody , singer and songwriter of Snow Patrol , the most successful Northern Ireland export since Van Morrison , said the year - long terms are " way over the top " .
The four men , Frederik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Carl Lundstrom and Peter Sunde , were also fined $ 4.5 m ( £ 3 m ) for copyright infringement .
“ They should n’t have been jailed , ” he said .
“ A year in jail for someone doing that is crazy .
The punishment does n’t fit the crime . ”
Lightbody also told The Big Issue that he was n't against illegal music downloads .
“ I ’m not anti-filesharing at all .
This is the modern way .
" We ’ve brought it on ourselves and you have to live in the society you created .
" Music is available to everyone if they know how to get .
I say f**king go for it . "
He added that he paid for all his own music , however .
" I love getting an album back and looking through the booklet and the artwork , " he said .
" That 's lost when you download it . "
The four founders are refusing to pay the fine and are now seeking a retrial after it emerged that the judge in the case is a member of the Swedish Copyright Association , alongside members of the entertainment industry .
Speaking at an online press conference , Peter Sunde described the verdict as " bizarre " .
" It 's serious to actually be found guilty and get jail time .
It 's really serious .
And that 's a bit weird , " Sunde said .
" It 's so bizarre that we were convicted at all and it's even more bizarre that we were [ convicted ] as a team .
The court said we were organised .
I ca n't get Gottfrid out of bed in the morning .
If you 're going to convict us , convict us of disorganised crime .
" We can't pay and we would n't pay .
Even if I had the money I would rather burn everything I owned , and I would n't even give them the ashes . "
The Pirate Bay verdict appears to be achieving the opposite to the outcome intended by the copyright advocates with support for the site and its political offshoot , the Pirate Party reportedly going from strength to strength .
Since the verdict , support for the Swedish Pirate Party has surpassed that of the Swedish Green Party and it now appears that almost half of all Swedish males under the age of 30 are considering voting for the Pirate Party in the 2009 European Parliament elections .
Links of interest :
Pirate Bay
Wikipedia : The Pirate Bay
Google Custom Search : Torrents
Belfast Telegraph
We wo n't have a winner tomorrow .
Steele must be chewing on his fingernails .
The race in the 20th Congressional district between Republican Jim Tedisco and Democrat Scott Murphy is too close to call .
With 100 percent precincts reporting , Murphy leads Tedisco by only 59 votes , 77,344 to 77,285 .
With nearly 6,000 absentee ballots that will essentially decide the race as of Monday , the election will not be decided at least until April 13 .
As of Monday , 5,907 absentee ballots were received by the state Board of Elections out of around 10,000 mailed , according to spokesman Bob Brehm .
Absentee ballots must be postmarked by March 30 and received within seven days for regular absentee ballots or 13 days for military and overseas ballots .
日能研の中刷り広告に中学入試の問題が載っていて、興味を引かれました。要約するとこうです。
6桁の数字がある。それぞれの桁の数字は異なる。
これを abcdef と表す 。
この数字に 3 を掛けると bcdefa となる 。
この数字に7を掛けると6桁の数字になる。
この数字に2を掛けた数字を答えなさい。
本当に小学生が解く問題かと目を疑いました。
もちろん大人が解けば簡単です。以降を読む人は、ここで問題を解いてみて下さい。
この問題のおシャレなところ abcedf は 142857 です。 この問題がシャレているところは、 「 この数字に 3 を掛けると bcdefa となる 」の部分で 3 を選んでいるとこ ろ
abcedf が答えではなく、わざわざ 2 倍して答えさせるとこ ろ
「 この数字に7を掛けると6桁の数字になる」という条件は、「5を掛けても」と書く方が厳密で分かりやすいのに、わざわざ
7 を掛けているところ です。
3を掛けることから分かること この問題をやると、九九の3の段は、下一桁に
1 〜 9 の数字が出てくることに気付きます。 数学的に言うと 3 x ( mod 10 ) は周期 10 で繰り返すのですね。 九九を書いてみる と 、7 と 9 も同様の性質を持つことが分かります。 乗法群の原始根のような感じが神秘的だったので、数学の師匠に聞いてみたら、10 と互いに素であれば、こうなると言われました。なるほど、10 と互いに素なのは 、3、7、9 のみです。 どうしてそうなるのか、理由が分かっていないので、調べないといけません。。。
2倍して答えさせることから分かること 142857 を 2 倍すると、285714 となります。3 を掛けても、2 を掛けても循環することが分かります！調べてみると、4、5、6 でも循環します！ 142857 × 2 ＝ 285714
142857 × 3 ＝ 428571
142857 × 4 ＝ 571428
142857 × 5 ＝ 714285
142857 × 6 ＝ 857142 和田先生はこの数字を見て、「1/7 だからだよ」とすぐに答えました。脱帽です。。。
実際、問題の答を見てみると、1/7 を元にしていると書かれています。 という訳で、問題でわざわざ 7 を掛けているのは、これが 1/7 を元にしているという出題者からのメッセージなのです。
なぜ循環するの か 1/7 は 0.14285714285714285 のように循環する小数です。 循環小数について調べたところ、分母に 2 と 5 以外の素因数を持つ場合は、循環小数となるそうです。
そしてもう一つの循環、2〜6を掛けると、どうして数字がシフトするのかという疑問も分かってしまえば簡単です。
1/7 を手で計算してみて下さい。 10 ÷ 7 = 1 … 3 ( 一段目 )
30 ÷ 7 = 4 … 2 ( 二段目 )
20 ÷ 7 = 2 … 6 ( 三段目 )
60 ÷ 7 = 8 … 4 ( 四段目 )
40 ÷ 7 = 5 … 5 ( 五段目 )
50 ÷ 7 = 7 … 1 ( 六段目 ) 10 ÷ 7 = 1 … 3 ( 以下繰り返し )
30 ÷ 7 = 4 … 2 7 で割るのですから、余りは必ず 6 以下になります。どこかで同じ余りが出てくれば、後は繰り返しになります。
2/7 は上記の計算の三段目から、3/7 は二段目から、4/7 は五段目から、、、計算しているのと同じですね。
They think they can count on Republicans in Congress who say that the 1933 Glass - Steagall Act is a Depression - era relic .
Fears that a market collapse could affect banks are old hat , these descendants of Dr. Pangloss insist .
Break down the fire wall and let the Federal Reserve keep a benign eye on everything financial ; we do n't even have to fear fear itself .
Not so fast .
Suppose the Big Quake afflicts California .
Or maybe a Category 5 hurricane , which comes every decade or so , rips along the expensive expanses of a place like Long Island .
That would put a lot of pressure on even the most reinsured insurance company .
If you heard such news , and you could switch your money out of the bank affiliated with that insurer with a keyboard stroke , would n't you be inclined to play it safe ?
And would n't that Internetted panic cause a run on the superbank ?
That 's being alarmist , of course .
Such disasters are just as unlikely as a market crash ( which we all assure each other can never happen again ) .
But before the cash cow of Chase Manhattan starts making cow - eyes at the thundering herd of bulls of Merrill Lynch , Congress had better take a close look at the downside of upsizing across the old boundaries .
1 . No private enterprise should be allowed to think of itself as ' ' too big to fail . ''
Federal deposit insurance , protecting a bank 's depositors , should not become a subsidy protecting the risks taken by non-banking affiliates .
If a huge '' group ' ' runs into trouble , it should take the bank down with it ; no taxpayer bailouts should allow executives or stockholders to relax .
" Family Guy " television set ( Photo credit : Wikipedia )
I suspect you have already heard about this by now , but a special episode of Family Guy aired last night ( Season 7 , Episode 11 ) in which atheism played a fairly prominent role .
The dog , Brian , came out as an atheist to the family and faced the typical set of reactions one might expect from a Christian family .
He was assaulted by enraged townspeople after Meg publicly outed him , and there was even an appearance by Christian heroI have heard that , creator of Family Guy and American Dad , is an atheist .
After watching this episode , I applaud his courage and conclude that he truly seems to get it .
Being a comedy , there was of course some great mockery of Christianity as Meg became " born again " after watching Kirk Cameron .
But more to the point , I thought that the episode did a good job of showing the degree to which atheists are still demonized in the U.S.
Aside from villains or objects of conversion , it is still rare to see atheists on TV .
I see this episode as a step in the right direction .
If you missed the episode , you can watch it at Hulu
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Something Is Rotten at PBS
23 Corporate Crime Reporter 14 , April 2 , 2009
Last year , former Washington Post reporter T.R. Reid made a great documentary for the PBS show Frontline titled Sick Around the World .
Reid traveled to five countries that deliver health care for all – UK , Japan , Switzerland , Germany , Taiwan – to learn about how they do it .
Reid found that the one thing these five countries had in common – none allowed for - profit health insurance companies to sell basic medical coverage .
Frontline then said to Reid – okay , we want you to go around the United States and make a companion documentary titled Sick Around the America .
So , Reid traveled around America , interviewing patients , doctors , and health insurance executives .
The documentary that resulted – Sick Around America – aired Monday night on PBS .
But even though Reid did the reporting for the film , he was cut out of the film when it aired this week .
And the film did n't present Reid 's bottom line for health care reform – do n't let health insurance companies profit from selling basic health insurance .
They can sell for - profit insurance for extras – breast enlargements , botox , hair transplants .
But not for the basic health needs of the American people .
Instead , the film that aired Monday pushed the view that Americans be required to purchase health insurance from for - profit companies .
And the film had a deceptive segment that totally got wrong the lesson of Reid 's previous documentary – Sick Around the World .
During that segment , about halfway through Sick Around America , the moderator introduces Karen Ignagni , president of America 's Health Insurance Plans , the lead health insurance lobby in the United States .
Moderator : Other developed countries guarantee coverage for everyone .
We asked Karen Ignagni why it can't work here .
Karen Ignagni : Well , it would work if we did what other countries do , which is have a mandate that everybody participate .
And if everybody is in , it 's quite reasonable to ask our industry to do guarantee issue , to get everybody in .
So , the answer to your question is we can , and the public here will have to agree to do what the public in other countries have done , which is a consensus that everybody should be in .
Moderator :
That 's what other developed countries do .
They make insurers cover everyone , and they make all citizens buy insurance .
And the poor are subsidized .
But the hard reality , as presented by Reid in Sick Around the World , is quite different than Ignagni and the moderator claim .
Other countries do not require citizens buy health insurance from for - profit health insurance companies – the kind that Karen Ignagni represents .
In some countries like Germany and Japan , citizens are required to buy health insurance , but from non-profit , heavily regulated insurance companies .
And other countries , like the UK and Canada , do n't require citizens to buy insurance .
Instead , citizens are covered as a birthright – by a single government payer in Canada , or by a national health system in the UK .
The producers of the Frontline piece had a point of view – they wanted to keep the for - profit health insurance companies in the game .
TR Reid wants them out .
“ We spent months shooting that film , ” Reid explains .
“ I was the correspondent .
We did our last interview on January 6 .
The producers went to Boston and made the documentary .
About late February I saw it for the first time .
And I told them I disagreed with it .
They listened to me , but they did n't want to change it . ”
Reid has a book coming out this summer titled The Healing of America : A Global Quest for Better , Cheaper and Fairer Health Care ( Penguin Press , August 2009 . )
“ I said to them -- mandating for - profit insurance is not the lesson from other countries in the world , ” Reid said .
“ I said I 'm not going to be in a film that contradicts my previous film and my book .
They said – I had to be in the film because I was under contract .
I insisted that I could n't be .
And we parted ways . ”
“ Doctors , hospitals , nurses , labs can all be for - profit , ” Reid said .
“ But the payment system has to be non-profit .
All the other countries have agreed on that .
We are the only one that allows health insurance companies to make a profit .
You can't allow a profit to be made on the basic package of health insurance . ”
“ I do n't think they deliberately got it wrong , but they got it wrong , ” Reid said .
Reid said that he now wants to make other documentaries , but not for Frontline .
“ Frontline will never touch me a again – they are done with me , ” Reid said .
Reid says that “ it 's perfectly reasonable for people to disagree about health policy . ”
“ We disagreed , and we parted ways , ” Reid says .
It might be perfectly reasonable for people to disagree about health policy .
But it 's not perfectly reasonable to mislead the American people on national television in the middle of a health care crises when Congress is shaping legislation that will mean life or death for the for - profit health insurance industry .
Home
On March 18th , U.S. President Barack Obama signed the United Nations General Assembly Statement calling for the protection and decriminalization of sexual minorities , " LGBTIs " ( lesbians , gays , bisexuals , transgendered and intersexed ) .
Bush declined to do so at the December 2008 UN meeting when 66 UN member states signed on .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Louis - George
Tin , the grassroots activist who initiated the project in 2006 , was reserved in his approval of Obama 's action .
" This support is a crucial step .
But only if the United States commits itself to support the text actively , i.e. encouraging all their allies to sign it , as well . "
Speaking in December , UN High Commissioner on Human Rights Navi Pillay explained , " Many of these laws , like Apartheid laws that criminalized sexual relations between consenting adults of different races , are relics of the colonial [ era ] and are increasingly recognized as anachronistic and as inconsistent both with international law and with traditional values of dignity , inclusion and respect for all . "
LGBTIs continue to be the target of murder , rape and imprisonment .
State - sanctioned violence against sexual minorities has a long and brutal history here in the U.S. as well as in most Western - colonized nations in Africa and the Middle East .
Iran officially asserts homosexuality does not exist within its population and Nigeria is currently debating a bill to ban marriage of its " nonexistent " Q population .
On May 17th of this year , a world congress against homophobia will be held in Paris , announced Rama Yade , French Secretary of State for International Affairs and Human Rights .
Five nations recognize International Day Against Homophobia ( IDAHO ) , held each year on May 17th , the day when in 1990 the World Health Organization decided to remove homosexuality from its list of mental disorders .
The recognition of human rights for sexual minorities becomes more urgent as the practice of " corrective rape " spreads from South Africa to other African nations known for using rape as a weapon of war against women and girls age one to ninety .
Whether ordered to or not , the mental illness of such twisted hatred toward women goes a step further in these misogynistic patriarchies , where rape victims are banished or stoned to death .
Confronting these issues is itself risky : in February , a journalist was kidnapped , stripped and made to parade naked through Kenema , Sierra Leone .
Her crime was reporting on female genital mutilation .
As the US puts on a happy face for the LGBTI community worldwide , it will need to revisit its own laws and policies that ban equal treatment of lesbians and gays .
In only two states can same - sex citizens marry each other .
The California Supreme Court is set to announce its ruling on the challenge to Proposition 8 which bans same - sex marriage .
Obama has reportedly promised to revoke " Do n't Ask ; Do n't Tell , " the absurd military policy that prefers to believe all its members are heterosexual , to its detriment .
West Point graduates formed Knights Out , an LGBT alumni group , which recently issued a statement pledging " to serve as a critical support and advocacy group for the full acceptance of gay service members , particularly at West Point . "
Hat tips to John Mortimer and JoinTheImpact bloggers .
ARI News Forging a Path to the Future : An Interview with ARI ’s New CEO Objectivist Summer Conference 2018 has come and gone , but not without making its mark on the 600 - plus people in attendance , including Tal Tsfany , ARI ’s new President and CEO .
In this interview , Tsfany relates highlights from the biggest OCON to date and describes some exciting details about his plans for ARI ’s future .
ARI News Changing the World by Reaching the Right Mind at the Right Time At ARI , we work daily to spread Ayn Rand ’s ideas and improve the state of the world one mind at a time .
Recently , we received an email from an entrepreneur who watched Yaron Brook ’s interview with Patrick Bet - David at OCON 2018 — and became intrigued with the ideas discussed in the interview .
ARI News Ayn Rand Center Israel Fights for Capitalism and Freedom ; Celebrates Innovators Since its inception in October 2012 , Ayn Rand Center Israel ( ARCI ) has advocated Ayn Rand ’s ideas in Israel and the Middle East .
As ARCI approaches its six - year anniversary , it ’s worth recognizing some of its recent achievements — including the third annual Ayn Rand Atlas Award ceremony at the Israeli stock exchange .
ARI News
A letter from ARI ’s new president and CEO As of June 1 , 2018 , I am assuming the role of the Ayn Rand Institute ’s president and CEO , taking over from my friend and colleague Jim Brown .
Over the past few months , I ’ve been working closely with Jim , a leader who has achieved a tremendous amount of progress in his tenure as ARI ’s CEO .
My goal is to build on the solid foundation Jim has established and to continue to increase ARI ’s output and impact .
Government And Business Objectivism as a Competitive Advantage in Business
In this short video , John Allison highlights the key role Objectivism has played in his success .
Allison , the former Chairman and CEO of BB&T , was selected by the Harvard Business Review as one of the one hundred most successful CEOs in the world .
He is currently a member of ARI ’s board of directors .
ARI News Romantic Art and The Fountainhead
In his lecture , Tore Boeckmann explores some of Ayn Rand ’s values , chosen in childhood , and gives special attention to the abstractions which unify Rand ’s personal values into a single theme ( as opposed to her moral principles , which hold for everyone ) .
ARI News Vote to Make Ayn Rand : A Sense of Life Part of the National Film Registry The National Film Registry maintains a list of films that are “ deemed ‘ culturally , historically or aesthetically significant ’ and are earmarked for preservation by the Library of Congress .
These films are not selected as the ‘ best ’ American films of all time , but rather as works of enduring importance to American Culture .
They reflect who we are as a people and as a nation . ”
ARI News Introducing New Ideal , a New Online Publication from ARI
We are excited to announce New Ideal , ARI ’s new online publication .
The launch of New Ideal is a significant step in our mission to demonstrate the power of Ayn Rand ’s ideas and their necessity in today ’s world .
ARI News Filming The Fountainhead and Ayn Rand ’s First Plan Our celebration of seventy - five years of The Fountainhead continues this month with “ Filming The Fountainhead : Ayn Rand ’s First Plan ” by Shoshana Milgram .
BART holdup victim grabs knife , kills robber BART
Passengers arriving at the Fruitvale BART station head for the exit in Oakland , Calif. , on Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
Passengers arriving at the Fruitvale BART station head for the exit in Oakland , Calif. , on Thursday , Jan. 29 , 2009 .
Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close BART holdup victim grabs knife , kills robber 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 23 - year - old visitor from the East Coast had just gotten money from an ATM when he told his friend on a cell phone that he had a bad feeling about two men approaching him at the Fruitvale BART Station in Oakland .
His worst fears were realized when one suspect , Victor Veliz , 18 , held a folding knife with a 5 - inch blade to his neck and the other , Christopher Gonzalez , 18 , threatened to shoot him Thursday night , authorities said .
In a blind panic , he lashed out at his attackers , grabbing the knife from one of them and punching the other as his friend listened in horror on the phone .
Without realizing it , authorities say , the man stabbed Gonzalez in the chest .
Gonzalez stumbled to his family 's home around the corner , collapsed into his father 's arms and died .
Veliz , who is affiliated with a gang , was arrested at Gonzalez 's home after police allegedly found him with the East Coast visitor 's cell phone .
He will be charged with murder in the death of his accomplice , along with a robbery count , prosecutors said .
The robbery victim suffered only cuts in fighting off his assailants .
He ran from the station , flagged down an Oakland police officer on Fruitvale Avenue and turned over the bloody knife .
His name was not released .
The man was " scared senseless " when he was attacked about 9:30 p.m.
Thursday , said Allison Danzig , an Alameda County deputy district attorney .
He acted in self - defense and will not be charged , she said .
When police told him that Gonzalez had died , " he was very saddened and very upset , " Danzig said .
Gonzalez 's father , Javier Gonzalez , said Friday that his son had cried out for his parents and sister when he burst into his home on San Leandro Street .
He died there .
Javier Gonzalez sobbed at the loss of his son , who worked with him in his roofing business and at Oakland Raiders games .
" I'm angry at both of them , " he said of the robbery victim and Veliz .
" They took my son away from me .
He was a hard - working kid . "
He added , " My son is dead .
I want somebody to pay for this . "
The incident was n't the only violence near a BART station Thursday night .
In Daly City , police said , a triple shooting outside the BART station that left one man dead and two others wounded may have resulted from a mistaken belief that the victims were gang members .
Two of the four men who were in a 1995 Buick Regal when the car was sprayed with bullets were wearing red baseball caps , and the color red is associated with a Latino gang , said Daly City police Lt. Jay Morena .
But the victims were not gang members , Morena said .
The dead man , a 21 - year - old from San Francisco , has not been identified , and no arrests have been made .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn .
( AP ) 
The Tennessee Valley Authority has spent more than $ 20 million buying up 71 properties tainted by a major coal - ash spill and is negotiating to buy more .
But the public utility , the nation ’s largest , has also turned down 160 property owners hoping to sell out .
“ We are trying to balance between doing the right thing by the people that were impacted by this , ” said Peyton T. Hairston Jr. , a senior vice president at the Tennessee Valley Authority .
Mr. Hairston said the utility was also “ keeping in mind that this is ratepayer money . ”
The agency has received more than 200 requests from property owners wanting to sell tracts that they felt were damaged or devalued by the release in December of 5.4 million cubic yards of coal ash after a retaining wall breach at Kingston Fossil Plant , about 40 miles west of here .
“ As we work through this process , ” Mr. Hairston said , “ we have been able to determine that some people are just outside the area that we feel has been impacted . ”
While many moderate Catholics are disappointed with the Pope ’s recent statements that condom use is aggravating the AIDS epidemic in Africa , others have rushed to his defense .
Channel 4 anchor Jon Snow interviews Catholic blogger Joanne Bogle and Dr. Rachel Baggaley of Christian Aid on the Pope ’s recent comments .
Watch as Bogle becomes increasingly unhinged , finding it necessary to shout “ her facts ” over everyone else .
To find out more about Bogle , visit her blog auntie joanna writes …
On our side of the pond , Bill Donohue , President of the Catholic League , also defends the Pope ’s position .
“ If condoms were the answer , then why is it that New York City , which under Mayor Michael Bloomberg has given away tens of millions of free condoms , has an HIV rate three times the national average ?
Furthermore , the promiscuous distribution of condoms in New York has coincided with a spike in sexually transmitted diseases of all sorts .
Is n’t it time we learned that condom worship is irrational ?
“ Anyone who thinks that condom distribution , education and / or research is going to solve a problem which is mostly a function of behavioral recklessness is positively clueless .
Not only that , such persons unwittingly contribute to the problem by diverting attention and resources away from that which works . ”
Condom worship ?
Really ?
And perhaps you should also divert some attention and resources into ferreting out pedophile priests , Mr. Donohue .
Post by ILO on 03/20/09 at 11:06 am
The Clinton administration and Congress watched the unfolding events in Rwanda in April 1994 in a kind of stupefied horror .
The US had just pulled American troops out of a disastrous peacekeeping mission in Somalia – later made famous in the book " Black Hawk Down " – the year before .
It had vowed never to return to a conflict it could n't understand , between clans and tribes it did n't know , in a country where the US had no national interests .
From embassies and hotels in Kigali , diplomats and humanitarian workers gave daily tolls of the dead , mainly Tutsis but also moderate Hutus who had called for tribal peace .
The information came in real time , and many experts say that the US and the Western world in general failed to respond .
' We knew before , during , and after '
" During World War II , much of the full horror of the Holocaust was known after the fact .
But in Rwanda , we knew before , during , and after , " says Ted Dagne , a researcher at the Congressional Research Service in Washington , who has traveled to Rwanda on fact - finding missions .
" We knew , but we did n't want to respond . "
In an official letter written as late as June 19 , 1994 , the then - UN - Secretary General Boutros Boutros - Ghali showed exasperation at the numbers of peacekeepers that member nations were willing to provide .
" It is evident that , with the failure of member states to promptly provide the resources necessary for the implementation of its expanded mandate , UNAMIR ( the United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda ) may not be in a position , for about three months , to fully undertake the tasks entrusted to it , " Mr. Boutros - Ghali wrote .
Within a month of the writing of this letter , the genocide ended , as Paul Kagame 's Rwandan Patriotic Front took full effective control of Rwanda .
US support for a rapid-action force
Mr. Dagne , a Congressional aide at the time , says that if the Clinton administration had called for a rapid-action force to stop the killings in Rwanda , Congress would have supported him .
Letters from bipartisan panels of Congress back this up .
" We are writing to express our strong support for an active United States role in helping to resolve the crisis in Rwanda , " wrote Rep. Bob Torricelli ( D ) of New Jersey , in a letter of April 20 , 1994 , signed by Republicans and Democrats alike .
" Given the fact that approximately 20,000 people have died thus far in the tragic conflict , it is important that the United States endeavor to end the bloodshed and to bring the parties to the negotiating table . "
But time and again in that spring and summer , President Clinton replied with more pleas for the government and the rebels to stop the violence themselves , and suggested that the underarmed , overstretched UN peacekeeping mission on the ground was the right group to lead the way .
" On April 22 ... the White House issued a strong public statement calling for the Rwandan Army and the Rwandan Patriotic Front to do everything in their power to end the violence immediately , " President Clinton wrote on May 25 , 1994 , to Rep. Harry Johnston ( D ) of Florida .
" This followed an earlier statement by me calling for a cease - fire and the cessation of the killings . "
With Congress looking toward the president , and the White House looking toward the UN , nothing was done , and the genocide ran its course .
" At the end of an administration , they write a report , and Rwanda was at the top of the failures list for the Clinton administration , so this is something that they acknowledge themselves , " says Dagne .
If there is a lesson learned from Rwanda , Dagne says , it is that the international community needs to avoid giving the impression that it is willing or capable of rescuing civilians in a conflict .
" It 's important to build the capacity of people to do the job themselves [ of protecting themselves ] , " Dagne says .
" We must not give the expectation that people will be saved . "
Flashback Friday .
While preparing a lecture on sex tourism , I ran across this video about men who have sex with female tourists in the Caribbean :
There ’s a lot of interesting stuff going on there , no ?
I was fascinated by the female hotel owner who talks about the men “ preying ” on the female tourists , clearly placing the power in the hands the men who , she argues , use the female tourists for money but do n’t really care about them .
I tried to imagine someone talking similarly about female sex workers “ preying ” on foreign men ’s need for affection and attention .
This might make for a great discussion about perceptions of sexual agency : how do gendered sexual norms , economic differences , and the different races and nationalities of the individuals involved affect how we think of their interactions and who we see as the victim ?
In her chapter on sex tourism in Race , Ethnicity , and Sexuality ) , sociologist Joane Nagel discusses the role of racialized sexualities in making some groups attractive tourists looking for an ethnosexual adventure .
In the Caribbean , dark - skinned men with dreads are particularly attractive to some female tourists because of stereotypes of Black men as extremely sexual and masculine , which plays into fantasies of being swept away by a strong , skilled lover .
At the same time , White Western women may represent the possibility of a better life ( through continued gifts of money even after the vacation is over ) and sexualized adventures to the men they sleep with while on vacation .
Nagel argues that these encounters generally reinforce , rather than challenge , existing racial and gender inequalities , since they play on stereotypes of sexualized Others as animalistic , primitive , and , in the case of men , as super - masculine ( and super - endowed ) .
Then again , Nagel also questions whether any relationship between tourists and “ local ” men should count as sex work .
The individuals involved do n’t necessarily think of their interactions in those terms .
And who is to decide if a particular situation is “ sex tourism ” as opposed to a “ real ” relationship ?
How does that assumption invalidate the possibility that Black men and White women might have real , meaningful relationships ?
Or primarily sexual relationships , but with both partners respecting the other ?
Originally posted in 2009 .
Gwen Sharp is an associate professor of sociology at Nevada State College .
You can follow her on Twitter at @gwensharpnv .
When I plotted this chart , I was surprised to see that US primary energy production has held steady since 1981 at just over 1.5 billion tonnes oil equivalent per year .
Declining oil has been compensated by rising coal and natural gas production .
However , despite this abundant wealth of energy , the US has chosen to live beyond its means .
Energy consumption has grown , in part a reflection of growing population that underpinned economic growth .
The energy deficit has not been paid for by exporting manufactured goods , which would have been one way of returning energy to the rest of the world , but has instead been paid for by running up a " paper deficit " that has now reached such a size that it lies at the heart of global economic imbalance .
The US energy debt to the world has now reached a staggering 88,000,000,000 barrels oil equivalent .
It seems highly unlikely that this debt can ever be repaid in kind .
Submitted by Edward Harrison of the site Credit Writedowns
Edward Harrison here .
Today , I want to make the case for seeing writedowns as central to this global downturn .
To do so , we need to rewind and compare what is going on today with what we have experienced in the past .
Drawing on this comparison , I can demonstrate that traditional policy tools are likely to be ineffective today .
Moreover , the present course of action will also prove inadequate .
Other more aggressive means must be applied in order to ensure a more stable banking system and a path to recovery .
Likely remedies will include a reorganization of large swathes of the U.S. banking system .
Now , looking back , if one hearkens back to 1992 and the election that took Bill Clinton to the White House , ‘ it ’s the Economy , stupid ’ was the phrase that symbolized Clinton ’s victory and George H. W. Bush ’s defeat .
Today , as we are mired in a deep economic downturn , we should be tempted to bring back that phrase .
But , 2009 is not 1992 .
This is no garden variety downturn .
It is something altogether different .
We are not witness to a case of over - production and overheating as is usually the case .
It is a case of over - leverage and over - indebtedness .
As a result , the key to the outlook for the American economy is fairly simple and it hinges on a single word : credit .
My view of credit
The way I see it , our economic system is not built on work today for money today to consume today .
Rather , we work in order to consume today and into the future .
The mechanism through which we make this inter-temporal transfer is credit .
Think about any particular year in which you have worked .
Certainly , you bought goods and services to consume straight away .
But you also purchased homes , cars , television sets , shoes , washer / dryers , and tennis rackets , all to be ‘ consumed ’ today and into the future .
In effect , you were using money in the present in order to consume later .
Now , here ’s the thing .
Irrespective of whether you saved money from past earnings to buy those goods and services or bought those goods on credit , it was credit that was always behind the transaction .
Had you saved , ninety - percent of your savings was loaned out as credit by your bank as soon as you deposited the funds .
And if you bought on credit , you were the recipient of a credit loan yourself .
No inter -temporal transactions could ever occur without credit .
So , in a very real sense , credit is at the core of our system ( a longer explanation is here ) .
Garden - variety recession
In a normal recession , credit becomes tight , but it is not central to the downturn .
In fact , 80 % of the decline in GDP is due to a de-stocking of inventory .
Basically , businesses get ahead of themselves and forecast future demand that turns out not to exist .
They are forced to ratchet back production and sell off inventories .
In this case , policy makers can step in with fiscal and monetary stimulus and re-kindle domestic demand with a bit of a lag .
Bing , presto , we are off to the races again .
That ’s why recessions are over in 12 - 18 months tops .
Depression
That ’s not what happens in a depression – and this is a depression .
In a depression , what happens is macro disequilibria build up so much and become so unsustainable that when the break in demand happens , there is no bing , presto from traditional policy responses .
The leverage and debt in the system is just too large .
The debt cannot be worked off without de-leveraging ( See my post “ De- leveraging “ ) .
Ray Dalio of Bridgewater Associates did a fantastic job of explaining this process in a Barron ’s interview last month .
Barron’s : I ca n’t think of anyone who was earlier in describing the deleveraging and deflationary process that has been happening around the world .
Dalio :
Let ’s call it a “ D - process , ” which is different than a recession , and the only reason that people really do n’t understand this process is because it happens rarely .
Everybody should , at this point , try to understand the depression process by reading about the Great Depression or the Latin American debt crisis or the Japanese experience so that it becomes part of their frame of reference .
Most people did n’t live through any of those experiences , and what they have gotten used to is the recession dynamic , and so they are quick to presume the recession dynamic .
It is very clear to me that we are in a D - process … Barron ’s :
You have made the point that only by understanding the process can you combat the problem .
Are you confident that we are doing what ’s essential to combat deflation and a depression ?
Dalio :
The D - process is a disease of sorts that is going to run its course .
When I first started seeing the D - process and describing it , it was before it actually started to play out this way .
But now you can ask yourself , OK , when was the last time bank stocks went down so much ?
When was the last time the balance sheet of the Federal Reserve , or any central bank , exploded like it has ?
When was the last time interest rates went to zero , essentially , making monetary policy as we know it ineffective ?
When was the last time we had deflation ?
The answers to those questions all point to times other than the U.S. post - World War II experience .
This was the dynamic that occurred in Japan in the ’90s , that occurred in Latin America in the ’ 80s , and that occurred in the Great Depression in the ’30s .
Basically what happens is that after a period of time , economies go through a long - term debt cycle — a dynamic that is self - reinforcing , in which people finance their spending by borrowing and debts rise relative to incomes and , more accurately , debt - service payments rise relative to incomes .
At cycle peaks , assets are bought on leverage at high - enough prices that the cash flows they produce are n’t adequate to service the debt .
The incomes are n’t adequate to service the debt .
Then begins the reversal process , and that becomes self - reinforcing , too .
In the simplest sense , the country reaches the point when it needs a debt restructuring .
General Motors is a metaphor for the United States .
For more on this , see my post “ A conversation with Bridgewater Associates ’ Ray Dalio “
Increasing credit
This is what is happening now .
The problem is that while all this is ongoing , the institutions that issue credit , financial institutions , are hemorrhaging losses .
After all , de-leveraging means institutions are selling out of necessity , not out of opportunity .
And when everyone ’s a seller and few are buyers , asset prices fall and massive losses are the order of the day .
When banks lose money , they have less capital and when their capital gets low enough they can’t lend .
Less lending = less credit = less growth .
So , if we want to get the economy back on its feet , we need to increase lending .
And that is certainly what the alphabet soup of government programs are about : the TALF , the TARP and the TLGP .
That ’s what the bailouts have been about too .
All of this has been done in an effort to recapitalize our banks so that they can start lending again .
It ’s the writedowns , stupid
The problem is the writedowns .
You see , if you get $ 30 billion in capital from the government , but lose another $ 40 billion because of credit writedowns and loan losses , you are n’t going to be lending any money .
To me , that says the downturn will only end when the massive writedowns end , not before .
The U.S. government has finally realized this and is now moving to stem the tide .
Their efforts point in four directions :
Increase asset prices .
If the assets on the balance sheets of banks are falling , then why not buy them at higher prices and stop the bloodletting ?
This is the purpose of the TALF , Obama ’s mortgage relief program and the original purpose of the TARP .
Increase asset prices .
If assets on the balance sheet are falling , why not eliminate the accounting rules that are making them fall ?
Get rid of marking - to - market .
This is the purpose of the newly prosed FASB accounting rule change .
Increase asset prices .
If asset prices on the balance sheet are falling , why not reduce interest rates so that the debt payments which are crushing debtors ability to finance those assets are reduced ?
This is why short - term interest rates are near zero .
Increase asset prices .
If asset prices on the balance sheet are falling , why not create Public - Private partnerships to buy up those assets at prices which reflect their longer - term value ?
This is what Geithner ’s Capital Assistance Program is designed to do .
So I lied , there is only one direction the government is headed : increase asset prices ( or , at least keep them from falling ) .
Read White House Economic Advisor Larry Summers ’ recent prepared remarks to see what I mean .
( Summers on How to Deal With a ‘ Rarer Kind of Recession ’ – WSJ )
Sure , there is always quantitative easing a.k.a. printing money .
But , this is inflation pure and simple .
It is the effective equivalent of a partial default on payments in that the value of money erodes the real burden of debt .
This is also known as beggar - thy - neighbour and leads to nasty protectionist retaliation or competitive currency devaluations — not a very good backup plan .
Better is an increase in real incomes for ordinary Americans , something Summers does discuss in his speech from a few days ago when he discussed President Obama ’s stimulus package .
These plans are not going to work
As aggressive as this campaign by the U.S. government is , it will have limited effectiveness because the extent of the writedowns of assets already on the books is going to be too massive .
In fact , there are four asset classes where we should expect significant further deterioration in quality ( see my post “ Top ten predictions for the 2009 global economy ” for a longer version of this section ) :
Residential Property .
There is significant evidence that residential property distress has moved well into the Alt - A and Prime classes of borrowers .
Commercial Property .
There is equally ample evidence that the commercial real estate market is imploding ( see posts here and here ) .
There will be huge writedowns in this asset class in 2009 .
Leveraged Loans and High Yield .
In February downgrades were outpacing upgrades 49 to 6 .
Heavy losses are likely to occur due to defaults .
( see the FT analysis here ) .
Credit Cards , Auto Loans , and Student Loans .
Credit card default rates were at the highest in 20 years in February .
Meredith Whitney has been beating the drum about this .
She sees credit cards losses taking on tsunami proportions .
The U.S. banking system is effectively insolvent
So , it should be pretty clear that we have some serious losses still left to work through in the financial sector .
I reckon the U.S. banking system is effectively insolvent .
This is what Nouriel Roubini means when he says there will be $ 3.6 trillion in writedowns before this is all over .
This means that banks do not have adequate capital to absorb the likely losses facing them later this year .
To date we have addressed this problem by throwing more money at it — bailing out the banks and attempting to prevent asset prices from falling .
I predict this solution will lead to another panic if continued indefinitely .
( Remember , between now and the summer or fall , the unemployment rate could reach 9 - 10 % , while home prices would still be falling and default rates rising . )
American citizens would realize the system is insolvent and would cease to trust that a reasonable solution was in the offing .
Confidence in America ’s banking system is already lacking , especially in the large banks and large regional banks .
This confidence can only be restored if banks are adequately capitalized now and in the future .
Were we to suffer another round of major writedowns and capital injections into major institutions , I expect all confidence would be lost and bank runs would begin in earnest .
This must be avoided at all costs .
Given the lack of capital the banking system now has and the likely level of writedowns , many institutions are fundamentally insolvent .
They must , therefore , be liquidated or nationalized BEFORE confidence in the system is lost and bank runs occur .
Buying up assets at inflated prices , halting mark - to - market , and reducing interest rates to zero will not reduce the problem assets on bank balance sheets enough to avoid further massive writedowns .
Conclusion
In sum , most available evidence suggests bank writedowns will be massive — perhaps larger than the present capital base of the U.S. banking system .
While , present measures of recapitalizing and bailing out faltering institutions and buying up toxic assets may prove adequate to prevent further writedowns and capital erosion , I would rather err on the side of caution .
Caution dictates an aggressive response — one which should include nationalization or liquidation of a significant number of banking institutions .
Anything less is wishful thinking , the consequences of which could be very dire indeed .
* EU resists US calls for more spending , pledges more for IMF
* Obama pledges $ 5 billion in aid to auto parts makers
* Dollar worst hit since 1985 by doubts over Fed action
* U.N. chief fears crisis sapping resolve on aid for poor ( For more on the financial crisis , click [ nCRISIS ] )
By Darren Ennis and David Lawder
BRUSSELS / WASHINGTON , March 20 ( Reuters ) - The European Union resisted pressure to pump more cash into its recession - hit economies just as Washington added $ 5 billion more to its soaring rescue bill , throwing a lifeline to stricken auto parts makers .
EU leaders are expected , however , to agree on Friday to contribute at least $ 75 billion to the International Monetary Fund to boost its firepower in the face of the worst financial crisis since the 1930s .
The IMF warned the world economy could shrink as much as 1 percent this year , in its first contraction since World War Two .
It said more swift action to purge banks of toxic assets was necessary to make a gradual recovery next year possible .
[ ID :nN19469379 ]
The European leaders also backed a proposal to double to 50 billion euros ( $ 67.5 billion ) an EU crisis fund for eastern European nations outside the euro currency zone .
But they defended the stimulus packages they have already launched , despite calls led by Washington for Europe to spend more and after the Federal Reserve ’s dramatic decision on Wednesday to pump a further $ 1 trillion into the limping economy .
“ You ca n’t think you can solve everything with taxpayers ’ money .
Stimulus packages are already in place and taking us through this challenging time .
We already have done a lot , ” Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt said at a summit of the 27 - nation bloc .
On Thursday , the U.S. government promised $ 5 billion to auto parts suppliers crucial to the survival of U.S. car makers , in the latest effort to buttress an economy now in its 15th month of recession .
[ ID :nN19367617 ]
As rich countries dish out billions to save jobs and companies , U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon said he would appeal to world leaders at next month ’s G20 financial summit to keep their pledges of aid to the poor , defenceless in the face of the crisis .
“ As the situation is deteriorating ... I am concerned that this may inevitably affect the political will and available resources for the developing countries , ” the U.N. secretary general told Reuters in an interview .
[ ID : nN19419247 ]
RECKLESS SPECULATION
U.S. President Barack Obama has pushed through a $ 787 billion stimulus package and his administration has given $ 17.4 billion to struggling car makers to prevent their collapse and save thousands of jobs , with jobless numbers already at record highs .
[ ID :nN19420406 ]
But public rage over $ 165 million in bonuses paid by insurer American International Group AIG .
N after it was saved by a $ 180 billion bailout , continues to haunt Washington 's $ 700 billion financial industry rescue , seen as crucial for economic recovery .
To contain the outrage over what Obama described as a symptom of “ a bubble and bust economy that valued reckless speculation over responsibility and hard work ” , the House of Representatives slapped a heavy tax on the AIG bonuses to recoup most of the payments .
[ ID :nN19298368 ]
Lawmakers also suggested legislation that would ban bonus payments by all bailed - out companies until they fully repay public funds .
The aggressive move by the Fed to pump massive liquidity into the system , which initially lifted global markets , got mixed reviews once investors had more time to digest the possible implications .
The dollar was hardest hit , heading for its worst week in 24 years .
DXY due to fears that by printing more money the Fed will create a glut of the world 's main reserve currency and stoke inflation in the future .
“ This is a historic moment , the start of the debasement of the world ’s reserve currency , and it feels to many participants that in the grand sweep of history we are witnessing the end of ‘ Rome ’ on the Potomac , ” said Alan Ruskin , an RBS strategist .
Stock market sentiment also soured after an initial rally , reflecting worries that the Fed ventured into uncharted waters with its decision to buy $ 300 billion of U.S.
Treasuries with little certainty whether the gambit will pay off .
With Tokyo closed for a holiday , Asia - Pacific stocks .
MIAPJ0000PUS lost nearly 1 percent , tracking a similar fall in U.S. stocks .
SPX overnight .
Shares looked set to fall in Europe , too , with financial spreadbetters predicting early falls of around 1 to 1.3 percent in the major indexes .
SEEKING UNITY
As leaders of the world ’s top 20 economies prepare for a meeting in London on April 2 to forge a global economic action plan , the EU wants to present a united front there .
Many EU leaders favour tightening regulation over running up huge deficits in response to the crisis largely set off by excessive risk - taking by some of the world ’s top financial institutions .
Some EU governments , however , face growing pressure to do more to defuse social unrest .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy attended the summit on a day of mass protests over his handling of a crisis which could push Europe ’s unemployment rate towards 10 percent this year .
[ ID:nLJ209953 ]
( Reporting by Reuters bureau worldwide ; Writing by Tomasz Janowski ; Editing by Ian Geoghegan )
CalBizLit reported here in 2007 on the first verdict in the DBCP cases brought by Nicaraguan banana workers against Dole Foods , and " California Punitive Damages an Exemplary Blog " ( to whom a hat tip goes for this update ) later reported on the punitive damage award .
The trial judge eventually granted in part Doles ' motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict as to the punitive damages .
Now the same judge is taking a close look at some of the many other cases , ordering a hearing on whether two cases involving dozens of workers should be dismissed for fraud .
Little thing about plaintiffs who ( a ) never worked on a banana farm and / or ( b ) had children even though they claimed sterility :
Among the evidence that has emerged in recent months indicating potential fraud : plaintiffs who had never worked on a banana farm , employment documents that were falsified and a Nicaraguan radio broadcast on which [ planitiff attorney ]
Dominguez has told listeners not to cooperate in the case , according to [ Judge ] Chaney 's order .
In a match made in heaven , Prison Planet has joined with former Ambassador and presidential candidate Alan Keyes to suggest that President Barrack Obama plans to “ stage terror attacks , declare martial law and cancel the 2012 elections . ”
While I ’m certainly no Obama fan , that ’s a very serious allegation to be tossing about in such a “ well - respected ” publication .
It ’s also “ surprising ” that they pay attention to anyone who would throw his daughter out of the house , stop “ speaking to her and refuse to pay for college because she is gay . ”
The last time I checked , gay rights were n’t on the agenda at any recent CFR or Bilderberger meetings .
Libertarian , conservative and liberal nutballs have been suggesting that 9/11 was caused by President George W. Bush acting with the same intentions .
I ’ve heard these same folks say Dubya was going to declare martial law and cancel presidential elections .
I ’ve also heard people say that Bill Clinton was going to the same .
I heard similar fantasies during the George H.W. Bush years .
I heard them during the Reagan and Carter years , as well .
While I ’m not old enough to remember earlier examples , I ’m sure such rumors have existed since the founding of the Republic .
Guess what ?
As many years as I ’ve been hearing these reports , it ai n’t happened yet .
Similar to his predecessor , the list of valid grievances against President Obama grows on a daily basis .
My advice to Dr. Keyes is to get back on his medications and attack Obama for offenses committed on this planet .
UPDATE : I just had a call from the media on this , but lost the interview when I made a certain fact known .
For some reason , the interest was lost when they found out that I helped break the DHS story targeting most libertarians and conservatives in the country .
Robyn Williams :
As for those folk who do n't believe Armstrong and Aldrin walked on the Moon in July 1969 , 40 years ago , it 's another manifestation of firm belief about the unlikely .
This was the theme of a conference of sceptics in Las Vegas attended by Mike McRae of CSIRO in Canberra , on credulity , ET , and funding of science in difficult times .
Mike McRae :
In July 1964 , NASA 's Mariner probe began taking detailed snapshots of the surface of Mars , providing astronomers with close - up images for the first time .
The results helped settle a debate that had simmered for over half a century ; whether Mars harboured signs of a current or past civilisation .
During the 19th century American astronomer Percival Lowell explored the surface of Mars by telescope from his home on a mountain in Flagstaff , Arizona .
He proclaimed that the dark lines and shadows he saw were evidence of canals and agriculture .
Most of his peers remained dubious , believing Lowell misinterpreted his observations .
It was with the publishing of his ideas that the popular concept of the Martian was born .
Never again would people look up at the skies without wondering what might be looking back .
The Phoenix lander is NASA 's latest Martian probe .
The lander was looking for signs of alien biochemistry by heating and ' sniffing ' the soil using a gas spectrophotometer .
The presence of just a few molecules would have been an encouraging sign , but sadly none were found .
Dr Phil Plait is author of the books Bad Astronomy and Death from the Skies .
He has worked on the Hubble Telescope and today he is well known for communicating a better understanding of astronomy to the public .
He suggests our efforts in looking for evidence of life on Mars might be born of wishful thinking .
Phil Plait :
There is a lot of wishful thinking in it .
Mars has always thought to be Earth - like for centuries , and then when we finally went there ... it was n't until the 1960s and the 1970s when we sent probes there and learned that it was dry ... we knew there was n't much air , but it was cold and cratered and looked pretty dead .
So it 's possible it could go either way .
The initial science that we 're getting from Mars indicates that life arising there is unlikely , but the Earth formed 4.5 million years ago , and the crust started to cool on the Earth and there was heavy bombardment from space , a tremendous number of comets and asteroids slamming into the Earth keeping the crust molten , making it a living hell on Earth .
As soon as that stopped , and I mean within millions of years of that happening , life started to arise .
We have fossil remnants of single - celled organisms that are billions of years old .
So we know that as soon as the conditions were good on Earth for even a few million years or a few tens or hundreds of millions of years , which is n't that long geologically speaking , life took off .
So sure , we have evidence on Mars that the water flows that we see are what we call catastrophic , it was flooding , there was probably frozen water , ice underneath the surface , and then vulcanism or an impact melted the stuff and you have tremendous floods that were just epic , 100 - metre - high tidal waves of water sweeping across the surface .
But there was water underground .
Mars is a small planet but it's got a lot of surface area , and if Phoenix , which is at about 60 degrees north latitude , which is roughly where Canada is in the northern hemisphere , that 's pretty far north , and it's not hard to imagine that in an entire planet if you take a single probe which is the size of a golf cart and land it on a planet and it can only scoop within a metre away from itself and if you kind of picture that on Earth and if it landed in the Mojave Desert or in the outback or in Antarctica , finding signs of life might be a little tough .
So it 's completely possible that this thing could find nothing and that does n't tell us anything .
It tells us lots of stuff but it does n't tell us whether life ever existed on Mars .
So Mars is still an open book .
Until we get there and really start hammering away at it with robotic probes and maybe people in 20 or 30 years , I do n't think we 're going to get the answer to this question and confirm it .
Mike McRae :
It 's important to remember that science relies on funding , and funding relies on what politicians find significant .
Microbial farts might lack the romantic air of little green men or Lowell 's alien metropolis but could be enough to light the fire for another space race .
Neil deGrasse Tyson is an American astrophysicist and host of the PBS TV series Origins .
He explains the potential political impact of discovering solid evidence of life on another planet .
Neil deGrasse Tyson :
If finding a new biology on another planet is determined to have military value , then yes , there 's a race ; who 's going to get this new life form ?
Who 's going to cultivate it ?
Who 's going to claim ownership of this spot on the planet or on the moon where it was found ?
Humans are humans .
All this talk that , oh , let 's go into space and hold hands and kumbaya because space is different ... space is different but humans are n't , and I 'm not given any reason to believe that we 'll be any kinder to each other in space than we are here on Earth where we kill each other for much less .
So if we find life that could be a boon to the budget , but I 'd rather it not have to be that , I 'd rather people just enjoyed the quest for all that is to be discovered in the universe .
So my goal is to get people excited about the entire frontier of science , so that science as an enterprise is well funded .
If it 's not in this country , it will be funded in other countries and we 're going to feel it because innovations in science and technology will define tomorrow 's economic growth , and if we refuse to invest in it here , those growth opportunities will happen elsewhere .
We 'll fade from significance on the international landscape .
Mike McRae :
If astronomers have maintained a healthy scepticism on the idea of encountering intelligent life , the general population has continued to embrace the possibility with optimism .
An image taken by the Viking I orbiter in 1976 inspired a return to the speculation over Lowell 's alien civilisation .
For many , a lone rocky outcrop in the Cydonia region looked too much like a large face staring stoically up into the heavens to be considered natural .
This was alleged to be irrefutable proof of intelligent life on Mars , a monument carved by creative hands rather than some random geological feature .
Despite the image now proving it to be little more than a curious optical illusion , the myth remains .
Butting heads with Moon - landing denialists and defenders of UFO conspiracies is something few astronomers ever avoid .
Phil Plait has made a career out of it .
He is president of the James Randi Educational Foundation , an organisation focused on promoting scepticism and critical thinking .
For all of its beauty and awe , astronomy is complex , based on principles that , to you and to me , might seem weird .
It attracts misunderstanding , misperception and misinformation .
Considering some people believe the Moon landings were hoaxed and even that complex civilisations thrive on Mars , I asked Phil Plait to predict what the Phoenix mission might have inspired should it have found signs of life .
Phil Plait : Trying to predict the craziness that people come up with is a losing game because there are people out there who are more clever and more bent that rational people can be .
I 'm always shocked .
I 'll see some Hubble picture coming down and I 'll look at it and I 'll think that 's gorgeous and here 's the science behind it , and then a week later something pops up that 's totally whacky , that aliens are manipulating atmospheric gases on Saturn or something like that .
But if we find life on Mars ... and we 're not really geared to do that yet .
The Phoenix lander which is on Mars is looking for the conditions where life can arise , it 's not really looking for life itself .
If there are bacteria in the rock on Mars , Phoenix is not going to find it , but there are going to be future missions that will .
It 's hard to say what people will say .
Religious people , especially in America , the fundamentalist religious people will probably go nuts because special creation is very important to the young Earth creationists , that God created man in his image and this was a one - time event that life is on Earth .
And there are creationists who are saying we wo n't find extraterrestrial life .
Recently actually one of the more famous ones came out and said this , and that 's easy to show wrong , all you have to do is find a bacterium from space and it's all we have to do .
It 's not as easy as all that , but if it happens these guys will go ballistic .
Other people say this validates their beliefs in UFOs and aliens abducting them and all that sort of thing when of course that 's not true at all .
If we find life on Mars it 's going to be living bacteria today , very primitive , or it's going to be fossils from hundreds of millions or billions of years ago .
I 'm not saying we 're going to find life on Mars , I actually think it 's pretty unlikely , but I 'm saying if life is found , if you go with that idea , that 's probably the way it 's going to be .
But what it really means is that life can arise in more than one place .
We do n't know how easy it is for life to arise .
We know that once it showed up on Earth it took hold and it was everywhere and it was really hard to get rid of it , but that does n't mean it 's easy to come up with in the first place , and maybe it started on Mars and was brought here , like on the Mars meteorite , and maybe it started on Earth and moved to Mars , although physically that 's harder .
But it tells us a lot about the conditions that life arises in the universe , and I think that 's one of the most profound things we can wonder about .
Mike McRae :
It 's easy to become cynical and feel that while life might be relatively common in our universe , the sheer diversity of planetary environments means we 're on a fool 's quest to find it sitting close by .
Yet being optimistic might not simply be a case of pure wishful thinking .
Neil deGrasse Tyson .
Neil deGrasse Tyson :
It depends what you mean by ' fool 's quest ' .
There are many places still in our own solar system we have yet to look for life , like deep beneath the Martian soils where we know there is water that 's left over from long ago that is now part of the permafrost of Mars .
There might be fossil evidence of life that once thrived .
Mars , all evidence showed , was once wet and fertile with liquid rivers of water running over its surface .
You can see the dried riverbeds and the meandering river patterns and flood plains and river deltas .
So Mars had a very different past from what it has today .
Mars still needs to be searched .
There are other places , for example , one of the moons of Jupiter , Europa , where the outer surface is icy and it's got this liquid ocean of water , it 's been liquid for billions of years .
Every place on Earth where there 's liquid water there is life .
So that 's one of several other places that can be sighted in our own backyard , but beyond that you can look to other planets with a spectroscopic technique that allows you to search for what are now called biomarkers in the atmosphere .
For example , methane ... this is the gas that is in many people 's stoves , methane is a prime ingredient in the flatulence of cows and the burps of termites .
It 's highly flammable , it is unstable in an atmosphere , ' unstable ' meaning it breaks apart , it bonds with other things , it goes away .
If you find methane in an atmosphere there 's something sustaining it there , there 's some process , and we know that life has a way of sustaining methane .
Oxygen is not stable in an atmosphere .
If you find it then there is some active chemical processing .
Life is a very easy guess for what might be sustaining it .
So there 's a whole movement underfoot right now setting up tables of biomarkers so that you can infer what could be going on on the planet 's surface , and these would be planets on other solar systems outside of our own .
Mike McRae : Even if Mars proves to be sterile , the solar system holds several other potential aces up its sleeve .
Beneath the icy shell of Jupiter 's moon Europa lies an immense watery ocean which could teem with microscopic life .
Failing that , Saturn 's moon Titan presents even stranger possibilities with its thick atmosphere and pools of liquid hydrocarbon .
In either case , given what we know about life here , it 's unlikely the planet will harbour entities with an appreciable IQ .
That said , discovering any new life form will revolutionise our understanding of how life began on Earth .
Never mind that ET wo n't want to phone home , for many people even a single dead amoeba would still be the discovery of the millennium .
Ann Handley is the Editor in Chief of Marketing Profs and a writer .
You can follow her on Twitter .
We know plenty about Twitter 's crazy growth rates and mushrooming membership .
We know about brands on Twitter , celebrities on Twitter , politicians on Twitter .
We know Twitter apps , hashtags , trends , tools , tips and tricks .
But we understand less about the motivations of users :
Why do people use Twitter ?
How do its users feel about common practices there ?
What are their beliefs about Twitter , and how do they view their experiences ?
Big questions , for sure .
But in a recent survey on Twitter , we started to uncover some answers .
Here are the highlights of a survey of 432 highly involved Twitter users ( who spend an average of 2 ¾ hours per day on Twitter ) .
Norms of Reciprocity
Or , " I feel bad when someone does n't follow me back .
( Not ) . "
One of the tenets of social psychology research is the prevalence of reciprocity : that people try to repay , in kind , what another person has provided .
Does the rule of reciprocation hold on Twitter , a free platform steeped in community and access ?
In other words , do people feel that Followers on Twitter should reciprocate in kind , and follow them back ?
Surprisingly , not really .
The survey asked to what extent they agreed that users should follow people who follow them , and whether people who they follow should follow them back .
On a scale ( 1=strongly disagree , 5=strongly agree ) , the mean for both questions was the same ( 2.74 ) .
Essentially , people do n't feel that strongly at all about reciprocation .
( Of course , a more subtle interpretation is that they believe — albeit at a low level — that reciprocation should be balanced . )
Perceptual Beliefs
Or , " People who have a large number of followers are definitely not smarter than those who do n't . "
What does it really mean that Ashton has one million followers , and the writer Paulo Coelho , last year named Spain 's Best International Writer , has a mere 17,827 ?
Does this mean that Ashton could write circles around Paulo ?
Is Ashton more widely respected ?
Or is it really about notoriety and celebrity ?
The latter , according to the survey .
In other words , people in the survey see a modicum amount of respect associated with higher follower numbers , but little association with how " smart " people are .
Emotional Response
Or , " I do n't really care if nobody responds when I tweet something . "
Twitter is often compared to a large cocktail party or a busy office water cooler .
So do people feel bad when they speak and no one is listening ?
Do they care when no one answers back ?
Apparently not .
The survey asked how strongly people believed with the statement , " I feel bad when I tweet something and nobody responds . "
The average ( 2.41 ) reveals that it does n't seem to trouble people — at least , it does n't trouble them all that much .
Motivations
" It 's cool to learn new things from people . "
People use Twitter for all sorts of reasons .
But what are those reasons , exactly ?
Is it about marketing , gathering intelligence , connecting , community ?
Is it for social reasons ?
In a word : Yes .
Twitter may be used as just another lead - generation tool .
Or it may be about connecting with new friends .
But above all , people on Twitter are truly motivated by learning new things and getting information real - time , as it's developing .
About the survey
The survey of 432 Twitter users was conducted by Marketing Profs on Twitter from 4/8 to 4/15 , 2009 .
The data was collected and analyzed by Allen Weiss , Marketing Profs CEO , Professor at USC's Marshall School , and @allenweiss on Twitter .
More Twitter resources from Mashable
“ Compact disc ” is spelled with a “ C ” because that ’s how its inventors decided it should be rendered , but a computer hard disk is spelled with a “ K ” In modern technological contexts , “ disks ” usually reproduce data magnetically , while “ discs ” ( CD - ROMs , DVDs , etc. ) reproduce it “ optically , ” with lasers .
Back to list of errors
BUY THE BOOK !
President Barack Obama boards Air Force One in Mexico City .
The White House issued a health advisory outlining protective measures for anyone on the trip .
W.H. issues advisory after Mexico trip
The White House has issued a health advisory outlining " protective measures " for anyone who traveled on President Barack Obama ’s trip to Mexico after a member of the U.S. delegation came down with flu - like symptoms – and tests on his family showed they ’re probably infected with the swine flu .
The individual – an advance security staffer for Energy Secretary Steven Chu –appears to have spread the flu to his wife , son and nephew .
All three have tested probable for swine flu , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Thursday .
Advertisement
Gibbs , who did not name the security aide , said he did not work closely with Obama , did n’t fly on Air Force One and is back at work at the Energy Department .
But the staffer was at a working dinner Obama attended with Mexican officials April 16 .
The aide “ was asked specifically if he ever came within six feet of the president , and the answer to that was ' No , ' " Gibbs said .
“ The president has not experienced any symptoms , ” Gibbs said .
He said Obama and other aides are “ highly , highly , highly unlikely ” to develop such symptoms now because of the time that has passed since Obama ’s visit on April 16 and 17 and the relatively short incubation period for the flu virus , known as H1N1 .
The disclosure of the likely flu case in the president ’s entourage was startling because Gibbs said earlier this week that White House physicians believed the flu had posed no risk at all to Obama when he visited Mexico .
“ The doctors have informed me … that the President 's health was never in any danger , ” Gibbs said Monday .
Also on Monday , Gibbs had said no one traveling with the president “ in either governmental or press capacity has shown any symptoms that would denote cause for any concern . "
Gibbs said Thursday that Chu ’s aide developed a fever while in Mexico and that several of the aide ’s relatives subsequently fell ill with flu - like symptoms .
The aide has not tested positive for swine flu , probably because so much time has elapsed , but tests on his three relatives came back as “ probable ” cases on Tuesday , Gibbs said .
The man flew back to Washington on a commercial United Airlines flight that landed at Dulles International Airport on April 18 , Gibbs said .
Gibbs said Secretary Chu has shown no flu - like symptoms and has no plans to be tested for the virus .
Gibbs said a White House physician reported that about 10 staffers who traveled to Mexico visited him .
But Gibbs said , “ None of those people , however , came back with any positive tests . ”
The press secretary said officials do n’t expect any more cases related to the trip because of the time that has passed .
The White House advisory echoes the advice of the Centers for Disease Control – and even the president himself at Wednesday ’s news conference – including urging workers to stay home if they suspect they have the virus .
But the advisory also paints that advice as a way to make sure the White House can keep functioning , no matter how serious a global flu outbreak gets .
“ Limiting influenza exposure within the buildings at the White House Complex will allow normal operations to continue , even if the world - wide influenza outbreak becomes more widespread , ” the advisory reads .
Messier 45 ( Pleiades ) DSS2 WikiSky
It can be argued that most people have at least a passing interest at stars .
Looking up at the night sky , we ’re struck by the mystery and majesty of the heavens .
Most of us , however , also do n’t have a clue what we ’re looking at – nor do we know where to even start exploring it .
That ’s where WikiSky comes in – it ’s a virtual stargazing site where you can literally pan through the known universe and then zoom in on places of interest .
Not only do you get to see what a particular area looks like up close , but you ’ll also be given numerous facts about it .
So instead of just reading up on stars with funny names and being bored out of your tree in the process , WikiSky makes it more real by showing you what it looks like too .
The next step would of course be to now go and buy yourself a proper telescope so that you can look at the heavens yourself .
At least then you ’ll know what you ’re looking at !
Visit http://wikisky.org/
and give it a go !
Via iafrica.com
State aid is to be targeted at women , ethnic minorities , the elderly and disabled workers to cushion them from unemployment in the recession , James Purnell , the Work and Pensions Secretary , will announce today .
Mr Purnell will launch a major review of the labour market to prevent " at risk " groups being " left behind " as Britain sinks deeper into an economic downturn .
The Government will work with Trevor Phillips , chairman of the Equality and Human Rights Commission , to prevent the pattern of entrenched unemployment among these groups seen in previous recessions .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Employment for ethnic minorities fell by 10 per cent in the downturn of the early 1990s , compared with a 6 per cent drop overall , and Mr Purnell will pledge that Labour will not repeat the " mistakes " of the past .
Women have been protected in previous recessions because they dominate the public sector , which is less vulnerable to unemployment , but there are fears that this time female workers – especially those in part - time jobs – could be cast aside by employers .
The review will produce reports every three months showing which groups are suffering disproportionately in the recession .
It will identify any particular disadvantages within the labour market as early as possible , allowing the Government to formulate " discreet policy responses " where appropriate .
In practical terms , a source close to Mr Purnell said , an example of this would mean the Government diverting money to job centres in areas with large ethnic minorities to ensure the widest scope of work is offered .
But the move will be viewed by some as a controversial politically correct measure that stops just short of positive discrimination , which is illegal .
An independent analysis of unemployment has shown that jobless figures are rising faster in middle - class areas than the traditionally disadvantaged hotspots .
There is no evidence so far that any at - risk group has been hit by the downturn .
In fact , official figures show that men are faring worse than women .
Mr Purnell will announce the measure at a speech to Labour 's Black Asian and Minority Ethnic conference in Leicester today .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
The move is a clear sign that ministers are desperate to refocus attention from rows over bonuses and pensions for bankers to fighting unemployment .
It will also be seen as an attempt by Mr Purnell , a possible successor to Gordon Brown , to appeal to the left of the Labour Party , which is rebelling over the Government 's plans to part - privatise the Royal Mail .
The Work and Pensions Secretary will say : " In the past , too many were left behind in bad times .
" Ethnic minority workers suffered most in the Tory recessions .
Just think of the waste of human potential .
Whole communities were abandoned .
Families where no one then worked for generations .
Unemployment among older workers was deeper and more prolonged ...
And we squandered the talents of a generation of disabled people – left at home , a life on benefits with literally no help or support .
" And we know what happened to ethnic minorities , the older workers , the disabled .
Over half a million were pushed on to incapacity benefit and forgotten about .
But , as much as the Tories might have wanted them to , they did n't just disappear .
We still bear the scars of those decisions in so many communities and households today .
" In this recession , evidence so far is that its effects ... are being spread across the population more evenly .
But we will not take any chances . "
A source close to Mr Purnell said : " We are determined to make sure the mistakes made in the past , when groups at risk were not given the help they needed ... are not repeated . "
Over the past year , the UK female employment rate has fallen by 0.3 percentage points , while the male employment rate has fallen by 1.0 percentage points .
In the 1980s and 1990s downturns women fared comparably better than men in terms of employment .
Between 1990 and 1993 the employment gap between the sexes fell from 15.5 percentage points to around 10 percentage points .
However , the Women 's minister , Harriet Harman , warned recently that there was a " major fear " that women will be unlawfully targeted by employers during this recession .
The demography of the country has also changed since the last recession , with the ethnic minority population increasing from 2.6 million in 2001 to 4.1 million in 2008 .
The number of older workers has increased , while the composition of the disabled population is changing , with a growing proportion not reporting work - limiting disabilities .
* For more cool stories , pictures , and videos of chemistry demonstrations , click here *
This week ’s lab involved taking the unknown carboxylic acid from experiments 1 ( acid / base extraction ) and 2 ( purification by recrystallization ) and converting it to a primary amide .
The acid was refluxed in neat thionyl chloride and added dropwise to 30 % ammonium hydroxide .
Extract with dichloromethane and evaporate .
The fumes from this lab are pretty nasty .
The reagents are bad enough – the lab smelled like ammonia all day – but sulfur dioxide and HCl gas are liberated during the reaction .
The “ fume hoods ” in the ugrad labs are n’t so hot , so the students attach a long - stem funnel ( where do I sign up to be a glassware photographer ?! ) to the water aspirator and invert the funnel over the reaction mixture as it refluxes .
This collects the fumes as an extra “ mini fume hood ” during the reaction .
Amides are really interesting compounds .
I did n’t realize how much I had to say about them until I was preparing notes for the pre-lab handouts / lecture .
Amide bonds are how our amino acids link together to form proteins , but that ’s really the least exciting property .
The lone pair on nitrogen can participate in resonance with the C=O double bond .
This zwitterionic resonance structure is actually a fairly significant resonance contributor .
If you were to take an NMR of a dimethyl substituted amide like the one shown above , you might expect to see one singlet integrating to 6 protons corresponding to the two equivalent methyl groups .
If this were an isopropyl ketone instead of a dimethyl amide , you ’d be right , as the rotation about the single bond makes the methyl group equivalent .
However , due to the significant double bond character of the C - N bond , there is restricted rotation about the C - N bond .
The rotation is so restricted , that the bond rotates so slowly that the two methyl groups are actually not equivalent , and you see two singlets integrating to 3 protons each , one for each methyl group .
If you heat the sample , though ( and many NMR ’s have variable temperature capabilities ) , you begin to apply more energy to the system .
The system can use this energy to rotate about the C - N bond .
As you apply more and more heat , eventually the amide has enough energy to rotate about the C - N bond fast enough to make the methyl groups equivalent , and the two singlets coalesce into one singlet .
You can take NMR spectra at all these various temperatures and plot them on a single paper to give the cool 3 - D effect of the signals coalescing into one signal :
We did that experiment in my ugrad advanced organic class .
It was one of the cooler experiments I did as an undergrad .
( No , that ’s not my VT NMR .
I have no idea what that NMR is from )
All that ’s really cool , but it has nothing to do with the demo for this week .
The demo I did was the Nylon Rope Trick .
If you add a diacid chloride ( like adipoyl chloride ) in an organic solvent to a diamine ( like hexamethylenediamine ) in water , you get a biphasic mixture .
At the phase boundry , the diamine reacts with the diacid , where one side of the amine adds to one of the diacids to give an amide bond .
With two reactive sites on both molecules , the amide grows and grows into one long chain of amide bonds .
This polymer is nylon ( click for larger ) .
This type of polymer , where the polymer alternates each monomer one unit at a time , is called an alternating copolymer .
There are aparently several ways to make nylon .
In theory you should just be able to add the diacid ( dissolved in water ) to the diamine ( dissolved in organic solvent ) and the diacid is supposed to act as both catalyst and reagent .
That did not work in my hands .
This page gives a really nice background as well as two other procedures for making nylon .
It is significantly more common to take the diacid chloride in an organic solvent and add that to the diamine in water .
Several pages ( here , here , here ) suggest dissolving the diamine in aqueous sodium carbonate or sodium hydroxide .
That , too , never worked in my hands .
You can also ring - open polymerize caprolactam .
I did n’t have access to caprolactam , so I could n’t try that way .
You can also use either the 6 - carbon diacid ( adipic acid ) or the 10 - carbon diacid ( sebacic acid ) .
I only had access to adipic acid , so that was all I could use .
I must have tried this demo 5 or 6 times before I got it to work .
For each try , I had to make the acid chloride from the diacid , so it was not trivial to practice this demo .
As I said , just mixing the diacid and diamine did n’t work .
Neither did preparing a soludion of the diamine in an aqueous base .
It also appears diamines with carbon chains shorter than 5 carbon atoms are a no - go , too .
I had the 3 carbon and 2 carbon diamines , but neither of them gave good results .
What did end up working for me was a solution of the diacid chloride in hexanes and a solution of the diamine in water .
This worked once in practice before I tried it for real .
When I did it in lab , I suspect the solutions were too dilute .
I kept getting phase - boundry - sized disks of nylon , but no continuously growing string .
I think having the two phases be more concentrated would have helped .
When I practiced , I was able to pull a string about 4 feet long or so .
The picture is below ( click for larger ) .
There are two main ways of pulling the nylon from the solution , it seems .
One is to catch it on a stirring rod or boiling stick , then wind the string around the stick as it forms .
The other way is to grab the nylon with forceps and just keep pulling .
You can get a surprising amount of nylon from a few grams of starting materials .
Video below
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( CNN ) -- Zimbabwe 's new finance minister Wednesday complained that President Robert Mugabe 's government is running on taxes and duties paid on beer and cigarettes .
Biti said spending will outstrip Zimbabwe 's income by almost $ 1 billion .
As he presented his revised 2009 budget to parliament , Finance Minister Tendai Biti noted that " indirect taxes made up of customs and excise duty have contributed 88 percent of government revenue , which means that the government has been literally sustained by beer and cigarettes . "
" This is unacceptable , " the minister added .
Biti projected that revenue expectations for the year would come in at about $ 1 billion -- some $ 700 million less than the figure declared earlier this year by the former finance minister , a Mugabe appointee .
Biti is a member of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change party , which agreed to join a coalition Cabinet .
Projected spending for the year would be more than $ 1.9 billion , Biti said , resulting in nearly a billion - dollar deficit .
" We are now implementing the basic law of hunting economics , " the minister declared .
" What we gather is what we eat . "
Zimbabwe is in the throes of an economic crisis that critics blame on bad governance by Mugabe 's administration since he came to power 29 years ago .
Economists say skewed government policies , an often violent land reallocation program and corruption have milked the Zimbabwean economy , once the breadbasket of southern Africa .
They also blame the current situation on overspending , due to the continued printing of the now - abandoned Zimbabwe dollar .
Many are hoping that the recent formation of the power - sharing government that put MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai in the prime minister 's seat will create policies to ease the economic crisis .
All About Zimbabwe • Robert Mugabe • Morgan Tsvangirai
Ca n't say I agree with the Rev. Jesse Jackson on a whole lot of things , but he 's making sense when he talks about the media and its apparent influence on crime .
While he does not rule out a link ( after all , violent people do like violent movies and games ) he has dismissed the possibility that videogames can be blamed , instead suggesting that economics are what drive violence .
Speaking at a conference chaired by game - hater and corrupt , lying idiot Keith Vaz , Jackson refuted the idea that games are evil .
This contradicts the views of Keith " I abuse my position for favors from scumbags " Vaz himself .
" Those who grow drugs in Afghanistan – they do n't listen to music , " he says , illustrating the point that the Taliban banned a lot of entertainment , and that never stopped violence in the Middle East .
" There is some link .
Is art imitating life , is life imitating art ?
We want artists not to use their skills to desensitize people ... but the economic impact of life options determines whether one is headed up or down . "
Jackson 's sentiments are captured perfectly by the case most pursued by Mr. Vaz .
The corrupt politician jumped on the murder of Stephan Pakeerah by Warren LeBlanc , blaming the violent videogame Manhunt .
However , it later transpired that the murder was a result of LeBlanc 's mugging attempt , and did n't emulate Rockstar 's controversial title .
Lying idiot Keith Vaz still clings onto his disproven notion to this very day , but I have to say that Jackson makes a much more convincing argument .
Sen .
Russ Feingold is reintroducing legislation calling for the abolishment of the practice .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Feingold pushes end to death penalty
Sen .
Russ Feingold , carrying the liberal mantle as he so often does , is reintroducing legislation calling for the abolishment of the death penalty .
Feingold ’s Federal Death Penalty Abolition
Act of 2009 would put an immediate halt to federal executions and forbid the use of the death penalty as a sentence for violations of federal law .
The bill follows New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson ’s move this week to abolish the death penalty .
Advertisement
“ Gov. Bill Richardson and the New Mexico Legislature ’s action to abolish the death penalty in that state adds to the growing momentum behind ending the death penalty in this country , ” Feingold said .
“ It is truly unfortunate that we are in a shrinking minority of countries that continue to allow state - sponsored executions . ”
The bill is likely to go nowhere outside Feingold ’s subcommittee on the Constitution , Civil Rights and Property Rights .
( CNN ) -- Earth
Day may fall later this week , but as far as former NASA astronaut Edgar Mitchell and other UFO enthusiasts are concerned , the real story is happening elsewhere .
Astronaut Edgar Mitchell , shown after his Apollo mission in 1971 , claims there " is no doubt we are being visited . "
Mitchell , who was part of the 1971 Apollo 14 moon mission , asserted Monday that extraterrestrial life exists , and that the truth is being concealed by the U.S. and other governments .
He delivered his remarks during an appearance at the National Press Club following the conclusion of the fifth annual X - Conference , a meeting of UFO activists and researchers studying the possibility of alien life forms .
Mankind has long wondered if we 're " alone in the universe .
[ But ] only in our period do we really have evidence .
No , we 're not alone , " Mitchell said .
" Our destiny , in my opinion , and we might as well get started with it , is [ to ] become a part of the planetary community .
...
We should be ready to reach out beyond our planet and beyond our solar system to find out what is really going on out there . "
Mitchell grew up in Roswell , New Mexico , which some UFO believers maintain was the site of a UFO crash in 1947 .
He said residents of his hometown " had been hushed and told not to talk about their experience by military authorities . "
They had been warned of " dire consequences " if they did so .
But , he claimed , they " did n't want to go to the grave with their story .
They wanted to tell somebody reliable .
And being a local boy and having been to the moon , they considered me reliable enough to whisper in my ear their particular story . "
Roughly 10 years ago , Mitchell claimed , he was finally given an appointment at Pentagon to discuss what he had been told .
An unnamed admiral working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff promised to uncover the truth behind the Roswell story , Mitchell said .
The stories of a UFO crash " were confirmed , " but the admiral was then denied access when he " tried to get into the inner workings of that process . "
The same admiral , Mitchell claimed , now denies the story .
" I urge those who are doubtful : Read the books , read the lore , start to understand what has really been going on .
Because there really is no doubt we are being visited , " he said .
" The universe that we live in is much more wondrous , exciting , complex and far - reaching than we were ever able to know up to this point in time . "
A NASA spokesman denied any cover-up .
" NASA does not track UFOs .
NASA is not involved in any sort of cover - up about alien life on this planet or anywhere else -- period , " Michael Cabbage said Monday .
Debates have continued about what happened at Roswell .
The U.S. Air Force said in 1994 that wreckage recovered there in 1947 was most likely from a balloon - launched classified government project .
Stephen Bassett , head of the Paradigm Research Group ( PRG ) , which hosted the X - Conference , said that the truth about extraterrestrial life is being suppressed because it is politically explosive .
" There is a third rail [ in American politics ] , and that is the UFO question .
It is many magnitudes more radioactive than Social Security ever dreamed to be , " Bassett said .
All About UFOs and Alien Abductions • Roswell ( New Mexico ) • NASA
With the price of Wii Motion Plus bringing the cost of a full Wiimote to a whopping $ 80 , we thought we 'd reexamine the true cost of buying a console today .
Which is truly the cheapest ?
Advertisement
We 're going to pretend we 're either a family of four or an apartment that wants a system loaded up with four controllers .
We 'll assume you want to be able to recharge your controllers rather than wasting money on disposable batteries , and we 'll pick the model of each console that we 'd recommend to a family member asking us for advice .
We 'll also factor in the cost of 2 games , because nobody buys a console without a game .
Advertisement
So what 's the true cost of going out and buying a system today ?
Let 's find out .
Playstation 3
Cost of console : $ 400 ( 80 GB )
Cost of 3 extra controllers : $ 43 x 3 = $ 129
Cost of charging station : $ 25
Cost of 2 games : $ 120
Cost of HDMI cable : $ 3
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
G/O Media may get a commission From amazon Buy now
Total : $ 677
Wii
Cost of console : $ 250
Cost of 3 extra controllers : $ 36 x 3 = $ 108
Cost of 3 Nunchuks : $ 18 x 3 = $ 54
Cost of 4 Wii Motion Pluses : $ 20 x 4 = $ 80
Cost of charging station w/ 4 rechargeable batteries : $ 49
Cost of 2 games : $ 100
SD card : $ 12 ( 8GB )
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission $ 730 Wii From amazon 8 purchased by readers Buy now
Total : $ 653
Xbox 360
Cost of console : $ 300 ( 60 GB )
Cost of 3 extra controllers : $ 37 x 3 = $ 111
Cost of 2 rechargeable batteries : $ 12 x 2 = $ 24
Cost of recharging station w/ 2 rechargeable batteries : $ 30
Cost of 2 games : $ 120
Cost of Xbox Live membership : $ 43 ( 13 months )
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From amazon Buy now
Total : $ 628
As you can see , the prices of all three consoles are incredibly close , and you can obviously fiddle with these configurations to change them .
If you only want 2 controllers and are planning to only play Wii Sports , the Wii is still the cheapest , but a fully - loaded Xbox 360 with a year of Live is actually cheaper than the fully - loaded Wii ( although it 's the only console without WiFi , so add $ 80 if you really need that ) .
And the PS3 is surprisingly close in price , thanks to its controllers having built - in batteries and its free online service .
The Nintendo controller scheme really rockets it up in price , and it 's pretty amazing that a Wii with 4 controllers is only $ 24 less than a PS3 with 4 controllers .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From amazon Buy now
So really , it comes down to what you want in a console .
But it 's surprising to see that , in real - world prices , all three systems will set you back about the same amount , with the Xbox 360 being the cheapest of them all even when you factor in a monthly fee for online gaming .
APRIL 24 -- Terry Nichols , the domestic terrorist who teamed up with Timothy McVeigh to murder 168 people , 19 of them children , in the Oklahoma City bombing , is unhappy with his prison diet , which has left him struggling with ' chronic constipation , bleeding , hemorrhoids ' due to a lack of insoluble fiber .
Remarkably , a federal judge yesterday rejected Nichols 's bid for a preliminary injunction against the Bureau of Prisons , though a lawsuit filed last month by the 54 - year - old killer remains pending .
As seen on the pages at left , the complaint filed by Nichols - - who is imprisoned at the ' Supermax ' lockup in Florence , Colorado -- contends that ' God created mankind to consume unrefined whole foods ' that work ' in a synergistic way to keep one 's body ( i.e. God 's holy temple ) in good health to ward off various diseases . '
Nichols , who stresses that he is ' not a terrorist , ' helpfully included a proposed diet that prison officials should serve ( or make available at the Florence commissary ) .
The mass murderer , it seems , is a big fan of Kellogg 's bran products .
To support his legal claim , Nichols has rounded up declarations from six fellow Florence inmates , each of whom is supposedly beset with assorted digestive issues .
Eric Rudolph , whose bombs killed victims at abortion clinics and the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , reports that the ' refined and highly processed ' food served to killers like him causes ' constipation , gas , and stomach cramps . '
Like Nichols , Rudolph believes ' our bodies ' are ' sacred and should be treated as such . ' ( 9 pages )
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Photo
Note the obviously discolored water , even in this small quantity
I would like to share with you a letter sent to me by Daniel Zuma , a member of our UNION prison reform group with a graduate degree who gives us a first person , professionally qualified description of water at Duel Vocational Institute , a prison at Tracy , California and conditions he personally witnessed after he was terrorized by law enforcement .
He was harshly sentenced to three years on a first arrest for possesion of recreational drugs .
A senior citizen who was harming no one , a well - educated , gentle person who worked for years helping people in state service , thrown into prison .
Whom did this benefit ?
No wonder we have no state budget and so many people are walking around traumatized for life after a ridiculous prison sentence .
Here is Daniel 's shocking account .
He is now out of prison , but he told me that he will never get over how his own life was devastated by what he endured and witnessed there .
It is a key to why nobody is getting out of prison as a better person , but are instead broken in mind , body and spirit .
Here 's the letter from a very courageous man whose government has destroyed him over a victimless " crime " .
After his letter , I discuss other instances of poison water in the state 's prisons and call everyone to rally with us outside the San Francisco , California federal courthouse on February 4 , 2009
Begin Letter from Daniel Zuma
Dear Rev. Bird : Nobody ever expects to go to prison , least of all someone who has never been in trouble before , and who has retired from a career in civil service .
But , a friend of mine got caught for possession of drugs and they offered him his freedom in exchange for mine .
The government broke down my front door , destroyed my faith in humanity , ruined me financially , and sentenced me to 3 years in prison for drug possession .
Prison did nothing about my drug use except to traumatize me to an extent that I would only be more likely to use them in the future ( drug use is one of the defining criteria of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ) .
Prison also ruined my physical health , leaving me bitter and in chronic physical pain .
To my surprise , the vast majority of the people I met in prison were there for non-violent offenses -- mostly for drug possession , or for technical violations of their conditions of parole -- things like " failure to follow directions , " failing to keep an appointment , or turning in a dirty drug or alcohol test ; i.e. , things that are not even crimes .
Many were over 50 years old , like myself .
I was at Deuel Vocational Institute in Tracy CA , where the water runs gray and sometimes brown from the tap .
It tastes of industrial chemicals and fermented cow urine , since a dairy sits atop the shallow aquifer from which the prison draws 620,000 gallons per day .
It ´s disgusting even in the best of times ; the staff won´t drink it ; there are signs warning visitors not to drink it ; and trying to wash anything white only makes them dirtier .
In mid-May of 2006 , Plant Ops did some routine maintenance changing over the pipes bringing water into the prison .
They turned the water off to the entire prison for about 18 hours , and when they turned it back on , the water ran black and thick as paint for nearly a day , after which it gradually went back to its usual gray .
The staff brought trash cans full of potable water into the large dorms , and gave the prisoners buckets to help flush the toilets .
The roughly 3,900 prisoners confined two to a cell were completely without water ; 379 prisoners and eight staff members were seriously sickened by some sort of diarrheal disease , variously identified as the Norovirus , Campylobacter and , according to one Doctor I spoke to , " a mixture of fecal bacteria " that were never conclusively identified .
DVI is a reception center - - a feeder prison -- which sends about 750 inmates per week to Mule Creek , Wasco , Folsom and elsewhere in the Central Valley .
It is , therefore , the first stop for any epidemic entering the prison system .
Between May 16 and May 23 , 2006 , 1,344 inmates and 14 correctional staffers at 10 prisons came down with the disease .
From the 1950s to the 1980s , DVI was used as a firefighter training facility .
Chemicals would be ignited in an open pit and extinguished by firefighting personnel .
Consequently , there are now high concentrations of Volatile Organic Compounds , such as PCE , TCE , and DCE in the groundwater .
The prison dairy contributes significant amounts of nitrates and fecal bacteria , which leach into the water table only 12 feet below .
Instead of filtration , the prison relies on high levels of chlorination to suppress fecal contamination , so there are high levels of chlorides ( i.e. , the " C " in PCE , TCE and DCE ) in the water .
In addition to manganese and iron , the water at DVI has a very high salt content due to it´s proximity to San Francisco Bay .
So , the water is very " filling , " but it does n't quench your thirst .
During intestinal disease outbreaks and in hot weather , it is very difficult to stay hydrated or to flush the accumulated toxins from your body .
( This is a particular danger for the elderly , or the many inmates who are on psychotropic medications due to mental health problems . )
After three months of drinking the DVI water I developed a rash over 80 % of my body , which was so itchy I would scratch myself bloody in my sleep .
It also affected my joints and my vision , and only cleared up when I was able to obtain bottled water .
I went to Mainline Medical to try to get a prescription or a medical " Chrono " for bottled water , or else a transfer to another institution with clean water .
I was told by Dr. Fox , the Chief of the Medical Staff , that they did n't have the power to grant either request , and besides , I could n't prove medically that it was the water ( even though my rash would come back when I started drinking the water again ) .
I was advised to file a Medical 602 , an Inmate Appeal which , in keeping with the normal standard of incompetence in these matters , was routed to the prison´s Chief Engineer as a " quality of life " issue , who denied it on the grounds that there was nothing he could do about the water .
Unlike many inmates I was fortunate enough to have family who could send me my own money from the outside , and I was able to purchase 2 - liter bottles for 90 cents each once a month at the prison canteen .
But then CDC suddenly canceled these from the canteen inventory in favor of 20 oz bottles at triple the price .
I filed an Appeal on the price increase , citing my own health reasons and the fact that clean water is a necessity of life and health .
After nearly a year of working my way through the various levels of appeal , it was finally turned down at the highest level by CDC in Sacramento .
They said that the decision to raise the price on water was made at the state level by a committee and , having been made , it can not be unmade just for me .
Apparently , allowing all prisoners access to clean water -- even at their own expense -- was not deemed sufficiently reasonable to revisit the committee´s decision .
I know from my own years of experience in state government that there is no impediment to modifying a contract of this sort .
They simply did not consider the health of inmates worth the effort .
In the meantime , I began documenting cases of others who had filed grievances at DVI and found a consistent pattern of obstruction and delay -- and , when appeals were granted , the outcomes were deliberately calculated to make the situation worse , so as to convince the inmates of the futility of trying to change the system by working within it .
All of the organizational self - correcting mechanisms have been disconnected in CDC -- there is no meaningful press access ; no outside audits ; no inmate self - governance ; no checks and balances ; no whistle blower protection ; chaplains can be fired for disclosing substandard conditions ; and a recent federal case brought by an inmate at Pelican Bay regarding the serving of hot meals has shown that even the federal courts cannot force CDC to follow its own rules -- should a prisoner survive the year - long gauntlet of delay and reprisals that pervades the Inmate Appeals Process .
What I didn´t know at the time is that polluted drinking water had been known about for decades at DVI and elsewhere , but it has been largely ignored as overcrowded prisons overtax the aquifers from which they draw their water .
Nitrate contamination due to fertilizers is especially common in rural areas , such as the Salinas Valley State Prison near Monterey ; the California Institution for Men ( CIM ) in Chino ; at the California Men´s Colony ( CMC ) in San Luis Obispo ; and the nearby California Institution for Women ( CIW ) .
Mule Creek State Prison´s water is contaminated with dry cleaning chemicals ;
Old Folsom´s water is contaminated by toxic waste from the old scrap metal , drum storage , industrial manufacturing areas , and a firing range .
At Kern Valley State Prison , there are high levels of arsenic in the water .
Alkalinity , asbestos and fecal contamination are issues at Avenal .
Inmates have also been sickened by the water at the Sierra Conservation Center in Jamestown , and by outbreaks of Helicobacter pylori ( a bacterium that causes peptic ulcers ) at the California Rehabilitation Center in Norco .
If there is any pollution in the local water table , it tends to get sucked into the prison because of the rates of pumping have to keep up with overcrowding .
To make matters worse , prisons only concentrate these pollutants further , and they discharge them back into the host communities , who are forced to subsidize the cost of treating the excess sewage .
Between 2000 and 2006 , eight of California 's 33 state prisons have been cited for major water pollution problems .
Folsom State Prison , for example , was fined $ 700,000 in 2000 for a massive 700,000 gallon sewage spill into the adjacent American River .
When living without air conditioning , water becomes a life or death matter .
The summer I was at DVI , several people collapsed from the heat ; three others died at Vacaville , a prison not far away .
There is absolutely no excuse for not having reverse osmosis units attached to the drinking fountains in the dorms and cell blocks .
It is n´t done because no one in authority thinks that the prisoners need or deserve unpolluted water .
There is no public outcry , therefore no reason to care .
In one 214 - person minimum security ranch dorm where I was housed , two people died in the space of 6 months because the guards simply would not call the paramedics even though it was obvious that one man was having a stroke , and the other had fallen out of his bunk and was unconscious .
Instead , the guards called for a pickup truck to take them to Mainline Medical , which took 45 minutes to arrive .
They had to drag the poor men out on a blanket because they had no stretcher or any emergency equipment that paramedics would have normally brought .
The prisoners died in Mainline Medical , and their families were told it was due to " natural causes . "
It was , however , simply cold , callous neglect .
Daniel Zuma
This is Y - Dorm at DVI .
I lived in Z - Dorm which is on the other side of the back wall partition .
It is twice the size but there are only 14 working toilets for 300 people .
Prisoners are issued one eating utensil and one cup , but there are only two sinks ( adjacent to the toilets ) , and no hot water or dish soap .
Notice the lack of places to sit and write letters .
Prisoners have to sit crouched or lay or their bunks upwards of 20 hours per day , causing all sorts of back and neck problems .
There is no air - conditioning or ice here , and temperatures regularly climb into the 100s in the summer .
Sources :
------------------------------
More notes from B. Cayenne Bird about tainted water and what we need to do about it .
WEINBOURG , France ( Reuters ) - Bright winter sun dissolves a blanket of snow on barn roofs to reveal a bold new sideline for Jean - Luc Westphal : besides producing eggs and grains , he is to generate solar power for thousands of homes .
French farmer Jean - Luc Westphal inspects solar panels , set up in what will be the biggest integrated solar panel roof of the world , at his farm in Weinbourg , Eastern France February 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Vincent Kessler
Economic crisis has cast doubt on funding hopes for many big renewable energy projects , but the giant panels built into roofs on this sloping farm at the foot of the Vosges hills in eastern France are attracting attention from farmers to financiers .
Westphal is one of a small but growing band of farmers in the European Union ’s biggest agricultural producer who are taking up new incentives for solar power to supplement farm incomes as well as help France meet renewable energy targets .
“ We ’re trying to go a bit beyond agriculture to earn our living in a different way , ” said Jean - Luc Leonhart , an old classmate of Westphal ’s visiting his friend ’s project with a view to installing solar panels on his own farm .
In a mountainous region famed for Munster - Gerome cheeses and good quality white wines , Westphal is working on a grand scale .
His built - in panels form one of the largest integrated installations of photovoltaic systems -- which generate electricity direct from solar power -- yet built .
The 20 million euro ( $ 26 million ) investment means constructing five enormous sheds covered by 36,000 square meters of solar panels with a capacity to generate 4.5 megawatts ( MW ) of electricity , enough to power 4,000 homes .
“ It ’s quite a gamble , ” said Westphal , who runs the farm with his brother .
The size , combined with a government guarantee of long - term electricity contracts at an inflation - linked “ feed - in ” tariff , helped win the scheme bank support .
Banque Populaire jointly financed Westphal ’s project with Credit Agricole , France ’s leading lender to farmers .
“ It was the economies of scale that convinced them , ” Westphal said .
The farmer expects to generate 2 million euros a year in electricity sales from his solar site .
INTEGRATED SOLAR BOOM
The type of solar - panel roof Westphal is using -- known as “ integrated ” because the panels are built into the roof rather than superimposed -- is booming in France thanks to legislation creating 20 - year contracts with strong incentives to sell electricity to the grid .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
At 0.55 euros per kWh , integrated solar photovoltaic panels generate nearly twice the revenue of ground - mounted and superimposed solar panels .
The built - in technology is encouraged by the authorities as aesthetically acceptable , in a country where wind farms have been sharply criticised as eyesores .
A key element of a government goal to have renewables make up 23 percent of French energy consumption in 2020 , the feed - in tariffs show France imitating Germany , Europe ’s leader in solar and wind power .
“ France ’s ambition is to play a leading role in the technological revolution which is about to happen in solar power , ” Environment and Energy Minister Jean - Louis Borloo said in November .
France is heavily reliant on nuclear plants , whose capacity of 63,260 MW dwarfs the 25 MW of solar power switched to the French grid by late 2008 .
But the country has already doubled its solar capacity annually since 2006 , according to renewable energy producers ’ group SER , and the government ’s goal is to multiply this to 5,400 MW by 2020 by luring homeowners , farmers and businesses with attractive tariffs .
“ There is a real bubble effect , ” said Stephane Maureau , chief executive of Evasol , an installation firm that works in partnership with Tenesol , the solar panel maker jointly owned by electricity group EDF and oil major Total .
Adding to the incentives is a fall in the price of solar - grade silicon used in the panels -- it is forecast by some to decline by more than 30 percent this year .
Whereas in 2007 it was receiving a couple of requests a month from farmers to install solar panels , last year Evasol saw about 30 each month , Maureau said .
For his industrial - size installation , Jean - Luc Westphal is operating under his own company , Hanau Energies , and being supplied with panels by Japanese manufacturer MSK , part of China ’s Suntech Power Holdings Co Ltd .
NO JACKPOT
With farmers ’ incomes subject to increasing volatility -- linked to rising global demand , extreme weather and speculative interest in commodities -- and the European Union scaling back direct farm subsidies , renewable energies have emerged as a supplementary option .
After two years of healthy rises on the back of surging commodity prices , average farm income in France fell 15 percent in 2008 , according to the French farm ministry , as producers faced falling prices coupled with increasing costs .
But even if banks were happy to fund Westphal ’s project and Evasol ’s Maureau says demand has inflated rapidly , the credit squeeze has made them more reluctant and apparently hurt big players like Suntech , which reported a fourth - quarter loss .
“ There is not going to be as much money as before for this type of project , ” said Arnaud Berger , head of sustainable development at Banque Populaire .
For other farmers considering solar energy , a cooperative would be a good way to create economies of scale without a huge individual investment , he added .
One example is a group of 77 cattle breeders in the Aveyron region of south - west France , who formed a company , SAS Adder , to manage the 17 million euro construction of 33,0000 square meters of integrated roof panels on their farms .
“ It ’s about minimizing the costs , spreading the risk and sharing the profits , ” said Pierre Bastide , Adder ’s president .
Adder ’s project is one of 30 in the area of sustainable development that will receive a ministry award at the Paris Farm Show running to March 1 .
Farmers remain characteristically cautious , however .
“ The return on investment is decent enough but not extraordinary , ” Evasol ’s Maureau said .
“ The motivation for farmers is more like to have an extra retirement pension . ”
Mozilla today is best known as a browser vendor , but one day it could be known as a Web services vendor , too .
That 's thanks to a services backend that has at its heart a Mozilla Labs project called Weave .
The project is an effort to enable users to synchronize and save data on Mozilla infrastructure .
Mozilla introduced
Weave in late 2007 and has had three big releases -- versions 0.1 , 0.2 and 0.3 .
Downloads and usage of the client software , which is available as a browser add - on called Weave Sync , remain relatively modest .
Dan Mills , Mozilla Weave lead told InternetNews.com that Weave has had over 30,000 downloads , and around 6,000 to 7,000 daily users .
Still , ambitions remain high .
Weave represents a new model for Mozilla , where users rely on Mozilla for more than just a browser interface , but for data as well .
In some ways , the effort can be seen as competitive with social bookmarking sites like Delicious , though the overall goal for Weave is intended to be broader than just bookmarks .
" Weave is a broad project with many moving parts , " Mills explained .
" Our focus has been to develop the Weave Sync client and server architecture , to make it scalable and fast , and getting the core down to a size that can fit on handheld devices .
Going forward , our challenge will be to build upon this core to increase our users ' ability to connect and share information with the rest of the Web . "
That effort took a step forward with the Weave 0.3 release in late March , in which Mozilla added support for synchronization across both mobile and desktop browsers .
" The 0.3 release was a big milestone for the Weave project , " Mills said .
" Using the experience we gained from the Weave 0.1 and 0.2 releases , we redesigned and rewrote several key components of the Weave architecture . "
The " secret " documents clutched by Mr Quick were clearly on show Britain 's top counter - terrorism officer has quit after admitting he could have jeopardised an operation to thwart a possible UK al - Qaeda terror plot .
Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick resigned after he accidently revealed a secret document to photographers .
Police were forced to bring their operation forward and arrested 12 men - 11 of whom are Pakistanis .
Gordon Brown said Mr Quick had said sorry for what went wrong and he had thanked him for his long service .
The prime minister also said Pakistan 's government " had to do more " to root out the terrorist elements in its country .
Sources say the planned attack was to be " very soon " and " very , very big " .
' Lives at risk '
Former home secretary David Blunkett has questioned whether there should be tighter controls on photographers outside Number 10 .
The Labour MP for Sheffield Brightside told BBC Radio 4's PM programme it was right to ask what restrictions may have to be introduced .
He said : " I have got to ask the question ... is it appropriate when we are talking about security , safety , when we are talking about the revelation from a photograph , that we should have that carrying on in Downing Street in quite the same way ? "
The bit I do n't understand is why on earth a document like this is not locked in a briefcase as a matter of routine ?
Chris Grayling
Shadow home secretary
In pictures : Terror raids PM attacks Pakistan terror threat
He added he did not blame photographers for Mr Quick 's resignation but that he had paid a " terrific price " for his " foolish " mistake .
After announcing he was to quit his post , Mr Quick said : " I have today offered my resignation in the knowledge that my action could have compromised a major counter - terrorism operation .
" I deeply regret the disruption caused to colleagues undertaking the operation and remain grateful for the way in which they adapted quickly and professionally to a revised timescale . "
The senior Metropolitan Police officer has faced intense criticism from opposition politicians after revealing the confidential document to photographers after arriving for the Number 10 briefing in his anti-terrorism role and for the Association of Chief Police Officers .
The memo , marked " secret " , carried an outline briefing on an ongoing counter - terror operation .
It contained the names of several senior officers , locations and details about the nature of the overseas threat .
' Right thing ' Mayor of London Boris Johnson said it was " with great sadness " that he had accepted Mr Quick 's resignation .
He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme the senior officer had a " very , very distinguished " career and that the memo incident had been " extremely unfortunate " .
The mayor confirmed Assistant Commissioner John Yates would replace Mr Quick as head of counter - terrorism .
A man was arrested at Liverpool John Moores University Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson paid tribute to Mr Quick who he said had " served with dedication and professionalism throughout his career " .
" I hold Bob in the highest regard , as a friend and colleague , and that opinion has not changed , " he said .
In a statement , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said she had been informed of Mr Quick 's resignation by Sir Paul .
" Although the operation was successful , he felt that his position was untenable .
I want to offer my sincere appreciation of all the outstanding work he has done in this role , " she said .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said resigning was " the right thing to do " .
" The bit I do n't understand is , why on earth a document like this is not locked in a briefcase as a matter of routine ?
I 'd have just thought it would be blindingly obvious . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne agreed that such a " misjudgement " meant Mr Quick had to step down .
Eleven of those arrested in the police anti-terror operation are Pakistan - born nationals on student visas and one is a UK - born British national .
Their ages range from a teenager to a 41 - year - old , police said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This write - up has been a long time coming and recent article in The Economist finally motivated me to kicking it out .
But before I get into referencing that article , let me tell you about my dad .
Several months ago I took a family vacation to Florida and got to talking to my dad about the economy .
He agreed that it was in really bad shape .
But then I got to thinking about how differently my dad 's spending habits were from most people .
My dad lived nearly his entire life in a " pre-consumer " mindset .
Skeptical to marketing and advertising campaigns , he usually bought what he needed not what he wanted and held on to things to what seemed like forever .
In fact , he only recently bought a flat screen television after nearly 30 YEARS of having the same TV play in the family room I grew up in .
The house I grew up in has been paid off for just as many years because he did n't believe in debt and I watched as my parents held on to cars like they were family members , not putting them to rest until their time had come .
This is how my parents lived .
Mass Consumption
Many of use live very differently than this .
Credit lines have ensured that we can purchase beyond our means and advertising has had years to perfect it 's craft making us believe that we do n't want the latest and greatest product — but that we actually NEED it .
In fact , if we can't have it our lives will be empty — we will be missing out we wo n't be living life as it was meant to be lived .
This of course is a lie .
But it 's worked for years .
Bigger , better , faster , newer .
Get it and get it now before your neighbor does .
It 's a myth that 's stood the test of time and fueled a global economy because it could .
When it 's old , throw it out or give it away .
Then one day , the housing market collapsed , the stock market collapsed and we woke up scratching our heads as to why .
And some of us are re-thinking the economics of mass consumption .
From The Economist :
" The trend towards thrift will not disappear when the economy picks up .
For one thing , those banks left standing after the bust will be far more parsimonious with consumer credit .
For another , many people will still be intent on rebuilding their nest - eggs , which is reflected in sharply rising rates of saving .
Sociologists also detect a distinct change in people ’s behaviour .
Until the downturn , folk had come to assume that “ affluence ” was the norm , even if they had to go deeply into debt to pay for gadgets and baubles .
Now many people no longer seem consumed by the desire to consume ; instead , they are planning to live within their means , and there has been a backlash against bling . "
Marketing In An Era of Post - Consumerism
If the " backlash against bling " is real , then we really have to ask ourselves , what on earth is marketing going to look like to millions of people who do n't want to buy like they used to — who are marketing weary ?
People just like my dad , only more digitally savvy .
Not only that , but beyond marketing , what 's the effect on companies who make their profits by continually producing new products ?
Bigger , better faster — guaranteed to make your life meaningful .
Business and brands have a problem .
On the business side , corporations are going to have to figure out how to incorporate more services as part of their core offerings .
Think about this , while new auto sales have taken a nose dive — repair shops have been profiting due to consumers opting to keep their cars longer vs. upgrading .
What if Detroit could figure out a way to benefit from this ?
How about new car dealers ?
Most of them are n't known for the level of service they offer at the dealerships .
The exceptions often get great word of mouth .
On the marketing front , there needs to be some recalibration .
The holy grail of measuring a marketing initiative is being able to prove that more products have sold .
But what if no one 's buying ?
What if no one 's listening for that matter ?
Do you stop marketing ?
Of course not .
Marketing just needs to be more meaningful and relevant to a " consumer " who is looking for more relevance and meaning in their lives .
They 'll repay you with loyalty and positive word of mouth if you can offer them this — but here lies the rub .
Marketing Was Designed To Take , Not Give
Marketers are faced with a design problem .
Marketing was invented to take , not give .
It 's meant to generate awareness and sell products not provide value .
There 's nothing wrong with selling products and the best marketing does this well .
But bear with me — if the sociologists mentioned in The Economist are correct , than marketing may have to change it 's stripes in order to be relevant to a consumer who is highly empowered , connected and asking themselves " do I really need more " ?
As far as I can tell , the most successful social initiatives look less like marketing and more like some type of service or value add .
From Comcast providing customer service on Twitter , to Whole Foods engaging customers on Facebook to Hope Depot providing information during natural disasters , to Lego enlisting enthusiasts to help them develop products — " marketing " as we know it could already be evolving into something that it was not originally designed to be .
Which would be a good thing becase as The Economist reports , the current economic climate may help fuel it 's evolution :
" The downturn will also accelerate the use of social media , such as blogs and social - networking sites , by consumers looking for intelligence on firms and their products .
As trust in brands is eroded , people will place more value on recommendations from friends .
Social media make it harder for brands to pull the wool over consumers ’ eyes , but they also offer canny companies a powerful new channel through which to promote their wares and test new products and pricing strategies . "
Recommendations From Trusted Sources
As my diagram illustrates , marketing can not longer be a 360 degree " blitz " that assaults consumers with reasons to buy .
The future of business will be simple .
Providing better products , better experiences and providing indisputable value through things like services will get the right people saying the right things about you .
This means there 's going to be a Dawrinism effect at play here .
Inferior brands , services and marketing strategies are going to fall on deaf ears and wither away while superior brands with more relevant and meaningful ways of connecting with their customers will prevail .
We must remember that the social web DOES NOT create recommendations ( or criticisms ) , it only amplifies them and accelerates the speed at which they spread .
These are a few thoughts I 've had running around in my mind about what business might look like in a post - consumer era , and I 'm fairly certain that we 're already seeing the face of marketing gradually change in real time .
As the Economist article suggests , I feel like the shift in consumer behavior may be more long term vs. a temporary blip , People really do seem to be re-thinking there lifestyles and asking themselves " do I really need more ? " .
If that 's the case , the way business works will need to adapt along with the new attitudes .
What do you think ?
A federal appeals court denied on Friday a request by a lawyer for Bernard L. Madoff that he be released from jail until his sentencing in June for running a $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme .
The three - judge panel issued its ruling less than 24 hours after Ira Lee Sorkin , Mr. Madoff ’s lawyer , had asked that the 70 - year - old Mr. Madoff be allowed to return to his Manhattan penthouse apartment .
He is being held in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan after pleading guilty last week to 11 felony counts of fraud .
He faces a maximum of 150 years in prison when he is sentenced on June 16 .
The appeals court order upholds an earlier Federal District Court decision that Mr. Madoff represented a flight risk and should not be released on bail .
Mr. Madoff had been held on $ 10 million bail since his arrest on Dec. 11 , confined to his Upper East Side apartment building and protected by security guards , paid for by his wife .
He was also required to wear an ankle bracelet and could leave his apartment only for court appearances .
“ In light of the defendant ’s age ( 70 ) and the length of a potential sentence ( 150 years ) , he has an incentive to flee , and that because he has the means to do so , he presents a risk of flight , and therefore should not be released , ” the appeals court order said .
It was issued by Chief Judge Dennis Jacobs and Judges Robert D. Sack and Richard C. Wesley of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Snipt
Running locally
Clone the repo .
cd snipt
python3 -m venv ~/.virtualenvs/snipt
source ~/.virtualenvs/snipt/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.
txt
brew install postgresql
brew services start postgresql
createuser snipt
createdb snipt -- owner=snipt
cp settings_local.py - template settings_local.py // modify if necessary
// modify if necessary make run
Deploying on Dokku
dokku apps : create snipt
dokku postgres : create snipt
dokku postgres : link snipt snipt
scp snipt.dump nsergeant@server.nicksergeant.com :/home/nsergeant
dokku postgres : connect snipt < snipt.dump
dokku domains : add snipt snipt.net
dokku storage : mount snipt
/ var / lib / dokku/data/ storage/snipt-whoosh:/app/snipt-whoosh
dokku config:set DOKKU_LETSENCRYPT_EMAIL=support@snipt.net SECRET_KEY=< some-secret-key >
USE_SSL=true WHOOSH_PATH=/app/snipt-whoosh/whoosh_index
git remote add dokku dokku@server.nicksergeant.com :snipt
git push dokku
Automatic deploy to Heroku
You can click the button below to automatically deploy Snipt to Heroku .
Manual deploy to Heroku
Clone the repo .
heroku create
heroku addons : add heroku-postgresql:hobby- dev
heroku addons : add searchbox
heroku config: add SECRET_KEY =< some - secret-key >
git push heroku
heroku run python manage .py migrate
heroku run python manage .py createsuperuser
Visit yourapp.herokuapp.com and login with the user you just created .
Updating your Heroku instance after an automatic deploy
git clone https://github.com/nicksergeant/snipt
cd snipt
git checkout heroku
heroku git : remote - a < your - instance - name >
git push heroku heroku: master
Options
If you want email support ( for password resets , server errors , etc ) :
heroku addons : create postmark :
10
k
heroku run addons : open postmark -> use an email you control and confirm it
-> use an email you control and confirm it heroku config: add POSTMARK_EMAIL=<email_from_above >
If you want to disable user - facing signup :
heroku config:set DISABLE_SIGNUP=true
If you want to enable Django 's DEBUG mode :
heroku config : add DEBUG=true
If you want to enable SSL on a custom domain after you 've configured your Heroku SSL cert :
" I can't see how it is a pension because he is not retired .
It is money for nothing , it is a severance payment , and to get a severance payment when you have led a bank to the brink of collapse with record losses and thousands of people fearing for their jobs and requiring the public to step in with loans to back up the bank , that is a matter of public interest . "
LOS ANGELES -- President Barack Obama took to Jay Leno's stage and compared life in Washington to " American Idol , " where '" everybody 's got an opinion . "
" Everybody is Simon Cowell , " he said , referencing the sometimes acerbic judge on the hit Fox TV show .
" Everybody 's got an opinion .
But that 's part of what makes for a democracy .
You know , it 's contentious , people are hitting back . "
But ...
Excelsior , a major Mexico City Daily , a report in Spanish ; my rough and ready translation follows between paragraphs .
Via , a major Mexico City Daily , a report in Spanish ; my rough and ready translation follows between paragraphs .
Pide SSA calma ante casos de influenza .
[ Health department calls for calm in face of influenza . ]
Tras reconocer que la influenza ya se constituyó como un brote epidémico , pero no llega a categoría de pandemia , el secretario de Salud , José Ángel Córdova , admitió que aún no tiene los datos de muertes a nivel nacional , pero que esta enfermedad infecto - contagiosa apenas ha afectado a siete estados del país .
[ After saying that the influenza is now an epidemic outbreak , but not a pandemic , Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova admitted that he still does n't have mortality statistics for the nation , but says this contagious disease has affected at least 7 states in the country . ]
El funcionario se comprometió a mantener la alerta preventiva en todo México el tiempo que sea necesario hasta que el número de casos de influenza se atenúe diametralmente .
Ratificó que en menos de un mes perecieron 20 personas por este mal y desmintió los datos del IMSS sobre el particular , porque las 22 muertes detectadas el fin de semana fueron causadas por males respiratorios , pero no necesariamente por influenza .
[ The secretary promised to maintain a nationwide preventive alert until the number of flu cases drops sharply .
He confirmed that in less than a month , 20 persons perished from this illness and contradicted the IMSS data because the 22 detected deaths on the weekend were caused by respiratory diseases , but not necessarily by influenza . ]
What a strange day : A new flu in Mexico , a new flu in the US , a probable H5N1 death in Indonesia , and another H5N1 death in Egypt .
These mechanisms of ecological recovery included rapid regeneration rates of remnant coral tissue , very high competitive ability of the corals allowing them to out - compete the seaweed , a natural seasonal decline in the particular species of dominant seaweed , and an effective marine protected area system .
Our study provides a key example of the doom and boom of a highly resilient reef , and new insights into the variability and mechanisms of reef resilience under rapid climate change .
In 2006 , mass bleaching of corals on inshore reefs of the Great Barrier Reef caused high coral mortality .
Here we show that this coral mortality was followed by an unprecedented bloom of a single species of unpalatable seaweed ( Lobophora variegata ) , colonizing dead coral skeletons , but that corals on these reefs recovered dramatically , in less than a year .
Unexpectedly , this rapid reversal did not involve reestablishment of corals by recruitment of coral larvae , as often assumed , but depended on several ecological mechanisms previously underestimated .
Coral reefs around the world are experiencing large - scale degradation , largely due to global climate change , overfishing , diseases and eutrophication .
Climate change models suggest increasing frequency and severity of warming - induced coral bleaching events , with consequent increases in coral mortality and algal overgrowth .
Critically , the recovery of damaged reefs will depend on the reversibility of seaweed blooms , generally considered to depend on grazing of the seaweed , and replenishment of corals by larvae that successfully recruit to damaged reefs .
These processes usually take years to decades to bring a reef back to coral dominance .
Funding :
This project was funded by the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies , the Centre for Marine Studies ( The University of Queensland ) , the PEW Program in Marine Conservation and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Copyright : © 2009 Diaz - Pulido et al .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Inshore , high latitude coral reefs of the largest reef system in the world , the Great Barrier Reef ( GBR ) , Australia , suffered severe mass bleaching of coral in early 2006 .
Reefs in the area exhibit low coral species diversity and are widely dominated by Acropora corals , with branching Acropora accounting for more than 90 % of the coral species [ 21 ] .
Sea surface temperatures in the inshore reefs of the Keppel Islands ( 23°10 ′S , 151°00′E ) in the southern GBR rose rapidly in late 2005 , with some locations reaching temperatures in December that are not normally found until February .
The onset of high sea temperatures early in the season triggered coral bleaching by mid January 2006 [ 22 ] .
Overall , bleaching damage was severe , affecting 77–95 % of coral colonies [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] .
The purpose of this paper was to document some novel mechanisms for coral reef resilience based on changes in coral and seaweed abundance following the 2006 mass coral bleaching event that affected reefs of the Keppel Islands .
Critically , the recovery of degraded reefs depends on the reversibility of seaweed dominance [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] .
However , all previously documented cases have found dominance by seaweeds difficult to reverse , because the algae prevent settlement of new corals , and because the algae persist , usually due to overfishing or mass mortality of key herbivorous species and to relative unpalatability of algae to herbivores [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] .
Examples of natural reversals from algal dominance to coral dominated states are extremely rare ( but see [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] ) and take years to decades to occur ( e. g. Kaneohe Bay , Hawaii [ 18 ] ; Dairy Bull Jamaica [ 19 ] ) .
Rapid reversals from algal dominated states to dominance by corals and small algae have only been demonstrated at a very small scale after experimentally induced herbivore exclusion [ 20 ] .
In that experiment , artificially enhanced algal biomass was rapidly consumed by grazers upon removal of exclusion cages , and reef recovery was dependent on recovery of herbivory , a process extrinsic to the corals and algae .
Coral reefs are among the most biologically diverse and economically important ecosystems .
However , reefs are rapidly degrading at a global scale , due to a combination of pressures , including climate change , overexploitation , coral diseases , and declining water quality [ 1 ] – [ 4 ] .
Rising ocean temperatures have triggered mass coral bleaching events that have devastated many coral reefs around the world [ 5 ] and caused ecological phase or state shifts , from coral - dominance to dominance by seaweeds ( fleshy algae ) [ 6 ] – [ 8 ] .
Current climate change models suggest increasing frequency and severity of mass coral bleaching events [ 5 ] , so that phase shifts to algal dominated states are expected to occur more frequently and last longer [ 9 ] – [ 11 ] .
Results and Discussion
Abundance of corals and seaweeds showed strong dynamics in response to the warming - induced mass coral bleaching event ( Figs. 1 , 2 ) .
Cover of bleached but living coral ( mainly branching Acropora spp. ) on the reef slopes of Middle Island , Halfway Island , and Barren Island was high ( 77%–89 % ) during the bleaching event in January / February 2006 .
Five months after the onset of bleaching , coral cover was severely reduced , to values around 20 – 30 % by July –August 2006 .
The coral mortality was followed by an extraordinary bloom of the brown seaweed Lobophora variegata , apparently unprecedented in magnitude on the GBR ( GDP and LM personal observations , Fig. 2 ) .
This alga commonly grows between the branches of most Acropora colonies in the area , but under normal ( i.e. undisturbed ) conditions it is not able to grow beyond the base of the branches , probably due to competitive inhibition by the corals .
Previous work on L. variegata growing amongst branching Porites cylindrica corals showed that the interaction is competitive , with both coral and alga inhibiting growth of the other [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] .
However , seaweeds and algal turfs were apparently released from space competition with the corals due to the bleaching mortality [ 9 ] and dramatically increased in cover ( 200–300 % increase on Middle Island and Halfway Island ) by August 2006 .
Importantly , coral bleaching preceded L. variegata overgrowth , and overgrowth only took place on bleached or dead corals at a range of spatial scales ( from cm to 10 s of kilometers ; careful inspection showed negligible overgrowth of healthy coral ) .
Nonetheless , the seaweed apparently exacerbated coral mortality by overgrowing stressed coral tissue [ 24 ] – [ 26 ] ( Figure S1D ) .
Algal competitiveness may have been enhanced by uptake of nutrients and carbon generated by the coral mortality [ 27 ] .
There are no previous observations of such an extensive bloom of L. variegata , or indeed any single species of fleshy alga , on the GBR , although large - scale blooms of filamentous algal turfs have occurred following coral mortality [ 9 ] , [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] , and a small - scale bloom of a red seaweed was recorded in response to a ship - grounding [ 30 ] .
Blooms of L. variegata are common in the Caribbean , particularly after the die - off of the sea urchin Diadema [ 14 ] , [ 31 ] and following coral mortality [ 32 ] , [ 33 ] ( also personal observations in Islas del Rosario , Colombia and Flower Garden Banks , Gulf of Mexico , GDP and LM ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 .
Coral bleaching , algal overgrowth of corals and coral recovery .
A ) Bleached corals in the Keppel Islands , Great Barrier Reef , during the mass bleaching event in January 2006 .
The fleshy brown seaweed Lobophora variegata grows at the base of the branches of Acropora spp. corals .
B ) L. variegata is released from space competition by coral mortality and overgrows coral skeletons as well as some coral tissue , causing an unprecedented algal bloom .
C ) Seaweed bloom on North Keppel Island after coral bleaching .
The reef has lost its structural complexity and has experienced little coral recovery .
D ) Recovered reef on Barren Island , showing high coral cover and low cover of seaweeds .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005239.g001
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 .
Coral – algal dynamics in response to the 2006 warming - induced coral bleaching event .
Data from the reef slopes of four islands in the Keppel Islands , southern Great Barrier Reef. % cover data are means ( n = 10 ) ±SE , except for Feb 2006 ( n = 25 – 26 ) .
CCA : Crustose calcareous algae .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005239.g002
Surprisingly however , the cover of branching Acropora corals at most sites showed an extremely rapid recovery after the seaweed bloom , reaching pre-bleaching levels by December 2006 – April 2007 ( ca 12 – 14 months after the onset of bleaching , Fig. 2 , Table 1 ) .
This represents a 100 to 200 % increase in cover of Acropora in approximately 6 months , thereby returning the system to coral dominance ( P = 0.004 , 0.001 and 0.006 for Tukey 's comparisons of August 2006 c.f. February / March 2007 for Middle , Halfway and Barren Islands respectively ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Table 1 .
Two - way analyses of variance for the effects of sampling date and site on % cover of corals , brown seaweed Lobophora variegata , algal turfs and crustose calcareous algae ( CCA ) .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005239.t001
Unexpectedly , the rapid reversal and increase in coral cover did not involve settlement and recruitment of coral larvae .
Coral recruitment was generally very low throughout the course of the study at all sites [ recruit densities for Middle , Halfway , Barren and North Keppel Islands were 0 , < 1 , < 1 and 4 recruits m−2 respectively ; Kruskal - Wallis Test indicated no increases in recruit densities through time after the bleaching event , Table 2 ] .
Instead , coral recovery involved a rapid regeneration and regrowth of remnant coral tissue after bleaching mortality , with branches of Acropora emerging from the algal mat to reestablish high cover much faster than could occur from growth of new recruits ( Figs. 2 , 3 ) .
Growth rates of branching Acropora from the Keppel Islands appear unusually high , with rates of calcification nearly 100 % faster than those of corals from offshore the GBR ( Fig. 4 ) .
Linear extension rates of branching Acropora from other Pacific inshore reefs are also extraordinarily high , with mean values of 333 ( ±42 SD ) mm / year [ 34 ] .
This rapid , vegetative regeneration allowed the corals to out - compete and overgrow the algae settled on dead skeletons .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 .
Coral recovery following algal overgrowth .
Branches of Acropora corals died after bleaching and were subsequently colonized by a variety of benthic algae .
Remnant coral tissue at the base of the coral colonies regrew upward and deposited new skeleton along the old dead coral branch , overgrowing A ) algal turfs ( arrows ) , B ) fleshy seaweed Lobophora variegata , and C ) crustose coralline algae .
D ) Coral tissue has all but completely overgrown the colonizing algae .
E )
Thin section of coral showing benthic algae sandwiched between old coral skeleton and a thin layer of new skeleton .
Examination using a compound microscope showed that coral tissue overgrew a range of algal types .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005239.g003
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 4 . Coral growth ( calcification ) .
Calcification rates of Acropora millepora at North Keppel Island and Davies Reef ( an offshore reef ) .
Data are means ±SE ( n = 12 for North Keppel Island and 8 for Davies Reef ) , and show unusually high growth rates in the Keppel Islands .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0005239.g004
We propose that this unusually rapid and successful regrowth stems from several key factors : i. the strong competitive ability of the corals ; ii . the corals ' ability to regrow from relatively small amounts of live tissue ; iii .
and a seasonal dieback in the single species of dominant seaweed .
Although overgrowth by seaweeds probably inhibited coral growth , a natural seasonal decline in L. variegata , between December 2006 and March / April 2007 ( Fig. 2 ) , markedly reduced the apparent effects of this competitive inhibition .
Cover of L. variegata decreased significantly from 50 % to < 20 % in Middle Island and from 75 % to 45 % in North Keppel Island during that period of time ( Table 1 ; P < 0.005 for Tukey 's comparisons of August 2006 and March / April 2007 for both islands ) .
Removal of the seaweed L. variegata in this study appears to have been largely due to inherent seasonal dieback .
Large amounts of loose L. variegata were observed at the time of the dieback , and similar seasonal changes in L. variegata have been previously observed in the GBR ( Fig. 5 ) and nearby areas [ 35 ] , apparently related to elevated seawater temperature during the austral spring and summer ( GDP unpublished data ) .
Herbivorous fishes , although largely unfished , are not generally abundant in the Keppel Islands , being generally about an order of magnitude less than on mid and outer shelf reefs [ 36 ] .
Careful observations did not indicate grazing damage to the L. variegata , despite the extent of the bloom and decline , and patterns of herbivore abundance among the study reefs were not consistent with the growth and decline in L. variegata at these sites ( Fig. 6 ) .
The site with lowest herbivore densities had lowest L. variegata abundance ( Barren Island ) .
The site with most abundant scarids had most abundant L. variegata ( North Keppel Island ) , while siganids were most abundant on Halfway Island , which had intermediate abundance of L. variegata .
Large invertebrate herbivores , such as sea urchins , were virtually absent across all sites .
Thus , whilst herbivory could have contributed to some degree , and is likely important to algal abundance on these reefs generally , the extent of decline in L. variegata in this study appears largely due to seasonality .
However , the increase in coral cover was apparently also due to strong growth rates and consequent competitive ability of the coral , and not dependent on the seasonal decline in the algal competitor , L. variegata .
This is suggested by results for Middle Island ( Fig. 2 ; August–December 2006 ) where strong coral recovery preceded decline in L. variegata , and from Barren Island , where coral recovery involved overgrowth of non-seasonal algal turfs and crustose calcareous algae .
Tissue growth may have been enhanced by heterotrophic feeding [ 37 ] , as shown elsewhere on GBR reefs [ 38 ] .
Regeneration of the coral tissue apparently derived from tissue reservoirs , or areas of live coral tissue that persisted at the very base of the coral branches , underneath the seaweed canopy ( Figure S1A , B ; the “ phoenix effect ” in which apparently dead coral branches regenerate live tissue [ 39 ] – [ 41 ] ) .
Removal of the dominant seaweed mat showed that coral tissue mortality was extensive under the seaweed at all sites .
However , there did remain small fragments of live coral tissue .
The remnant surviving coral tissue rapidly expanded upwards along the dead coral branches ( Fig. 3 ) and actively overgrew L. variegata , as well as a range of other algal types , including filamentous algal turfs , fleshy seaweeds and crustose coralline algae ( Fig. 3A–D ) .
Thin sections of Acropora corals show overgrowth of several algae by new coral material , and show that overgrowth involved direct horizontal contact as well as overtopping , resulting in a “ seaweed sandwich [ 42 ] ” , with algae engulfed between new and old layers of skeleton ( Fig. 3E ) .
Regeneration over existing coral skeletons offers an energetically efficient and rapid mechanism for recovery , by limiting the calcification required for regrowth .
Whilst regeneration of corals has been observed elsewhere [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] , our findings are significant because they demonstrate the potential importance of this process for large - scale , rapid recovery even after severe climate - related mass bleaching .
The rate and scale of recovery is increasingly critical as climate change causes more frequent mass bleaching events .
Coral recovery and algal dynamics were not uniform in this study .
Although most reefs showed rapid recovery , coral cover on North Keppel Island declined from 46 % to < 10 % after bleaching and had recovered relatively little after two years ( Fig. 2 ) , despite a marked seasonal decline in L. variegata .
Coral cover on North Keppel Island prior to the bleaching event was low compared to the other reefs in the area ( 46 % vs. 75–90 % respectively ) and cover of L. variegata higher .
These differences may reflect differences in disturbance history , conditions less conducive to coral growth , or differences in the extent of coral mortality due to floods from the Fitzroy River ( the largest river catchment along the GBR ) [ 44 ] .
Recovery of the reef on North Keppel Island may also have been limited by the loss of three - dimensional structure of the reef framework ( most branching Acropora corals have been broken into rubble due to bioerosion , Fig. 1C ; habitat complexity has been shown to be critical for the rapid recovery of damaged reefs [ 19 ] , [ 45 ] ) .
At the other extreme , coral recovery at Barren Island was very strong , and abundance of L. variegata remained much lower than other sites , even after coral mortality ( Fig. 2 ) .
However , abundance of L. variegata was still highest following coral mortality ( 18 % ) , and declined as the coral recovered ( although not significantly : P = 0.131 for Tukey 's comparison of August 2006 and February 2007 ) .
Barren Island is further offshore and in deeper water than the other sites , and dead coral tissue was colonized predominantly by algal turfs more typical of offshore reefs .
Detailed analyses of the species composition of the algal turfs in this locality ( data not shown ) revealed a very different species composition of turfing algae , mainly dominated by calcareous turfing species ( e.g. Jania and Amphiroa ) .
Recent events in the Keppel Islands provide an exceptional , but important example of the doom and boom of highly resilient reefs , and thereby provide new insight into the potential variability in mechanisms of reef resilience .
Most degraded reefs globally have either failed to recover from events such as coral bleaching and other human induced disturbances [ 3 ] , or have taken several years to decades to return to pre-disturbance condition [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 19 ] , [ 29 ] , [ 46 ] , [ 47 ] .
In contrast , the Keppel Islands have shown rapid recovery of coral dominance , despite repeated coral bleaching events ( 1998 , 2002 , and 2006 [ 48 ] ) , severe flood plumes ( e.g. 1991 , 2008 [ 44 ] ) , and dense algal overgrowth .
If they allow recovery of coral populations within one year , instead of ten , such exceptional processes may be disproportionately important to larger - scale reef resilience .
Resilience of reef coral populations is typically considered in terms of removal of algal blooms by herbivores , combined with replenishment by coral larvae .
Whilst these factors are no doubt vital for reef persistence [ 7 ] , [ 13 ] , [ 49 ] , both abundance of herbivorous fishes and coral recruitment were apparently limited on the reef slopes studied here during these events .
There is considerable evidence that algal abundance on coral reefs is generally related to herbivory [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , [ 50 ] – [ 54 ] , and herbivory can be important to interactions between L. variegata and corals on the GBR [ 25 ] .
However , in this instance , removal of the seaweed L. variegata appears to have been largely due to inherent seasonal dieback , more than consumption by herbivores , although experimental studies would be required to be conclusive .
Importantly , this dieback is apparently species specific ( [ 35 ] , GDP unpublished data ) , so that its ecological significance presumably depends on the nature of the seaweed bloom as a single species .
In more typical multi-species seaweed blooms , it is unlikely that all species would have similar seasonality , and competitive effects on coral regrowth would probably be stronger .
In this sense , given the apparent limited abundance of herbivores , the reduction in seaweed during our study may be a fortunate coincidence of monospecific bloom and seasonal dieback in that one species .
Further , had the decline in L. variegata not coincided with rapid coral growth , it is likely that a range of other algae would have colonized , potentially stabilizing the phase shift .
Thus , the seasonal decline was clearly important to the resilience of these reefs in these circumstances , but should not be seen as diminishing the general importance of herbivory to reef resilience .
Our results stand in contrast with many previous studies , especially studies of coral and algal dynamics on Caribbean reefs in the early 80 s , where a combination of coral mortality and hurricane damage followed by mortality of sea urchins , caused massive algal blooms ( including L. variegata ) that still continue today [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 55 ] .
Although L. variegata was involved in both circumstances , there are several fundamental differences that probably contribute to the different outcomes .
First , the Keppel Islands are dominated by rapidly growing , branching Acropora , apparently better suited to competing with a mat - like algal growth than the massive and plate - like corals that were dominant on Caribbean reefs [ 26 ] , [ 55 ] , [ 56 ] .
Coral - algal interactions will depend considerably on the particular species involved .
Second , the monospecific algal bloom in the Keppel Islands was exceptionally vulnerable ; most macroalgal blooms are much more diverse , imbuing the algal - dominated state with greater resilience .
Studies of Caribbean reefs typically note 5 – 10 genera of benthic macroalgae ( e.g. [ 31 ] , [ 57 ] , [ 58 ] ) ; after long - term herbivore exclusion on the GBR , at least 10 algal genera were abundant in algal dominated plots [ 7 ] .
Third , coral recovery may be strongly influenced by the nature of the disturbance regime .
Reefs subject to acute disturbances , such as the rapid bleaching in the Keppel Islands , may often recover more effectively than those subject to chronic disturbances such as in the Caribbean [ 46 ] , [ 59 ] .
Similarly , the spatial scale of disturbance in our study was much smaller than that in the Caribbean .
Numerous other factors can contribute to the resilience or vulnerability of a reef ( e.g . [ 3 ] , [ 60 ] ) .
In summary , unusually rapid coral recovery in the Keppel Islands apparently stemmed from synergistic effects of factors not previously recognized as important to resilience .
These factors included robust tissue regeneration , high competitive ability of the corals and a seasonal dieback in the monospecific seaweed bloom , all against a backdrop of an effective marine protected area system and moderate water quality .
Understanding the variability in mechanisms underlying resilience is critical for reef management under climate change .
Settlement and recruitment of new corals requires years to decades to re-establish abundant corals , whereas recovery in the Keppel Islands took less than one year .
Frequent , large - scale damage may mean that reefs able to rapidly recover abundant corals may serve as key refugia , or sources of larvae for reef recovery at broader scales .
Diversity in processes may well be critical to the overall resilience and persistence of coral reef ecosystems globally .
An international team of scientists , led by Monash University researchers , has uncovered the workings of a superbug that kills elderly hospital patients worldwide -- a discovery that has the potential to save lives and health care systems billions of dollars each year .
The research , published March 2 in the journal Nature , unravels ways to genetically modify the bacterium Clostridium difficile and solves the mystery surrounding its toxicity .
Professor Julian Rood from the Department of Microbiology and lead author , microbiologist Dr Dena Lyras , made a major scientific breakthrough which allowed mutants of the superbug to be made .
They then identified which of two suspected toxic proteins was essential for the bacterium to cause severe disease .
" Contrary to previously accepted scientific belief , our results show that toxin B , which was considered the less important toxin is actually the toxin that causes disease , " Professor Rood said .
" This discovery will lead to new methods for the control and prevention of this disease " .
Professor Rood and Dr Lyras have been working toward this result for more than a decade .
Dr Lyras said strains of Clostridium difficile are found in almost every hospital in Australia .
" It is the major cause of diarrhoea in hospital patients undergoing antibiotic therapy .
The antibiotics destroy the ' good ' bacteria in the gut , allowing a ' bad ' bacterium to grow in the colon , where it causes a chronic bowel infection that is very difficult to treat , " Dr Lyras said .
" The disease produces two types of toxins , known as A and B . Worldwide research has tended to focus on these purified toxins in isolation from the bug .
This only resulted in part of the story being told .
We took a big picture approach and through genetic modification of the bug , together with infection studies with our US collaborators , we were able to see the whole picture , " Dr Lyras said .
Statistics show that in the US , more people die from Clostridium difficile infections than all other intestinal infections combined , with most deaths involving patients aged 65 years or over .
The disease is believed to have contributed to more than 8,000 deaths in the UK in 2007 .
A less aggressive form of the bacteria is present in Australia but statistics in 1995 - dollars show the cost of managing the disease to be around $ 1.25 million dollars per hospital , per year .
Their research lays the foundation to find better ways to treat the superbug .
" We are now beginning to understand the workings of the superbug , which allows us to work on treatments for it .
We are confident our research will pave the way for future drugs to try to wipe out this disease .
I can't put a time frame on how quickly drugs could be developed , but we 're certainly on that road to discovery , " Dr Lyras said .
Lukas Podolski Pimp Slaps Michael Ballack
Total Pro Sports – Sometimes a slap can be an effective way to get your message across and in this case it appears to have worked .
In a recent World Cup Qualifying match between Germany and Wales , German forward Lucas Podolski , slapped captain Michael Ballack in the face .
The video is poor quality , but it looks like Ballack had some choice words for Podolski .
As he is waking towards him , Ballack gives him a little shove and Poldolski responds by slapping in the in the face .
Maybe Ballack reminded him that he was born in Poland , sadly we will never know .
In case you were wondering , Germany won the game 2- 0 .
It was a good smack , but nothing compares to the master of the German Pimp slap .
Share This
Researchers at the University of Michigan simulated an off - the - charts earthquake in a laboratory to test their new technique for bracing high - rise concrete buildings .
Their technique passed the test , withstanding more movement than an earthquake would typically demand .
The engineers used steel fiber - reinforced concrete to develop a better kind of coupling beam that requires less reinforcement and is easier to construct .
Coupling beams connect the walls of high rises around openings such as those for doorways , windows , and elevator shafts .
These necessary openings can weaken walls .
" We simulated an earthquake that is beyond the range of the maximum credible earthquake and our test was very successful .
Our fiber - reinforced concrete beams behaved as well as we expected they would , which is better than the beams in use today , " said James Wight , the Frank E. Richart Jr. Collegiate Professor in the U - M Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering .
Working with Wight on this project are Gustavo Parra - Montesinos , an associate professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering , and Remy Lequesne , a doctoral student in the same department .
Today , coupling beams are difficult to install and require intricate reinforcing bar skeletons .
The U - M engineers created a simpler version made of a highly flowable , steel fiber - reinforced concrete .
" We took quite a bit of the cumbersome reinforcement out of the design and replaced it with steel fibers that can be added to the concrete while it 's being mixed , " Parra - Montesinos said .
" Builders could use this fiber - reinforced concrete to build coupling beams that do n't require as much reinforcement . "
The engineers envision that their brand of beam would be cast off the construction site and then delivered .
Nowadays , builders construct the beams , steel skeletons and all , bit by bit as they 're building skyscrapers .
advertisement
Their fiber - reinforced concrete has other benefits as well .
" The cracks that do occur are narrower because the fibers hold them together , " Parra - Montesinos said .
The fibers are about one inch long and about the width of a needle .
The engineers performed their test in December on a 40 - percent replica of a 4 - story building wall that they built in the Structures Laboratory .
They applied a peak load of 300,000 pounds against the building , pushing and pulling it with hydraulic actuators .
To quantify the results , they measured the building 's drift , which is the motion at the top of the building compared with the motion at the base .
In a large earthquake , a building might sustain a drift of 1 to 2 percent .
The U - M structure easily withstood a drift of 3 percent .
The new beams could provide an easier , cheaper , stronger way to brace buildings in earthquake - prone areas .
The researchers are now working with a structural design firm to install the beams in several high rises soon to be under construction on the west coast .
This research is funded by the National Science Foundation under the Network for Earthquake Engineering Simulation Program .
Blue movies on expenses : Jacqui Smith 's husband apologises for watching porn ... paid for by the taxpayer
Strained :
The relationship between Ms Smith and her husband , pictured , is said to be 'very difficult '
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith 's husband was forced to make a humiliating apology this afternoon for causing her embarrassment over an expenses claim which included adult films he watched .
Speaking outside the couple 's home in Redditch , Worcestershire , Richard Timney told reporters : ' I am really sorry for any embarrassment I have caused Jacqui .
' I can fully understand why people might be angry and offended by this ,
' Quite obviously a claim should never have been made for these films , and as you know that money is being paid back . '
Mr Timney 's apology follows a statement earlier by Ms Smith who promised to pay back the money she wrongly claimed for the television package .
She had ' mistakenly ' submitted the expenses claim which included five pay - per - view films , including the two adult movies which were viewed at her family home in her Redditch constituency .
The £ 67 bill was submitted last June as part of Ms Smith 's expenses .
Ms Smith said : ' I am sorry that in claiming for my internet connection , I mistakenly claimed for a television package alongside it .
' As soon as the matter was brought to my attention , I took immediate steps to contact the relevant parliamentary authorities and rectify the situation .
' All money claimed for the television package will be paid back in full . '
Number 10 backed Ms Smith 's decision to repay the expenses claim .
Downing Street said the Home Secretary had done the ' right thing ' by taking steps to rectify the ' inadvertent mistake ' .
A spokesman said : ' Jacqui Smith has done the right thing by taking steps to rectify this inadvertent mistake as soon as she became aware of it .
Apology : Richard Timney was forced to say sorry over the blunder in March 2009
' She is doing a great job as Home Secretary and will not let this issue detract from her determination to ensure we protect the public and make our neighbourhoods safer . '
Earlier Foreign Secretary David Miliband said that Ms Smith was an ' outstanding '
Home Secretary , but refused to be drawn on the disclosures about her expenses .
Asked on BBC1's The Andrew Marr Show if it was ' final straw time ' for Ms Smith , he said : ' I am never going to get into individual cases .
' What I am absolutely confident of is that Jacqui Smith is doing an outstanding job as the Home Secretary with some of the toughest responsibilities in government . '
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper said she did not know the particular circumstances surrounding Ms Smith , but said there had to be ' greater transparency ' regarding the expense claims of MPs .
She told the Sky News Sunday Live programme : ' It is difficult for me to comment on any individual case .
All I heard ... was that Jacqui Smith has apologised so I know no more than that , so it is difficult to comment on individual cases . '
She added : ' I think there is a wider issue , that there has got to be greater transparency , greater independent checks in terms of MPs ' expenses across the board , that is why I think this new review that is taking place ... is exactly the right way forward .
Jacqui Smith , pictured with Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson last March , was forced to stand down as Home Secretary
Mr Timney , who works as Ms Smith ’s Commons adviser , used part of the Minister ’s second - homes allowance to pay for the blue movies he watched on a subscription television channel .
It is understood that Mr Timney had been watching explicit adult movies on channels broadcast on the Virgin Media cable TV service .
A friend said the Home Secretary knew there was ' no excuse ' for the error but added : ' To say she 's angry with her husband is an understatement .
Jacqui was not there when these films were watched .
She 's furious and mortified . '
Subscribers to the cable service can access X - rated films on the Playboy Channel , the Adult Channel and Television X for around £ 11 a month .
It is also possible to order adult channels on a pay - per - night basis for £ 5 .
The £ 67 Virgin Media bill was submitted last June as part of Ms Smith 's expenses .
It included two 18 - rated features , each costing £ 5 , which were viewed on April 1 and April 6 last year .
The bill also included two viewings of the film Ocean 's 13 - at £ 3.75 each - and an additional £ 3.50 to watch the film Surf 's Up .
Tory MP Philip Davies said last night that if the porn - movie claims were true , the Home Secretary would have to resign .
‘ Claiming that her sister ’s back bedroom is her main home is one thing but this could push her over the cliff .
It is surely not legitimate to use Commons ’ second - home allowances to buy blue movies .
If this is true , I can not see how she can survive . ’
Liberal Democrat MP
Lembit Opik said the revelations were ' immensely embarrassing ' for the Home Secretary .
He told Sky News : ' I have no issue with the genre , I do have an issue with one thing , which is he should n't really be claiming this back and he just obviously was n't thinking about this .
' This is immensely embarrassing for Jacqui on a personal and domestic level , I have n't got any particular issue about what they watch in their own time , I do have an issue about the fact that he has compromised her . '
He added : ' My personal view is we should get away from the whole thing so that we can claim our travel expenses , because that is very variable depending on where you live , but the rest of it should be put on salary and then it 's up to us . '
The revelation comes as The Mail on Sunday launches a petition to demand a full enquiry into MPs ' expenses .
Fellow Tory MP Mark Field added : ‘ The entire Commons allowance system is now indefensible .
It ’s one thing to make dubious claims on the location of your second home but for the husband of a Home Secretary to be claiming for pornographic TV is completely beyond the pale .
‘ It ’s no good Gordon Brown promising an inquiry at some point in the future .
This must be reformed now . ’
Ms Smith is already at the centre of huge row after The Mail on Sunday revealed that she had claimed more than £ 116,000 for a ‘ second home ’ while effectively lodging with her sister .
She claims the Additional Costs Allowance , currently a tax - free £ 24,006 a year , on the detached house in her West Midlands constituency where her husband and two young children live , which she bought for £ 300,000 five years ago .
She is able to do so because she told the Commons authorities that her ‘ main home ’ is a house in South London solely owned by her sister , Sara , where she stays on some weekdays .
But neighbours have challenged her claim that she spends more nights there each week than her family home in the West Midlands .
As well as adult channels on subscription , Virgin Media has an On Demand service , which allows any adult viewers to pay for and watch movies when they want .
Access is via the remote control and films purchased can be watched repeatedly within a 16 - hour rental period .
On Demand movies have DVD - like controls enabling viewers to fast forward , rewind and pause pictures .
The Adult TV channels available on subscription are :
Playboy TV , described as ‘ all the best of amateur video and adult entertainment television ’ , this costs £ 11 each month .
The Adult Channel , which gives viewers access to ‘ full length adult films ’ at £ 11 a month .
Television X , described as ‘ the best adult entertainment ’ at £ 11 a month .
An alternative package offers all three channels at £ 17 a month .
The type of material available on the adult channels include films with explicit titles such as Happy Husbands and Willing Wives , Dirty Debutantes , and Sweaty Sex .
Subscription pornography channels in Britain carry an 18 - certificate , and exclude the ‘ hardcore ’ R18 films .
Just three months ago , The Mail on Sunday revealed that Mr Timney – who is paid £ 40,000 of public money a year as Ms Smith ’s to run her Redditch constituency office – was behind a letter - writing campaign defending the Government in her local paper .
Mr Timney had a series of letters published in the Redditch Advertiser backing Ms Smith ’s identity card plans and attacking the Tories over schools , without revealing that he was married to the woman responsible for the policies .
The ACA allows MPs to claim for television subscriptions at their second home .
Last year , under freedom of information requests , it emerged that Gordon Brown claimed for a Sky TV subscription and television licence .
In an unprecedented move , Commons officials have spent the last year preparing to publish over a million individual invoices and receipts relating to all MPs ’ expenses claims dating back over the last four years .
The publication is scheduled to take place before the summer .
The receipts have been processed under tightly - controlled conditions , with MPs ’ addresses removed to protect their security .
But today ’s revelations relating to Ms Smith ’s ACA claims will fuel some MPs ’ suspicions that leaks are now taking place ahead of publication .
Elite Money Maker
Group : Members
Posts : 3,320
Dream Points : 11,449
Experience Points : 3,482
Joined : 4 - August 07
Member No. : 21,579
Joined : 4 - August 07 Member No. : 21,579
Source : ww.ecommerce-journal.com/news/11437_lr
Until the moment when LibertyReserve started thinking of its publicity the only thing the users knew about LR was that the system operated long enough and that had already changed several offshore shelter .
Probably when the company changes its headquarter it manages to leave all the balances and multi- level money laundries in each offshore however the system fails to get rid of the reputation gained by its founders and owners .
For a long time they lived in the shadow and tried to stay unnoticed .
However the Internet community started to show up LR in its true colors and very soon everybody could read online that when you work with libertyreserve you trust your money to the scammers that have already been charged with large scale fraud .
Who pulls the strings of power and controls LR , what is the name of the person who can disappear with the money of Liberty Reserve payment system , who was running a fraud structure dealing with money - laundering and today manages a payment system ?
We will try to answer all those questions and reduce the number of the question - marks surrounding LibertyReserve , a payment gateway designed for HYIPs .
Arthur Budovsky was arrested in New York in 2006 and charged with money laundering and unlicensed activity
Our investigation is based on the facts presented on various websites and actively discussed on the forums , and especially on the investigation of dgc.wetpaint.com .
We have already written about the old interview with the owner of LibertyReserve .
Probably that time he didn�t know what name to choose to introduce the owner of the system to the users .
Ambitions or something else had made the immigrant from Ukraine , a country famous for the carder mob , to confess that it was he and one more person who had founded LibertyReserve .
Actually , Arthur Budovsky is person of little interest .
He was born and brought up in Kiev ( Ukraine ) , later he left the country for Germany and then for the USA .
Arthur was building his business on the financial operations .
And probably he could expand his activity unless his arrest .
Arthur Budovsky was arrested in New York in 2006 and charged with money laundering and unlicensed activity .
However it was interesting to note that together with the owner of LibertyReserve police has arrested some Vladimir Kats , aka Ragnar Danneskj�ld .
( If you remember Ragnar Danneskj�ld was a character in Ayn Rand 's novel Atlas Shrugged .
And he was far from being a good boy .
A true pirate , a robber with ideological principles , he was the opposite or negative of Robin Hood . )
Probably it would be interesting for our readers to know that this name has already been mentioned before .
Being more specific we can say that Ragnar Danneskj�ld was the owner of PlanetGold.com and it was he who had interviewed Arthur Budovsky ( http://web.archive.org/web/20030416025128/planetgold.com/interview.asp?SPID=08248138).
Hence Arthur Budovsky was somehow connected with Vladimir Kats who had probably participated in creation of LR .
Those two young men acted very simply .
Having launched and promoted GoldAge.net , one of the first large exchange services on the Internet , they have founded an offshore company in Panama and opened a bank account .
Using those two tools those two friends conducted all kinds of the financial cashless operations .
The turnover was constantly growing , demand for load / unload of e-currencies was increasing and those two guys from Eastern Europe were becoming rich very fast .
And certainly their abilities and experience couldn�t fail to develop into creation of Liberty Reserve payment processor which had more functions and features comparing to e-gold .
And the main thing is that it was designed especially for their business .
However the USA is not the country where one could launder money and stay unnoticed for a long time .
And as we have already said Arthur Budovsky and Vladimir Kats were arrested in 2006 .
By that time their exchanger had been working with such e-currencies as e-gold , e-Bullion , 1mdc , Liberty Reserve .
On July 27th , 2006 the New York County District Attorney 's office announced the indictment of two alleged principals of Gold Age in Brooklyn , New York ( for allegedly violating Article 13 - B of New York State Banking Law ) after a six month sting operation that began in January 2006 .
The two defendants , Arthur Budovsky and Vladimir Kats are currently represented by attorney Igor Niman .
The company has changed its address 4 times during 5 years
Article 13 - B of the New York banking law states that it is a felony to transfer money without a license if one knowingly transmits $ 250,000 or more in a year from a single client in a year ; $ 25,000 or more in 30 days ; and $ 10,000 or more in a single transition .
* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_Age
Many businesses and one den of the scammers
And though Budovsky and Kats were arrested in 2006 the address of the financial laundry GoldAge .
net has also been specified in contact details of Liberty Reserve .
A variety of LR�s headquarters really amazes : New York ( 2106 Bath Avenue , Suite # 101
Brooklyn , NY 11214 USA ) , Nevada , Nevis , and finally Panama .
The company has changed its address 4 times during 5 years , why ?
The answer is evident : the company owner�s didn�t want to be jailed .
By the way , the full address in New York is not just a fortuity .
And we recommend you to remember it .
In January 2007 the company removed all the addresses including the mailing ones and left only a contact form and the following phone number 917 331-9604 which appeared to have a New York City area .
A quick check in Google has lead to web site AboutUs.com showing this phone number and the following address :
James Bell
+1 917-690-8126
PO Box 940538
Rockaway Park NY 11694 US
CNAM entries , Reverse Phone search Area Code :917
Exchange : 690
City : NWYRCYZN01
State : NY
NY - NEW YORK ( NWYRCYZN01 ) NY - NEW YORK ( NWYRCYZN01) 646-459-8436 dial up local assess number
http://www.aboutus.org/LibertyReserve.com
James Bell , who is he ?
The search has returned us to the far 2002 when Ragnar Danneskjold has interviewed James Bell who appeared to be new CEO of Gold - Age.com who had bought that business from its former owner Parker Bradley .
( http://www.planetgold.com/interview.asp?SPID=91334475).
However it is impossible to view this page at the moment as the link is dead .
Here is just a part of the interview :
The sale and re-birth of Gold - Age
Monday , April 22 , 2002 Interview with Gold - Age.com new CEO , James Bell , and former CEO , Parker Bradley , conducted by Ragnar Danneskjold , editor - Planetgold.com .
planetgold : Today , Planetgold is pleased to interview James Bell , of Gold - Age ( www.Gold-Age.net)
planetgold :
The three of us are sitting here , in Albany .
This is a closing for the sale of Gold - Age .
Welcome , James and Parker .
Thank you for agreeing to be interviewed .
James :
It 's my pleasure !
Parker : Same here .
planetgold :
So what 's the deal here with Gold - Age ?
James : I am acquiring Gold - Age from Parker Bradley .
Thank you for bringing us together and brokering the arrange
One more interesting finding : the AboutUs.com wiki also contains the same Liberty Reserve / Gold - Age.net contact number for Asianagold ( http://www.asianagold.com/ ) with Anthony Hawkins as a contact person .
Asianagold is an exchanger exchanging e-gold , Pecunix , Liberty Reserve , e-Bullion , 1mdc , and WebMoney .
Don�t you find this list a little bit familiar ?
In October 2007 LibertyReserve came with new address in Costa Rica and new management .
May be the management didn�t changed however the names charged for sure : Mr. Joul Lee , Marketing Manager and Eric Paltz , founder of LibertyReserve .
By the way the last name is present on the site today .
However , there were some companies that had an interesting connection with LibertyReserve .
One of them is Liberty Impact newsletter operated by Vlad aka Ragnar , with direct links to GoldAge and LibertyReserve .
Please pay attention to the address : 2106 Bath Avenue
Starting from 2003 GoldAge has also the same address : 2106 Bath Avenue .
In 2005 the Internet community is introduced to the Cambist . net web site .
Try to guess what address is specified ?
Bingo !
Again : 2106 Bath Avenue Address in Brooklyn .
A popular address one may say ?
No the answer is simpler : the same owners .
In the press release from the Manhattan District Attorney 's office , July 27th , 2006 regarding the arrests of the GoldAge operators , http://manhattanda.org/whatsnew/press/2006-07-27.shtml
DISTRICT ATTORNEY - NEW YORK COUNTY News Release
July 27 , 2006 Manhattan District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau announced today the indictment of two people on charges of operating an illegal money transmittal business .
Eight subsidiary businesses operated by the defendants have also been indicted .
The defendants are ARTHUR BUDOVSKY and VLADIMIR KATS .
The defendants � illegal money transmittal business is GOLDAGE INC .
Also indicted today are other companies operated by BUDOVSKY and KATS : GOLDAGE HOLDING INC . , ECSN INC . , EXECUTIVE COMMERCIAL SERVICES INC . , INTERNETWORK MANAGEMENT INC . , GGN INC . , B TO B MARKETPLACE INC .
and MGA INTERNATIONAL INC .
The defendants operated out of their Brooklyn apartments .
Both defendants addresses were listed :
Arthur Budovsky :
DOB : 10/24/1973
Address : 118 Battery Avenue , Suite 4B ,
Brooklyn , New York 11209
Vladimir Kats :
DOB : 01/04/1972
Address : 40 Oceana Drive West , Unit 4B
Brooklyn , NY 11235
If you plug ALL of these above mentioned addresses into any Map software on the Internet , you find they are all just a few miles apart .
( A) 7400 Shore Front Pkwy Arverne , NY 11693 -- FastGold , B to B Marketplace
( 2106 Bath Avenue , Brooklyn , NY 11214-- GoldAge , LibertyReserve , GDCAonline.org , Cambist , Asianagold
© Vladimir Kats home apt .
address : 40 Oceana Drive West , Unit 4B , Brooklyn , NY 11235
( D) Arthur Budovsky home apt .
address : 118 Battery Avenue , Suite 4B , Brooklyn , New York 11209
These two shots came from a finance .e- gold forum January of 2005 .
Message 42 and 55 ,
http://osdir.com/ml/finance.*****er/20...1/msg00042.html
http://osdir.com/ml/finance.*****er/20...1/msg00055.html
( J Murray Wrote )
I recently contacted John Kyle of cambist .
net in order to purchase e-gold .
I received an email from John with instructions to make the payment out to " B - To - B MarketPlace Inc. " and mail to :
B - to - B MarketPlace Inc
7400 Shore Front Pkwy # 2E
Arverne , NY 11692
I mailed the money order USPS Prioirty Mail on 12/30/05 and it arrived on 1/3/05 .
Since then I have left voice messages and emailed John Kyle with no response .
Has anyone here had dealings with cambist .
net or B - To - B MarketPlace Inc ?
( Ragnar Wrote in response )
So , how much are you paying to buy $ 22.00 worth of e-gold that you want a dedicated team of professionals waiting on you hand and foot ?
=====
Regards ,
Ragnar
Gold Age - http://www.goldage.net
GDCA - http://www.gdcaonline.org
Shop anywhere with e-gold - http://www.goldstores.com
Liberty Impact - http://www.libertyimpact.com
Also we should mention Global Digital Currency Association ( GDCA : http://www.gdcaonline.org).
It was a trade association of electronic money operators , digital currency exchangers , merchants and users that became inaccessible a month ago .
The site of the company had a list of the businesses and associations which were listed according to the rank assigned by GDCA .
Behind this site one could also see the same Budovsky and Kats as the same address was specified :
2106 Bath Avenue , Suite # 101
Brooklyn , NY 11214 USA
We should give proper respect to Arthur Budovsky and his team as it was a very wise fraudulent idea to create a site which would rank e-currency exchangers and accredit them .
They could simply put the necessary mark and to throw the rivals away .
However , it seems that the last publicity policy of LibertyReserve and the crisis on the market of exchange services have made the owners of the system to refuse that site to avoid any suspicions .
So , it appears that Liberty Reserve payment system that has finally started thinking of its publicity in order not sink in rumors , talks is just a product of several scammers that had already practiced money laundering and paid for it .
Probably today Arthur Budovsky wants to mend his ways however who will trust him ?
Who will believe the person who had built his business on the dirty money , using some loopholes in bank laws ?
And finally where is a guaranty that a man who has deceived the government would not deceive the customers ?
Any event is possible .
However the possibility becomes 100 times stronger if the crime has been committed once .
Having read this article every reader will make his or her own decision however we think that it is our duty to warn you .
It is important as if one day we wake up and see that Liberty Reserve is not available not only the clients but hundreds of businesses , exchangers and the greater part of the Internet infrastructure will suffer .
And it is impermissible !
This post has been edited by Daniel Joel : Mar 1 2009 , 10:37 AM
Tweet
--------------------
<---
How true is it ?
� 2 Professional Minds Can Produce What 1,001 Unprofessional Minds Can't�
The ONLY proven $ NO WORK moneymaker for 2011 .
NOTE : this post contains material somewhat " adult " in nature .
also
Ok
am
bitchin
ol
without
Men
babies
Note :
The " We have a runner " cake is by the fabulous
Cakeworks
- be sure to check their site for more hilarious designs .
JB Hi-Fi has received a slap on the wrist from the consumer watchdog after a woman twice bought " new " Nokia phones from the retailer only to find out they were returned used products .
The woman filed a formal complaint with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission after she discovered contacts , photos and videos from the phones ' previous owners .
She had bought the Nokia mobiles from the JB Hi-Fi store at Westfield Kotara , NSW , in June last year .
JB Hi-Fi chief executive Richard Uechtritz rejected suggestions it was a company policy to sell used phones as new , saying the mix - up was a " mistake " .
+ 17
Houses • Athens , Greece Architects : Archivirus
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 80 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2006
Text description provided by the architects .
Athanasia Psaraki shared with us this house for a skater in Athens .
Take a look at this impressive interior work .
The ramp house is a project which tries to reconsider and redefine the living space .
The client requested a " skatable habitat " .
The result was a curved form interior , which set the whole house as well as the inhabitant 's life , into motion .
In that space , which actually was a roof addition to an existing three - stored building , I tried first of all to achieve a balanced co-existence between the old and the new .
The dominant material was the wood and so I used a wooden pergola and wooden horizontal louvers , which wrap up the whole new structure , ergo connecting the old with the new in a harmonious way .
As a result the new volume obtained independence while still remaining an inseparable part of the whole .
The ‘ skateboarding ' element is adopted in every possible way .
When the client asked me to design a home where she could be able to skate , I immediately eliminated the idea of just putting a mini ramp in the living room .
For me , the challenge of this project was to make a living space where the ramp , the bowl and all the interpretations of those terms would actually become the building elements for this space .
I wanted to make a ‘ ramp house ' and not a ‘ house with a ramp ' .
So I started imagining a space where the straight line would become curved and the flat surface would become a ramp or a bowl .
Playing with these forms and with the variable transitions which offer , my main goal was to create a functional open space where aspects of daily life would adopt ‘ the feeling of acceleration ' which is basically one of the main characteristics of skateboarding .
Having these in mind , I designed a home where the living room becomes a mini ramp and turns into a bowl to create a partition with the bedroom and the bathroom .
Basic house elements such as the fireplace and storage units are hidden inside the ramp forms .
I also tried to combine the street aesthetics of the skate scene using concrete and the cozy atmosphere of a house using wood .
So concrete walls mold into the floor and then concrete turns into wood to create a ramp partition with the kitchen .
In that way , the whole space is in actual motion and somebody can flow from one space to the other , skating or walking .
Swine flu causes regular outbreaks in pigs Infection control experts are scrambling to respond to outbreaks of swine flu in Mexico and the US , and suspected cases elsewhere .
What is swine flu ?
Swine flu is a respiratory disease which infects pigs .
Caused by influenza type A , there are regular outbreaks among herds of pigs , where the disease causes high levels of illness but is rarely fatal .
It tends to spread in autumn and winter but can circulate all year round .
There are many different types of swine flu and like human flu , the infection is constantly changing .
Can humans catch swine flu ?
Swine flu does not normally infect humans , although sporadic cases do occur - usually in people who have had close contact with pigs .
There have also been rare documented cases of humans passing the infection to other humans .
Human - to - human transmission of swine flu is thought to spread in the same way as seasonal flu - through coughing and sneezing .
In the latest outbreak it is clear that the disease is being passed from person to person .
Is this a new type of swine flu ?
The World Health Organization has confirmed that at least some of the cases are a never - before - seen version of the H1N1 strain of influenza type A. H1N1 is the same strain which causes seasonal outbreaks of flu in humans on a regular basis .
But this latest version of H1N1 is different : it contains genetic material that is typically found in strains of the virus that affect humans , birds and swine .
Flu viruses have the ability to swap genetic components with each other , and it seems likely that the new version of H1N1 resulted from a mixing of different versions of the virus , which may usually affect different species , in the same animal host .
How dangerous is it ?
Symptoms of swine flu in humans appear to be similar to those produced by standard , seasonal flu .
These include fever , cough , sore throat , body aches , chills and fatigue .
Most cases so far reported around the world appear to be mild , but in Mexico lives have been lost .
Is it safe to eat pig meat ?
Yes .
There is no evidence that swine flu can be transmitted through eating meat from infected animals .
However , it is essential to cook meat properly .
A temperature of 70C ( 158 F ) would be sure to kill the virus .
How worried should people be ?
When any new strain of flu emerges that acquires the ability to pass from person to person , it is monitored very closely in case it has the potential to spark a pandemic .
FLU PANDEMICS 1918 : The Spanish flu pandemic remains the most devastating outbreak of modern times .
Caused by a form of the H1N1 strain of flu , it is estimated that up to 40 % of the world 's population were infected , and more than 50 million people died , with young adults particularly badly affected
1957 : Asian flu killed two million people .
Caused by a human form of the virus , H2N2 , combining with a mutated strain found in wild ducks .
The impact of the pandemic was minimised by rapid action by health authorities , who identified the virus , and made vaccine available speedily .
The elderly were particularly vulnerable
1968 : An outbreak first detected in Hong Kong , and caused by a strain known as H3N2 , killed up to one million people globally , with those over 65 most likely to die The World Health Organization has warned that taken together the Mexican and US cases could potentially trigger a global pandemic , and stress that the situation is serious .
However , it is stressed that it is still too early to accurately assess the situation fully .
Currently , they say the world is closer to a flu pandemic than at any point since 1968 - rating the threat at three on a six - point scale .
Nobody knows the full potential impact of the pandemic , but experts have warned that it could cost millions of lives worldwide .
The Spanish flu pandemic , which began in 1918 , and was also caused by an H1N1 strain , killed millions of people .
The fact that all the cases in the US have so far produced mild symptoms is encouraging .
It suggests that the severity of the Mexican outbreak may be due to an unusual geographically - specific factor - possibly a second unrelated virus circulating in the community - which would be unlikely to come into play in the rest of the world .
Alternatively , people infected in Mexico may have sought treatment at much later stage than those in other countries .
It may also be the case that the form of the virus circulating in Mexico is subtly different to that elsewhere - although that will only be confirmed by laboratory analysis .
There is also hope that , as humans are often exposed to forms of H1N1 through seasonal flu , our immune systems may have something of a head start in fighting infection .
However , the fact that many of the victims are young does point to something unusual .
Normal , seasonal flu tends to affect the elderly disproportionately .
Can the virus be contained ?
The virus appears already to have started to spread around the world , and most experts believe that containment of the virus in the era of readily available air travel will be extremely difficult .
What about treatments and vaccines ?
The US authorities say that two drugs commonly used to treat flu , Tamiflu and Relenza , seem to be effective at treating cases that have occurred there so far .
However , the drugs must be administered at an early stage to be effective .
Use of these drugs may also make it less likely that infected people will pass the virus on to others .
The UK Government already has a stockpile of around 33 million doses of Tamiflu , ordered as a precaution against a pandemic .
It is unclear how effective currently available flu vaccines would be at offering protection against the new strain , as it is genetically distinct from other flu strains .
US scientists are already developing a bespoke new vaccine , but it may take some time to perfect it , and manufacture enough supplies to meet what could be huge demand .
What about bird flu ?
The strain of bird flu which has caused scores of human deaths in South East Asia in recent years is a different strain to that responsible for the current outbreak of swine flu .
The latest form of swine flu is a new type of the H1N1 strain , while bird , or avian flu , is H5N1 .
Experts fear H5N1 hold the potential to trigger a pandemic because of its ability to mutate rapidly .
However , up until now it has remained very much a disease of birds .
Those humans who have been infected have , without exception , worked closely with birds , and cases of human - to - human transmission are extremely rare - there is no suggestion that H5N1 has gained the ability to pass easily from person to person .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Haskell ] ANN control - monad - exception - 0.1 : Explicitly typed exceptions
The control - monad - exception package [ 1 ] provides explicitly typed exceptions for Haskell .
In other words , this is a perfect example of bundling in a Haskell library what for other programming languages is a native feature .
The type of a computation in the EM monad carries a list of the exceptions that the computation may throw .
A exception is raised with ' throw ' , which in addition adds it to the type , and captured with ' catch ' , which correspondingly removes it from the type .
Only safe computations ( all exceptions handled ) can escape from the monad .
The encoding used for the exception list is based on a phantom type variable carrying a @ Throws@ constraint for every exception type .
Catching an exception @e@ satifies the constraint @ Throws e@ thus removing it from the type .
It is possible to teach Throws about exception subtyping by manually inserting new instances declaring the subtyping relations between exceptions .
I do n't believe there is a better way to handle this , as the existential wrapper encoding used for Control .
Exception .
SomeException does not reveal the subtyping relations , but ideas are welcome .
Example -------- GHCi infers the following types eval :: ( Throws DivideByZero l , Throws SumOverflow l ) =>
Expr -> EM l Double eval `catch` \ ( e:: DivideByZero ) -> return ( - 1 ) :: Throws SumOverflow l => Expr -> EM l Double runEM ( eval `catch` \ ( e:: SomeException ) -> return ( - 1 ) ) :: Expr ->
Double for the code below .
> import Control .
Monad .
Exception > import Data .
Typeable > data Expr = Add Expr Expr | Div Expr Expr | Val Double > eval ( Val x ) = return x > eval ( Add a 1 a 2 ) = do > v1 <- eval a 1 > v2 <- eval a 2 > let sum = v1 + v2 > if sum < v1 || sum < v2 then throw SumOverflow else return sum > eval ( Div a 1 a 2 ) = do > v1 <- eval a 1 > v2 <- eval a 2 > if v2 == 0 then throw DivideByZero else return ( v1 / v2 ) > data DivideByZero = DivideByZero deriving ( Show , Typeable ) > data SumOverflow = SumOverflow deriving ( Show , Typeable ) > instance Exception DivideByZero > instance Exception SumOverflow Comments and patches are welcome .
Cheers , Pepe Iborra [ 1 ] - http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/control-monad-exception
The IPL is the most lucrative tournament in cricket Next month 's Indian Premier League will be held outside the country after organisers failed to secure government approval for the matches to go ahead .
The tournament clashes with the upcoming Indian general election , prompting fears over security .
England and South Africa have both confirmed they have been approached by the IPL about hosting the event .
Fears over safety were heightened after recent attacks on Sri Lanka 's players in the Pakistan city of Lahore .
IPL organisers have blamed the government for being unable to provide security for the showpiece tournament .
" Due to the attitude of the government that it cannot provide security for the tournament , we are forced to take a decision to move the IPL out of India , " said the country 's cricket chief Shashank Manohar .
" A final decision on the venue will be announced in two to three days . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) has released a statement confirming it has been asked by the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) to examine the feasibility of hosting the 2009 tournament .
" Officials from both Boards have held exploratory discussions to relocate the tournament to England and Wales , " read the statement .
" Further meetings will be held during the forthcoming week . "
ECB chairman Giles Clarke had earlier said that England " stand ready to help " if the IPL asked for assistance .
" We 've got a close and friendly relationship with the BCCI and if they need any help on matters we 'll be delighted to help if we can , " Clarke told BBC Radio 5 Live 's Sportsweek programme .
And Minister for Sport Gerry Sutcliffe said he was confident England could host the event if required .
We have to ensure that the quality of the tournament as expected by our fans is delivered to the fullest without any compromise
IPL commissioner Lalit Modi " I 'm sure it would be possible ( to stage the IPL in England ) , " he told the BBC .
" We have picked up lots of experience recently of hosting world - class events and the ECB can do that . "
There are logistical complications arising from the tournament being held in the UK as England play three Tests and five one - day internationals against the West Indies between 21 April and 26 May , which is then followed by the ICC World Twenty 20 from 1 June .
Cricket South Africa ( CSA ) has also announced in a statement that they have been approached by the BCCI .
" We received an official approach this morning to be one of several options they are considering to host the tournament outside India , " said CSA chief executive Gerald Majola .
" We do not know what the other options are and it is not for us to comment on that .
" At this stage we are looking forward to holding discussions with IPL officials to discuss the proposal in detail . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Sri Lankan Cricket Board have told BBC World Service Sport that they have offered to host the tournament .
" Being a neighbouring country we feel we would be the ideal location for them to come and play this tournament , " said the secretary of the Sri Lankan Board , Nishantha Ranathunga .
" It is a good opportunity for Sri Lanka as well . "
General elections in India are spread over five days between April 16 and May 13 , cutting significantly into the IPL 's schedule which runs from April 10 to May 24 .
Two proposed itineraries were made to India 's federal Home Ministry by IPL organisers but both were rejected as the chief ministers of Maharashtra and Andra Pradesh refused to allow the tournament to take place alongside the elections .
Federal Home Minister P. Chidambaram said last week the elections were " unquestionably " the first priority for India 's government .
" I can't exempt any state government from giving to the election commission the forces they have promised , " he said .
" I have also made it clear that I cannot spare any central paramilitary forces ( for the IPL ) . "
606 : DEBATE
Thank goodness the right decision has been made
Moutarde Despite previous denials from IPL commissioner Lalit Modi that the tournament could be moved out of the country , the decision of the two states forced the hand of the BCCI .
Concerns about security have been heightened after the recent attacks on the Sri Lankan cricket team in the Pakistani city of Lahore at the beginning of March .
The owners of the eight IPL franchises have been involved in discussions with event organisers and Manoj Badale , the chief executive of the Rajasthan Royals , who won the IPL last year , said a number of factors need to be considered before a choice of venue is made .
" There are all sorts of implications but the financial ones are significant , " he told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" I think at this stage we 've got clarity of what these options mean . "
" South Africa and England are definite options .
The weather and the availability of grounds are a massive consideration .
" Dubai has definitely been looked at and a couple of other options in the Middle East .
Pietersen has said he may withdraw from the IPL over security fears
The huge amounts of money involved in the IPL has attracted some of cricket 's best players to the event , including England duo Kevin Pietersen and Andrew Flintoff , who become the most costly cricketers at the auction in February when they were sold for $ 1.55 m ( £ 1.1 m ) each .
However , numerous players have voiced concerns about their safety with Pietersen stating recently that he would withdraw if his security fears were not dealt with .
Flintoff though has expressed his disappointment at being denied the chance to savour the experience in India .
" It 's disappointing news because one of the big attractions for me about the IPL was playing in India , " he said .
" It 's unfortunate but if we do n't do that this year then hopefully we can do it again next year . "
Modi said the integrity of the event was paramount in any decision that is made and hinted that the IPL would be willing to underwrite the losses of the franchises arising from the decision to move the tournament abroad .
" The revenue model and costs is of no concern and should not be a concern , " he said .
" Revenue is not the issue .
The issue is the integrity of the tournament .
This is a 59 - match tournament and it will remain a 59 - match tournament .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The president of the BCCI has authorised the IPL to ensure that we do not cut corners and we deliver a tournament of world standard wherever it is played in the world . "
Despite the change in venue , Modi insists that the tournament schedule will go ahead as originally planned , including start times for matches .
" We have to ensure that the quality of the tournament as expected by our fans is delivered to the fullest without any compromise , " he said .
" What is critical for us is that Indian viewers get to watch the matches at 1600 and 2000 IST .
That is what we are aiming for and that is what we will achieve . "
This would mean fixtures will be at 1130 and 1530 BST in England .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yes , that ’s right .
Mr. T is getting his own videogame !
The A - Team veteran , and still top badass , will star along with Will Wright in a title that features them fighting against Nazis ( go figure ) .
From what we can guess , Wright will be the problem solver while Mr. T will just pound the hell out of everything .
The locations included everything from military bases to the jungles of South America , says developer Zootfly .
Stay tuned to PSLS as we update you on this hilarious topic .
[ Source ]
Obama Administration quietly expands Bush 's legal defense of wiretapping program John Byrne
Published : Tuesday April 7 , 2009
Print This Email This
In a stunning defense of President George W. Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program , President Barack Obama has broadened the government 's legal argument for immunizing his Administration and government agencies from lawsuits surrounding the National Security Agency 's eavesdropping efforts .
In fact , a close read of a government filing last Friday reveals that the Obama Administration has gone beyond any previous legal claims put forth by former President Bush .
Responding to a lawsuit filed by a civil liberties group , the Justice Department argued that the government was protected by " sovereign immunity " from lawsuits because of a little - noticed clause in the Patriot Act .
The government 's legal filing can be read here ( PDF ) .
For the first time , the Obama Administration 's brief contends that government agencies cannot be sued for wiretapping American citizens even if there was intentional violation of US law .
They maintain that the government can only be sued if the wiretaps involve " willful disclosure " -- a higher legal bar .
" A ' willful violation ' in Section 223 ( c ( 1 ) refers to the ' willful disclosure ' of intelligence information by government agents , as described in Section 223 ( a ) ( 3 ) and ( b ) ( 3 ) , and such disclosures by the Government are the only actions that create liability against the United States , " Obama Assistant Attorney General Michael Hertz wrote ( page 5 ) .
Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which is suing the government over the warrantless wiretapping program , notes that the government has previously argued that the government had " sovereign immunity " against civil action under the FISA statute .
But he says that this is the first time that they 've invoked changes to the Patriot Act in claiming the US government is immune from claims of illegal spying under any other federal surveillance statute .
" They are arguing this based on changes to the law made by the USA PATRIOT Act , Section 223 , " Bankston said in an email to Raw Story .
" We 've never been fans of 223 - - it made it much harder to sue the U.S. for illegal spying , see an old write - up of mine at : http://w2.eff.org/patriot/sunset/223.php
-- but no one 's ever suggested before that it wholly immunized the U.S. government against suits under all the surveillance statutes . "
Salon columnist and constitutional scholar Glenn Greenwald -- who is generally supportive of progressive interpretations of the law -- says the Obama Administration has " invented a brand new claim " of immunity from spying litigation .
" In other words , beyond even the outrageously broad ' state secrets ' privilege invented by the Bush administration and now embraced fully by the Obama administration , the Obama DOJ has now invented a brand new claim of government immunity , one which literally asserts that the U.S. Government is free to intercept all of your communications ( calls , emails and the like ) and -- even if what they 're doing is blatantly illegal and they know it 's illegal -- you are barred from suing them unless they ' willfully disclose ' to the public what they have learned , " Greenwald wrote Monday .
He also argues that the Justice Department 's response is exclusively a product of the new Administration , noting that three months have elapsed since President Bush left office .
" This brief and this case are exclusively the Obama DOJ's , and the ample time that elapsed -- almost three full months -- makes clear that it was fully considered by Obama officials , " Greenwald wrote .
" Yet they responded exactly as the Bush DOJ would have .
This demonstrates that the Obama DOJ plans to invoke the exact radical doctrines of executive secrecy which Bush used -- not only when the Obama DOJ is taking over a case from the Bush DOJ , but even when they are deciding what response should be made in the first instance . "
" Everything for which Bush critics excoriated the Bush DOJ -- using an absurdly broad rendition of ' state secrets ' to block entire lawsuits from proceeding even where they allege radical lawbreaking by the President and inventing new claims of absolute legal immunity -- are now things the Obama DOJ has left no doubt it intends to embrace itself , " he adds .
Both the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union say the " sovereign immunity " claim in the context of the case goes farther than any previous Bush Administration claims of wiretap immunity .
Writing about the changes to the Patriot Act last year , the EFF asserted that revisions to the Act involved troubling new developments for US law .
" Unlike with any other defendant , if you want to sue the federal government for illegal wiretapping you have to first go through an administrative procedure with the agency that did the wiretapping , " the Foundation wrote .
" That means , essentially , that you have to politely complain to the illegal wiretappers and tip them off to your legal strategy , and then wait for a while as they decide whether to do anything about it before you can sue them in court . "
Moreover , they said , " Before PATRIOT , in addition to being able to sue for money damages , you could sue for declaratory relief from a judge .
For example , an Internet service provider could ask the court to declare that a particular type of wiretapping that the government wants to do on its network is illegal .
One could also sue for an injunction from the court , ordering that any illegal wiretapping stop .
PATRIOT section 223 significantly reduced a judge 's ability to remedy unlawful surveillance , making it so you can only sue the government for money damages .
This means , for example , that no one could sue the government to stop an ongoing illegal wiretap .
At best , one could sue for the government to pay damages while the illegal tap continued ! "
The Obama Administration has not publicly commented on stories that revealed their filing on Monday .
Correction : EFF Attorney Kevin Bankston 's comments about the government 's previous sovereign immunity claims were incorrectly summarized in an earlier version of this article .
They have been corrected .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Europeans seek U.S. energy drilling know - how ENERGY
** FILE **
In this Oct. 29 , 2008 file photo , workers stack the steel shafts , used in drilling wells thousands of feet into the earth to get to the Marcellus shale , on a farm in Houston , Pa. Pennsylvania 's 1984 Oil and Gas Act forced companies to comply with strict environmental standards , but also handed them a cushion that allowed them to keep secret most information about their below - ground discoveries for five years .
Now , with a fresh wave of exploration companies flocking to Pennsylvania in pursuit of natural gas in the sprawling Marcellus Shale rock formation , state legislators are considering peeling back that cloak of secrecy .
( AP Photo / Keith Srakocic , File ) less ** FILE **
In this Oct. 29 , 2008 file photo , workers stack the steel shafts , used in drilling wells thousands of feet into the earth to get to the Marcellus shale , on a farm in Houston , Pa. Pennsylvania 's 1984 ... more Photo : Keith Srakocic , AP Photo : Keith Srakocic , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Europeans seek U.S. energy drilling know - how 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
With one eye cast toward home , giant European energy companies are investing billions in U.S. natural gas and oil fields where huge , hard - to - get reserves have been unlocked with new drilling technology .
That technology is the prize in Europe , where gas production has declined and where an international utility dispute recently left people in more than a dozen European countries shivering in unheated homes .
Europe 's natural gas supply is routed through Ukraine from Russia .
Russia supplies about one - quarter of the EU 's natural gas , with 80 percent of it shipped through Ukraine .
A rift between the two nations left more than a dozen European countries with little or no gas for two weeks last month .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Declines in European gas production has potentially made the new techniques used in the United States even more pivotal .
At least three European oil and gas giants are developing or have bought interests in oil and gas shale projects in the United States - Norwegian oil company StatoilHydro , the U.S. unit of British oil company BP Plc and French company Total .
StatoilHydro and BP have agreed in recent months to pay billions of dollars for stakes in shale gas projects from the top U.S. producer of gas , Chesapeake Energy .
Total has bought a 50 percent stake in a U.S. company exploring for oil shale in the Rocky Mountains .
" Given the magnitude of oil shale resources we believe that this project has an important long - term potential for global energy markets , " Yves - Louis Darricarrere , Total 's exploration and production president , said in announcing Total 's deal with American Shale Oil .
Shale is a layered , sedimentary rock that exists in formations throughout the world .
In the United States , gas production from shale dates back to the 1800s .
But the gas , tightly locked in rock formations , had been extraordinarily expensive to extract .
That began to change about 15 years ago as producers developed new techniques such as horizontal drilling , where the drill is turned in a right angle to bore into a gas reservoir horizontally .
Gas from shale now amounts to about 5 percent of total U.S. production , according to the Gas Technology Institute .
If the same technology works in Europe it could free up an enormous amount of energy , and potentially provide a buffer against cross - border disputes to the east .
StatoilHydro bought into Chesapeake Energy 's massive Appalachian Marcellus shale project for $ 3.37 billion in November .
Executive Vice President Rune Bjornson said at an energy conference this month in Houston that Statoil Hydro wants to bring new drilling technology to other regions of the world .
If the race to duplicate drilling success in the United States is on , few companies are talking about it .
Even Aubrey McClendon , co-founder and chief executive of Chesapeake , the largest natural gas producer in the United States , said , " I doubt we will trumpet it as I think the combination of their international stature and presence and our knowledge of gas shale would do nothing but attract competition . "
But it has become clear since a chilly two weeks in January that Europe 's energy security has been diminished since the break up of the Soviet Union .
Buying into the technology in the United States makes sense and could spare European companies years of development , said Don Hertzmark , an international energy expert .
" The Europeans never bothered to develop this stuff , " he said .
U.S. companies stand to expand through new markets in Europe if the new techniques work , and many experts believe that they will .
Energy companies are now funding a six - year study to locate gas deposits in Europe and to determine if they can be exploited .
" The companies that are involved here - they 're not beginners , " said Brian Horsfield of the GFZ German Research Center , which is heading the study .
" It could come online within three years if it turns out these gas shales really are as prolific as we 're led to believe . "
Horsfield , a professor of organic geochemistry , said companies already have acquired land rights throughout Europe .
" The shale gas , if it were to be economic here , is very close to the user , " Horsfield said .
" That 's one of the selling points , certainly , of our project on a nonscientific basis .
And the events of the last month or so have helped to stress that . "
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said after the dispute between Russia and Ukraine was settled ( the second dispute in recent years ) that Europe must diversify its energy sources and supply route .
" It was utterly unacceptable that European gas consumers were held hostage to this dispute between Russia and Ukraine , " he said .
When I first moved here I did what I always do , travel around the less used roads to get a feeling for the area .
This area is quite different from where I had moved from ( greater Vancouver ) and the pace is slower .
It feels more like the area I grew up in , more rural and yet near a big city .
Every season brings new things to learn about and experience that are different from anywhere I have been .
One of the wonders are the delicate Lilies which grow along the roads and are in bloom right now .
Here the Erythronium oregonum used to be called the Easter Lilly .
Now we call them White Fawn or WhiteTrout Lillies .
Children would pick arm loads of White Fawn Lillies and give them to their teachers because they they grew in such massive quantities .
In some places they still grow thickly .
Along Southgate Street which parallels Beacon Hill Park is a densely growing area of them which are readily seen as you walk or drive between Blanchard and Quadra Street .
They are truly spectacular and many people who visit the area stop and ask what they are and then just have to take some pictures .
We are truly blessed on the west coast of North America with having 23 of the 27 known species of Erythronium .
They range from pure white to a strong yellow as well as pink and shades of these colors .
Vancouver Island has 4 species ; oregonum and montanum are white , revolutum is pink and grandiflorum represents the yellows .
Erythronium oregonum is the most common around this area .
There are many things that make Erythronium oregonum a choice plant for anywhere it would grow , the delicate flowers which dangle down high above the foliage , the foliage itself with it ’s lovely yet subtle green and maroon tones , and the delicate seedpods which blow in the wind and are the only sign later that this plant has been here at all .
It is said that ‘ John Burroughs ’ named the species ‘ Fawn Lily ’ because he felt the leaves reminded him of the ears of a fawn .
Most People think the name refers to the mottled leaves which is similar to the spotting and streaking on young fawns which help them to hide better from predators .
I think the White Trout Lily name comes from similar reasons .
Erythronium oregonum is definitely a connoisseur plant which we all dream about having in our garden , having said that , I know this is not an easy plant to grow .
If you are lucky enough to have them already in your yard , you are indeed blessed .
Last year I found one coming up in a area I had planted 10 years before , what a surprise .
I already see it is blooming this year in the same spot .
I truly hope it will spread itself and grow amongst the maroon colored Hellebores I have planted in the same area .
White Fawn Lillies are best grown in a site like which they come from .
These are plants which grow in dappled sun , under deciduous trees .
They need lots of moisture in their growing season which is in the first part of the year and then drier for the time that the seeds are ripening ( if you want them ) which is June and later .
they are fairly tolerant of soil types as long as it ’s not chalky and dry .
They of course need rich soil which is well drained as these are very deeply rooted plants .
It is best to acquire these plants form a reputable nursery which does not collect them from the wild .
Many areas where Erythronium oregonum live are being bulldozed to make way for city and road growth , fortunately for us there have been many areas set aside for the protection of native species .
We are also becoming more aware of the beauty in which we live in and more of us are respectful of the sites where these and other rare local plants live .
Right now amongst the White Fawn Lillies you might find the delicate magenta Dodecatheon blooming and then very soon it will be the spectacular blue Camas which takes over .
Links to This Week ’s Featured Plant :
A list of all the Erythroium which grow throughout the world and links to pages about them .
http://www.absoluteastronomy.com/topics/Erythronium
A little about growing Erythroniums and something about the meaning of the name .
http://www.rainyside.com/features/plant_gallery/nativeplants/Erythronium_oregonum.html
Beacon Hill Park in Victoria .
http://www.beaconhillpark.com/
Until We Meet Again Later This Week …..
This entry is part of " The Basic Syntax of F# " series :
When learning F# , there are three main kinds of information about ‘ types ’ that you need to know .
First , you need to know the names / aliases of common .
Net types ( e.g. that " int " means System . Int32 ) .
Second , you need to know the names of the main F#-specific types ( e.g. " unit " ) and what these types are / do / mean .
Finally , you need to know the syntactic elements used to write F# types ( e.g. generics use angle brackets and function types use " - > " ) .
So this blog entry covers these useful bits of F# knowledge .
I have covered most of this information ( at least in passing ) in other blog entries on F# ; this entry serves mostly to consolidate the stuff on ‘ types ’ with lots of links to more detail .
The F# names of common .
Net types
Here is a brief list of common .
Net types and the aliases those types have in F# :
System .
Object obj System .
Boolean bool System .
Int32 int System .
String string System .
Double float System .
Char char < arrays > array < ‘ a > or ‘ a array or ‘ a [ ]
System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable <T> seq<‘a> System .
Exception exn
There are more , but those are the most common .
For a full list of basic type abbreviations , see the F# language spec .
Types specific to F #
There are a number of F#- specific types ; the ones you ’ll most commonly encounter are : unit , list , option , ref , tuples , Async , Map , and Set .
I ’ll discuss each briefly in turn .
The unit type has only one value , written " ( ) " .
It is a little bit like " void " , in the sense that if you have a function that you only call for side - effects ( e.g. printf ) , such a function will have a return type of " unit " .
Every function takes an argument and returns a result , so you use " unit " to signify that the argument / result is uninteresting / meaningless .
( See also this entry . )
The list < ‘ T> type is a very common type in F# .
It represents an immutable , singly - linked list .
List literals are written in square brackets ( e.g. " [ 1; 2;3 ] " ) .
The " : : " operator can be used to cons an element onto the front of a list , or in a pattern to decompose a list into its first element and the rest of the list ( e.g. " head : : rest " ) .
Lists are supported by a variety of functions in the List module .
The option < ‘ T > type is used to represent an optional value , either " Some ( x ) " or " None " .
See here and here for some more details .
The ref < ‘T> type is sometimes used for creating mutable state .
See here and here for details .
Tuples are written with commas ( and usually parentheses ) , e.g. " ( 1,2,3 ) " .
The name of the type of a tuple is the names of the types of its components , separated by ‘*’s .
For example , " ( true , 42 ) " has type " bool * int " .
See this entry for details .
The Async < ‘T> type is used for representing asynchronous computations .
To learn more , this blog entry is one not bad jumping off point ; also check out the PDC video ( eight minutes , starting at 52:20 , shows off Async ; the whole video is a fantastic intro to F# ) .
The F# Map <‘ Key , ’Value > and Set < ‘ T> types are roughly just immutable versions of the common .
Net types " Dictionary < Key , Value > " and " HashSet < T > " .
One other type is worth mentioning : functions .
F# function types ( e.g. " int -> int " ) do not have ‘ names ’ ( unlike e.g .
C# where you ’d use a named delegate type like " Func< int , int > " ) .
Under the hood , F# represents function types using the FSharpFunc class .
So if you see " FSharpFunc " ( e.g. when viewing F# code in .
Net Reflector ) , that ’s what it is .
F# syntax for expressing types
( Since F# is a type - inferred language , you write out the names of types much more rarely than you do in other languages .
Often times much of the interaction you ’ll have with type names comes from reading the inferred type names that come up in hover - tooltips in Visual Studio . )
As mentioned above , F# represents function types using " - > " syntax ; " A -> R " is a function that takes an A and returns an R ( see also here ) .
In F# , a generic type parameter is an identifier preceded by a tick ( apostrophe ) character .
For example , ‘a and ‘ T are common names for generic parameters .
As in .
Net , generic types use angle bracket syntax , e.g. " Dictionary < ‘ Key , ’Value > " .
When there is a single generic parameter , you ’ll sometimes see it using ‘ prefix ’ syntax rather than angle brackets – most commonly with the F# generic types ‘ list ’ and ‘ option ’ .
So for example " int list " means the same thing as " list< int > " , just written a different way ( mentioned here ) .
Though you can write " array < int > " or " int array " , the way you ’ll most often see array types written in F# is like this : " int [ ] " .
Multidimensional array types use commas in the square brackets , so e.g. a two - dimensional array of integers is " int [ , ] " , and a 3 - D array is " int [ , , ] " .
Type annotations in F# look like " e : type " where ‘e ’ is an expression or a pattern .
Type annotations are most commonly used when declaring functions .
An example : " let f ( x:int ) : int = x + 1 " – the first " :int " says that the parameter ‘ x ’ has type ‘ int ’ , and the second " :int " says that the return value of the function has type ‘ int ’ .
Generic parameters on functions are often implicit , as in " let id ( x : ’a ) : ‘ a = x " , but can be explicit , as in " let id < ‘ a > ( x : ’a ) : ‘ a = x " .
The ‘ _’ character can be used to infer a type without naming it ; for example , if ‘ myList ’ is a " list< int > " then the expression " myList :> seq < _ > " will upcast myList to a " seq<int > " because the ‘ _ ’ was inferred as ‘ int ’ .
There are a number of other bits of syntax in the type system that are more rarely used , so I describe them just briefly .
The syntax # type roughly means " forall ‘ a when a :> type " ; this feature is rarely used / needed .
The syntax ^a is similar to ‘ a but allows for ad - hoc polymorphism ( " statically resolved type variables " , a la C++ templates ) with interesting constraints on types ; this feature is very advanced ( used almost exclusively by the arithmetic operators ) .
The ‘ delegate ’ keyword can be used to create .
Net delegate types ; this feature is only useful for interop with other .
Net languages .
Astronomers using the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope ( UKIRT ) in Hawaii , the IRAM Millimetre - wave Telescope in Spain , and the Spitzer Space Telescope in orbit above the Earth , have completed the most wide - ranging census ever produced of dynamical star formation in and around the well - known Great Nebula of Orion .
They have found this stellar nursery to be a lively and somewhat overcrowded place , with young stars emitting gas jets in all directions , creating quite a chaotic picture and demonstrating there is much more going on in Orion than previously thought .
Researchers including UKIRT Director Professor Gary Davis will present this and other UKIRT science results on April 20th at the European Week of Astronomy and Space Science at the University of Hertfordshire .
Take a look at the constellation of Orion at night .
With the naked eye you see only the brightest stars , like Betelgeuse and Rigel at the shoulder and knee of the constellation , or perhaps the Orion Nebula as a vaguely fuzzy patch around the sword .
What your eye does not see is an enormous cloud of molecules and dust particles that hide a vast region where young stars are currently being born .
On the sky , the region – known to astronomers as the Orion Molecular Cloud -- is more than 20 times the angular size of the full moon , spanning from far above the hunter ’s head to far below his feet .
It is one of the most intense regions of star formation in the local Milky Way and has been the subject of many small - scale studies over the years .
However , the current work is the first to present such a complete study of the young stars , the cloud of gas and dust from which they are being born , and the spectacular supersonic jets of hydrogen molecules being launched from the poles of each star .
Most of the " action " is hidden from view in visible light , because the molecular cloud is very thick and opaque .
Only the Orion nebula , which is really just a blister on the surface of the cloud , gives an indication of what is really happening within .
To see through the cloud , we need to observe at wavelengths beyond the reach of the human eye .
The longer ( or " redder " ) the wavelength , the better !
Thus , the team have used UKIRT on Mauna Kea , the Spitzer Space Telescope , which works at even longer " mid-infrared " wavelengths , and the IRAM radio telescope , which operates beyond the infrared at short radio wavelengths .
The key to the success of this project was the combination of data from all three facilities .
Inspired by the richness of his images from UKIRT , scientist Chris Davis contacted colleagues in Europe and on the U.S. Mainland .
Tom Megeath , an astronomer from the University of Toledo , provided a catalogue of the positions of the very youngest stars – sources revealed only recently by the Spitzer Space Telescope .
Thomas Stanke , a researcher based at the European Southern Observatory in Garching , Germany , then provided extensive IRAM maps of the molecular gas and dust across the Orion cloud .
Dirk Froebrich , a lecturer at the University of Kent , later used archival images from the Calar Alto Observatory in Spain ( data acquired by Stanke some 10 years ago ) to measure the speeds and directions of a large number of jets by comparing them with their positions in the new images .
Armed with these data , Davis was able to match the jets up to the young stars that drive them , as well as to density peaks within the cloud – the natal cores from which each star is being created .
Dr Davis says , " regions like this are usually referred to as stellar nurseries , but we have shown that this one is not being well run : it is chaotic and seriously overcrowded .
Using UKIRT ’s wide field camera ( WFCAM ) , we now know of more than 110 individual jets from this one region of the Milky Way .
Each jet is travelling at tens or even hundreds of miles per second ; the jets extend across many trillions of miles of interstellar space .
Even so , we have been able to pinpoint the young stars that drive most of them . "
Dr Froebrich mentions that , " measuring the speeds and directions of the jets is essential to pinpoint the driving sources , especially in such crowded regions as M42 in Orion . "
Dr Megeath adds , " With such a large number of young stars , we can study the " demographics " of star birth .
This study will give us an idea of how long it takes baby stars to bulk up by pulling in gas from the surrounding cloud , what ultimately stops a star from growing bigger , and how a star 's birth is influenced by other stars in the stellar nursery . "
Dr Stanke notes , " Star formation research is fundamental to our understanding of how our own sun , and the planets that orbit it , were created .
Many of the stars currently being born in Orion will evolve to be just like the sun .
Some may even have earth - like planets associated with them . "
Dr Andy Adamson , Associate Director at the UKIRT , says , " This spectacular dataset demonstrates the power of survey telescopes like UKIRT .
With on - line access to data from other telescopes around the world , and the ease with which one can communicate with collaborators across the globe , massive projects like the Orion study are very much the future of astronomy . "
It 's no wonder that a handful of organizations -- including a Darfur foundation , the U.S. Marines , the Mormon Church and ...
In Digg 's case , a submission that receives enough votes from its users ( or with a little help from uSocial 's dozen employees ) will reach the coveted front page , which can drive tens of thousands of visitors in a matter of hours .
USocial lets advertisers buy votes on popular social bookmarking sites to catapult their links to sections of Digg , StumbleUpon or AOL 's Propeller services that get the most visibility .
Among Digg 's and StumbleUpon 's tens of millions of users , the social bookmarking sites have successfully dealt with numerous troublemakers who try to " game " the voting systems .
But one company may be putting the entire organic voting approach in jeopardy .
... the Korean Department of Tourism ( the latter of which has spent more than $ 5,000 ) -- are on board , claims uSocial founder Leon Hill .
Clients pay $ 105 to $ 200 to kick - start a Digg submission , ensuring 100 to 250 votes .
Digg is by far the top target , attracting about 60 % of purchases , uSocial says .
StumbleUpon gets 35 % and Propeller ( the least trafficked but cheapest option ) gets 5 % .
USocial plans to expand to other social news sites in the future , including Reddit and Yahoo Buzz .
" We just finished testing with Yahoo Buzz , " Hill said .
" We 've been getting amazing results with that -- better results than what people are getting with Digg . "
That 's probably because Yahoo sometimes promotes popular links on Buzz to Yahoo.com .
But in the meantime , Digg is still a unique source for a Web traffic jolt .
With Digg 's prominence comes the desire to keep its operations organic .
Which is why the company has gone after uSocial , trying to lock out its accounts .
Digg sent a cease - and - desist letter to Hill in December .
The Brisbane , Australia , resident concedes that what his company does is against the site 's terms of use , which he agreed to when signing up for his Digg account .
But he plans to continue to use Digg to plow in revenue for uSocial .
" I 'm not in their [ Digg 's ] country of operation , and the people that I 'm employing are scattered across the world , " Hill said .
For these reasons , he believes Digg wo n't succeed in bringing a case against him .
Hill calls the letter nothing more than a " scare tactic . "
Digg is not taking the issue lightly , said Beth Murphy , Digg 's head of marketing .
In an e-mail , she wrote : " Digg is always evolving our systems and processes to combat gaming and abuse on the site .
In addition to these ongoing measures , we may take additional action to ensure Digg remains a level playing field for all members of our 35 million community . "
Many of Digg 's users are understandably less than enamored of Hill 's infiltrating their hangout .
" As you can understand , there are a lot of people out there who are n't happy with what we 're doing , " Hill said .
" We 're gaming Digg . "
Digg is no stranger to users who try to abuse its service .
Digg bans users who show traces of unusual activity , such as employing computer scripts to alter the website .
But thanks to the software Hill developed for the company , he says , uSocial accounts are immune .
Since perfecting the software three months ago , he says , he has n't had a single account banned for misuse .
For now , Hill says , uSocial is backed up on orders .
But Digg is hoping it can shut down the operation , and put the editing power back in the hands of legitimate users .
Updated , Sept. 8 , 10:05 a.m. : The Mormon Church has never done business with uSocial , writes Lyman Kirkland , a representative for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
-- Mark Milian
Screenshots of USocial.net
RSA
The New Zealand version of Microsoft 's MSN website was briefly hijacked after attackers penetrated that country 's prominent domain name registrar .
Websites for Sony , BitDefender , and HSBC were also commandeered .
The mass defacements came as security researchers gathered in San Francisco discussed vulnerabilities in the DNS , or domain name system , and BGP , or border gateway protocol .
The two technologies form the core infrastructure for routing traffic over the internet , so the weaknesses have the ability to compromise the integrity of the entire worldwide network by allowing huge chunks of it to be hijacked or rerouted .
MSN 's front page was altered to show a picture from 1998 of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates with pie in his face .
A headline read : " Microsoft New Zealand Hacked by Peace Crew . "
According to the Zone-h website here , the attack was carried out by a Turkish crew that managed to compromise New Zealand registrar Domainz .
net by exploiting a simple SQL injection vulnerability .
Once in , the group changed domain name system settings for MSN and the other affected websites .
The Domainz .net website remained unreachable at the time of writing .
MSN and other affected websites were restored to their normal working order .
The episode is a potent reminder of the fragility of the internet 's routing system .
In this case , a small portion of it was compromised by a single web application error .
In other cases , attackers are able to exploit weaknesses in DNS itself .
Either way , the attacks are only possible because DNS - which converts easy - to - read domain names into machine - readable IP addresses - has no mechanism to validate that the server providing the translation is duly authorized to do so .
At the RSA security conference in San Francisco on Wednesday , researcher Dan Kaminsky called once again for deployment of a technology known as DNSSEC , which would use a hierarchy of cryptographic signatures to authenticate valid DNS servers .
" It 's actually doable within the RFCs that already have been written , " said Kaminsky , who last year revealed a DNS bug that could allow millions of people to be redirected to fraudulent websites even though they typed in the correct address .
" It 's not just about who do I hit with a stick until it 's deployed . "
Bradesco , one of Brazil 's biggest banks , was reportedly hit by a DNS cache - poisoning attack recently that redirected its customers to an impostor website .
While vulnerabilities in DNS are well known , weaknesses in BGP have gone less noticed .
Anton Kapela , who last year demonstrated systemic flaws in the technology , said he did n't see any easy fixes on the horizon , in large part because there they would require all 31,000 or so participants in the BGP system to deploy significant overhauls of their networks .
" Getting 31,000 organizations to install some new code or upgrade their platforms when the platforms are a wide variety seems like a really tough thing to do , " said Kapela , who is data center and network director at 5 Nines Data .
" I 'm no organizational manager , but it sounds hard . "
Two of the more popular proposed fixes include Secure BGP and Secure Origin BGP . ®
In a patent application filed in November 2007 and released today , Apple reveals that it is researching methods for providing customized audio control for Internet browser content .
The research is targeting the inability for a single system volume setting to address multiple simultaneous audio - generating applications , a common inconvenience for computer users .
For example , a user may have audio content playing in the background through iTunes and may wish to mute only browser - based audio content coming from websites .
When using a web browser application ( e.g. , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Apple Safari ) , audio sources ( e.g. , websites ) will often provide audio signals ( e.g. , music , noises ) which may or may not be welcomed by the user .
While operating system desktops often provide audio controls ( e.g. , volume controls ) , such audio controls adjust all audio signals playing on the host device , including desirable audio signals such as music the user desires to play from their music library while browsing the Web .
Accordingly , if desktop audio controls are used , then desirable audio signals , as well as undesirable audio signals , will be adjusted together which may not be the intent of the user .
The patent application describes a browser - based system for adjusting the volume of Web - generated content and offers a system for remembering the user 's preferences for future encounters with the audio content from those sources , identified by URL or domain .
Browser - based audio controls
Sample list of Internet audio sources and user preferences
( The category labeled " Moot " is a misspelling of " Mute " . )
The application also describes an implementation of the invention in which the differing preferences can be activated depending on whether audio is already playing on the system .
For example , audio from websites could be muted if audio content is currently being played from a media player application such as iTunes , but audible if iTunes was inactive .
Another implementation offers a server - based preference system , which would allow user audio preferences to be shared across devices for which such control is desired .
Illustrator Yoriko Yoshida has dreamed up dozens of colorful face mask designs that are sure to keep you looking cool and feeling safe as fears of swine flu spread across the globe .
The mask of Octopus beard
The mask of Rising sun
The mask of Skull
The mask of Wild boar
The mask of Mt. FUJI
The mask of Beauty
[ Link : Yoriko Yoshida 's surgical masks ]
Former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio probably wo n’t have to report to prison on Monday as previously scheduled , and the “ suspicious growth ” on his leg is not cancerous , according to disclosures today in Denver federal court .
U.S. District Judge Marcia Krieger tentatively granted Nacchio ’s request to delay the date he must begin serving a six - year prison term for illegal insider trading , stating today that the mandate is “ stayed pending further order of this court . ”
Krieger said she wanted time to rule on Nacchio ’s request to remain free on bail while his attorneys seek a Supreme Court review of the conviction .
The postponement of the surrender date is contingent on Nacchio filing the Supreme Court petition Friday .
Krieger rejected a similar bail motion last week , stating that it was premature because Nacchio had yet to file the Supreme Court petition .
It ’s possible that Krieger could deny the bail request Friday and order Nacchio to report to prison on Monday as scheduled , though she did n’t say when she would issue a ruling .
Earlier in the hearing , it was disclosed that a biopsy on a mass on Nacchio ’s leg was negative .
“ The growth on his leg is benign , ” said Nacchio ’s attorney Everett Johnson .
Nacchio had sought to delay the surrender date to receive medical treatment for the growth .
Krieger denied that request and said the federal prison system is equipped to treat his condition .
Nacchio was not at the hearing .
Court filings connected to his medical condition suggest he is spending time in Florida .
A federal jury convicted Nacchio on 19 counts of insider trading in 2007 .
He was accused of selling millions in Qwest stock in early 2001 based on private warnings that the company ’s financial condition was deteriorating .
Andy Vuong : 303-954-1209 or avuong@denverpost.com
Wind Turbine Output Boosted 30 % by Breakthrough Design
April 29th , 2009 by Timothy B. Hurst
Passive structure design of “ Wind Energizer ” by Leviathan Energy reportedly increases wind turbine efficiency 30 % in field tests .
Technological advancements in wind energy efficiency have generally come incrementally and usually made via a process of increasingly large wind turbine blades .
Put simply , the model has been : longer blades = more output per turbine .
But that pattern of incremental improvements may be a thing of the past if Leviathan Energy has anything to say about it .
Leviathan Energy has completed initial testing on their Wind Energizer unit and is reporting gains in wind turbine output in the ballpark of 30 % — and as much as 150 % at lower wind speeds .
The principle theory at work is that by placing passive objects around a wind farm it will change the circulation around a large wind turbine .
The advancement is not in the turbine itself , but rather in the area around it , as such , units can be adapted to any wind turbine from any manufacturer .
“ This is a disruptive technology , ” Leviathan Energy CEO Dr. Daniel Farb told me via telephone from Israel last week .
“ We are changing the environment of the wind turbine ; this is a very different approach . ”
Farb is a bit of a modern day renaissance man .
Trained as a medical doctor — an opthalmologist — he also has a business degree , and perhaps most importantly , a real determination to make innovations in renewable energy .
“ Sometimes people are able to develop ideas that other people that may have missed by taking a fresh perspective on something , ” said Farb , whose team at Leviathan Energy also makes a vertical axis wind turbine and small hydroelectric turbines .
The Wind Energizer is a donut - shaped structure made from steel and plastic , but the exact dimensions of it depend on site - specific data , like the tower height , length of the blades , prevailing wind direction and intensity , etc .
As determined in the customized modeling process , Farb said that the structure may not even make an entire circle ( as is depicted in the images ) .
“ We ’re shaping the flow so that the highest velocities hit the blades .
By increasing velocity at exactly the right point we ’ve been able to make serious advances in the cost - effectiveness of renewable energy , ” Dr. Farb explained .
In the initial phase of testing , Leviathan measured an average of 20 - 40 % more output with the turbines using the Wind Energizer , as compared to the control units .
At lower wind speeds ( 0 - 6 meters per second ) the turbines with the Wind Energizer had gains as high as 150 % .
Leviathan ’s early testing has been conducted on a relatively small scale , using commercially - available small turbines with 3 - meter blades .
Farb told me that Leviathan is currently exploring opportunities for third - party testing and certification on a commercial scale wind farm .
>> See also : Leviathan Launches US Sales Effort for Wind Energizer
Leviathan estimates that the period of return on investment for the wind energizer to be about four to five years and that wind farm operators would likely see decreased maintenance costs and longer life span because the Wind Energizer balances the velocity load and shearing forces on the turbine .
“ If this were implemented worldwide there is no quicker way to grow our renewable energy capacity , ” Dr. Farb said .
And if the Wind Energizer performs as well on a large scale as it did on a smaller scale , he may be right .
If you want to learn more about the Wind Energizer , or any of Leviathan Energy ’s other products , they will be at the American Wind Energy Association ’s WINDPOWER 2009 conference and expo in Chicago next week .
Images courtesy of Leviathan Energy
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Coleman contests his resounding defeat in the seemingly endless Minnesota Senate race recount .
Coleman files appeal
Norm Coleman ’s legal team has filed a notice of appeal to the Minnesota Supreme Court , contesting his resounding defeat last week at the hands of a lower court in the seemingly endless Minnesota Senate race recount .
Coleman ’s appeal to the state supreme court was expected , but it comes after a week of pressure from Democrats , Minnesota media and even some Gopher State Republicans for him to concede .
Coleman and his attorneys have dismissed these calls for his concession , and he has the full backing of Washington Republicans , who continue to raise money for his legal fees in the ongoing fight .
Advertisement
Coleman ’s appeal comes the same day Democrat Al Franken went into senator - elect mode , announcing the hiring a state director to handle Minnesota constituent matters .
Franken ’s move was as administrative as it was political – he wants maximum pressure on Coleman to step aside in what some many observers believe is a long shot effort to overcome Franken ’s 312 vote lead .
The premise of Coleman ’s state Supreme Court appeal is consistent with what he has contended throughout the six month ordeal – there were 4,400 rejected ballots , and he wants a new review of the ballots in question .
Franken ’s legal team said Monday that they were so confident they would win again in this court battle that they plan to file a motion requesting expedited decision by the state ’s high court .
“ We do believe the district court got it wrong on the law , because the Minnesota tradition in law is to franchise people and their decision disenfranchises people whose votes were wrongly discarded , ” Coleman attorney Ben Ginsberg said in an afternoon conference call .
“ Different rules were used by different jurisdiction to create an equal protection violation . ”
Ginsberg said Coleman is “ just thinking about the Minnesota Supreme Court , ” but even if they lose again , Republicans are pushing for a federal court appeal , which could take months .
Franken ’s top lawyer , Marc Elias , noted that the Coleman appeal also disputes some ballots already counted , undermining the argument that more ballots must be counted .
“ When it comes to disenfranchisement , no one holds a candle to the legal team formed by former Sen. Coleman , ” Elias said .
“ This is the same ole same old that the court has rejected . …
What we have now is the death throes of the Coleman legal effort . ”
President Obama 's pledge to open the White House up to the public through online forums faces an irksome challenge : a plague of Internet " trolls " -- troublemakers who work to derail cyber - conversations through harassing and inflammatory posts .
The problem became immediately apparent last month when Obama held an online " town hall " forum on the economy and invited the public to post questions on the White House Web site .
Those questions , in turn , were voted on by users to determine which ones the president would answer .
Three and a half million people participated in the event , but the " trolls " had their way : Following a coordinated campaign by marijuana advocates to vote their topic to the top of the list , questions on the future of the U.S. dollar and the rising unemployment rate were superseded by questions about legalizing pot as an economic remedy .
Recent months have brought an unprecedented level of positive mainstream discussion about reforming our marijuana laws .
To those who 've been working for decades to create a national dialogue surrounding marijuana policy , it 's a sign of hope and progress .
To the folks at FOX News , it 's a f#$king internet prank
Really , FOX News ?
You are so incapable of understanding our argument that you would dismiss us as saboteurs ?
If the mere mention of reforming marijuana laws is such a grand affront to civil discourse , let me introduce you to a few more " trolls " out there on the internet spreading crazy ideas about not arresting people for marijuana :
There 's Joe Klein at Time , David Sirota at The Nation , Kathleen Parker at the Washington Post , Paul Jacob at TownHall.com , Hendrik Hertzberg at The New Yorker , Andrew Sullivan at The Atlantic , Glenn Greenwald at Salon , Debra Saunders at the San Francisco Chronicle , Leonard Pitts at Miami Herald , John Richardson at Esquire , Margery Eagan at Boston Herald and many more .
If these names sound familiar to you , it 's becaue they are n't trolls at all , rather they are respected journalists who are joining the national conversation about the harms of our vicious marijuana laws .
In one of Obama 's recent online forums , I saw this question : " How many donuts can I fit on my dong ? "
That was a troll , and it got deleted .
This is a movement , and it is n't going away .
Our issue is bigger than the organizations backing it .
It did n't win Obama 's forum because marijuana reformers know something about online organizing that other interest groups do n't .
It won because it is this defining question that quickly separates petty hypocrites from bold leaders , that distinguishes self - evident truths from antiquated propaganda , and that pits common sense against the mindless drug war hysteria that maintains a frigid stranglehold on our political culture , rendering impotent the promise of change that inspired so many hopeful Americans to lay their hopes and dreams at the steps of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
It won because millions among us have been arrested and abused at the expense of our own precious tax dollars , with no credible explanation and no honorable conclusion on the horizon .
And it won because President Obama himself once spoke of the " utter failure " of these laws , only to then embrace the endless drug war death march that destroys everything it was meant to preserve .
So no , FOX News , we are not " troublemakers " at all .
We are here to solve a problem and anyone who thinks there are more important things to worry about would be well advised to stop making this take longer than it has to .
Typical cat .
If he 's out , he wants in .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A RELIGIOUS RIGHT CRACK -UP ?….
In general , the most noticeable fissure among politically conservative evangelical Christians is generational .
In this dynamic , older evangelicals see themselves as an appendage of the Republican Party , and consider abortion and gay rights as the only “ moral ” issues that matter .
Younger evangelicals are less partisan , and consider poverty and global warming important , too .
But there ’s another fissure , which in the short term , may be even more consequential .
It ’s between leaders of the religious movement vs. those more inclined to take John 18:36 to heart ( Jesus said , “ My kingdom is not of this world ” ) .
The split first emerged , on a conceptual level , about a decade ago , when Cal Thomas , a far - right columnist and founding member of the Moral Majority , write a book called “ Blinded by Might , ” arguing that conservative evangelical Christians have been going about their efforts all wrong .
Religious right activists , Thomas said , should focus less on political power and influence — having a seat at the proverbial GOP table — and more on religion and family .
In her Washington Post column today , Kathleen Parker reports on how this kind of thinking as grown considerably more common , to the point that many “ principled Christians ” are now “ finished with politics . ”
Parker highlights a recent argument between Tom Minnery , head of the political arm of Focus on the Family , and Steve Deace of WHO Radio in Iowa .
Deace ’s point was that established Christian activist groups too often settle for lesser evils in exchange for electing Republicans … .
Compromise may be the grease of politics , but it has no place in Christian orthodoxy , according to Deace .
Put another way , Christians may have no place in the political fray of dealmaking .
That does n’t mean one disengages from political life , but it might mean that the church should n’t be a branch of the Republican Party .
It might mean trading fame and fortune ( green rooms and fundraisers ) for humility and charity .
Deace ’s radio show may be beneath the radar of most Americans and even most Christians , but he is not alone in his thinking .
I was alerted to the Deace - Minnery interview by E. Ray Moore — founder of the South Carolina - based Exodus Mandate , an initiative to encourage Christian education and home schooling .
Moore , who considers himself a member of the Christian right , thinks the movement is imploding .
“ It ’s hard to admit defeat , but this one was self - inflicted , ” he wrote in an e-mail .
“ Yes , Dr. Dobson and the pro-family or Christian right political movement is a failure ; it would have made me sad to say this in the past , but they have done it to themselves . ”
For Christians such as Moore — and others better known , such as columnist Cal Thomas , a former vice president for the Moral Majority — the heart of Christianity is in the home , not the halls of Congress or even the courts .
And the route to a more moral America is through good works — service , prayer and education — not political lobbying .
It ’s worth noting that both sides of the fissure believe the culture war has effectively been lost , but they differ wildly on the diagnosis .
For religious right leaders , the culture war flopped because they faced too many enemies ( popular culture , changing norms , progressive interest groups ) with too few allies ( no Republican follow - through ) .
For those like Deace and Thomas , the war never should have been fought in the first place , because it required principled Christians to effectively become political lobbyists .
Thomas told Parker , “ If people who call themselves Christians want to see any influence in the culture , then they ought to start following the commands of Jesus and people will be so amazed that they will be attracted to Him .
The problem is n’t political .
The problem is moral and spiritual ….
You have the choice between a way that works and brings no credit or money or national attention .
Or , a way that does n’t work that gets you lots of attention and has little influence on the culture . ”
The movement , in other words , has a decision to make .
following this :
http://community.livejournal.com/meta_writer/11369.html
I 've been asked for more information and am collecting the books / authors that are affected
- Author / title
- Level of explicitness / genre
- GLTB content ?
- Censored on which amazon website
- Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
Collection : Books that had their sales ranks removed :
Fiction
Out of a Top 100 Gay Novels List on Elisa Rolle 's LJ almost all the books are " purged " , including authors such as Jamie O'Neill , Edmund White , Andre Aciman .
Link :
James Baldwin , Giovanni's Room
Annie Proulx Brokeback Mountain
Stripped of sales rank on amazon.com , but not on amazon.ca
http://www.amazon.ca/BROKEBACK-MOUNTAIN-ANNIE-PROULX/dp/2246699215ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239562478&sr=1-3
Jeanette Winterson's OrangesAre Not The Only Fruit
Radclyffe Hall 's The Well of Loneliness .
None of which can be called " erotica " by any stretch of the imagination .
( the only " sex scene " in The Well of Loneliness consists in its entirety of the words " And that night they were not divided . " )
Alex Beecroft : False Colours , m/m historical romance , just broken through and ranking in top 10 historical novels -- i.e. non-romance , non - gay -- and then it suddenly disappeared entirely from the rankings .
The novel is NOT erotica , contains only one non-explicit sex scene , but the central premise features two male characters falling in love .
http://www.amazon.com/False-Colors-M-Romance/dp/0762436581
The Kindle version of False Colors has a sales rank but has had the ' an m /m romance ' taken off its name !
http://www.amazon.com/False-Colors-ebook/dp/B0026A6C3Q
Censored on Amazon.com
Alex Beecroft , Captain 's Surrender
heat level mild ; about one page of sex scenes all told in a book 196 pages long
http://www.amazon.com/Captains-Surrender-Alex-Beecroft/dp/1602020892
Censored on Amazon.com
The Kindle version of Captain 's Surrender has no sales rank either .
Erastes Transgressions - similar case to False Colours , screen cap here :
Erastes Standish
Erastes Speak Its Name
Erastes Frost Fair
( on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk )
Storm Grant - Gym Dandy
Level of explicitness / genre : a RomCom with a heat level of 2 out of 5 .
GLTB content ? : boy meets boy
Censored on which amazon website : .com , .uk , and .ca *
Proof of sales rank :
Leslie Feinberg Stone Butch Blues
http://www.amazon.com/Stone-Butch-Blues-Leslie-Feinberg/dp/1555838537
http://www.amazon.de/Stone-Butch-Blues-Leslie-Feinberg/dp/1555838537
Sales rank removed
Rita Mae Brown Rubyfruit Jungle
http://www.amazon.com/Rubyfruit-Jungle-Rita-Mae-Brown/dp/055327886X
http://www.amazon.de/Rubyfruit-Jungle-Rita-Mae-Brown/dp/055327886X
Sales rank removed
Sarah Waters Tipping
The Velvet now has no sales rank in one of its editions ...
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Tipping-Velvet-Virago-Sarah-Waters/dp/1860495249
http://www.amazon.com/Tipping-Velvet-Novel-Sarah-Waters/dp/1573227889/ref=pd_sim_b_2
http://www.amazon.de/Tipping-Velvet-Novel-Sarah-Waters/dp/1573227889/ref=
pd_sim_b_2
It still does in another edition :
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Tipping-Velvet-Sarah-Waters/dp/1844080110
The only difference seems to be that this one does n't have the word " lesbian " anywhere in its " Look for similar items by subject " .
E M Forster - Maurice
? ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239550630&sr=1-1
( Amazon.com - " Heat level " - neglegible )
( Sales rank removed )
Charlie Cochrane : Lessons in Love
http://www.amazon.com/Lessons-Love-Charlie-Cochrane/dp/1602021481/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239547504&sr=1-1
( no sex in the book )
( Sales rank removed )
Christopher Isherwood 's A Single Man
http://www.amazon.com/Single-Man-Christopher-Isherwood/dp/0816638624/
Gay protagonist .
I do n't recall any explicit sex .
( Sales rank removed )
Edmund White 's The Beautiful Room Is Empty
http://www.amazon.com/Beautiful-Room-Empty-Novel/dp/0679755403/
Have n't read , however , it 's certainly critically acclaimed ( as is A Single Man )
( Sales rank removed )
Edmund White 's A Boy's Own Story
Both of the Edmund White novels do contain explicit sex scenes , but they 're far from not " erotica " , and they 're acclaimed as literary classics .
( Sales rank removed )
Andrew Holleran's Dancer From The Dance
http://www.amazon.com/Dancer-Dance-Novel-Andrew-Holleran/dp/0060937068/
Gay protagonist .
Non-explicit , though much is implied .
Harold Robbins is steamier and retains his sales rank .
( Sales rank removed )
JL Langley 's Tin Star ( Amazon.ca )
( Sales rank removed )
James Buchanan : The Good Thief , Twice the Cowboy , Twice the Ride , Cheating Chance
( Only his print editions have had their sales rank stripped ) Amazon.com
Screencap for Good
Thief here :
More proof :
R W Day A Strong and Sudden Thaw Iris Press edition - has a ranking , Kindle version of the Lethe edition has a ranking .
The print version of the Lethe edition does not (
When you search by title from the Amazon home page , the Lethe print edition does n't even make the first page of results .
In fact , the first hit is a book by another author with the same name as me , and the second is Ginn Hale 's Wicked Gentlemen , which still has a ranking , btw .
Anne Brooke - Maloney 's Law
- Gay crime fiction - 2 sex scenes , one brief .
- GLTB content - Yes
- Censored on which amazon website - amazon.us and amazon.uk
Amazon UK link -
Amazon US link -
Both have had their ranking stripped .
It 's also very hard now to search directly for the book as you can't do just any combination of author / title into the search field .
It has to be title OR author and not both .
That 's a change from last week ...
Krandall Kraus Love 's Last Chance
Cannot be searched by on Amazon directly by title
Could be googled and got this link
> the amazon listing .
You can not even search for things by title .
Jane Davitt Wild Raspberries ( m /m romance )
http://www.amazon.com/Wild-Raspberries-Jane-Davitt/dp/1603703209/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239553045&sr=1-3
No sales ranks anymore ( same author , Drawing Closer does
LJ post about sales rank :
Shayla Kersten
The Cost of Eternity
Erotic romance ( Ellora 's Cave ) , GLTB content
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Cost-Eternity-Shayla-Kersten/dp/1419956655/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1/105-0198097-5214063?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1188657417&sr=1-1
Various authors Seduction ( Black Lace anthology )
Women 's erotica ( some same sex encounters but mostly het )
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Seduction-Various-Authors/dp/0352345101/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1217641842&sr=1-3
Jackson , Chase , Kersten Masters of Desire
Eerotic romance ( Kensington Aphrodisia )
No GLTB content
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Masters-Desire-Layla-Chase/dp/0758225490/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1217641768&sr=1-6
According to the authors on the Kensington Aphrodisia group , all of the Aphro stories have had ranking removed .
Aphro novels are erotic romance and some have GLBT content .
Mary Renault The Charioteer
http://www.amazon.com/Charioteer-Mary-Renault/dp/0375714189/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554137&sr=1-1
Tamara Allen Whistling in the Dark
" Sweet romance " - all the sex is behind closed doors , apart from a kiss or two and some cuddling .
It features two men falling in love .
Censored on all amazon websites
http://www.amazon.com/Whistling-Dark-Tamara-Allen/dp/1590210492/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1229019320&sr=8-1
The Kindle version has never had a sales rank , as far as the author knows .
The print version lost its sales rank on Friday morning .
George Bennett Fain Pandora's Box
http://www.amazon.com/Pandoras-Box-George-Bennett-Fain/dp/0615141358/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554619&sr=1-1
No sales rank .
Description contains the phrase " homosexual tones " .
Whereas hir other book , < ahref = " http://www.amazon.com/this-darkest-hour-george-bennett/dp/141169508>This Darkest Hour < /a > , still has a sales rank , even though it 's full of smut .
Description contains the phrase " sexy gay novella " .
But it 's out of print , so that might have anything to do with it .
Lee Rowan , all books in the print editions , Kindle versions seem to be there , but the Kindle editions are not in author 's profile ( affects Ransom , Winds of Change , Eye of the Storm , Sail Away , Walking Wounded , Speak Its Name ) .
They are all m/ m romance , heat level 3 - 3.5 on a scale of 5
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A14XRHD2PWFW4D/ref=sv_ys_4
It also affects self - published authors :
Marquesate Her Majesty's Men
Explicit , military gay erotica , m/m
Censored on amazon.co.uk and amazon.com
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Her-Majestys-Men-Marquesate/dp/0955988004/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239557697&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.com/Her-Majestys-Men-Marquesate/dp/0955988004/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239557739&sr=1-1
It has become impossible to find the book when searching generally .
Search box now has to be set on " books "
Jenna Jones , Chiaroscuro , and Something Beautiful
m /m romance
http://www.amazon.com/Chiaroscuro-Jenna-Jones/dp/1603704132/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556726&sr=1-1
/ref=tag_dpp_lp_edpp_img_in
Had ranks stripped
Angela Fiddler - Pulse
Explicit m/m GLBT content , Kindle version still online
Isabel Miller Patience and Sarah
Historical novel .
Erotic content limited to the words " Where 's my wet ?
Where 's my melt ? "
Fae Sutherland & Marguerite Labbe , Mr. Right Now
Explicit GLBT
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Mr-Right-Now-Rhianne-Aile/dp/0981508421/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239558793&sr=1-1
Fae Sutherland & Marguerite Labbe Bee Among The Clover
Explicit GLBT
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Bee-Among-Clover-Fae-Sutherland/dp/1607670356/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239558793&sr=1-2
Julia Serano Whipping Girl
Non-fiction - about trans women and femininity .
Not very explicit at all .
Some description ( for example , frank talk of anatomy ) , but overall , pretty tame .
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Whipping-Girl-Transsexual-Scapegoating-Femininity/dp/1580051545/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559105&sr=1-1
Jacqueline Carey 's Kushiel 's Legacy series , first trilogy has sales ranks ( Kushiel 's Dart , Kushiel 's Chosen , Kushiel 's Avatar ) but not the second trilogy ( Kushiel 's Scion , Kushiel 's Justice , Kushiel 's Mercy ) , mass - market paperback editions .
Mild side of explicit , definitely BDSM , maybe occasional GLBT pairings but mostly het .
Censored on Amazon.com
Links ( first three just for reference ) :
http://www.amazon.com/Kushiels-Dart-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/0765342987/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559225&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.com/Kushiels-Chosen-Legacy-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/0765345048/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559225&sr=1-5
http://www.amazon.com/Kushiels-Avatar-Legacy-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/0765347539/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559225&sr=1-4
http://www.amazon.com/Kushiels-Scion-Legacy-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/044661002X/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559225&sr=1-6
http://www.amazon.com/Kushiels-Justice-Legacy-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/0446610143/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559225&sr=1-3
http://www.amazon.com/Kushiels-Mercy-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/044661016X/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559225&sr=1-2
Gerri Hill , The Rainbow Cedar
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rainbow-Cedar-Gerri-Hill/dp/1594931240/ref=sr_1_12?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559303&sr=1-12
Georgia Beers , Too Close to Touch
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Too-Close-Touch-Georgia-Beers/dp/1933110473/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559303&sr=1-11
E. Lynn Harris , " I Say A Little Prayer "
Romance , on par with any other romance novel ( Nora Roberts , etc. )
Gay and straight relationships
-- hardcover , no ranking
-- paperback , no ranking
Kindle Edition still ranked .
E. Lynn Harris , " Not A Day Goes By "
Romance , on par with any other romance novel ( Nora Roberts , etc. )
Gay and straight relationships
-- paperback , no ranking
Hardcover , Kindle , and Large print still ranked
E. Lynn Harris , " Not A Day Goes By "
Romance , on par with any other romance novel ( Nora Roberts , etc. )
Gay and straight relationships
-- paperback , no ranking
-- hardcover , no ranking
-- large print , no ranking ( but also out of print ) Kindle edition still has a ranking .
This is particularly awful because E. Lynn Harris is an author
Quentin Crisp - most works seems to have befallen the same fate :
http://www.amazon.com/Stately-Homo-Celebration-Quentin-Crisp/dp/0593046773/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559828&sr=1-4
Censored on Amazon.com
Patricia Nell Warren , The Front Runner
Gay romance granddaddy of them all , published in 1974
Its sales ranks are stripped by Amazon
http://www.amazon.com/Front-Runner-Patricia-Nell-Warren/dp/0964109964/
Various , I Do : an anthology in support of marriage equality
Varying heat levels , some erotica .
A charity anthology in support of the Lambda Legal Fund .
http://www.amazon.com/I-DO-Kris-Jacen/dp/1934531707
Perihan Magden , Two Girls
Not explicit at all - a tragic story about two teenage girls falling in love , although I do n't recall the word ' lesbian ' ever even being mentioned outright .
Censored at amazon.com , amazon.co.uk , amazon.de ( the English edition ; the German edition still has its sales rank )
http://www.amazon.com/Two-Girls-Perihan-Magden/dp/1852428996/
Marion Zimmer Bradly , The Catch Trap
A bare handful of not very explicit sex scenes in over almost 700 pages .
What might be more of a problem is that one of the protagonists is rather young when the relationship starts .
- gay relationhsip , gay rights issues .
Censored at amazon.com , amazon.co.uk .
On amazon.de the sales rank has been removed for the English edition in
A.J. Mirag , Clippings
Explicit GLBT
Censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Clippings-J-Mirag/dp/0557013011/
Patricia Highsmith's The Price of Salt
Classic lesbian novel
http://www.amazon.com/Price-Salt-Patricia-Highsmith/dp/0393325997/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239563211&sr=1-1
Chris Bridges , Giggling Into the Pillow
Collection of funny erotica , all or mostly het , very explicit
US Amazon deranked it
http://www.amazon.com/Giggling-Into-Pillow-Chris-Bridges/dp/0595254306/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239563093&sr=1-1
Interestingly , the hardcover edition is still ranked :
http://www.amazon.com/Giggling-Into-Pillow-Chris-Bridges/dp/0595651704/ref=ed_oe_h
Kiernan Kelly , Riding Heartbreak Road
http://www.amazon.com/Riding-Heartbreak-Road-Kiernan-Kelly/dp/1934166251
Kiernan Kelly , In Bear Country
http://www.amazon.com/Bear-Country-Kiernan-Kelly/dp/1603700072/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239549662&sr=1-2
Kiernan Kelly , Seti's Heart
http://www.amazon.com/Setis-Heart-Kiernan-Kelly/dp/1603702598/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239549876&sr=1-1
Kiernan Kelly , In Bear Country II : The Barbary Coast
http://www.amazon.com/Bear-Country-II-Barbary-Coast/dp/1603704027/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239550489&sr=1-1
Kiernan Kelly , In Their Own Skins : Shifting Sands
http://www.amazon.com/Shifting-Sands-Their-Own-Skin/dp/1603705783/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239550657&sr=1-1
All deranked by amazon.com
Ann Rice , Sleeping Beauty series
The Story of O
Best Lesbian Erotica books series .
Jay Lygon , Chaos Magic , Love Runes
GLBT erotica
Third book in the trilogy , Personal Demons , still has a ranking .
Michael Thomas Ford 's books
Steve Berman , Vintage ( YA novel )
Berman ( a YA novel )
Catherine Lundoff ( ed ) , Haunted Hearths and Sapphic Shades
( lesbian ghost stories )
ALL of the books from the GLBT publisher Torquere Press have been deranked !
Some examples :
http://www.amazon.com/Forged-Sean-Michael/dp/1603705872/ref=pd_sim_b_1
http://www.amazon.com/Velvet-Glove-IV-Sean-Michael/dp/1603705473/ref=pd_sim_b_3
http://www.amazon.com/5-OClock-Bar-Chris-Owen/dp/160370549X/ref=pd_sim_b_5
Eden Bradley
Contemporary erotica and erotic romance ( No GLBT content )
Censored on amazon US , UK ( ca n't even get search results under my name ) , Canada , Germany
TITLES : The Dark Garden The Darker Side of Pleasure Exotica : Seven Days of Kama Sutra , Nine Days of Arabian Nights Hot Nights , Dark Desires ( erotic romance anthology ) Exclusive ( erotic romance anthology ) Surrender : Tales of Submission ( erotica anthology ) Forbidden Fruit Naughty Bits ( erotica anthology ) A 21st Century Courtesan Beyond Desire ( erotica anthology )
Mary Renault , The Friendly Young Ladies
censored at amazon.com
Lauren Dane , Taking Care of Business :
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0352345020/ref=cm_pdp_arms_dp_6
Deranked at Amazon.com )
Patti O'Shea , In Twilight 's Shadow
Paranormal Romance / one consummated love scene at the end of the book , no GLTB content
Censored on amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Twilights-Shadow-Patti-OShea/dp/0765355809
Steve Kluger , Almost Like Being in Love
Story about two high school boys who fall in love and then drift apart during college .
No adult content .
http://www.amazon.com/Almost-Like-Being-Love-Novel/dp/0060595833/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239565997&sr=1-2
Dan Savage
http://www.amazon.com/Commitment-Love-Sex-Marriage-Family/dp/0452287634
http://www.amazon.com/Savage-Love-Straight-Americas-Columnist/dp/0452278155
Pregnant Boyfriend : Censored on Amazon.com/ca/co.uk
Cassidy Ryan , Sleeping with the Past
Censored on Amazon.com and .co.uk
http://www.amazon.com/Sleeping-Past-Cassidy-Ryan/dp/1603704213/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239567827&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Sleeping-Past-Cassidy-Ryan/dp/1603704213/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239567973&sr=1-1
A search for Richard Stevenson , author of the Don Strachey mysteries , gives you only the Kindle versions of his books and one of the movies :
Alexander Chee , EDINBURGH
( sales rankign removed ; interestingly , it still shows up in " all departments " search results ) .
Justin Chin , BURDEN OF ASHES
( sales ranking removed , but does not show up in " all department " searches ) .
Justin Chin , HARMLESS MEDICINE
Katherine V Forrest , Curious Wine
( arguably one of the most famous lesbian novels ) :
http://www.amazon.com/Curious-Wine-Katherine-V-Forrest/dp/1555836615/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239568187&sr=1-6
Katherine V Forrest , Daughters of a Coral Dawn
( and also its two sequels ) :
http://www.amazon.com/Daughters-Coral-Dawn-Katherine-Forrest/dp/1555836623/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239568187&sr=1-7
Rank removed on amazon.co.uk and amazon.de
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Curious-Wine-Katherine-V-Forrest/dp/1872642020/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239568444&sr=8-6
Katherine V Forrest , All in the Seasoning
http://www.amazon.co.uk/All-Seasoning-Katherine-V-Forrest/dp/1932859268/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239568538&sr=1-2
( Ranking removed )
Liberty Square : A Kate Delafield mystery ( and other Kate Delafield books -- these are mystery novels and I believe them to contain little , if any , romantic / erotic content other than the fact that the main character is a lesbian ) :
http://www.amazon.com/Liberty-Square-Kate-Delafield-Mystery/dp/0425176754/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239568187&sr=1-8
Clare London : " The Gold Warrior " " Twisted Brand " " Sparks Fly "
Gay romance AND / OR gay erotica .
They all contain explicit m/ m sex scenes , but of course there 's no way of identifying that for certain from the blurb .
All have lost their sales rankings in BOTH dot COM and CO UK .
- Author / title : Taboo Treats , Liz Andrews editor - Level of explicitness / genre VERY explicit BDSM Halloween erotica - GLTB content ?
Yes , at least 2 of the 6 stories - Censored on which amazon website Amazon US - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
- Author / title Flipped Fables , S A Clements editor - Level of explicitness / genre Explicit m/m anthology - GLTB content ?
yes , m/m - Censored on which amazon website US - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
Flipped Fables
- Author / title Angelia Sparrow , " Pushing the Boundaries of Reality " Kindle edition - Level of explicitness / genre erotic cyberpunk - GLTB content ?
no - Censored on which amazon website US , does show up in Kindle Store searches - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
Pushing the Boundaries of Reality
- Author / title Angelia Sparrow & Naomi Brooks , " Color of Magic / Color of Money " ( kindle ) - Level of explicitness / genre fantasy erotica - GLTB content ?
yes , m/m - Censored on which amazon website US - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
- Author / title Toybox : Sounds , edited M.Rode ( kindle ) - Level of explicitness / genre erotica - GLTB content ?
yes , m/m - Censored on which amazon website US - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
- Author / title Angelia Sparrow & Naomi Brooks , " Collared Hearts " - Level of explicitness / genre BDSM erotica - GLTB content ?
yes -
Censored on which amazon website US - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
John Cleland
sexually explicit , mostly het sex .
usually classified as classic , at least one lesbian encounter
Censored on amazon.com , amazon.co.uk , amazon.ca
http://www.amazon.com/Fanny-Hill-Pleasure-Wordsworth-Wadsworth/dp/1840224177/ref=pd_cp_b_1?pf_rd_p=413864201&pf_rd_s=center-41&pf_rd_t=201&pf_rd_i=1604596163&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=1CKX37PZ9T7XQ5YP7PEX
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Fanny-Hill-Pleasure-Wordsworth-Classics/dp/1840224177/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566020&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.ca/Penguin-Classics-Fanny-Memoirs-Pleasure/dp/0140432493/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566030&sr=1-1 "
LAWRENCE SCHIMEL reports that all of his books have been stripped of their sales rankings .
Author MICHAEL D. SNEDIKER reports the same .
Emma Holly , Fairyville
It 's got straight and gay erotic romance , plus m/m / f menage
http://www.amazon.com/Fairyville-Berkley-Sensation-Emma-Holly/dp/0425224767/
There 's a budget version of it that still shows up in searches , but not the ' real ' version .
Laura Baumbach : A Bit of Rough , Out There in the Night , Details of the Hunt , Hostage , Blood Desires , Scared Stiff , Blood Claim , MEXICAN HEAT , The Lost Temple of Karttikeya , The Ties That Bind , Roughhousing , A Bite Before Christmas
Steamy , GLBT , Censored on amazon.com
All MLR
Press books are de-ranked , too .
Young Adult
Alex Sanchez Rainbow Boys ( YA )
http://www.amazon.com/Rainbow-Boys-Alex-Sanchez/dp/0689857705/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239550221&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rainbow-Boys-Alex-Sanchez/dp/0689857705/ref=pd_si
m_b_2
( Sales rank removed )
Alex Sanchez , Rainbow Road ( YA )
http://www.amazon.com/Rainbow-Road-Alex-Sanchez/dp/141691191X/ref=pd_sim_b_1_img
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rainbow-Road-Alex-Sanchez/dp/141691191X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556298&sr=1-1
( Sales rank removed )
Rainbow High ( YA )
http://www.amazon.com/Rainbow-High-Alex-Sanchez/dp/0689854781/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239550483&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rainbow-High-Alex-Sanchez/dp/0689854781/ref=pd_sim_b_1
( Sales rank removed )
( None of Alex Sanchez 's other books have lost their rankings though they all contain m /m content )
Mark Probst The Filly
&s=books&qid=1239547211&sr=8-1 ( amazon.ca )
( Sales rank removed )
None of the [ YA ] f/f books I checked had their rankings removed - this includes books by Julie Peters , Ellen Wittlinger and Nancy Garden , among others .
Neither have David Levithan 's or Brett Hartinger 's or any of the other m/m novels I checked .
Most of the novels I checked are mainstream teen fiction , that were well reviewed in library journals , as that is what I 'm most familiar with .
Marion Dane Bauer Am I Blue
http://www.amazon.com/Am-I-Blue-Coming-Silence/dp/0064405877/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556580&sr=1-1>
Anthology by YA authors about ' growing up gay or lesbian , or with gay or lesbian parents or friends ' , has an age recommendation of 9 - 12 and has no ranking .
http://i154.photobucket.com/albums/s249/riversbend/amiblue.jpg
Non-Fiction
The Advocate College Guide for LGBT Students
http://www.amazon.com/Advocate-College-Guide-LGBT-Students/dp/155583857X/
No protagonist , but intended for LGBT college - bound students .
Have n't read , but I expect is non-explicit .
( Sales rank removed )
Robert Adrich Who 's Who in Gay and Lesbian History ( amazon.ca )
( Sales rank removed )
Dr. Nathaniel Frank Unfriendly Fire : How the Gay Ban Undermines the Military and Weakens America has also been pulled from the rankings .
A book on military policy - not exactly racy stuff .
http://www.amazon.com/Unfriendly-Fire-Undermines-Military-Weakens/dp/0312373481/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554070&sr=1-1
Louis - Georges Tin ( Editor ) , Marek Redburn ( Translator ) : The Dictionary of Homophobia : A Global History of Gay & Lesbian Experience ( Paperback )
( Amazon.ca )
( Sales rank removed )
Different Loving ( D/s ) , Threesomes ( swinging ) , and Anapol 's Polyamory are all lacking a rank .
The third book is about as bland as bland can get , although the first is admittedly " spicy " ( or , at least , frank ) .
However , lasciviously titled books like Become a Total Man Magnet : Make Every Man Fall in Love with You Instantly - Make Him Chase You Down Desperately and Beg for Attention and The Manual : A True Bad Boy Explains How Men Think , Date , and Mate -- and What Women Can Do to Come Out on Top have rankings .
BDSM nonfiction
SM 101 has no ranking :
http://www.amazon.com/101-Realistic-Introduction-Jay-Wiseman/dp/0963976389/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556468&sr=1-1
The New Bottoming Book - no ranking :
9&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=0BD587CY97NNHM9DFDQP
The Loving Dominant - no ranking
http://www.amazon.com/Loving-Dominant-John-Warren/dp/1890159727/ref=pd_sim_b_3
Three in Love ( historic examples of menage a trois , not a how - to ) - no ranking :
http://www.amazon.com/Three-Love-Menages-Ancient-Modern/dp/0595008070/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556612&sr=1-1
Leslie Feinberg Transgender Warriors
Non-fiction .
No erotic content .
Leslie Feinberg Trans Liberation : Beyond Pink or Blue
Non-fiction .
No erotic content unless you find impassioned arguments for socialised medicine arousing .
Kate Bornstein My Gender Workbook
Non-fiction .
Definitely not erotica , but does mention sometimes that there is such a thing as sex .
The Dictionary of Homophobia
http://www.amazon.co.uk/DICTIONARY-HOMOPHOBIA-History-Lesbian-Experience/dp/1551522292/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556548&sr=1-2
Challenging Homophobia : Teaching About Sexual Diversity
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Challenging-Homophobia-Teaching-Sexual-Diversity/dp/1858564131/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239556548&sr=1-1
Who 's Who in Gay and Lesbian History
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Whos-Who-Lesbian-History-Mid-Twentieth/dp/0415159830/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239558561&sr=1-1
Strangers : Homosexuality in the Nineteenth Century
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Strangers-Homosexuality-Nineteenth-Graham-Robb/dp/0330482246/ref=pd_sim_b_2
Sex , Love and Homophobia : Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Lives
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Sex-Love-Homophobia-Bisexual-Transgender/dp/1873328575/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239558893&sr=1-4
Rictor Norton , Mother Clap 's Molly House : The Gay Subculture in England 1700 - 1830
Prof. B.R. Burg , Sodomy and the Pirate Tradition : English Sea Rovers in the Seventeenth - Century Caribbean
Prof. B.R. Burg , Boys at Sea : Sodomy , Indecency , and Courts Martial in Nelson 's Navy
Hans Turley , Rum , Sodomy and the Lash : Piracy , Sexuality and Masculine Identity
Vito Russo , Celluloid Closet
http://www.amazon.com/Celluloid-Closet-Homosexuality-Movies/dp/0060961325/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239560084&sr=1-1
The DVD still comes up fine , incidentally .
Randy Shilts / The Mayor of Castro Street : The Life and Times of Harvey Milk Biography
-- paperback , no ranking
Randy Shilts / Conduct Unbecoming : Gays and Lesbians in the U.S. Military
-- paperback , no ranking
Randy Shilts is also the author of " And The Band Played On " -- still does have its sales ranking .
Travel guides e.g. :
http://www.amazon.com/Damron-Womens-Traveller/dp/0929435672/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559742&sr=1-1
Carol Queen , Lawrence Schimel , Kate Bornstein , Pomosexuals : challenging assumptions about gender and sexuality
http://www.amazon.com/PoMoSexuals-Challenging-Assumptions-Gender-Sexuality/dp/1573440744/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239562607&sr=1-1
Sales Rank Stripped by Amazon.com
William N. Eskridge Jr. , Gaylaw : Challenging the Apartheid of the Closet
important nonfiction book about American law and gay rights , no adult content anywhere
http://www.amazon.com/Gaylaw-Challenging-William-Eskridge-Jr/dp/0674008049/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239562681&sr=1-1
Paul Ruditis , Queer as Folks
( Behind the scenes book on QaF US )
http://www.amazon.com/Queer-as-Folk-Paul-Ruditis/dp/0743476360/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239565633&sr=1-1
Cache at google , from April 4th :
http://209.85.229.132/search?q=cache:osiXoaWLy3cJ:www.amazon.com/Queer-as-Folk-Paul-Ruditis/dp/0743476360queer+as+folk+the+book&cd=6&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=uk
Bruce Bagemhil , Biological Exuberance
( seminal text on sexuality in animals )
http://www.amazon.com/Biological-Exuberance-Homosexuality-Diversity-Stonewall/dp/031225377X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239568033&sr=1-1
Psy.D. Paul Joannides , The Guide to Getting It On , 6th Edition
Self - Help , Guide book , textbook GLTB mentioned positively , mainly heterofocused
censored on Amazon.com
http://www.amazon.com/Guide-Getting-Psy-D-Paul-Joannides/dp/1885535333/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239565932&sr=1-1
Epistemology of the Closet by Eve Kosofsky Hedgwick
http://www.amazon.com/Epistemology-Closet-Eve-Kosofsky-Sedgwick/dp/0520254066/
In a Queer Time and Place : Transgender Bodies , Subcultural Lives ( Sexual Cultures ) by Judith Halberstam
http://www.amazon.com/Queer-Time-Place-Transgender-Subcultural/dp/0814735851/
Queer Theory : An Introduction by Annamarie Jagose
http://www.amazon.com/Queer-Theory-Introduction-Annamarie-Jagose/dp/0814742343/
The Trouble with Normal : Sex , Politics , and the Ethics of Queer Life by Michael Warner
http://www.amazon.com/Trouble-Normal-Politics-Ethics-Queer/dp/0674004418/
No Future : Queer Theory and the Death Drive ( Series Q ) by Lee Edelman
http://www.amazon.com/No-Future-Queer-Theory-Death/dp/0822333694/
Gay TV and Straight America by Ron Becker
http://www.amazon.com/Gay-Straight-America-Ron-Becker/dp/0813536898/
The Prime Time Closet : A History of Gays and Lesbians on TV by Stephen Tropiano
http://www.amazon.com/Prime-Time-Closet-History-Lesbians/dp/1557835578/
Up From Invisibility : Lesbians , Gay Men , and the Media in America by Larry Gross ( yeah , ironic , I know )
http://www.amazon.com/Up-Invisibility-Lesbians-Media-America/dp/0231119534/
Alternate Channels : The Uncensored Story of Gay and Lesbian Images on Radio and Television , 1930s to the Present by Steven Capsuto
http://www.amazon.com/Alternate-Channels-Uncensored-Lesbian-Television/dp/0345412435/
All the Rage : The Story of Gay Visibility in America by Suzanna Danuta Walters
http://www.amazon.com/All-Rage-Story-Visibility-America/dp/0226872327/
Queer Cinema , the Film Reader by Harry Benshoff
http://www.amazon.com/Queer-Cinema-Reader-Focus-Routledge-Readers/dp/0415319870/
True Selves - written for therapists / social workers
http://www.amazon.com/True-Selves-Understanding-Transsexualism-Professionals/dp/0787967025/ref=pd_sim_b_3
Transgender History .. is a history book
http://www.amazon.com/Transgender-History-Studies-Susan-Stryker/dp/158005224X/ref=pd_sim_b_4
Nobody Passes - an anthology about passing , including racial / gender / class passing ...
http://www.amazon.com/Nobody-Passes-Rejecting-Gender-Conformity/dp/1580051847/ref=pd_sim_b_7
Becoming a Visible Man - memoir by activist Jamison Green :
http://www.amazon.com/Becoming-Visible-Man-Jamison-Green/dp/082651457X/ref=pd_sim_b_8
The Transgender Studies Reader : transgender theory :
http://www.amazon.com/Transgender-Reader-Susan-Stryker/dp/041594709X/ref=pd_sim_b_9
Transgender Rights - social justice , dicrimination issues , legislation .
So not erotic :
http://www.amazon.com/Transgender-Rights-Paisley-Currah/dp/0816643121/ref=pd_sim_b_11
Same - Sex Marriage : The Legal and Psychological Evolution in America WesleyanUPr ) by Cantor , Cantor , et al , has been deranked
Biographies
John Barrowman Anything Goes , Biography
Paperback Edition has a ranking ttp://www.amazon.co.uk/Anything-Goes-Autobiography-John-Barrowman/dp/1843173336/ref=pd_sim_m_h__3
But the hardcover edition does n't :
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Anything-Goes-John-Barrowman-Carole/dp/1843172895/ref=ed_oe_h
They also seem to have stripped the title search result with another book co-written by Krandal Krauss , < ahref=http://www.amazon.com/its-never-about-what-learned/dp/1555835716/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&s=books&qid=1239553025&sr=1-1#reader>It's Never About What It 's About . </a>
This book is a memoir on coping with life and death in the wake of the AIDS virus .
It is a reflection on spirituality , * not* an adult work .
Kate Bornstein Gender Outlaw
Autobiography .
Not erotica at all .
V. G. Lee , Diary of a Provincial Lesbian
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Diary-Provincial-Lesbian-V-G-Lee/dp/0906500869/ref=sr_1_59?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559689&sr=1-59
Joan Nestle , Riki Wilchins , Clare Howell , eds. , GenderQueer : Voices from Beyond the Sexual Binary
Non-fiction , personal biographies and essays ,
I do n't recall much sexual content .
http://www.amazon.com/GenderQueer-Voices-Beyond-Sexual-Binary/dp/1555837301/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239561631&sr=1-1 "
Mattilda a.k.a. Matthew Bernstein Sycamore ( ed. ) , Nobody Passes : Rejecting the Rules of Gender and Conformity ( Paperback )
Non-fiction , personal biographies and essays .
Do n't remember much sexual content .
http://www.amazon.com/Nobody-Passes-Rejecting-Gender-Conformity/dp/1580051847/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239561631&sr=1-2 "
Aaron Raz Link and Hilda Raz , What Becomes You
Non-fiction , autobiography .
Little sexual content .
http://www.amazon.com/What-Becomes-You-American-Lives/dp0803216424ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239561812&sr=1-1
Jamison Green , Becoming a Visible Man
Classic FTM memoir
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Becoming-Visible-Man-Jamison-Green/dp/082651457X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239561497&sr=1-1
Not only has no sales rank , but an exact title search and a search for the author , Jamison Green , gave no first page hits
Censored on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk .
Interestingly , the search suggestions are still there !
Neil McKenna , The Secret Life Of Oscar Wilde
Critically acclaimed biography
http://www.amazon.com/Secret-Life-Oscar-Wilde/dp/0465044395/ref=sr_1_9?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239562149&sr=1-9
Deranked by Amazon.com
John Amaechi , Man in the Middle
Autobiography of a gay former NBA player .
http://www.amazon.com/Man-Middle-John-Amaechi/dp/1933060190/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239564553&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.com/Man-Middle-John-Amaechi/dp/1933060190/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239564553&sr=1-1
Sales ranks removed
Milk : A Pictorial History of Harvey Milk
Biography of the gay right activist
sim_b_3
Stripped of rank at amazon.com
Dan Savage , The Kid : What Happened After My Boyfriend and I Decided to Go Get Pregnant
No rank listed , yet it has 126 reviews
http://www.amazon.com/Kid-Happened-Boyfriend-Decided-Pregnant/dp/0452281768
Stephen Fry : Moab is my Washpot
Memoir by British national treasure Stephen Fry
http://www.amazon.com/Moab-My-Washpot-Stephen-Fry/dp/1569472025/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239563712&sr=1-1
Deranked on Amazon.com
Carol Leigh , Unrepentant Whore : Collected Work of Scarlot Harlot
Primarily political , only three or so very mildly explicit scenes Sex Worker Rights political memoir , contains information about legal issues , police abuse and political organizing including much GLBT content .
Amazon Ranking removed .
http://www.amazon.com/Unrepentant-Whore-Collected-Scarlot-Harlot/dp/0867195843
Frederique Delacoste , Priscilla Alexander ( eds ) , Sex Work : Writings by Women in the Sex Industry
Primarily political and memoirs focusing in rights an working conditions of sex workers .
http://www.amazon.com/Sex-Work-Writings-Women-Industry/dp/1573440426
Ranking removed
( Other sex worker books seem to be affected as well )
Self - Help
Velvet Rage - self - help book for gay men
( Amazon.com )
The Church & The Homosexual
http://www.amazon.com/Church-Homosexual-John-J-McNeill/dp/0807079316/ref=
sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554146&sr=1-1
Taking a Chance on God : Liberating Theology for Gays , Lesbians , and Their
Lovers , Families , and Friends
http://www.amazon.com/Taking-Chance-God-Liberating-Theology/dp/0807079456/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554196&sr=1-4
Freedom , Glorious , Freedom
http://www.amazon.com/Freedom-Glorious-Spiritual-Fullness-EverybodyElse/dp/0807079375/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554196&sr=1-5
Gay America
http://www.amazon.com/Gay-America-Struggle-Linas-Alsenas/dp/0810994879/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554245&sr=1-2
When Your Spouse Comes Out
http://www.amazon.com/When-Your-Spouse-Comes-Out/dp/0789036290/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554351&sr=1-5
My Husband is Gay
http://www.amazon.com/My-Husband-Gay-Womans-Survival/dp/1580910890/ref=pd_sim_b_1
Outing Yourself
http://www.amazon.com/Outing-Yourself-Lesbian-Friends-Coworkers/dp/0684826178/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554398&sr=1-1
The Way Out
http://www.amazon.com/Way-Out-Freedom-Matter-Closeted/dp/0757303927/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554398&sr=1-2
" Heather Has Two Mommies " has no sales rank .
( adult ? O rly ? )
Christopher Isherwood's
Amazon has removed the rankings of all lesbian pregnancy / parenting guides :
- Rachel Pepper The Ultimate Guide to Pregnancy for Lesbians : How to Stay Sane and Care for Yourself from Pre-conception through Birth , 2nd Edition ( Paperback )
- Stephanie Brill The New Essential Guide to Lesbian Conception , Pregnancy , and Birth
- Harlyn Aizley ( Editor ) Confessions of the Other Mother : Non-Biological Lesbian Moms Tell All
- Andrea Askowitz My Miserable Lonely Lesbian Pregnancy
Kate Bornstein Hello Cruel World : 101 Alternatives to Suicide for Teens , Freaks and Other Outlaws
THIS IS A SUICIDE PREVENTION MANUAL FOR TEENAGERS .
IT IS NOT EROTICA , IT'S ABOUT SAVING KIDS ' LIVES .
The Ultimate Guide to Pregnancy for Lesbians
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Ultimate-Guide-Pregnancy-Lesbians-Pre-Conception/dp/157344216X/ref=sr_1_25?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559468&sr=1-25
The Lesbian Parenting Book : A Guide to Creating Families and Raising Children
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lesbian-Parenting-Book-Creating-Families/dp/1580050905/ref=sr_1_29?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559468&sr=1-29
Lesbian and Gay Psychology
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lesbian-Gay-Psychology-New-Perspectives/dp/1405102225/ref=sr_1_40?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239559586&sr=1-40
Miriam Kaufmann
The Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability : For All of Us Who Live with Disabilities , Chronic Pain , and Illness
http://www.amazon.com/Ultimate-Guide-Sex-Disability-Disabilities/dp/1573443042/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239551237&sr=1-6
Amazon.com - ranking lost
Jessica Valenti & Jaclyn Friedman , Yes Means Yes : Visions of Female Sexual Power and A World Without Rape
Feminist book about issues of consent and fighting rape , has also been de-ranked
http://www.amazon.com/Yes-Means-Visions-Female-Without/dp/B001TL7C00/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239561038&sr=8-2
The Kindle version is OK . )
Also not listed , although He's a Stud , She 's a Slut ... and The Purity Myth by Valenti are still okay .
Heather Corinna , S.E.X. : The All - You - Need - To - Know Progressive Sexuality Guide to Get You Through High School and College "
Guide to sexuality aimed at ages 16 - 22 .
And horrors , it 's GLBT - friendly , witten by the founder of Scarleteen.com , a celebrated sex - ed site for young people .
http://www.amazon.com/S-E-X-All-You-Need-Know-Progressive-Sexuality/dp/1600940102/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8s=books&qid=1239564840&sr=1-1
Deranked by amazon.com
Ruth Bell , Changing Bodies , Changing Lives : Expanded Third Edition : A Book for Teens on Sex and Relationships
Toni Weschler , Cycle Savvy : The Smart Teen 's Guide to the Mysteries of Her Body
Jessica Valenti , Full Frontal Feminism : A Young Woman 's Guide to Why Feminism Matters
Susie Bright , Full Exposure : Opening Up to Sexual Creativity and Erotic Expression
Audacia Ray , Naked on the Internet : Hookups , Downloads , and Cashing in on Internet Sexploration
Cathy Winks , The Good Vibrations Guide to Sex : The Most Complete Sex Manual Ever Written
Felice Newman , The Whole Lesbian Sex Book : A Passionate Guide for All of Us
Nonfiction sex guides Blow Him and Going down there ( oral sex guides ) have removed rankings but The Complete Idiots Guide to Amazing Sex still has rankings .
Helen Boyd , My Husband Betty She 's Not the Man I Married
The Whole Lesbian Sex Book
http://www.amazon.com/Whole-Lesbian-Sex-Book-Passionate/dp/1573440884/ref=ed_oe_p
Tom Shakespeare et al's " The Sexual Politics of Disability "
( sociology text book )
Uncategorized
http://www.amazon.com/Zami-Spelling-Crossing-Press-Feminist/dp/0895941228
http://www.amazon.de/Zami-Spelling-Crossing-Press-Feminist/dp/0895941228
( Sales rank removed )
http://www.amazon.com/Gender-Outlaw-Men-Women-Rest/dp/0679757015
http://www.amazon.de/Gender-Outlaw-Men-Women-Rest/dp/0679757015
( Sales rank removed )
http://www.amazon.com/Shes-Not-There-Life-Genders/dp/0767914295
http://www.amazon.de/Shes-Not-There-Life-Genders/dp/0767914295
( Sales rank removed )
http://www.amazon.com/Conundrum-York-Review-Books-Classics/dp/1590171896
( Sales rank removed )
Apparently even autobiographies about being trans constitute " adult material " .
Jules Jones - proof there was a LGTB bestseller list ( dated blog post with screen shot )
Lesléa Newman , Out of the Closet and Nothing To Wear
Erotic content limited to some puns on the word " pussy " .
Erin McHugh , the whole " The Portable Queer " series
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss_b?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=The+Portable+Queer&x=0&y=0
Katherine V. Forrest - all books had their ranking removed .
Amazon.de has indiscriminately ( hah ! ) removed the rankings from any and all books listed as glbt in English Books ( and only in English books ; the German ones are still displayed with their rankings ) .
Funnily enough , of the three different ( English ) editions of Michael Chabon 's The Mysteries of Pittsburgh , only one is categorised as glbt ; subsequently , the other two are still listed with their rankings while the " gay " one has been filtered .
Further , Amazon .de claims this is a technical glitch .
http://www.amazon.com/Getting-Bi-Voices-Bisexuals-Around/dp/096538814X/ref=sid_dp_dp
http://www.amazon.com/Dual-Attraction-Understanding-Martin-Weinberg/dp/0195098412/ref=pd_sim_b_1
http://www.amazon.com/Bi-America-Struggles-Invisible-Community/dp/1560234792/ref=pd_sim_b_3
http://www.amazon.com/Look-Both-Ways-Bisexual-Politics/dp/0374531080/ref=pd_sim_b_4
http://www.amazon.com/Transgender-History-Studies-Susan-Stryker/dp/158005224X/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-2
http://www.amazon.com/Transgender-Child-Handbook-Families-Professionals/dp/1573443182/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-3
http://www.amazon.com/Natural-History-Homosexuality-Francis-Mondimore/dp/0801854407
http://www.amazon.com/Dude-Youre-Fag-Masculinity-Sexuality/dp/0520252306/ref=pd_sim_b_2
http://www.amazon.com/Imagining-Transgender-Ethnography-David-Valentine/dp/0822338696/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-5
http://www.amazon.com/True-Selves-Understanding-Transsexualism-Professionals/dp/0787967025/ref=sr_1_10?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-10
http://www.amazon.com/Shes-Not-Man-Married-Transgender/dp/1580051936/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-7
http://www.amazon.com/Testosterone-Files-Hormonal-Social-Transformation/dp/1580051731/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-8
http://www.amazon.com/Inside-Out-Radical-Gender-Transformation/dp/0916397963/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239566461&sr=1-11
http://www.amazon.com/Natural-History-Homosexuality-Francis-Mondimore/dp/0801854407
" Ranks for every shonen ai ( GLBT ) manga I tried are gone too . "
Regarding amazon.co.jp : " Tried searching for a dozen or so books from the above list of various types , and in almost every case , the search page had the cover image replaced with a graphic indicating it was an adult item .
If you click through you can see the actual cover art , but there is a note that it is an adult work .
On the Japanese language version of the page , it says that adult materials will not be sold to anyone under 18 .
In both English and Japanese it says that the item cannot be shipped outside Japan . "
A search for Kushiel 's Scion reveals that the version published by Warner is an adult item .
http://www.amazon.co.jp/Kushiels-Scion-Legacy-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/044661002X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=english-books&qid=1239569007&sr=1-1
The version published by Orbit is not .
http://www.amazon.co.jp/Kushiels-Scion-Treasons-Jacqueline-Carey/dp/1841493619/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=english-books&qid=1239569007&sr=1-2
If you want to protest to Amazon direct , this is their email : connect-help@amazon.com
Other ways to get in touch with them :
Or write to their CEO :
Jeffrey Bezos .
( total annual compensation $ 81 k - irrelevant but interesting ) .
1200 12th Avenue South
Seattle
Washington 98144-2734
United States
Phone : 206-266-1000
Fax : 206-622-2405
Another list is here :
http://jezebel.com/5209088/why-is-amazon-removing-the-sales-rankings-from-gay-lesbian-books
Craig Seymor had this going on for months :
http://craigspoplife.blogspot.com/2009/04/is-amazon-homophobic.html
Please sign the petition :
http://www.thepetitionsite.com/1/in-protest-at-amazons-new-adult-policy
THIS LIST IS NO LONGER BEING MANUALLY UPDATED - PLEASE CHECK THE COMMENTS FOR OTHER BOOKS THAT ARE AFFECTED AND LEAVE COMMENTS WITH BOOKS THAT ARE BEING DISCRIMINATED AGAINST !
THANK YOU !
Hi guys , following this : I 've been asked for more information and am collecting the books / authors that are affected - Author / title - Level of explicitness / genre - GLTB content ?-
Censored on which amazon website - Link ( maybe even a screencap ) ?
Out of a Top 100 Gay Novels List on Elisa Rolle 's LJ almost all the books are " purged " , including authors such as Jamie O'Neill , Edmund White , Andre Aciman .
Link : http://elisa-rolle.livejournal.com/593110.html
James Baldwin , Annie ProulxStripped of sales rank on amazon.com , but not on amazon.
caJeanette Winterson'sRadclyffe Hall 'sNone of which can be called " erotica " by any stretch of the imagination . ( the only " sex scene " inconsists in its entirety of the words " And that night they were not divided . " )
Alex Beecroft : , m / m historical romance , just broken through and ranking in top 10 historical novels -- i.e. non-romance , non - gay -- and then it suddenly disappeared entirely from the rankings .
The novel is NOT erotica , contains only one non-explicit sex scene , but the central premise features two male characters falling in love .
The Kindle version of False Colors has a sales rank but has had the ' an m /m romance ' taken off its name !
Censored on Amazon.comAlex Beecroft , Captain 's Surrenderheat level mild ; about one page of sex scenes all told in a book 196 pages longCensored on Amazon.
com
The Kindle version of Captain 's Surrender has no sales rank either .
http://www.amazon.com/Captains-Surrender/dp/B00140IURU
Erastes - similar case to , screen cap here : http://erastes.livejournal.com/371921.html ErastesErastesErastes ( on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk ) Storm Grant - Gym DandyLevel of explicitness / genre : a RomCom with a heat level of 2 out of 5. GLTB content ? : boy meets boyCensored on which amazon website : .com , .uk , and .ca*Proof of sales rank : http://pics.livejournal.com/storm_grant/pic/0002ydd8/
Leslie FeinbergSales rank removedRita Mae BrownSales rank removedSarah Watersnow has no sales rank in one of its editions ... pd_sim_b_2
It still does in another edition :
The only difference seems to be that this one does n't have the word " lesbian " anywhere in its " Look for similar items by subject " .
E M Forster - http://www.amazon.com/Maurice-Novel-E-M-Forster/dp/0393310329/ref=sr_1_1 ?
ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239550630&sr=1-1(Amazon.com - " Heat level " - neglegible ) ( Sales rank removed ) Charlie Cochrane : Lessons in Love ( no sex in the book ) ( Sales rank removed ) Christopher Isherwood 's A Single ManGay protagonist .
I do n't recall any explicit sex .
( Sales rank removed ) Edmund White 's The Beautiful Room Is EmptyHave n't read , however , it 's certainly critically acclaimed ( as is A Single Man ) ( Sales rank removed ) Edmund White 'sBoth of the Edmund White novels do contain explicit sex scenes , but they 're far from not " erotica " , and they 're acclaimed as literary classics .
( Sales rank removed ) Andrew Holleran 's Dancer From The DanceGay protagonist .
Non-explicit , though much is implied .
Harold Robbins is steamier and retains his sales rank .
( Sales rank removed ) JL Langley 's Tin Star ( Amazon.ca ) ( Sales rank removed ) James Buchanan : The Good Thief , Twice the Cowboy , Twice the Ride , Cheating Chance ( Only his print editions have had their sales rank stripped ) Amazon.comScreencap for Good
Thief here : http://www.james-buchanan.com/GT.pdf
More proof : http://www.james-buchanan.com/amazonfail.pdf
R W DayIris Press edition - has a ranking , Kindle version of the Lethe edition has a ranking .
The print version of the Lethe edition does not ( http://www.amazon.com/Strong-Sudden-Thaw-R-Day/dp/1590210638/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239551741&sr=1-1
When you search by title from the Amazon home page , the Lethe print edition does n't even make the first page of results .
In fact , the first hit is a book by another author with the same name as me , and the second is Ginn Hale 's , which still has a ranking , btw .
Anne Brooke - Maloney 's Law -
Gay crime fiction - 2 sex scenes , one brief . - GLTB content - Yes - Censored on which amazon website - amazon.us and amazon.ukAmazon UK link - http://www.amazon.co.uk/Maloneys-Law-Anne-Brooke/dp/1933720484/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1216456533&sr=8-1
Amazon US link - http://www.amazon.com/Maloneys-Law-Anne-Brooke/dp/1933720484/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1215868106&sr=8-1
Both have had their ranking stripped .
It 's also very hard now to search directly for the book as you can't do just any combination of author / title into the search field .
It has to be title OR author and not both .
That 's a change from last week ... Krandall KrausCannot be searched by on Amazon directly by title http://www.amazon.com/s/qid=1239552371/ref=sr_gnr_aps?ie=UTF8&search-alias=aps&field-keywords=loves%20last%20chance
Could be googled and got this link http://www.amazon.com/Loves-Last-Chance-Mystery-Mysteries/dp/1555835058
> the amazon listing .
You can not even search for things by title .
Jane Davitt ( m / m romance ) No sales ranks anymore ( same author , doesLJ post about sales rank : http://janedavitt.livejournal.com1065639.html
Shayla KerstenErotic romance ( Ellora 's Cave ) , GLTB contentCensored on Amazon.comVarious authorsWomen 's erotica ( some same sex encounters but mostly het ) Censored on Amazon.comJackson , Chase , KerstenEerotic romance ( Kensington Aphrodisia ) No GLTB contentCensored on Amazon.comAccording to the authors on the Kensington Aphrodisia group , all of the Aphro stories have had ranking removed .
Aphro novels are erotic romance and some have GLBT content .
Mary RenaultTamara Allen" Sweet romance " - all the sex is behind closed doors , apart from a kiss or two and some cuddling .
It features two men falling in love .
Censored on all amazon websites
The Kindle version has never had a sales rank , as far as the author knows .
The print version lost its sales rank on Friday morning .
George Bennett FainNo sales rank .
Description contains the phrase " homosexual tones " .
Whereas hir other book , This Darkest Hour , still has a sales rank , even though it 's full of smut .
Description contains the phrase " sexy gay novella " .
But it 's out of print , so that might have anything to do with it .
Lee Rowan , all books in the print editions , Kindle versions seem to be there , but the Kindle editions are not in author 's profile ( affects Ransom , Winds of Change , Eye of the Storm , Sail Away , Walking Wounded , Speak Its Name ) .
They are all m/ m romance , heat level 3 - 3.5 on a scale of 5 Censored on Amazon.
com
It also affects self - published authors : MarquesateExplicit , military gay erotica , m/ mCensored on amazon.co.uk and amazon.com
It has become impossible to find the book when searching generally .
Search box now has to be set on " books " Jenna Jones , , andm / m romance http://www.amazon.com/Something-Beautiful-Jenna-Jones/dp/1603704116 /ref=tag_dpp_lp_edpp_img_inHad ranks strippedAngela Fiddler - Explicit m/m GLBT content , Kindle version still onlineIsabel MillerHistorical novel .
Erotic content limited to the words " Where 's my wet ?
Where 's my melt ?
" Fae Sutherland & Marguerite Labbe , Explicit GLBTCensored on Amazon.comFae Sutherland & Marguerite LabbeExplicit GLBTCensored on Amazon.comJulia SeranoNon- fiction - about trans women and femininity .
Not very explicit at all .
Some description ( for example , frank talk of anatomy ) , but overall , pretty tame .
Censored on Amazon.comJacqueline Carey 'sseries , first trilogy has sales ranks ( Kushiel 's Dart , Kushiel 's Chosen , Kushiel 's Avatar ) but not the second trilogy ( Kushiel 's Scion , Kushiel 's Justice , Kushiel 's Mercy ) , mass - market paperback editions .
Mild side of explicit , definitely BDSM , maybe occasional GLBT pairings but mostly het .
Censored on Amazon.comLinks ( first three just for reference ) : Gerri Hill , The Rainbow CedarGeorgia Beers , Too Close to TouchE .
Lynn Harris , " I Say A Little Prayer " Romance , on par with any other romance novel ( Nora Roberts , etc. )
Gay and straight relationships
http://www.amazon.com/I-Say-Little-Prayer-Novel/dp/0385512724/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpi_4
-- hardcover , no ranking http://www.amazon.com/Say-Little-Prayer-Lynn-Harris/dp/1400077281/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpi_12 -- paperback , no rankingKindle Edition still ranked .
E. Lynn Harris , " Not A Day Goes By " Romance , on par with any other romance novel ( Nora Roberts , etc. )
Gay and straight relationships
http://www.amazon.com/Not-Day-Goes-Lynn-Harris/dp/1400075785/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpi_10 -- paperback , no ranking Hardcover , Kindle , and Large print still rankedE .
Lynn Harris , " Not A Day Goes By " Romance , on par with any other romance novel ( Nora Roberts , etc. )
Gay and straight relationships
http://www.amazon.com/Any-Way-Wind-Blows-Novel/dp/0385721188/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpi_9 -- paperback , no ranking http://www.amazon.com/Any-Wind-Blows-Lynn-Harris/dp/0385495056/ref=ed_oe_h -- hardcover , no ranking http://www.amazon.com/Any-Wind-Blows-Lynn-Harris/dp/078625792X/ref=ed_oe_h
-- large print , no ranking ( but also out of print ) Kindle edition still has a ranking .
This is particularly awful because E. Lynn Harris is an author with a special Amazon " store " Quentin Crisp - most works seems to have befallen the same fate : Censored on Amazon.comPatricia Nell Warren , The Front RunnerGay romance granddaddy of them all , published in 1974Its sales ranks are stripped by AmazonVarious , I Do : an anthology in support of marriage equality Varying heat levels , some erotica .
A charity anthology in support of the Lambda Legal Fund .
Perihan Magden , Two GirlsNot explicit at all - a tragic story about two teenage girls falling in love , although I do n't recall the word ' lesbian ' ever even being mentioned outright .
Censored at amazon.com , amazon.co.uk , amazon.de ( the English edition ; the German edition still has its sales rank ) Marion Zimmer Bradly , The Catch TrapA bare handful of not very explicit sex scenes in over almost 700 pages .
What might be more of a problem is that one of the protagonists is rather young when the relationship starts .
- gay relationhsip , gay rights issues .
Censored at amazon.com , amazon.co.uk .
On amazon.de the sales rank has been removed for the English edition in http://www.amazon.de/Catch-Trap-Marion-Zimmer-Bradley/dp/0345315642
one instance , and left for two other editions , as well as the German one . ) - http://www.amazon.com/Catch-Trap-Marion-Zimmer-Bradley/dp/0345315642
A.J. Mirag , ClippingsExplicit GLBTCensored on Amazon.comPatricia Highsmith's
The Price of SaltClassic lesbian novelChris Bridges , Giggling Into the PillowCollection of funny erotica , all or mostly het , very explicitUS Amazon deranked itInterestingly , the hardcover edition is still ranked : Kiernan Kelly , Riding Heartbreak RoadKiernan Kelly , In Bear CountryKiernan Kelly , Seti's HeartKiernan Kelly , In Bear Country II : The Barbary CoastKiernan Kelly , In Their Own Skins : Shifting SandsAll deranked by amazon.comAnn Rice , Sleeping Beauty seriesThe Story of OBest Lesbian Erotica books series .
Jay Lygon , Chaos Magic , Love RunesGLBT eroticaThird book in the trilogy , Personal Demons , still has a ranking .
Michael Thomas Ford 's booksSteve Berman , Vintage ( YA novel ) Berman ( a YA novel ) Catherine Lundoff ( ed ) , Haunted Hearths and Sapphic Shades ( lesbian ghost stories ) ALL of the books from the GLBT publisher Torquere Press have been deranked !
Some examples : Eden BradleyContemporary erotica and erotic romance ( No GLBT content ) Censored on amazon US , UK ( ca n't even get search results under my name ) , Canada , GermanyTITLES : The Dark Garden The Darker Side of Pleasure Exotica : Seven Days of Kama Sutra , Nine Days of Arabian Nights Hot Nights , Dark Desires ( erotic romance anthology ) Exclusive ( erotic romance anthology ) Surrender : Tales of Submission ( erotica anthology ) Forbidden Fruit Naughty Bits ( erotica anthology ) A 21st Century Courtesan Beyond Desire ( erotica anthology ) Mary Renault , The Friendly Young Ladiescensored at amazon.comLauren Dane , Taking Care of Business : Deranked at Amazon.com )
Patti O'Shea ,
In Twilight 's ShadowParanormal Romance / one consummated love scene at the end of the book , no GLTB contentCensored on amazon.comSteve Kluger , Almost Like Being in LoveStory about two high school boys who fall in love and then drift apart during college .
No adult content .
Dan SavagePregnant Boyfriend : Censored on Amazon.com/ca/co.ukCassidy
Ryan , Sleeping with the PastCensored on Amazon.com and .co.ukA search for Richard Stevenson , author of the Don Strachey mysteries , gives you only the Kindle versions of his books and one of the movies :
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss_gw?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=richard+stevenson&x=0&y=0
Alexander Chee , EDINBURGH ( sales rankign removed ; interestingly , it still shows up in " all departments " search results ) .
Justin Chin , BURDEN OF ASHES ( sales ranking removed , but does not show up in " all department " searches ) .
Justin Chin , HARMLESS MEDICINEKatherine V Forrest , Curious Wine( arguably one of the most famous lesbian novels ) : Katherine V Forrest , Daughters of a Coral Dawn ( and also its two sequels ) : Rank removed on amazon.co.uk and amazon.deKatherine V Forrest ,
All in the Seasoning ( Ranking removed ) Liberty Square : A Kate Delafield mystery ( and other Kate Delafield books -- these are mystery novels and I believe them to contain little , if any , romantic / erotic content other than the fact that the main character is a lesbian ) : Clare London : " The Gold Warrior " " Twisted Brand " " Sparks Fly " Gay romance AND / OR gay erotica .
They all contain explicit m/ m sex scenes , but of course there 's no way of identifying that for certain from the blurb .
All have lost their sales rankings in BOTH dot COM and CO UK .
Taboo Treats , Liz Andrews editorVERY explicit BDSM
Halloween eroticaYes , at least 2 of the 6 stories Amazon US Taboo Treats does not show in an All Departments searchFlipped Fables , S A Clements editorExplicit m/m anthologyyes , m/mUSAngelia Sparrow , " Pushing the Boundaries of Reality " Kindle editionerotic cyberpunknoUS , does show up in Kindle Store searches Angelia Sparrow & Naomi Brooks , " Color of Magic / Color of Money " ( kindle ) fantasy eroticayes , m/mUS Color of Magic / Color of Money shows up in the Kindle store but not in All DepartmentsToybox : Sounds , edited M. Rode ( kindle ) eroticayes , m/mUS Sounds shows in a Books and Kindle search , but not a general one .
Toyboxes for Oil , Rope and Collars are also missing on the generalAngelia Sparrow & Naomi Brooks , " Collared Hearts " BDSM eroticayesUS
Collared Hearts has problems with its listing and is not showing up on All Department searches , although it shows on Kindle Store and BooksJohn Clelandsexually explicit , mostly het sex .
usually classified as , at least one lesbian encounterCensored on amazon.com , amazon.co.uk , amazon.caLAWRENCE
SCHIMEL reports that all of his books have been stripped of their sales rankings .
Author MICHAEL D. SNEDIKER reports the same .
Emma Holly , Fairyville
It 's got straight and gay erotic romance , plus m/m/ f menageThere 's a budget version of it that still shows up in searches , but not the ' real ' version .
Laura Baumbach : A Bit of Rough , Out There in the Night , Details of the Hunt , Hostage , Blood Desires , Scared Stiff , Blood Claim , MEXICAN HEAT , The Lost Temple of Karttikeya , The Ties That Bind , Roughhousing , A Bite Before ChristmasSteamy , GLBT , Censored on amazon.comAll MLR
Press books are de-ranked , too .
Alex Sanchez Rainbow Boys ( YA )m_b_2 ( Sales rank removed ) Alex Sanchez , Rainbow Road ( YA ) ( Sales rank removed ) Rainbow High ( YA ) ( Sales rank removed ) ( None of Alex Sanchez 's other books have lost their rankings though they all contain m /m content ) Mark Probst http://www.amazon.ca/Filly-Mark-R-Probst/dp/0979777305/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 &s=books&qid=1239547211&sr=8-1 ( amazon.ca ) ( Sales rank removed ) None of the [ YA ] f/f books I checked had their rankings removed - this includes books by Julie Peters , Ellen Wittlinger and Nancy Garden , among others .
Neither have David Levithan 's or Brett Hartinger 's or any of the other m/m novels I checked .
Most of the novels I checked are mainstream teen fiction , that were well reviewed in library journals , as that is what I 'm most familiar with .
Marion Dane BauerAnthology by YA authors about ' growing up gay or lesbian , or with gay or lesbian parents or friends ' , has an age recommendation of 9 - 12 and has no ranking .
The Advocate College Guide for LGBT StudentsNo protagonist , but intended for LGBT college - bound students .
Have n't read , but I expect is non-explicit .
( Sales rank removed ) Robert Adrich Who 's Who in Gay and Lesbian History ( amazon.ca ) ( Sales rank removed ) Dr. Nathaniel Frankhas also been pulled from the rankings .
A book on - not exactly racy stuff .
Louis - Georges Tin ( Editor ) , Marek Redburn ( Translator ) : The Dictionary of Homophobia : A Global History of Gay & Lesbian Experience ( Paperback ) ( Amazon.ca ) ( Sales rank removed ) ( D/s ) , ( swinging ) , and Anapol ' sare all lacking a rank .
The third book is about as bland as bland can get , although the first is admittedly " spicy " ( or , at least , frank ) .
However , lasciviously titled books likeandhave rankings .
BDSM nonfictionSM 101 has no ranking : The New Bottoming Book - no ranking : http://www.amazon.com/New-Bottoming-Book-Janet-Hardy/dp/1890159352/ref=pd_cp_b_3?pf_rd_p=413864201&pf_rd_s=center-41&pf_rd_t=201&pf_rd_i=096397638 9&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=0BD587CY97NNHM9DFDQPThe
Loving Dominant - no ranking
Three in Love ( historic examples of menage a trois , not a how - to ) - no ranking : Leslie FeinbergNon-fiction .
No erotic content .
Leslie FeinbergNon-fiction .
No erotic content unless you find impassioned arguments for socialised medicine arousing .
Kate BornsteinNon-fiction .
Definitely not erotica , but does mention sometimes that there is such a thing as sex .
The Dictionary of HomophobiaChallenging Homophobia : Teaching About Sexual DiversityWho's Who in Gay and Lesbian HistoryStrangers : Homosexuality in the Nineteenth CenturySex , Love and Homophobia : Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender LivesRictor Norton , Mother Clap 's Molly House : The Gay Subculture in England 1700 - 1830 Prof.
B.R. Burg , Sodomy and the Pirate Tradition : English Sea Rovers in the Seventeenth - Century CaribbeanProf. B.R. Burg , Boys at Sea : Sodomy , Indecency , and Courts Martial in Nelson 's NavyHans Turley , Rum , Sodomy and the Lash : Piracy , Sexuality and Masculine IdentityVito Russo , The DVD still comes up fine , incidentally .
Randy Shilts / The Mayor of Castro Street : The Life and Times of Harvey Milk Biography http://www.amazon.com/Mayor-Castro-Street-Times-Harvey/dp/0312560850/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239560212&sr=1-1 -- paperback , no rankingRandy Shilts / Conduct Unbecoming : Gays and Lesbians in the U.S. Military http://www.amazon.com/Conduct-Unbecoming-Gays-Lesbians-Military/dp/0312342640/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239560212&sr=1-4 -- paperback , no rankingRandy Shilts is also the author of " And The Band Played On " -- still does have its sales ranking .
Travel guides e.g.: Carol Queen , Lawrence Schimel , Kate Bornstein , Pomosexuals : challenging assumptions about gender and sexuality Sales Rank Stripped by Amazon.comWilliam N. Eskridge Jr. , Gaylaw : Challenging the Apartheid of the Closetimportant nonfiction book about American law and gay rights , no adult content anywherePaul Ruditis , Queer as Folks ( Behind the scenes book on QaF US ) Cache at google , from April 4th : Bruce Bagemhil , Biological Exuberance ( seminal text on sexuality in animals ) Psy.D. Paul Joannides , The Guide to Getting It On , 6th EditionSelf - Help , Guide book , textbook GLTB mentioned positively , mainly heterofocusedcensored on Amazon.comEpistemology of the Closet by Eve Kosofsky HedgwickIn a Queer Time and Place : Transgender Bodies , Subcultural Lives ( Sexual Cultures ) by Judith HalberstamQueer Theory : An Introduction by Annamarie JagoseThe Trouble with Normal : Sex , Politics , and the Ethics of Queer Life by Michael WarnerNo Future : Queer Theory and the Death Drive ( Series Q ) by Lee EdelmanGay TV and Straight America by Ron BeckerThe Prime Time Closet : A History of Gays and Lesbians on TV by Stephen TropianoUp From Invisibility : Lesbians , Gay Men , and the Media in America by Larry Gross ( yeah , ironic , I know ) Alternate Channels : The Uncensored Story of Gay and Lesbian Images on Radio and Television , 1930s to the Present by Steven CapsutoAll the Rage : The Story of Gay Visibility in America by Suzanna Danuta WaltersQueer Cinema , the Film Reader by Harry BenshoffTrue Selves - written for therapists / social workers Transgender History .. is a history bookNobody Passes - an anthology about passing , including racial / gender / class passing ... Becoming a Visible Man - memoir by activist Jamison Green : The Transgender Studies Reader : transgender theory : Transgender Rights - social justice , dicrimination issues , legislation .
So not erotic : Same - Sex Marriage : The Legal and Psychological Evolution in America WesleyanUPr ) by Cantor , Cantor , et al , has been deranked John Barrowman , Biography Paperback Edition has a ranking ttp://www.amazon.co.uk/Anything-Goes-Autobiography-John-Barrowman/dp/1843173336/ref=pd_sim_m_h__3But the hardcover edition does n't :
They also seem to have stripped the title search result with another book co-written by Krandal Krauss , It 's Never About What It 's About .
This book is a memoir on coping with life and death in the wake of the AIDS virus .
It is a reflection on spirituality , * not* an adult work .
Kate BornsteinAutobiography .
Not erotica at all .V. G. Lee , Diary of a Provincial LesbianJoan Nestle , Riki Wilchins , Clare Howell , eds. , GenderQueer : Voices from Beyond the Sexual BinaryNon-fiction , personal biographies and essays , I do n't recall much sexual content .
Mattilda a.k.a.
Matthew Bernstein Sycamore ( ed. ) , Nobody Passes : Rejecting the Rules of Gender and Conformity ( Paperback ) Non-fiction , personal biographies and essays .
Do n't remember much sexual content .
Aaron Raz Link and Hilda Raz , What Becomes YouNon-fiction , autobiography .
Little sexual content .
Jamison Green , Classic FTM memoirNot only has no sales rank , but an exact title search and a search for the author , Jamison Green , gave no first page hitsCensored on Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk .
Interestingly , the search suggestions are still there !
Neil McKenna , The Secret Life Of Oscar WildeCritically acclaimed biography Deranked by Amazon.comJohn Amaechi , Man in the MiddleAutobiography of a gay former NBA player .
Sales ranks removedMilk : A Pictorial History of Harvey MilkBiography of the gay right activist http://www.amazon.com/Milk-Pictorial-History-Harvey/dp/1557048282/ref=pd_
sim_b_3 Stripped of rank at amazon.comDan Savage , The Kid : What Happened After My Boyfriend and I Decided to Go Get PregnantNo rank listed , yet it has 126 reviewsStephen Fry : Moab is my WashpotMemoir by British national treasure Stephen FryDeranked on Amazon.comCarol Leigh , Unrepentant Whore : Collected Work of Scarlot HarlotPrimarily political , only three or so very mildly explicit scenes Sex Worker Rights political memoir , contains information about legal issues , police abuse and political organizing including much GLBT content .
Amazon Ranking removed .
Frederique Delacoste , Priscilla Alexander ( eds ) , Sex Work : Writings by Women in the Sex Industry Primarily political and memoirs focusing in rights an working conditions of sex workers .
Ranking removed ( Other sex worker books seem to be affected as well ) Velvet Rage - self - help book for gay men
http://www.amazon.com/Velvet-Rage-Overcoming-Growing-Straight/dp/0738210617/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239553616&sr=1-1 ( Amazon.com ) The Church & The Homosexualsr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239554146&sr=1-1
Taking a Chance on God : Liberating Theology for Gays , Lesbians , and TheirLovers , Families , and FriendsFreedom , Glorious , FreedomGay AmericaWhen Your Spouse Comes OutMy Husband is GayOuting Yourself The Way Out" Heather Has Two Mommies " has no sales rank .
http://www.amazon.com/Heather-Has-Two-Mommies-Anniversary/dp/1555835430/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=books&qid=1239555808&sr=1-1 ( adult ? O rly ? ) Christopher Isherwood 's Christopher and His Kind and Kate Bornstein's My Gender Workbook and Hello Cruel World are all missing their ranks as well .
Amazon has removed the rankings of all lesbian pregnancy / parenting guides : - Rachel Pepper - Stephanie Brill - Harlyn Aizley ( Editor ) - Andrea AskowitzKate BornsteinTHIS IS A SUICIDE PREVENTION MANUAL FOR TEENAGERS .
IT IS NOT EROTICA , IT'S ABOUT SAVING KIDS ' LIVES .
The Ultimate Guide to Pregnancy for LesbiansThe Lesbian Parenting Book : A Guide to Creating Families and Raising ChildrenLesbian and Gay PsychologyMiriam KaufmannThe Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability : For All of Us Who Live with Disabilities , Chronic Pain , and IllnessAmazon.com - ranking lostJessica Valenti & Jaclyn Friedman , Yes Means Yes : Visions of Female Sexual Power and A World Without RapeFeminist book about issues of consent and fighting rape , has also been de-ranked The Kindle version is OK . )
Also not listed , although He's a Stud , She 's a Slut ... and The Purity Myth by Valenti are still okay .
Heather Corinna , S.E.X. : The All - You - Need - To - Know Progressive Sexuality Guide to Get You Through High School and College " Guide to sexuality aimed at ages 16 - 22 .
And horrors , it 's GLBT - friendly , witten by the founder of Scarleteen.com , a celebrated sex - ed site for young people .
Deranked by amazon.comRuth Bell , Changing Bodies , Changing Lives : Expanded Third Edition : A Book for Teens on Sex and RelationshipsToni Weschler , Cycle Savvy : The Smart Teen 's Guide to the Mysteries of Her BodyJessica Valenti , Full Frontal Feminism : A Young Woman 's Guide to Why Feminism MattersSusie Bright , Full Exposure : Opening Up to Sexual Creativity and Erotic ExpressionAudacia Ray , Naked on the Internet : Hookups , Downloads , and Cashing in on Internet SexplorationCathy Winks , The Good Vibrations Guide to Sex : The Most Complete Sex Manual Ever WrittenFelice Newman , The Whole Lesbian Sex Book : A Passionate Guide for All of UsNonfiction sex guides Blow Him and Going down there ( oral sex guides ) have removed rankings but The Complete Idiots Guide to Amazing Sex still has rankings .
Helen Boyd , My Husband Betty She 's
Not the Man I MarriedThe Whole Lesbian Sex BookTom Shakespeare et al's " The Sexual Politics of Disability " ( sociology text book ) ( Sales rank removed ) ( Sales rank removed ) ( Sales rank removed ) ( Sales rank removed ) Apparently even autobiographies about being trans constitute " adult material " .
Jules Jones - proof there was a LGTB bestseller list ( dated blog post with screen shot )
http://julesjones.livejournal.com/209349.html
( both UK and US sites ) Lesléa Newman , Erotic content limited to some puns on the word " pussy " .
Erin McHugh , the whole " The Portable Queer " series Katherine V. Forrest - all books had their ranking removed .
Amazon.de has indiscriminately ( hah ! ) removed the rankings from any and all books listed as glbt in English Books ( andin English books ; the German ones are still displayed with their rankings ) .
Funnily enough , of the three different ( English ) editions of Michael Chabon 's The Mysteries of Pittsburgh , only one is categorised as glbt ; subsequently , the other two are still listed with their rankings while the " gay " one has been filtered .
Further , Amazon .de claims this is a technical glitch .
" Ranks for every shonen ai ( GLBT ) manga I tried are gone too .
" Regarding : " Tried searching for a dozen or so books from the above list of various types , and in almost every case , the search page had the cover image replaced with a graphic indicating it was an adult item .
If you click through you can see the actual cover art , but there is a note that it is an adult work .
On the Japanese language version of the page , it says that adult materials will not be sold to anyone under 18 .
In both English and Japanese it says that the item cannot be shipped outside Japan .
" A search for Kushiel 's Scion reveals that the version published by Warner is an adult item .
The version published by Orbit is not .
If you want to protest to Amazon direct , this is their email : connect-help@amazon.com
Other ways to get in touch with them : http://clicheideas.com/amazon.htm
Or write to their CEO : Jeffrey Bezos .
( total annual compensation $ 81 k - irrelevant but interesting ) .
1200 12th Avenue SouthSeattleWashington 98144-2734 United StatesPhone : 206-266-1000
Fax : 206-622-2405
Another list is here : Craig Seymor had this going on for months :
Please sign the petition : Tags : amazon , censorship , filters
An uber - primitive plant pathogen made from naked strands of genetic material mutates faster than any other known organism — and it might just illuminate the origins of life .
Called hammerhead viroids , their mutation rates are orders of magnitude more rapid than those of viruses , the next - most - primitive organisms , which are orders of magnitude more rapid than lowly bacteria .
In less academic terms , the hammerhead viroid blueprint of life is being constantly redrawn .
Such accelerated mutation could have been useful four billion years ago , after a few quirky chemicals assembled into ribonucleic acid , or RNA — DNA 's single - stranded forerunner .
At the time , hypothesize scientists , the pinnacle of life was the RNA replicon : a chunk of ribonucleic acid that did n't copy itself by making proteins , as DNA does , but instead pulled them from the primordial ooze .
Whether hammerhead viroids are descended from replicons is n't known .
But in a study published Thursday in Science , University of Valencia plant biologists led by Rafael Sanjuan say the viroids at least resemble that long - lost link in the evolutionary chian .
Their traits could explain how RNA learned to make proteins — the next critical step towards self - assembling DNA and the complex life that flowed from it .
And no other hammerhead viroid trait is more remarkable than its mutation rate .
" It 's extremely high , " said Irene Chen , a Harvard University systems biologist who studies the evolution of molecules .
Chen was not involved in the study .
" It 's right at the Eigen error threshold " — the mutation rate at which replication becomes intrinsically self - destructive because every copy is so error - ridden .
Sanjuan 's team used an ingenious trick to quantify the viroids ' mutation rate : they measured their death rate .
Hammerhead viroids rely on a 15 - molecule structure called the ribozyme to finalize copies of themselves .
If a transcription error affects certain parts of the ribozyme , further replication is impossible .
By counting non-replicating viroids in each generation , the researchers calculated that replication produces roughly one mutation for every 400 pieces of RNA .
Such rates produce plenty of haywire copies , a dilemma solved by evolution in two ways : viroids are small , and endowed with prodigious powers of replication .
Their tiny genome means viroids inherit one mistake at a time .
And they make so many copies of themselves that it does n't matter when some are nonviable .
Others will succeed — and perhaps improve on the original .
" Error correction mechanisms that reduced mutation rates and allowed replicons to increase their size " probably came next , said Sanjuan .
Chen called an improved ribozyme the " smoking gun " of RNA world evolution .
Tantalizingly , she said , it appears that ribosomes — cellular components that assemble simple amino acids into complicated chains — " are just ribozymes , fancily decorated by proteins . "
The replicons ' updated ribozymes , then , may have led to protein - making RNA , which in turn gave rise to DNA , the ultra - efficient biological information carrier that made it possible for complex life to evolve .
But where did replicons come from ?
Hammerhead viroids can't tell us — but replicons may well be the product of non-biological evolution .
" Evolutionary dynamics are a universal principle .
They can operate with whatever is at hand , " said Harvard University evolutionary biologist Martin Nowak after an earlier study on the original formation of RNA .
All that 's needed , he said , " is some chemical system that produces all sorts of chemicals , and some have the property of forming strings . "
Citation : " Extremely High Mutation Rate of a Hammerhead Viroid . "
By Selma Gago , Santiago F. Elena , Ricardo Flores , Rafael Sanjuán .
Science , Vol. 323 Iss. 5919 , March 5 , 2009 .
Images : WikiMedia Commons / Science
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Yamaha Motor Corp. USA suspended sales of its Rhino off - road vehicles Tuesday and launched a repair program after the Consumer Product Safety Commission determined that they had been involved in more than 50 accidents resulting in 46 deaths and hundreds of injuries .
About 145,000
Rhinos have been sold since the two - seat “ side - by - side ” vehicle , which looks like a small dune buggy , was introduced in 2003 .
Yamaha will make free repairs on Rhino 450 , 660 and 700 models that will make them safer and less prone to rolling over , the commission said in a statement released in cooperation with Cypress - based Yamaha , the U.S. arm of the Japanese manufacturer .
The commission ’s acting chairwoman , Nancy Nord , said she became so concerned about the number of deaths and injuries associated with the Rhino vehicles that “ I directed staff to step up their investigative efforts . ”
Nord characterized the recall as “ a critical step toward increasing family safety . ”
Among the repairs , Yamaha will be removing the Rhino ’s rear anti-sway bars and installing spacers on the rear wheels and half doors on door - less models , said Van Holmes , a Yamaha spokesman .
Advertisement
The CPSC is advising Rhino owners to stop using them until they have been repaired , Holmes said .
Yamaha is n’t scrapping the popular line , however ; Rhino vehicles will return to showrooms after repairs have been made , he said .
The recall and repair program is a victory for those who ’ve lost family or friends in Rhino accidents , said Heidi Crow , whose 9 - year - old son , Jeremy Todd , known as J.T. , died in a Rhino rollover accident June 22 , 2007 .
Crow and her husband , Jeremy , along with other families who have been affected by Rhino accidents , have spread the word through a website ( www.jtcrow.net) and lobbied the commission to get Yamaha to make the repairs .
“ This is the first time that I ’ve felt like all the work and everything that we ’ve been doing over the last 21 months has paid off , ” said Crow , who lives in Winsborough , Texas .
“ There ’s been a lot of lives lost that could have been prevented , but the changes are being made , so I ’m happy . ”
Advertisement
The two - passenger Rhino has a built - in roll cage , but a narrow wheelbase and an anti-sway bar that can lift the rear tires off the ground during slow turns have caused many accidents , Crow said .
J.T. was wearing a seat belt when the Rhino he was riding in flipped over , launching him from the vehicle before it rolled on top of him , she said .
“ These repairs address the Rhino ’s design defects , ” Crow said .
“ If we make it wider , then we make it more stable and we make it safer and we save people ’s lives , and that ’s what this is all about . ”
More than two - thirds of the reported accidents were rollovers , many involving turns at low speeds and on level terrain , the commission statement said .
Advertisement
--
nathan.olivarezgiles@latimes.com
At a time when the Obama administration is seeking to repair the image of the United States around the world , an estimated 20 nations are ready to accept Peace Corps workers .
But the agency can't afford to start new programs in all of them .
And despite the Peace Corps ' still potent image as a symbol of American idealism , reformers say the organization must make fundamental changes to meet modern diplomatic and technological needs .
There is also , they say , a reluctance to consider broader foreign policy goals when deciding where to send volunteers .
It is a stance that many say undermines the Corps ' mission :
An organization dedicated to demonstrating America 's commitment to understanding other cultures operates in only two Arab countries , Jordan and Morocco .
On a strategic level , reformers say , the Peace Corps needs to rethink where it sends volunteers .
The organization is adamantly apolitical , and volunteers do not want to be used for short - term foreign policy objectives .
But many officials said the Peace Corps is missing an opportunity to improve relations in critical regions , while keeping volunteers in areas where such people - to - people diplomacy is no longer needed .
Byron Battle , the country director in Mexico and former director in Mali , wishes the Peace Corps would expand to India , Turkey , Egypt , Tunisia , Indonesia and - when it 's deemed safe - to Pakistan .
Other officials would add Vietnam and Brazil to the list .
Mark Schneider , who directed the Peace Corps during the last two years of the Clinton administration , hopes volunteers will be sent back to Haiti , where security worries forced the suspension of the Peace Corps there in 2005 .
" You 've got to make sure that the places they 're living and working make sense , " Schneider said .
Meanwhile , others wonder why the Peace Corps is still in Caribbean vacation spots , or in Romania and Bulgaria - both of which are now in the European Union , and could look closer to home for developmental help .
The Peace Corps sends English teachers to China , but Strauss believes that China - which owns a great deal of US debt - should be able to pay for the teachers , many of whom work at universities .
" I am a firm believer in Peace Corps , but I am not a firm believer that Peace Corps needs to be in every one of the places it is , or that it's an effective use of this very limited amount of money , " Strauss said in an interview from Madagascar , where he now is a business consultant .
Read more .
My conservative estimate is that today 3,000 to 4,000 people braved 90 degree weather to march from Steele Indian School Park to the Sandra Day O'Connor Federal Courthouse in downtown Phoenix to protest Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's immigration abuses .
Led by Rage Against the Machine frontman Zack de la Rocha , as well Phoenix civil rights activist Salvador Reza , and Maricopa County Supervisor Mary Rose Wilcox , protesters demanded an end to the federal 287 ( g ) program , and specifically an end to the terror Arpaio 's 160 - man 287 ( g ) force has instilled in immigrant communities in Maricopa County .
The eclectic and ethnically - diverse crowd waved signs reading " We Are Human , " " Reform Not Raids , " and " Joe Arpaio : Terrorist . "
Supervisor Wilcox and husband Earl joined hundreds in donning striped T - shirts with the word " UNSENTENCED " emblazoned across them , a reference to the images from Joe 's recent , infamous " 200 Mexican March , " where the inmates wore such shirts , indicating that they had yet to be tried for their alleged offenses .
Banners compared Arpaio to a criminally insane dictator , and to , more simply , a clown .
A crew of anarchists waved black flags .
And , inexplicably , a jumbo , papier - mache - headed Donald Rumsfeld marched beneath a tasseled , anti- Arpaio umbrella .
Before the marchers , Native American dancers led by Tonatierra 's Tupac Acosta waved incense to bless the procession .
Demonstrators chanted " Si , se puede , " " No justice , no peace , " and " Ain't no power like the power of the people , and the power of the people wo n't stop . "
The march continued to grow as it snaked down Central Aveenue Initially , organizers had planned to stop at DHS / ICE offices , and then later at Cesar Chavez Plaza .
But so many people kept joining the procession during its 3.7 mile trek that the event 's leaders decided to keep going on to their stopping place : the Sandra Day O'Connor Federal building .
There , protesters packed themselves onto the plaza , and listened to remarks from Supervisor Wilcox , Puente 's Salvador Reza , Derechos Humanos firebrand Isabel Garcia , Somos America 's Hector Yturralde , Respect / Respeto's Lydia Guzman , and of course , RATM's Zack de la Rocha , who ripped the bark off Maricopa County 's corrupt top constable .
" By parading human beings shackled in chain gang stripes , " said De la Rocha , " in a misguided effort to collectively humiliate and to terrorize an entire population , he reopened the wounds from which we all still suffer , by invoking the painful memories of slavery and segregation ... by doing so , he has not only brought shame upon the state of Arizona , but is bringing shame upon the entire nation . "
De la Rocha also saved some spank for Arizona 's ex-governor .
" If Janet Napolitano seeks to perform her mission as head of the so - called Homeland Security Department , " admonished De la Rocha , " she must realize the dangerous threshold that the 287 ( g ) agreements have crossed .
She must deal directly and quickly with the real threat to peace and security here in Arizona , by terminating the 287( g ) agreement with Sheriff Arpaio 's office and joining the courageous members of congress who have begun an investigation into his criminal behavior . "
It felt as if De la Rocha spoke for all of us in that plaza .
After all , other than Wilcox , no other elected official had the huevos to appear before that crowd and denounce Arpaio 's ill - deeds .
Sometimes it takes an artist to forge the path our civic leaders fear to tread .
As I took the light rail back to the park , where I 'd left my vehicle , I remembered how De la Rocha had -- the night before at Tonatierra -- described the cathartic effect of resistance and defiance .
Never in this city have I felt such a sense of kinship with its inhabitants .
Sure , there had been a small group of nativist nimrods toward the end of the parade route , but no more than a 150 or so .
Their numbers are dwindling , and they get older every time I see them :
The same twisted faces filled with prejudice .
The same pathetic collection of losers , blaming their life - failures on others , and finding fault with an entire ethnicity .
My favorite memory of today 's event is of two ladies who looked like they might be Hispanic soccer moms wearing T - shirts that read " Fuck Arpaio , " with a line crossing out Sheriff Joe 's mug .
After spotting this evidence of boldness and irreverence from everyday folks , I really began to think to myself , " Si , se puede ... "
( Bravo to the National Day Laborer Organizing Network for a very successful , peaceful march , without one arrest .
And for bringing Zack De la Rocha to town . )
Two soldiers were killed in a 30 - minute encounter early Sunday between an Army unit and 50 “ lawless ” members of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) allegedly under “ rogue ” 105th base commander Ameril Umbra Kato in Datu Piang town in Maguindanao province .
Col. Jonathan Ponce , Army ’s 6th Infantry Division public information officer , identified the two soldiers as Private First Class Rocky Castillo and Pfc. Arnel Ramos .
The Army division reportedly launched simultaneous attacks in the towns of Datu Piang and Kabuntalan in Maguindanao and in Midsayap town in North Cotabato following reports that Kato was sighted in the area .
Ponce called it a law enforcement operation .
This was reportedly the first major operation launched by the Army ’s 6th “ Kampilan ” Division under its new commanding general , Maj. Gen. Alfredo Cayton .
Government has put up a P10 million bounty each for Kato and Abdullah Macapaar alias Bravo another alleged lawless MILF commander .
Both have been blamed for launching attacks against civilian communities after the government aborted the signing of the proposed Memorandum of Agreement on Ancestral Domain with the MILF .
LONDON 
The newspaper vendor who died after being struck by a police officer during the Group of 20 summit meeting earlier this month was killed by abdominal bleeding and not by a heart attack , according to an independent autopsy whose conclusions were released Friday .
This flatly contradicts earlier assertions by the police , who maintained that the newspaper vendor , Ian Tomlinson , died of a heart attack .
It also opens the door for possible manslaughter charges against the officer who attacked Mr. Tomlinson , pushing him and striking him from behind with a baton , shortly before he collapsed .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission , which is investigating the incident , said that because of the new autopsy , the officer in question had been “ interviewed under caution for the offense of manslaughter . ”
That means that the officer , whose name has not been released , has been formally interrogated but not charged with a crime .
Mr. Tomlinson died April 1 in London ’s financial district during protests against the Group of 20 meetings .
He was trying to walk home from work and was not part of the protests .
22 Photoshop Videos To Turn You Into An Expert
March 16th , 2009
March 16th , 2009 Photoshop
22 Photoshop videos to turn you into an expert , a great selection of video tutorials which will teach you the ends and outs of Photoshop .
You will also learn a range of different techniques to expand your knowledge within adobe Photoshop , if you ’re a beginner or already an expert there ’s the perfect video for you to learn from .
How to Quickly Create a Stylish Retro Text Effect in Photoshop from godonholiday on Vimeo .
Design a Rocket - Powered Retrofuturistic Digital Illustration from godonholiday on Vimeo .
Create an iPhone in Photoshop from Howard Pinsky on Vimeo .
Photoshop Photo Manipulation Tutorial from Chris Gonzalez on Vimeo .
Basic DVD cover art tutorial from ThrowgnCpr on Vimeo .
How to Create an Ice- cold Poster with 3D Text in Photoshop from godonholiday on Vimeo .
Photoshop Tutorial : Pop Art from photoshoptalent on Vimeo .
Watercolour / Ink Blot Effect from godonholiday on Vimeo .
Photoshop : Web 2.0 Icons from Howard Pinsky on Vimeo .
editing in photoshop from Sarah on Vimeo .
Combining body parts with Photoshop from Garcya on Vimeo .
Mystical Moonlight Effect Photoshop Tutorial from Ren Zhang on Vimeo .
Digital Smoke in Photoshop from godonholiday on Vimeo .
Creating a Color Vortex in Photoshop from Andrew Gormley on Vimeo .
Summer Time Landscape from Tutorial Pear on Vimeo .
Mixtape Text Effects from ICEmultimedia on Vimeo .
Tutorial : Lens maken from Studio Sanne on Vimeo .
Actions to Awesome Abstract Artworks from Ren Zhang on Vimeo .
Photoshop : Creating 3D
Text from Howard Pinsky on Vimeo .
Rocking Silhouette in Photoshop from godonholiday on Vimeo .
How to Create a Fantasy Photo Manipulation from godonholiday on Vimeo .
Grungy Poster in Photoshop from godonholiday on Vimeo .
In the Red Faction : Guerrilla demo that is now available for every 360 and PS3 owner — even if you did n't preorder the game — you can take control of a massive walker and use it to simply walk through buildings .
It is , very simply , glorious .
For a while , the demo was only available to preorder customers ( because who does n't want to put down money on a game to see if they 'd like it ) but now the demo is available to everyone , free and clear .
I heavily suggest you give it a try .
The game was n't much on my radar before ; I found the original merely competent , but in the demo there is a mech , a turret section , and a small area where you can use your throwable explosives to blow up buildings , gas tanks , or people .
Yes , the ability to stick the grenades onto someone 's face and watch them run around in a panic before detonation is still there .
It 's still as good as it ever was .
Watching an enemy take cover , only to blow up that cover and then smack the baddie full on the chest with your hammer , is an experience everyone needs to go through at least once .
I wo n't bore you with other things you can do , leaving you to explore for yourself , but the destruction is wonderful , the physics feel great , and the weapons are satisfying .
This one went from " Eh , I hope to see it at E3 " to " give me more NOW " in a matter of minutes .
Go give it a download and let us know what you think , or if you preordered and this is old news , feel free to make fun of the rest of us .
Red Faction : Guerrilla will be released on June 9 for the 360 and PS3 , and August 25 on the PC .
Over-achievers and under- achievers
Here ’s an IR theory puzzle :
Why do some seemingly powerful states exert relatively little influence on world politics , while other states with more modest capabilities cast a bigger shadow than one would expect ?
Although there is no consensus on how national power should be defined or measured , most IR scholars would probably agree that there is a substantial but not perfect correlation between national power and international influence .
Indeed , one could imagine a simple regression , with “ power ” on the X - axis and “ influence ” on the Y - axis , and a diagonal line bisecting that space .
I ’d expect most states to array themselves pretty close to that line : as their power increased ( measured in terms of GDP , population , military capability , resource endowments , etc. ) one would expect to see a corresponding increase in their global influence .
But what about the outliers — either the “ overachievers ” who swing a bigger bat than one would expect or the “ underachievers ” who wield less influence than their overall capabilities might provide ?
Here ’s my personal , decidedly un-scientific top five list in each category , followed by some thoughts on what might explain why some states punch above their weight and some potentially major powers cast a comparatively small shadow .
“ OVER - ACHIEVERS ” ( in no particular order )
1. Sweden .
With a population of only 9 million , one would n’t expect Sweden to cast much of a shadow , despite its advanced industrial economy .
Yet for its size and population , Sweden has been a significant international player .
Its welfare state and other social policies have been widely - studied and a model for others , and diplomats such as Dag Hammarskjold , Folke Bernadotte , and Olof Palme were all important international voices .
Sweden still devotes a higher percentage of its GDP to foreign aid than any other country , and institutions such as the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute have amplified Sweden ’s visibility on major issues of arms control and disarmament .
Awarding the Nobel Prizes probably does n’t hurt either .
2. North Korea .
With a small population ( 22 million ) , an obsolete military machine , a bankrupt ideology , and an economy that exposes its citizens to periodic famine , one would n’t expect North Korea to get much attention at all .
Indeed , on most measures North Korea is an under - achiever ( especially when compared with its neighbor to the south ) .
But Pyongyang ’s leaders are past masters at commanding international attention , usually by threatening to do something undesirable ( and then sometimes going ahead and doing it ) .
North Korea is hardly an inspiring model for anyone , but it shows how sheer cussedness can enable a country to punch well above their weight .
3. Canada .
America ’s northern neighbor has the world ’s second largest land mass but a relatively small population ( only 32 million ) and only modest military assets .
Yet Canada has been a consistent proponent of multilateralism , ranks ninth in the world as a provider of foreign aid , and has been an enthusiastic participant in international peacekeeping missions .
Indeed , Canada has lost 117 soldiers fighting in Afghanistan , the highest per capita figure of any ISAF participant .
4. Israel .
For a country whose total population is less than that of New York City , Israel generates a lot more attention than one would expect .
To be sure , some of this reflects Israel ’s economic success ( which includes advanced hi-tech sector and a significant arms industry ) not to mention its nuclear arsenal and overall military power .
And then there ’s the occupation and the violence that it has produced over the years .
Regardless of one ’s views on that thorny subject , it ’s hard to argue that Israel does n’t exert a lot of influence on the global agenda , especially given its very modest size .
5. Singapore .
For a city - state with a population of only 4.4 million , which gained independence only in 1965 , Singapore ’s international prominence marks it as an obvious outlier , even when one allows for its advanced economy and high per capita income .
In addition to its economic achievements , Singapore has been a major force behind regional cooperation in Southeast Asia , an energetic promoter of institutions such as ASEAN , and its leaders have rarely been bashful about offering their views on major international issues .
“ UNDERACHIEVERS ” ( also in no particular order )
1. Japan .
Despite having the world ’s 2nd largest economy and the world ’s sixth largest defense budget , Japan performs a remarkably modest international role .
As Richard Samuels of MIT recently pointed out in Newsweek , Japan sent warships to help defend against tSomali pirates only after China announced it was going to do so , and it has only 38 soldiers participating in UN peacekeeping missions .
Increasingly , its leadership both at home and abroad seems paralyzed .
Moreover , with a declining and rapidly aging population , Japan seems likely to become even less influential over time , despite its economic size and considerable national wealth .
2. India .
It is the world ’s most populous democracy , the dominant state in south Asia , the home country of a sizeable and successful global diaspora , and a nuclear power .
Past Indian leaders such as Mahatma Gandhi , Jawaharlal Nehru , and Indira Gandhi were major international figures .
While far from being inconsequential , India has yet to exercise a global leadership role , or even to exert far - sighted and constructive influence over its immediate neighborhood .
Moreover , a recent article in The Hindu deplores the deteriorating state of international studies in India , at precisely the same period when a rising China is taking the study of international relations very seriously .
3. Germany .
Now reunified , with the world ’s 14th largest population and either the 3rd or fifth largest economy ( depending on whether one uses straight GDP figures or purchasing power parity estimates ) .
Germany is also the world ’s third largest exporter .
While not entirely absent on the world stage , it is hardly exercising an influence commensurate with its latent capabilities .
Even when Germany does get more actively involved ( as they have in Afghanistan ) , they operate under highly restrictive rules of engagement that substantially undercut their effectiveness .
A far cry from the Germany of Otto von Bismarck , or even the creative leadership of Konrad Adenauer and Willy Brandt .
4. Russia .
At first , I thought about putting Russia in the other category — a large but relatively weak state that managed to exert more influence than its overall capabilities might suggest .
But on reflection , I think Russia belongs here .
Despite its geographic size , oil and gas resources , and relatively well - educated work force , as well as the inherited assets of permanent Security Council membership and a large nuclear arsenal , Russia today exerts less influence on the agenda of world politics than its overall capabilities might provide .
Its political system is not a model for anyone ; its culture is not a magnet , and its leaders are either unable or unwilling to play a constructive role in addressing the major problems that confront the world today .
Instead , Moscow mostly plays a spoiler role , which is what former great power do when they cannot find a way to lead .
5. Brazil .
Yes , I ’ve read about the BRICS , and how countries like Brazil are going to reshape the global balance of power in the 21st century .
But the world ’s tenth largest economy ( and fifth largest population ) has yet to achieve an international role of similar stature .
Brazil clearly wants a more prominent international position , as exemplified by its current efforts to win a permanent seat on the UN Security Council , its extensive diplomatic presence and active participation in existing international organizations .
President Lula da Silva has very high approval ratings ( including the highest ratings in all of Latin America ) .
But so far , these ambitions and capabilities have not been translated into as much direct influence as I ’d expect .
So what explains why some states punch above their weight and others punch below it ?
This would be a great topic for a dissertation , but here are a few tentative thoughts .
First , individual leadership matters .
A leader like Charles De Gaulle , Lester Pearson , or Lee Kwan Yew can elevate a country ’s profile above its “ natural ” place , and a series of weak leaders can keep a country from reaching its true potential .
Second , history can have a long - term impact on a country ’s overall influence : Britain and France occupy somewhat enhanced roles today because they were once great powers with extensive global empires and Sweden ’s tradition of international activism may even be a legacy of its former role as a great power several centuries ago .
Third , the examples of Germany and Japan suggest that extreme misconduct in the past can suppress a state ’s willingness or ability to play a large international role for a very long time .
And in these two cases , the legacy of World War II has been reinforced by decades of Cold War free - riding .
Fourth , small states can leverage a relationship with a major power like the United States ( as both Israel and Singapore have done ) in order to maintain positions that would be harder to sustain on their own .
Lastly , relatively weak states may enhance their overall influence by occupying a specialized “ niche ” in the international environment , as neutral powers like Sweden or Switzerland have done .
I ’m sure I missed some other good examples and possible explanations , so I hope readers will contribute suggestions or critiques of their own .
Ryan Pierse / Getty Images for DAGOC
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert sits at a conference table with the Boss and three other managers .
Dogbert says , " Your stock was $ 30 per share when I offered to buy the company , but thanks to some timely leaks to the media your value has plunged . "
Dogbert continues , " However , if you sell right now I 'll pay the full $ 30 for your stock . "
The Boss says , " I recommend we do it . "
A manager hands the signed contract back to Dogbert and says , " Done . $ 30 per share is more than fair . "
Dogbert replies , " Yeah , ' per share ' would have been fair .
Anybody want a copy ? "
The Boss looks shocked .
Designers love all of those tutorials and design processes that can help them to learn more and more everyday and give them direction to design more beautiful and attractive artworks .
We know this very well and SmashingApps is all about to feature all those smashing stuffs that are free and useful for designers .
Today , we are going to list down 12 Excellent And Useful Design Process Tutorials .
We hope you all will like this collection .
You are welcome if you want to share more design process tutorials that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings atÂ smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
You may be interested in these older posts
5 Useful And Free Photo Viewers For Your Mac OS X
31 Masterpieces Of Creative And Clever Advertising Concepts
23 Magical Photographs To Believe That Are Not Photoshopped
13 Premium - Like WordPress Themes That Are Free And Stunning
21 Really Stunning Photoshopped Photos For Creative Inspiration
17 Mind-Blowing Digital Painting Tutorials Of Beautiful Girls
43 Of The Extremely Creative Wonders Of Macro Photography
27 Best Places You Should Visit To Get Incredible Web Design Inspiration !
13 Simple And Elegant Free WordPress Themes
21 Extremely Vibrant And Creative Advertisements With Animals
39 Masterpieces Of Creative Advertisements
17 Digital Image Illustration Which You Probably Never Seen Before !
15 Digital Photo Manipulation From Flickr To Get Inspiration
23 Awesome Photos That Look Like Theyâ€™re Photoshopped But Are Not
How to design a website
This is very useful and detailed process of designing a website from concieving to HTML conversion .
Dache : Logo Design Process
This case study ( written by David himself ) provides full creative brief and progress images from start to final .
Read on to find out how David got inspired by Wassily Kandinskyâ€™s art ( one of the most famous 20th - century abstract artists ) to create this fantastic logo .
Logo Design Process Tutorial
This is a comprehensive overview of logo design process and methods for all those people who are interested to learn the process of designing and developing a logo .
Step By Step Logo
This step by step exercise includes little about the typical ramp up of preliminary discussions , research , and so on .
The Logo Design Process for Ultimate Potential
This article offers insights into , not only the thought process behind creating the logo , but also the creation of the logo itself .
Design Process Of The Artwork Of WDD
In this article , you will find how Radim crafted the memorable design of Webdesigner Depot ,
Logo Design Process and Walkthrough for Vivid Ways
This is a design process and a walkthrough of how the final logo is created in Adobe Illustrator by Chris Spooner .
Design a Print- ready Ad in Adobe InDesign
This tutorial is perfect for you if you ’re familiar with Adobe Illustrator and want to get started with a layout program suited toward publication design .
Design Process of the Phoenix
This post will show you the design process of the Abstract Chinese Phoenix , one of the beautiful illustration which was presented at the FOWD 2008 conference .
Sikbox Logo Design Process
In this post , Â You will know about the ideas and the design process for the logo creation .
Label Package Design Creation Process
This is a beautiful label package design creation process from Start to Finish by Expert Graphic Designer , Lauren Peone of laurendesigns .
Design Process of WDW
This article will show you how Web Designer Wall is done , from start to finish .
If you felt that LaCie 's CurrenKey ultraportable storage solution was a bit too heavy in the yuks department , the company 's back with something that might be a little more up your proverbial alley .
With a form factor that reminds one of a late - night ad for a correspondence course in locksmithing , these miniature microSD card readers offer 20 MB / s read and 10 MB /s write speeds .
Additionally , PassKey supports microSDHC cards , and both iamaKey and itsaKey are available with either 4GB or 8 GB of built - in storage .
Sure , this guy wo n't open a cold one for you , but the shock - proof , Windows ReadyBoost - compatible device does look good on a keyring .
You know , if that 's what you 're into .
Price and availability to be announced .
[ Thanks , Dwayne ]
During a decade of easy credit and loose spending , American businesses built too many cars , houses , stores and factories .
It turns out the country built too many restaurants , too .
Now consumers are cutting back , and dining out is among the casualties .
Finer restaurant chains have been hit hard , and so have the casual sit - down places that flooded suburban shopping centers and tourist districts across the country , aimed straight at middle American tastes .
A few chains have boarded up already .
Many others are going into survival mode , trying to renegotiate their loans , cutting staff , offering bargains to customers and closing less profitable restaurants .
Analysts predict thousands more restaurants could close in the next year or two .
The pain is evident even amid the neon glitz of Times Square , which draws big crowds of tourists used to eating at places like Red Lobster and Applebee’s .
Check out Muslim Lookout for an expanded version of this post .
Be prepared for some major eye - rolling in this article from the Calgary Herald .
In it , Mahfooz Kanwar praises Canadian Immigration Minister Jason Kenney ( see here for why this is a bad idea ) , and berates Canadians that he perceives as not having “ assimilated ” enough .
I could talk about Kanwar ’s narrow definitions of “ Canadian ” identity and values , or his call for all immigrants to be unquestioningly patriotic and un-dividedly loyal to Canada , which is not a standard that most Canadian - born Canadians are ever called to adhere to .
I could talk about the way he implies that Muslim Canadians need identify themselves as Canadian Muslims instead , necessarily putting their national identity ahead of their religious one , which is a problematic expectation for a number of reasons .
And so on .
Basically , Kanwar , a Muslim originally from Pakistan , spends the article extolling the perfection of Canada ’s values and culture , and blaming all problems on those immigrants who bring foreign baggage with them into this happy utopia .
But since this is a blog that looks at Muslim women , what I do want to talk about is this part of the article :
Whoever comes to Canada must learn the limits of our system .
We do not kill our daughters or other female members of our families who refuse to wear hijab , niqab or burka which are not mandated by the Qur’an anyway .
We do not kill our daughters if they date the “ wrong ” men .
A 17 - year - old Sikh girl should not have been killed in British Columbia by her father because she was caught dating a Caucasian man .
We do not practise the dowry system in Canada , and do not kill our brides because they did not bring enough dowry .
Millions of female fetuses are aborted every year in India , and millions of female infants have been killed by their parents in India and China .
Thousands of brides in India are burned to death in their kitchens because they did not bring enough dowry into a marriage .
Some 30,000
Sikhs living abroad took the dowries but abandoned their brides in India in 2005 .
This is not accepted in Canada .
In some countries , thousands of women are murdered every year for family or religious honour .
We should not hide behind political correctness and we should expose the cultural and religious background of these heinous crimes , especially if it happens in Canada .
We should also expose those who bring their cultural baggage containing the social custom of female circumcision .
I was shocked when I learned about two cases of this barbaric custom practised in St. Catharines , Ont. a few years ago .
He ’s not only talking here about Muslims , but many of his comments refer directly or indirectly to Muslim communities .
What I find interesting is that almost all of the examples in his article of the problems that immigrants apparently bring to Canada are directly linked to gender .
More specifically , it is about what “ we ” do and do not do to “ our ” women , as in “ we ” do not kill our daughters , or our brides .
Reading this , I get the sense that this “ we ” refers not only to the “ good ” , assimilated immigrants ( and , of course , to the infallible mainstream non-immigrant Canadian population ) , but that it also refers , implicitly but rather crucially , to men .
Women are present only insofar as their bodies can be used to demonstrate their husbands ’ or fathers ’ worthiness ( or unworthiness ) as Canadians .
There are some moments where we might imagine the “ we ” to be potentially female as well , but all gender - specific references to the actors are male , and all of the people being acted upon are female .
Moreover , they are “ our ” women – still possessed by this “ us , ” and at “ our ” mercy , with little indication that they are able to act for themselves .
It is ironic that Kanwar speaks so strongly against using women ’s bodies to convey matters of honour , and yet proceeds to use women as a way to prove some kind of alternate “ good Canadian ” identity .
Even if this is done only on a rhetorical level , it still constructs women as the representations of cultural identity , symbolic of the level of Canadian - ness that the men in their lives have apparently reached .
The unharmed bodies of “ our ” women are used to support “ our ” claims to civilization , while the murdered and injured bodies of women from those “ barbaric ” communities are further used , in contrast , to demonstrate how far “ we ” have come .
In all cases , the women are still silent and passive .
In this way , Kanwar ’s strategy differs less than he might hope from the practices of those he criticises .
Although he condemns violence against women , he does so without acknowledging any agency that women may have , or the fact that a society that truly values gender equality might go beyond simply listing all the forms of violence that it does n’t commit in order to prove it ’s merit .
Instead , women in his article are only present to further his point , and to add to an alarmist and xenophobic analysis of Canadian society .
Unsere Marken Seit z.T. mehr als zwei Jahrzehnten bieten wir als autorisierter Fachhändler Software dieser Hersteller bzw .
Marken an .
Zu Fuß durch China Verwahrlosen für Fortgeschrittene
Vom Glatzkopf zum bärtigen Hippie in wenigen Sekunden : Im Zeitraffer zeigt das Video eines Münchner Studenten , wie ihn eine einjährige Wanderung durch China verändert hat .
Eigentlich wollte er zu Fuß bis nach Deutschland - aber eine plötzliche Selbsterkenntnis ließ ihn aufgeben .
Von Doris Anselm
The Green Revolution Saved Lives ?
A Poison Meme That Just Wo n’t Die
Recently , in honor of Norman Borlaug ’s 95th birthday , Ron Bailey of Reason Magazine posted a quote from his 2000 interview with Borlaug .
For those unfamiliar with him , Borlaug was the most famous pioneer of the “ Green Revolution ” seeds of the 1960s , credited with a drastic expansion in food production .
The claim that Borlaug saved a billion people from starvation is a persistent meme on the Internet .
In keeping with his rather in - your - face attitudes in favor of genetically - modified organisms and against anything organic , Bailey ’s excerpts from the interview consisted mostly of digs against organic farming .
For example , Borlaug dismissed claims on behalf of organic farming as “ ridiculous , ” adding that “ this should n’t even be a debate . ”
Now , just as an aside , whenever a spokesmen for the establishment view on any subject fails to correctly and honestly state the issue of contention , he pretty much loses all credibility with me .
Even if you do n’t have personal knowledge of the empirical data that would falsify the claims of one side or the other , if one side does n’t even frame the question correctly you can discount their opinion from the start .
For example , when a registered dietitian repeats the little gem about vitamin doses above the RDA just creating “ more expensive urine in your toilet , ” they ’re missing the whole point .
First of all , the RDA is simply the minimum dose for preventing outright deficiency - related diseases , not the ideal dose to promote optimal functioning .
Higher doses continue to provide benefits , on a diminishing return basis , in the case of Vitamin C up to a dose of several grams a day for most people .
Second , that obnoxious little bumper sticker slogan ignores the whole idea of antioxidants : each molecule of ( say ) ascorbic acid in your urine has a free radical attached to it .
Along the same lines , it ’s interesting that , in making his arguments against organic farming , Borlaug displayed an almost total lack of awareness of what the available organic techniques actually are .
For example , he claimed it was impossible to get enough nitrogen from organic material .
Existing nitrogen inputs organically , he said , “ would require an additional 5 or 6 billion head of cattle to supply the manure . ”
This would require enormous sacrifices of wild land for forage .
“ There ’s a lot of nonsense going on here . ”
Indeed there is .
Apparently Borlaug , a professor of agronomy , has never heard of green manuring with nitrogen - fixing cover crops .
You do n’t need additional land to grow the legumes — you grow them on the land you ’re fertilizing .
And they reproduce themselves — you just have to save the seed .
Once you have fertile soil , you do n’t need continuing inputs from off - site ; intensive , closed - loop recycling of crop residues and human and animal waste will maintain fertility .
Borlaug also asserted that , if all agriculture were organic , “ you would have to increase cropland area dramatically , spreading out into marginal areas and cutting down millions of acres of forests . ”
He apparently conflates the distinction between large and small agriculture with the distinction between chemical and organic .
He seems to assume that “ organic farming ” is simply the mechanized row - cropping that prevails in conventional agribusiness — but minus the synthetic fertilizers and pesticides .
But in fact , small - scale agriculture is almost universally more productive than large - scale agriculture .
The prevailing techniques used in American - style agribusiness were not introduced primarily to economize on land or maximize output per acre .
After all , in most parts of the country the largest agribusiness operations have had privileged access to large tracts of land , going back in many cases to land grants at the time of first European settlement .
For example , in California many of the largest operations were built on expropriated haciendas dating from Mexican or Spanish colonial times .
No , the prevailing techniques of American agribusiness have focuses on the substitution of capital for labor , in order to increase output per man-hour and reduce the agency problems of labor — even at the cost of reduced output per acre .
And small - scale operations , accordingly , tend to have both lower outputs per labor - hour and higher outputs per acre than large ones .
What ’s more , it ’s simply incontrovertible that the most intensive organic techniques produce far more per acre than conventional agribusiness .
For example , John Jeavons ’ raised bed technique can feed one person on a minimum of 4000 sq. ft .
That ’s one tenth of an acre .
And it ’s done , by the way , without cattle manure or additional land for foraging them .
Of course , it ’s a relatively spare diet — about 80 % legumes , cereal grains and starchy tubers , and only 20 % green vegetables and fruits — but that only demonstrates the theoretical limit .
We ’re not , in fact , limited to anything near as low as a tenth acre of arable land per capita .
And where there are genuine constraints on access to land , they ’re generally political : e.g. , the more than half of arable land enclosed in Latin American haciendas and latifundia that are held out of development , while surrounding peasants hire themselves out as day laborers to the patron because they ca n’t support themselves on their inadequate family plots .
Borlaug asserted that “ if we had tried to produce the harvest of 1990 with the technology of 1960 , we would have had to have increased the cultivated area by another 177 million hectares … ”
But that ’s dirty pool .
That assumes that the only available choice is Borlaug ’s preferred method in use today , versus “ the technology of 1960 . ”
In such a cramped little intellectual schema , there was only one technologically determined path for advancement ; the only choice was to take the one correct path or to remain static .
There is no such thing as neutral or generically “ efficient ” technology , and very few technological imperatives that remain constant independent of institutional and power considerations .
The most “ efficient ” farming methods depend on who will be using them .
At any given time , there are numerous alternative paths of technical advance .
The main selective factor determining which one is adopted is the power needs of the dominant political and economic institutions .
The proper comparision , therefore , is with the path not taken .
“ Green Revolution ” seeds and technology , for example , were developed to be usable primarily under the conditions prevailing in large - scale cash crop production on land from which peasant subsistence farmers had been evicted : i.e. , heavily subsidized irrigation water and other large - scale inputs like expensive chemical fertilizer .
Frances Moore Lappe eschews the term “ high - yield varieties , ” preferring to call them “ high - response varieties , ” because they only have high yields under the artificial conditions prevailing in politically privileged and subsidized , large - scale cash crop production .
Under the conditions prevailing for peasant small - holders , without subsidized irrigation water or synthetic nitrogen inputs , relying primarily on careful soil stewardship and rainwater recycling , the most productive varieties are often the native and traditional varieties –drought - hardy , and otherwise adapted to local conditions over many generations .
The very claim that Borlaug “ saved a billion lives ” starts from a false assumption : that the main cause of Third World starvation was economic , rather than political .
It assumes that starvation resulted mainly from insufficient production , from a lack of land , or from the inadequacy of farming techniques .
In fact , the main cause of Third World starvation was what Franz Oppenheimer called “ political appropriation of the land ” : great landlords and landed oligarchs holding fertile land out of cultivation altogether , or tractoring off peasant smallholders so the land could be used to grow cash crops for export .
The real source of starvation is the hundreds of millions of people living in shantytowns who might otherwise be supporting themselves on their own land , but who now ca n’t afford the “ more efficient ” crops produced on their former land at any price , because they do n’t have any money .
To take just one example of the arbitrary assumptions concealed in Borlaug ’s “ now vs. 1960 ” contrast : Lappe has shown that the absolute calorie value of Third World food output during the period under consideration was sufficient to provide a protein - balanced diet of 2000 or 3000 calories per capita .
The problem was that so much of that output was used as livestock fodder to raise meat for export , rather than domestic consumption .
The problem , in other words , is who owns the land and whose interests it ’s being used in .
You can make your own comparison to the Irish potato famine , when the great landlords were actually producing wheat for export .
Another irritating thing Borlaug said in the interview , not excerpted in Bailey ’s birthday piece : “ As far as plants are concerned , they ca n’t tell whether that nitrate ion comes from artificial chemicals or from decomposed organic matter . ”
That ’s a bit like saying your body can’t tell the difference between an ascorbic acid molecule in your food from one in a pill .
The molecule itself may be identical , but it makes a huge difference to biological absorption whether it ’s part of a synergistic complex of bioflavonoids and other phytochemicals , many of which have yet to be isolated or available in pill form .
Likewise , in agriculture , there ’s a big difference in bioabsorptive function when nitrogen is put into the soil through bacterial decomposition , as opposed to a handful of white pellets .
And as regular commenter P.M. Lawrence helpfully pointed out , it ’s quite likely that nitrogen spikes from synthetic fertilizers have a different effect on plant growth compared to the slow release of nitrogen from organic decomposition — much like the harmful effects of insulin spikes from injection compared to the body ’s manufacturing it on - demand .
Borlaug completely ignores the bacterial ecology of the soil and root systems ( like the need for appropriate flora and fauna like nitrogen - fixing bacteria and mycorrhizae coexisting symbiotically with root hairs ) , along with the importance of soil friability and osmotic quality .
“ I ca n’t get into details as to the probable cause behind the warrants except for the fact that they ’re dealing with marijuana , which is illegal under federal law , ” she said .
On Tuesday , three different groups of DEA officers simultaneously served search warrants to the dispensaries about noon , said Sarah Pullen , a DEA spokeswoman .
A DEA raid on three Westside medical marijuana dispensaries has generated outrage from supporters , some of whom had expressed hope that the federal government would halt such actions once Barack Obama took office .
An employee of Beach Center Collective in Playa del Rey said DEA officers confiscated so much property that it would not be able to reopen .
“ They took everything , ” said the 32 - year - old employee , who asked not to be named .
“ You name it , they took it -- right down to the television .
The computer , patient files , medicine , cash in the register -- that ’s it , we ’re done .
It ’s just too bad .
[ Our patients ] have epilepsy , cancer , MS , diabetes -- two of our patients have one leg .
They ’re gonna have to travel a lot farther and go to places that are n’t as safe for them . ”
Representatives of Marina Caregivers of Marina del Rey and Alternative Caregivers Discount Dispensary in Venice also said their places of work shad been raided and suffered damage .
In response to the recent DEA raids , Americans for Safe Access , an organization that promotes safe and legal access to marijuana , is planning a rally for Thursday at noon in front of the downtown Los Angeles federal building .
“ When a dispensary is raided by the DEA they come in and confiscate all of the patients ’ medicine , ” said Don Duncan , co-founder of ASA .
“ In some cases that means the dispensary ca n’t reopen .
It could also result in somebody being prosecuted in federal court and spending time in jail .
The city of Los Angeles is trying to regulate these facilities and this kind of federal interference makes that regulation impossible . ”
Cities around the state have been dealing with complaints about the proliferation of dispensaries , with some city councils voting to prohibit new ones .
-- Corina Knoll
Check this out :
So I mean , it really bothers me , this teleprompter . …
It bothers me that this man does n’t — this man is always on prompter .
You want to talk about a Manchurian candidate — that ’s it !
Who ’s writing every word for this man ? [ … ]
Is it bothering anyone else but me ?
We have a fraud in office , at least that ’s the way it feels to me .
He 's always on prompter ?
Okay , then , Glenn Beck is always forgetting to take his anti-psychotic meds .
Beck goes on to claim that the president is never " off the cuff , " which is absolutely a lie .
It 's a flat out lie .
No truth to that -- whatsoever .
When he delivers prepared remarks , he uses a prompter just like every president since Reagan .
When he takes questions or appears at a town hall , he 's off the cuff .
But keep going , Glenn .
Make sure your listeners continue to blurt out random loud noises and entirely fictional conspiracy theories .
There 's still some far - right cred that needs to be obliterated .
This entry was posted on Tuesday , March 17th , 2009 at 23:31 .
Dr Ross Church is a PhD from Cambridge , and is currently a postdoctoral research fellow at Monash University .
I talked to him about binary stars :
– What are binary stars ?
– How common are they ?
– Can stars exist in triple or more systems ?
– How big are most binary stars ?
– How do binary stars form ?
– How can we detect binary stars through observation ?
– Can binary systems have planets ?
Also featured are listener of the episode , and listener feedback .
Download MP3 of Ep 88
This episode of Brains Matter is brought to you by Swinburne Astronomy Online
Please vote for this podcast this month at
You can donate by clicking on the button above , and subscribe by subscribing in iTunes
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea kept up its tough rhetoric against the United States and South Korea on Saturday , accusing Washington of preparing for war on the Korean peninsula .
A North Korean soldier looks south on the north side of the truce village of Panmunjom in the demilitarised zone ( DMZ ) separating the two Koreas in Paju , about 55 km ( 34 miles ) north of Seoul , February 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jo Yong - Hak
It also continued to target South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , calling him a traitor , a day after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned that ties with Pyongyang could not improve if it continued insulting South Korea .
North Korea ’s official media , however was silent on Clinton ’s remarks over the leadership issue in Pyongyang and the possibility of a crisis over who may succeed leader Kim Jong - il , 67 , who is widely believed to have suffered a stroke last August .
“ If the U.S. war - thirsty forces are allowed to continue frantically stepping up the moves for another Korean war ... the situation on the Korean Peninsula will reach an unpredictable phase and the U.S. will be held wholly accountable for the ensuing consequences , ” the North ’s official Rodong Sinmun newspaper said .
Clinton on Friday called the North a “ tyranny ” and demanded it stop insulting the leaders in the South if it wanted a normal relationship with Washington .
But North Korea ’s agency that handles dealings with the South said Lee had insulted the socialist state ideology of the North and erased all chances of improving ties between the two states .
“ We will settle scores with the traitor with the most merciless and resolute determination , ” the North ’s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland said in a statement .
North Korea has issued increasingly furious rhetoric against the South in anger over conservative policy to get tough with Pyongyang and stop the no-questions - asked aid given by his liberal predecessors .
Clinton said on Thursday questions about the North ’s leadership succession created uncertainty and possibly encourage provocative behaviour inside the communist state .
North Korea has been thought to be readying its longest - range missile for launch in what analysts said is a bid to grab the new U.S. administration ’s attention and put pressure on Seoul .
Clinton was in Beijing on Saturday on the final leg of her tour which also took her to Japan , South Korea and Indonesia .
The budget for “ Up ” is about $ 175 million excluding marketing , on par with other Pixar titles .
“ Up ” will not arrive in theaters until May 29 , but Pixarphiles  nudged along by the studio , which has been screening footage  are already effusive .
“ Sophisticated , mature , poignant , ” wrote Blue Sky Disney , a blog that chronicles everything Pixar .
The Cannes Film Festival is so excited about “ Up , ” which will be released in 3 - D , that it slotted the film on its prestigious opening night , a huge promotional platform that has never before gone to an animated film or a 3 - D one .
Adjusted for inflation , Pixar ’s films have generated a combined $ 2.65 billion at North American theaters , a spectacular showing .
“ Finding Nemo ” in 2003 was the high point , selling $ 405.6 million in tickets .
Pixar ’s last two films , “ Wall - E ” and “ Ratatouille , ” have been the studio’s two worst performers , delivering sales of $ 224 million and $ 216 million respectively , according to Box Office Mojo , a tracking service .
Attendance for Pixar films has also dropped sharply over the years , suggesting that ticket price inflation helped prop up overall sales for “ Wall - E ” and “ Ratatouille . ”
Retailers , meanwhile , see slim merchandising possibilities for “ Up . ” Indeed , the film seems likely to generate less licensing revenue than “ Ratatouille , ” until now the weakest Pixar entry in this area .
( “ Cars ” wears the merchandising crown , with sales of more than $ 5 billion . )
Target and Wal - Mart say they will stock little “ Up ” merchandise , mainly because there was not much interest from manufacturers : Thinkway Toys , which has churned out thousands of Pixar - related products since 1995 ’s “ Toy Story , ” will not produce a single item .
Disney Stores will offer “ Up ” - related products , but even that will be on a limited basis , according to analysts .
Disney sees the worry as unfair and tiresome given Pixar ’s track record .
With “ Ratatouille , ” analysts fretted about whether moviegoers would go to see a movie about a rat in the kitchen .
They did .
With “ Wall - E , ” people feared the lack of dialogue would bore children .
It did not .
The scars left on Mr Robinson 's body
Enlarge Image
A woman convicted of carving her name into her lover 's arm during a drink and drug - fuelled fling has been given a two - year community order .
Dominique Fisher , 22 , used a craft knife to write her name on Wayne Robinson 's arm in a " drunken and drugged - up " atmosphere .
She inflicted the injuries at her home in Blackburn , Lancashire , on 14 June , Burnley Crown Court was told .
The word " Dominique " and slash marks were scratched on to his body .
Mr Robinson , 24 , told police he had drunk vodka and taken valium and was not awake during the incident at the defendant 's home in Roebuck Close .
He panicked when he woke up and took a taxi back to his home in Fleetwood , the court was told .
[ The injuries ] have left permanent scars and left your name carved into his arm
Judge Andrew Woolman , Burnley Crown Court During her three - day trial at Preston Crown Court last month , Fisher said Mr Robinson had been aware of what she was doing , .
She was found guilty of one charge of unlawful wounding .
The pair had met two nights earlier in a Blackpool nightclub .
They had gone back to a flat and taken cocaine together before arranging to meet again at her home .
Judge Andrew Woolman told Fisher : " Both of you had a great deal to drink and took other substances , including valium , and both of you were in no fit state to be doing anything .
' Needy young woman '
" It seems there was consensual sexual intercourse , although Wayne Robinson does n't recall it .
" In that drunken , drugged - up atmosphere it seemed you got hold of a blade and carved your initials and other patterns into his body .
" The cuts were not deep , fortunately , although they could have been and they have left permanent scars and left your name carved into his arm . "
The judge said a pre-sentence report identified her as a " very isolated and needy young woman " and said she needed help in several areas of her life .
He warned Fisher that , if she breached her community order , she would be brought back before the court .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Behold !
The Transit Mall 's $ 2000 Trash Cans !
The transit mall downtown is opening for genuine MAX traffic soon and it is lookin ' good .
Really good .
The kind of good only lots of money can buy .
There 's been a lot of discussion at the city over the cost of the the " furniture elements " of the transit mall - the trashcans , bus shelters , benches and bike racks .
How much money is too much money to spend on a trashcan or a bike rack ?
Well , TriMet architect Bob Hastings points out that the transit mall is " the most important thing we 're doing for streetscape improvement in downtown Portland " and wanted to have the everyday elements " look good and stay good for 25 years . "
That 's how the transit mall team wound up mandating very classy stainless steel elements .
Sadly , stainless steel is expensive .
Here 's how the transit mall costs break down :
$ 2000 each ( $ 376,000 total )
30 benches at $ 2600 each ( $ 78,000 total )
53 bus shelters of varying sizes costing $ 3,844,780 total
and yes , 117 bike staples that clock in at $ 367 , plus $ 100 installation costs .
( about $ 55,000 total )
188 trashcans ateach ( $ 376,000 total )
Current TriMet budget deficit : $ 13.5 million .
Anyway , the bike racks present an interesting dilemma .
TriMet ordered 117 of them , but the city saw that is not nearly enough to meet demand and wants to install 100 more .
Sadly , in the two years since the contract was signed , the price of the stainless steel bike racks has jumped to $ 900 each , plus installation fees .
And while federal funds covered 60 percent of the initial costs of building the transit mall , it 's not clear who will pick up the tab for future work ( like , say , one of the trashcans gets set on fire ) .
Not the federal government , that 's for sure .
Right now the Portland Bureau of Transportation is looking around for transit mall bike rack funding - maybe the PDC can shell out ?
According to PBOT 's Sarah Figliozzi , Portland 's famous blue staple bike racks cost only $ 150 , including installation , and start to look shabby after about 10 years .
But the city can't use those ubiquitous racks on the transit mall because of the strict , stainless - steel only design guidelines .
While the city and TriMet sort this out , Portlanders have found a practical solution :
** Note * *
You can find the 2011 Federal Budget explained in plain English here .
The US Federal Budget for 2010 was released today , February 26,2009 .
This article focuses primarily on the discretionary spending .
Of the
discretionary budget , roughly half of spending goes to the US Department of Defense with the remaining money divided among 22 other departments .
As one of a very small number of Americans who have read through the 140 page docket outlining the plan , I have analyzed and detailed it below .
Overall , Departments like Agriculture show great detail while other departments like that of State use broad language and provide few clues into what programs will actually receive the billions .
Unsurprisingly the National Intelligence Agency has no details about either total budget nor allocation .
The mandatory spending , which totals an additional $ 2.184 trillion , allocates $ 695 billion to social security , $ 453 billion to Medicare , $ 290 billion to Medicaid , $ 11 billion in a potential disaster relief fund , $ 164 billion to pay off interest on the national debt and the remaining $ 571 billion to miscellaneous expenses .
2009 Federal Budget Breakdown
Overall , close to half of the discretionary federal budget goes to the Department of Defense .
When the
funds from the Recovery Act are added in , The Department of Education is allocated a vast amount of money to help improve public school and increase access to higher education .
The Department of Transportation also see a great deal of money for programs that will improve air traffic control and create an efficient and green fast interstate rail system .
To better understand the allotment of funds , the following chart shows the distribution of capital in the 2010 Federal budget .
Department of Education – $ 46.7billion +$ 81.1billion from Recovery Act
Obama ’s commitment to bettering the US educational system can be seen through the $ 81.1 billion he dedicates to education in the Recovery Act as well as the $ 46.7 billion in the 2010 federal budget .
He wants to strengthen public schools , reward effective teaching and expand opportunities for higher education .
Department of Education Budget Highlights
Innovative Solutions
Expand access to high quality early childhood education – no monetary value given
Funds education research – no monetary value given
Increase funding for charter schools – no monetary value given
College Access and Completion
Access and Completion Incentive Fund , which supports state efforts that help low - income students finish college – $ 2.5 billion over 5 years
Increase mximum Pell Awards – $ 5,500 as new maximum
American Opportunity Tax Credit made permanent – $ 2500 per credit
Department of Defense – $ 663.7 billion +$ 7.4 billion from the Recovery Act
The Department of Defense receives the lion ’s share of the Federal Budget to be used both internally and externally .
$ 533.7 billion is requested for specific programs with another $ 50 - 100 billion earmarked should the Department of Defense need it .
The budget will cover the draw down of US troops from Iraq , the aid of struggling states like Pakistan and the funding of programs that help to monitor cyber , biological and nuclear threats .
Overall , a large amount of funds are not detailed
Major Budget Allocations for the Department of Defense
Military Operations
Military Operations in Iraq and Afghanistan – $ 130 billion
Money that currently has no allocation but is budgeted should the Department of Defense need it – $ 50 billion
Soldiers
Pay for service members that will keep pace with or exceed private sector jobs – exact amount not provided
Expansion of military retired pay and Veterans Disability Compensation to all retirees receiving disability retired pay – exact amount not provided
Expansion on integrated mental health professionals with deployed unites – amount not provided
Improved medical care and housing for Wounded , Ill and Injured Servicemembers – amount not provided
Quality of life improvements for American Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen and Marines include modernization of barracks – amount not provided
Department of Transportation – $ 72.5 billion + $ 48.1 billion from the Recovery Act
The Department of Transportation is to use their budget to improve safety and reduce congestion as well as provide a financially viable system for the government .
These improvements should also lead to new jobs for Americans .
The money under the authority of the DOT increases from $ 17 billion to $ 70 billion .
Overall , very few details are given as to why and exactly where the money is going
Major Expenditures
Modernize Traffic Control
Improve rural access to the aviation system as demand for subsidized commercial airspace increases – $ 55 million
Improve the efficiency , safety and capacity of air traffic control through the Next Generation Air Transportation System – $ 800 million
Supports moving from ground - based radar surveillance to satellite surveillance – no amount provided
High - Speed Rail Networks
Creation of a high speed rail network as an environmentally friendly alternative to flying or driving – $ 5 billion over 5 years
Department of Health and Human Services – $ 76.8 billion + $ 22.44billion from the Recovery Act
We all know that the US health care system is broken .
Obama ’s 2010 budget attempts to lay the groundwork for a full scale American health care reform .
Major points in his plan are : aligning incentives towards quality health care , promoting efficiency and accountability , encouraging shared responsibility .
Obama also sets up a $ 630 billion 10 year reserve fund to help finance the reform .
Interesting provisions include several billion dollars to improve Alaskan Natives health care .
Highlights from the Department of Health and Human Services Budget
More Effective Health Care
Increase health care providers in certain areas – $ 330 million
Increase resources to detect , prevents and treat HIV / AIDs domestically – no monetary value stated
Funding for Research
Support and eventually double cancer research withing the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) – $ 6 billion
Increase funding for research into cause and treatments for Autism Spectrum Disorders – $ 211 million
Support for Families and Youth
Additional funds for the President ’s Zero to Five plan which provides health care to children in need – $ 1.1 billion
Expand the Head Start program – $ 1 billion
Expand the Child Care and Development Block Grant – $ 2 billion
Help low - income families heat and cool their homes – $ 3.2 billion
Additional Provisions
Improvement of Native American and Alaskan Natives healthcare – $ 4 billion
Improve access to and quality of health care in rural areas – $ 73 million
Department of Energy – $ 26.3 billion +$ 38.7billion from the Recovery Act
Although Obama ’s $ 26.3 billion budget allocation to the Department of Energy is far less than the $ 33.9 billion projected to be spent in 2009 it is still $ 2 billion over the prior 3 years .
A percentage of the budget goes to the promotion of a clean energy agenda and the advancement of Carbon Capture Storage technology .
Obama also focuses on improving the safety and disposal of nuclear energy .
Highlights of Department of Energy Plan
New Energy Infrastructure
Provide additional funding to the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability , which received $ 11 billion form the Recovery Act – no monetary value given for 2010 budget
Clean Air Technology
Supports loan guarantees for renewable energy projects and carbon caputaure store projects .
– no monetary value given
Along with $ 3.4 billion from the Recovery Act the 2010 budget supports the advancement of low - carbon coal technologies – no monetary value given
Increased Nuclear Security
Supports efforts to secure and dispose of nuclear material – no monetary value given
Supports efforts that will deter nuclear smuggling – no monetary value given
Department of Housing and Urban Development – $ 47.5 billion + $ 13.6 billion from the Recovery Act
The Department of Housing and Urban Development has a lot of ground to cover with its $ 47.5 billion budget .
Key goals for the money include creating sustainable communities , combating mortgage fraud and predatory lending and fully funding the Community Development Block Grant program .
The budget also provides initial funding for the Affordable Housing Trust Fund .
Budget Highlight from the U.S. Department of Housing ad Urban Development
Safe and Affordable Housing
Through the Affordable Housing Trust fund , the Obama budget tackles development , rehabilitation and preservation of affordable housing for very low - income residents – $ 1 billion
Increase government funding for rental assistance – no monetary value given
Combat mortgage fraud – no monetary value given
Help communities to invest in and expand economic opportunities for low - income families – $ 4.5 billion
Department of Veteran Affairs – $ 55.9 billion + $ 1.4 billion from the Recovery Act
Over the next 5 years , Obama plans on increasing funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs by $ 25 billion .
Unfortunately the budget does not focus on the exact details of where this $ 25 billion will go .
The budget focuses on increasing high - quality health care for veterans , the developments of Centers for Excellence and increased access to mental and cognitive health care .
It also provides for a pilot program with non profit organization to help veterans avoid homelessness .
Major Department of Veterans Budget Expenditures
Increased Funding and Benefit Expansion
General expansion of services and budget increases – $ 25 billion increase over 5 years
Restoration on health care eligibility for modest income veterans – no amount provided
Enhanced outreach and services related to mental health and cognitive injuries for veterans – no amount provided
Supports quick implementation of comprehensive education benefits – no amount provided
Supports effective implementation of post -9/11 GI
Bill – no amount provided
Department of State and Other International Programs
The United States needs to renew its leadership role in the world .
The 2010 budget for the Department of State and Other International Programs aims to increase foreign aid to help education children in some of the poorest nations , increase global food supply and security , and stabilize post - conflict areas .
The budge also includes an increase in funding for global health programs and non-military assistance to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
No exact numbers are given in the budget as to where the money will go .
There is a very large discretionary budget .
Plan highlights
Foreign Policy Goals
Increase funding for global health programs that commbat HIV / AIDs , malaria and TB – no specific amount given
Funding the first year of a multi year counterterrorism and law enforcement program – no specific amount given
Promotion of safe civilian uses of nuclear energy – no specific amount given
International Support
Expansion of diplomatic and development ties by increasing the number of state and USAID Foreign services officers – no specific amount given
Department of Homeland Security – $ 42.7 billion +$ 2.8billion from the Recovery Act
The Department of Homeland Security budget focuses on safeguarding transportation systems , strengthening border security and immigration services and increasing research and development for cybersecurity .
Major Department of Homeland Security Expenses
Transportation
15 new Visual Intermodal Protection Response teams to increase in random force protection capability – $ 50,000,000
DHS and DoT Planning and modernization of freight infrastructure linking coastal and inland ports to highway and rail networks – $ 25,000,000
Cybersecurity and Technology R&D
Increase resilience and security of private and public sector cyber infrastructure – $ 355,000,000
Ongoing support and improvement of surveillance technologies to detect biological threats – $ 36,000,000
Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Services
Expansion of exit pilot and key land points of entry and general border secutiry priorities – $ 45,000,000
Support of existing Customs and Border Protections – $ 368,000,000
Expansion of electronic employment verification system , E - Verify , that hlps US employers to comply with immigration laws – $ 110,000,000
State Homeland Security Activities
Addition of state and local level intelligence analysts – $ 260,000,000
Department of Agriculture – $ 26 billion + $ 6.9 billion from Recovery Act
The $ 26 billion budgeted for the Department of Agriculture is aimed at helping family farmers and rural Americans .
Some of the more notable plans are expanding broadband to rural areas , development of renewable energy and to provide strong support for childhood nutrition .
Major Expenditures
Rural and Farm Economic Growth
Five Rural Development Programs – $ 61,000,000
Increase rural broadband – $ 1,300,000,000
Increase national supply of home - grown renewable fuels – $ 250,000,000
Rural teaching incentives and lands grants for minority - serving institutions – 70,000,000
US Natural Resources
Forest Protection – $ 50,000,000
Wildfire Protection – $ 1,382,000,000
Land conservation – $ 119,000,000
Food Safety and Nutrition Assistance
Child Nutrition Reauthorization – $ 1,000,000,000
Department of Justice – $ 26.5 billion + $ 4 billion from the Recovery Act
The Department of Justice budget addresses funding for National Security and crime fighting agencies like the FBI and COPS .
It also ensures that prison and detention programs receive adequate funding .
Major Expenditures Budgeted for the Department of Justice
Law Enforcement
Funding for the FBI – $ 8billion
Hire an additional 50,000 police officers – exact amount not provided
Strengthens funding to combat racial , ethnic , sexual preference , gender and religious discrimination through the Civil Right Division – $ 145 million
Prisoner and Justice Programs
Bureau of Prisons – $ 6billion
Office of the Detention Trustee , which ensures criminals and detainees are housed in safe , humane and secure facilities – $ 1.4billion
Prisoner re-entry programs – $ 109 million
Expansion of Office of Justice Programs authorized by Second Chance
Act to provide job training , counseling and drug treatment – $ 75 million
Department of Labor – $ 13.3 billion + $ 4.8billion from the Recovery Act
The 2010 budget for the Department of Labor focuses on modernization and reform on the Unemployment Insurance system , building green jobs and the improvement on American working conditions .
Highlights from the 2010 Department of Labor Budget
Improve Unemployment Insurance System
Reduce improper payments and employer tax evasion by more than $ 4 billion over the next 10 years through modernization of system – no monetary value given
Increase labor standards
Increase funding for OSHA – no monetary value given
Increase funding for Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs – no monetary value given
Increase funding for the Wage and Hour Division – no monetary value given
Additional financial and currency news articles pertaining to the US recession and stimulus package can be read anytime at Online Forex Trading
Department of Commerce – $ 13.8 billion +$7.9billion from Recovery Act
To help the Department of Commerce with its mission to create jobs , Obama ’s proposes a budget increase for the Department of Commerce from $ 9.3 billion in 2009 to $ 13.8 billion in 2010 .
Money will be divided among several projects like an increase in funding for weather satellites and climate centers , Technology Innovation Program and Manufacturing Extension Partnership to fund regional economic development and entrepreneurship in distressed areas .
Expenditure Highlights
Competitiveness and Innovation
Technology Innovation Program – $ 70,000,000
Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership – $ 125,000,000
Initiative to create new businesses in distressed areas – $ 50,000,000
Environmental Monitoring and Management
Weather forecasting and global climate monitoring – $ 1,300,000,000
2010 Census
Resources to conduct Census efficiently – $ 7,000,000,000
National Aeronautics and Space Administration – $ 18.7 billion + $ 1 billion from the Recovery Act
NASA is allocated nearly $ 20 billion ( including funds from the Recovery Act ) to do more than just explore space .
NASA is partially responsible to help the US understand the effects of climate change on the planet .
Understanding NASA budget allocation
Climate change research and monitoring
Development of new space - based sensors to conduct global climate research – exact amount not provided
Space Exploration
Additional robotic space exploration missions – exact amount not provided
Completion of the International Space Station – exact amount not provided
Continuous support of the International Space Station – exact amount not provided
Additional research in air transportation to support future aircrafts
Environmental Protection Agency – $ 10.5 billion +$ 7.2 billion from the Recovery Act
The funds budgeted to the Environmental Protection Agency are for the restoration of the Great Lakes , additional funding for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund , the Drinking Water Supply Revolving Fund , the Water Security Initiative , and the Water Alliance for Threat Reduction .
It also allows for more than $ 1 billion to clean up the most contaminated sites in the Superfund program .
Highlights of the US Environmental Protection Agency Budget
Clean Water
Funding of clean water initiatives through the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund – $ 3.9 billion
Acceleration of the restoration of the Great Lakes – $ 475 million
Greenhouse Gas Reduction
Lay groundwork for a reduction in greenhouse gases and develop a comprehensive climate change plan to reduce 2005 greenhouse gas levels by 14 $ by 2020 and 84 % by 2050 – $ 19million
Water Safety and Security
Fully funding the Water Security Initiative and Water Alliance for Threat Reduction which creating drinking water contamination warning systems – $ 24 million
Superfund Program
Cleaning up the most toxic and contaminated sites in the US – $ 1 billion
Department of the Interior – $ 12 billion + $ 3 billion from the Recovery Act
The U.S. Department of the Interior budget supports programs that expand environmental education activities , strengthen Native American communities and promote renewable energy .
Obama ’s budget also includes provisions to close loopholes that give oil companies excessive royalty relief .
Major Programs Receiving Money From U.S. Department of Interior Budget
US Natural Resources
National Park Service will receive funds to protect and maintain natural resources – $ 25 million
Land and Water Conservation Fund – $ 420 million
Create a dedicated funds to fight wildfires – $ 75 million
Clean Energy
Research and testing for renewable energy – $ 50,000,000
Wetlands conservation – $ 10,000 budget increase
Strengthening Native American Communities
Increase funding to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for law enforcement and education – $ 100 million
Department of the Treasury – $ 13.3 billion + $ 300 million from the Recovery Act
The Department of the Treasury exists to promote economic prosperity and financial security of the United States .
The 2010 budget supports the Financial Stability Plan , emphasizes transparent and accountable program management .
In addition to the 2010 Budget , there is a $ 250 billion contingent reserve for further efforts to stabilize the financial system .
Highlights of the Department of Treasury Budget
IRS Services
Additional funds to assist the IRS with tax collection abroad – exact amount not specified
Improve quality of taxpayer experience – exact amount not specified
Lending and Community Development
Double funding for the Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund to help locally based financial institutions offer small business , consumer and home loans – exact amount not specified
Additional Point of Interest
Funds are set aside as a reserve to be used in and when necessary to stabilize the financial system – $ 250 billion
Social Security Administration – $ 11.6 bullion +$ 1.1 billion from the Recovery Act
The Social Security Administration is indispensable to seniors , survivors , workers and the disable , but unfortunately the SSA can only pay full benefits until 2041 .
The 2010 Federal budget does not plan for 2042 , but instead provides a 10 % increase to help process claims more quickly .
The budget also intends to help improve framework to extend the viability of the program as best possible .
Highlights of the 2010 Social Security Administration Budget
Program Integrity and Operation
Increase staffing at the SSA to help process claims and appeals more quickly – exact amount not disclosed
Increase Social Security card processing and Social Security Number distribution – exact amount not disclosed
Increase integrity of SSA to ensure efficient government spending – $ 759 million
National Science Foundation – $ 7 billion +$ 3 billion from the Recovery Act
Climate change is an integral part of several departmental budgets , including the National Science Foundation .
Other goals for the NSA 2010 budget include increased high - risk , high - reward research and increased graduate research fellowships .
National Science Foundation Budget Highlights
Research in Global Climate Change
Support for research to improve the ability to predict future environmental conditions and develop strategies to respond to global environmental changes – exact amount not specified
Establishment of a climate change education program – exact amount not specified
High - Risk , High - Reward Research
Increased support for exploratory and high - risk research proposals that could alter our understanding or nature , revolutionize the fields of science or radically change new technologies
Graduation Research Fellowships and Early - Career Researchers
Substantial increase to NSF ’s Graduate Research Fellowship and Faculty Early Career Development programs – exact amount not specified
Increased support for the Advanced Technological Education program – exact amount not specified
Corps of Engineers – Civil Works – $ 5.1 billion + $ 4.6 billion from the Recovery Act
The 2010 Obama Administration budget gives the Corps of Engineers – Civil Works a $ 5.1 billion discretionary budget .
It should help to strengthen the Nation ’s water resources infrastructure and restore Gulf Coast wetlands
Budget Emphasis for the Corps of Engineers – Civil Works
Construction on High - Return Investments
Facilitate commercial navigation – discretionary
Reduce the risk of flood and storm damage – discretionary
Restore significant aquatic ecosystems – discretionary
Phasing out of excise tax on diesel fuel for inland waterways and replace it with a lock usage fee – discretionary
Maintenance
Safe and reliable operation of facilities – discretionary
Gulf Coast Commitment – discretionary
Continued funding to restore Louisiana coastal wetlands – discretionary
Restoration of wetland affected by the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet – discretionary
Small Business Administration – $ 700 million +$ 700 million from the Recovery Act
Between the Recovery Act and the 2010 federal budget , the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) is given $ 1.4 billion , which can be used for distributing capital through guaranteed loans and investment products .
It also strives to improve Federal contract opportunities for small business .
Although compared to other departments , this is not a large amount , but the Federal government does provide for small businesses during the credit crisis through Section 504 of Guaranteed Loan program .
Details about the Small Business Administration Budget
Agency Operations
Improve technological infrastructure of the SBA to help it remain transparent – amount not given
Purchase of modern loan accounting system – amount not provided
Streamline and automate lending and contracting systems – amount not provided
Contract Opportunities for Small Business
Provide additional counseling and business development experts to assist small businesses – amount not provided
Improve Women ’s Business Centers , SCORE , and Small Business Development Centers – amount not provided
Increase small business access to Federal prime and sub-contracting opportunities – amount not provided
Small Business Assistance Covered in Other Parts of the Budget
Guaranteed Disaster Loan Program – amount given to small businesses not provided
Corporation For National Community Service – $ 1.1 billion + $ 200 million from the Recovery Act
The Corporation For National Community Service provides opportunities for Americans to volunteer and serve their community .
The $ 261 million budget increase will help to create a new Social Innovation Fund and expand service - learning in American schools .
Highlights from the Corporation For National Community Service 2010 Budget
Expansion of National Service
Expand AmeriCorps from 75,000 funded slots 250,000 – exact amount not specified
Increase the amount of the Eli Segal Education Award – exact amount not specified
Expand and improve Senior Corps programs allowing more retirees to help meet the needs in their communities – exact amount not specified
Grow service - learning in US schools by providing additional research for Learn and Serve America – exact amount not specified
Strengthen Management Capacity of the Corporation For National Community Service
Increase funding for administration and strengthen capacity to manage programs , measure performance and conduct evaluations – exact amount not specified
Online Forex Trading also provides additional resources on the stimulus plan , recession and economy .
This entry was posted on Thursday , February 26th , 2009 at 11:37 pm and is filed under Discussion , Investments and Trades , Politics , recession , Stimulus Plan , US Dollar .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
The Register recalls that in 2000 , then National Criminal Intelligence Service director general John Abbott wrote to the Guardian with this assurance :
Conspiracy theorists must not be allowed to get away with the ridiculous notion that law enforcement would or even could monitor all emails .
The intelligence agencies have neither the inclination nor the resources , nor the legal ability to monitor the massive amounts of electronic communications that flow through the UK every day .
It does not happen with letters or telephones and it will not with emails .
Nine years later that 's exactly what the government now proposes .
Civil servants working on the interception modernisation programme are now considering a technique called deep packet inspection ( DPI ) which will do all that Abbott said was impossible .
" First , spy chiefs want to create a massive central repository of communications traffic data , " suggests The Register 's report .
" Such data contains the powerful details of who contacts whom , how , when and where . "
Most major ISPs and telecoms firms already retain much of this data , but some do not , and many email , VoIP , instant messaging and social networking services retain little .
The Register explains :
This in turn would facilitate the second aim of the system , the interception of the content of internet communications .
As now , this would require a warrant under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) , but each wiretap would be much easier to implement .
A consultation will follow but given the performance in the House of Lords of the security minister Lord West – when he dodged a question from Baroness Miller which suggested that DPI would be used to identify people from their communications – it will almost certainly follow the pattern of most government consultations .
The government cannot openly admit to the depth of its surveillance techniques having ruled them out as conspiracy theory so little time ago .
The Register ends with this :
Security experts including the University of Cambridge 's Professor Richard Clayton have pointed out that in such circumstances , where DPI technology is installed , the line between communications traffic data and the content of the communication could become blurred .
We must conclude that intelligence agencies now have both " the inclination and resources to monitor the massive amounts of electronic communications that flow through the UK every day " .
All they seek now is the legal ability , almost certain to be given to them by a parliament which , with a touching lack of dissent , accepts the benign intentions of the executive and the intelligence agencies .
Nowtopia is a book about a new politics of work .
It profiles tinkerers , inventors , and improvisational spirits who bring an artistic approach to important tasks that are ignored or undervalued by market society .
Rooted in practices that have been emerging over the past few decades , Nowtopia ’s exploration of work locates an important thread of self - emancipatory class politics beyond the traditional arena of wage - labor .
Outlaw bicycling , urban permaculture , biofuels , free software , even the Burning Man festival , are windows into a scarcely visible social transformation that challenges politics as we know it .
As capitalism continues its inexorable push to corral every square inch of the globe into its logic of money and markets , new practices are emerging that are redefining politics .
In myriad ways , people are taking back their time and technological know - how from the market and in small under - the - radar ways , are making life better right now .
In doing so , they also set the foundation — technically AND socially — for a genuine movement of liberation from market life .
The social networks thus created , and the practical experience of cooperating outside of economic regulation , become a breeding ground for new strategies and tactics to confront the everyday commodification to which capitalism reduces us all .
Nowtopia uncovers resistance and rebellion amidst fractions of a slowly recomposing working class in America .
Rarely self - identifying as mere ‘ workers , ’ people from all walks of life are doing incredible amounts of work in their “ free ” “ non-work ” time .
This unpaid work is creating immediate practical improvements in daily life .
More interesting still , these myriad initiatives constitute a more thorough - going refusal of politics and economics as usual .
In Nowtopia , Marx ’s concept of the General Intellect is freshly applied to the disparate initiatives that are percolating largely out of public sight .
Building on the investigative methodology developed by autonomist Marxists in Europe and the U.S.A. , Carlsson recontextualizes the so - called “ middle class ” as an example of working class recomposition .
The practical rebellions outlined in this book embody a deeper challenge to the basic epistemological underpinnings of modern life , as a new ecologically - driven politics emerges from below to reshape our assumptions about science , technology and human behavior .
The semi-conscious war between these life - affirming , self - emancipating behaviors and the coercive domination of money , property , and survival amidst contrived scarcity is the core investigation of this book .
How topia ...
Now !
Order Now !
Author Chris Carlsson is available for radio and tv interviews , and public speaking opportunites , from classes and assemblies , to conferences and more ... write me at cc at chriscarlsson dot com .
Great prices on Dymo , Brother , Zebra and Primera labels and labellers from the labelling experts .
Please email us if you need help choosing a machine or consumables .
Will Conduct Reboot Operation Next Week
The team operating NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter plans a complicated reboot operation of the spacecraft 's computer next week , to address a long - known , potential vulnerability of accumulated memory corruption .
" This is not a risk - free event , " the agency notes , " but the Odyssey team and NASA have carefully weighed the risks of performing a cold reboot compared with the risk of doing nothing , and determined that the proper course of action is to proceed with the reboot . "
The chief concern about the potential memory vulnerability stems from the length of time the spacecraft has been exposed to the accumulated effects of the space radiation environment since the last reboot , which occurred on October 31 , 2003 .
As an additional benefit , the cold - reboot procedure will demonstrate whether Odyssey 's onboard backup systems will be available should they ever be required .
" We have lost no functionality , but there would be advantages to knowing whether the B side is available , " said Odyssey Mission Manager Gaylon McSmith of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , CA .
" We have developed a careful plan for attempting to determine that . "
In the years since its April 7 , 2001 , launch , Odyssey has not needed to use its set of spare components .
The spares are called the spacecraft 's " B side , " which includes an identical set of a computer processor , navigation sensors , relay radio and other subsystems .
To use any of them , Odyssey would have to shift to all of them at once from its primary set of components , called the " A side . "
On March 21 , 2007 , the B - side spare of an electronic component for managing the distribution of power , called the high - efficiency power supply , became inoperable .
If it is permanently disabled , then none of the B side is available for use .
Engineers have investigated the inoperability of the B - side high - efficiency power supply .
They concluded that the component can probably be made to work properly again by rebooting the orbiter 's computer , although the memory - vulnerability issue that is the current concern is not directly related to the March 2007 event that affected the power supply .
Odyssey is in the third two - year extension of its mission at Mars .
Some A - side components , such as the UHF radio used for communications with spacecraft on the surface of Mars , have worked as long as they were designed to last .
In addition to its own major scientific discoveries and continuing studies of the planet , the Odyssey mission has played important roles in supporting the missions of the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity and the Phoenix Mars Lander .
( image : " Fujimori : Los titulares de la condena , " by Flickr user javi270270 . )
Alberto Fujimori , former president of Peru , was convicted Tuesday of " crimes against humanity " and received a 25 year sentence for his role in murder and kidnappings committed by death squads in the government 's campaign against leftist " Shining Path " guerrillas .
Human rights groups call the ruling a precedent - setting verdict that upholds the internationally - recognized principle that violent abuses must not be committed in the name of fighting terrorism .
Snip from Washington
Post story :
Many people in Peru admire Fujimori for largely defeating the Shining Path insurgency and ending a two - decade war that left about 70,000 people dead .
But the tribunal found that Fujimori was guilty of creating and authorizing a military intelligence death squad that killed innocent people .
( … ) Fujimori 's trial focused on two episodes of killings : a 1991 raid in which 15 people , including an 8 - year - old boy , were killed at a barbecue in Lima where the military intelligence unit was looking for Shining Path suspects .
This raid , which became known as the Barrios Altos massacre , was followed by the 1992 abduction and killing of nine students and a teacher from La Cantuta University , also by the Colina Group .
Fujimori was also accused of ordering the kidnappings of journalist Gustavo Gorriti and businessman Samuel Dyer in 1992 .
One of the arguments Fujimori partisans sometimes offered was that the dead had been terrorists and that their deaths were , therefore , justified .
But the tribunal wrote in the summary of the 711 - page sentencing document that none of the 25 people killed in the two massacres had been members of the Shining Path .
Peru's Fujimori Gets 25 Years ( washington post , thanks Ned Sublette )
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow recently tweeted ,
Fujimori just got 25 yrs for death squads .
It 's not online , but if you ever get a chance to see this flick about Peru , do : http://is.gd/rjS2
She 's referring to the documentary " State of Fear , " which documents the atrocities and how they came to pass .
Tagline sound familiar ? —
" A nation wages a war on terror and loses its democracy . "
Details could be leaked , said one Lib Dem MP Social networking sites like Facebook could be monitored by the UK government under proposals to make them keep details of users ' contacts .
The Home Office said it was needed to tackle crime gangs and terrorists who might use the sites , but said it would not keep the content of conversations .
It is part of a plan to store details of all phone calls , e-mails and websites visited on a central database .
Civil liberties campaigners have called the proposals a " snoopers ' charter " .
Tens of millions of people use sites like Facebook , Bebo and MySpace to chat with friends , but ministers say they have no interest in the content of discussions - just who people have been talking to .
' Overkill ' Liberal Democrat MP
Tom Brake said the websites contained sensitive personal details and he was concerned information could leak from any government - controlled database .
The Independent newspaper quoted him as saying similar plans to store phone and email records threatened to be the " most expensive snooper 's charter in history " .
" It is deeply worrying that they now intend to monitor social networking sites which contain very sensitive data like sexual orientation , religious beliefs and political views , " he said .
The newspaper also reported that Chris Kelly , Facebook 's chief privacy officer , was considering lobbying ministers over the proposal , which he described as " overkill " .
It is right to point out the difficulty of ensuring that we maintain a capability to deal with crime and national security ... where that butts up against issues of privacy
Vernon Coaker , Home Office
Are plans to monitor Facebook an invasion of privacy ?
Phone companies are already required to store details of all calls , such as the time and date , location and who made them , for 12 months for possible use in criminal investigations or court cases .
An EU directive ordering data on internet traffic to be stored in a similar way is due to come into effect in the UK on Monday , 6 April .
The government is also considering proposals to store all communications data on a single database , which may be run by a private company .
It has delayed legislation on the move amid concerns about civil liberties and is due to launch a consultation on the plan " shortly " , which will set out privacy safeguards .
The Home Office claims the new database is necessary to allow police and security services " keep up with technological advances " and that billing information is already stored by telecoms companies .
A spokesman said : " The government has no interest in the content of people 's social network sites and this is not going to be part of our upcoming consultation .
" We have been clear that the communications revolution has been rapid in this country and the way in which we collect communications data needs to change , so that law enforcement agencies can maintain their ability to tackle terrorism and gather evidence . "
' Browsing habits ' Shami Chakrabarti , of campaign group Liberty , said she would be " flabbergasted " if the the police and security services were not monitoring social networking sites already and it was " permissible " on human rights grounds to examine the profile of suspects .
But what she said was unacceptable was the government storing all communications data centrally , which she said would allow them to monitor the web browsing habits of ordinary citizens .
" With websites , as opposed to traditional phone calls and e-mails and so on , the difference between what the website you 're visiting and what you 're doing there , is really blurred .
" I mean just by my web browsing habits , just by which sites I 'm visiting , you 'll be able to build up ... a pretty detailed picture of who I 'm associated with , perhaps what my politics is , what my religious preference is and shopping habits are .
" It 's a pretty detailed bit of surveillance about a person , about all individual people , most of whom , let 's be clear about it , are completely innocent . "
' Difficult area '
She added : " That 's the difference between being a suspect and just an ordinary citizen , being part of the mainstream population and going about your business in a normal way . "
Details of the social website proposals were disclosed by Home Office minister Vernon Coaker earlier this month , at a Commons committee to examine draft EU directives .
He said that the government was considering acting on social networking sites because they were not covered by the latest proposals from Brussels .
Mr Coaker acknowledged that the plan would raise fresh concerns about the right to privacy , saying he accepted it was an " extremely difficult area " .
" It is absolutely right to point out the difficulty of ensuring that we maintain a capability and a capacity to deal with crime and issues of national security , and where that butts up against issues of privacy , " he said .
The Cabinet Office already monitors popular social network sites such as Facebook , Netmums , Fixmystreet and Mumsnet to see what users are saying about public services .
Your comments :
That 's just what we need .
The government having access to all this information .
They have proven with alarming consistency that they cannot be trusted with sensitive information .
Who knows whose hands these data will end up in when some bright spark leaves a hard drive on a train .
Dave , Liverpool
That the government is considering encroaching even further into people 's private lives is horrifying , although hardly surprising .
The move is yet another indicator of the government 's seeming desire to spy on its own people , and the idea that criminal gangs would barefacedly announce what they 're doing on a social networking site is somewhat unbelievable .
It would definitely make me think twice before joining .
Harry , Nottingham , UK I 've got nothing to hide - go ahead !
And if you do have highly personal information about yourself that you would like kept sectret , why is it on a social networking site in the first place ?
They are not secure .
Amy Baker , Adelaide , Australia ( but English )
Any terrorist or criminal that currently uses social networking sites to plan their crimes ( a scenario I find highly unlikely ) will just stop using it .
This will leave the innocent users under surveillance for no justifiable reason .
The government is obsessed with monitoring and controlling the population .
General Election soon , please
Mark , Nottingham I work for the Police and I for one think this is a fantastic idea along with every other scheme that is or is threatened to be brought in ot fight this insidiuos and invisible fight against terrorism .
I can't wait to change my title from Constable to Stasi
Robert Pangborn , Surrey
Ah , the inexorable rise of the security services .
Ask a security expert what 's needed and , guess what , their recommendation is ' more security ' .
How many people were killed by terrorists in the UK last year ?
Or the year before ?
Every loss of freedom is a massive victory for the enemy .
The biggest threat to our way of life is actually our government and its agencies , scaring us into compliance and acceptance of hitherto unimaginable invasions of privacy .
People , wake up .
Robert Simmons , Dorking , Surrey
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" How charming is divine philosophy !
Not harsh and crabbed as dull fools suppose
But musical as is Apollo 's lute
And a perpetual feast of nectared sweets "
- John Milton
Welcome to the Brown University Philosophy Department !
The Department of Philosophy has had a long distinguished history at Brown University , and some renowned philosophers have taught , and are teaching , here .
The department 's faculty offers expertise in all main areas of philosophy , including ethics and political philosophy , philosophy of mind , metaphysics , epistemology , philosophy of logic , philosophy of science , and philosophy of art , as well as the history of philosophy ( including 19th and 20th century European philosophy ) .
In addition , the department offers many courses outside these main areas , such as , philosophy of / in literature , and feminist philosophy .
The department houses a graduate program , which offers both PhD and Master 's degrees , and an undergraduate program , which offers a flexible concentration and sponsors a Departmental Undergraduate Group ( DUG ) .
Students with questions about the concentration should contact the Director of Undergraduate Studies , Justin Broackes .
The department also sponsors several programs , including the Political Philosophy Workshop and the program for Ethical Inquiry ; lecture series , including the Royce Lectures , the Brown / Blackwell Lectures , and the Shapiro Lectures ; and conference series , such as the biannual Shapiro Conferences and the annual Shapiro Graduate Conferences .
The department hosts BEARS , The Brown Electronic Article Review Service in Moral and Political Philosophy .
The department also hosts frequent visiting scholars and professors from all over the world , and a Distinguished Visitor for one semester every other year .
Every summer , the department offers a special Summer Immersion Program in Philosophy ( [ email protected ] ) , designed to introduce members of groups traditionally underrepresented in our discipline to professional philosophy .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Attorney General Eric Holder said Wednesday that he would " follow the law " as he weighed potential prosecutions of Bush administration officials who authorized controversial harsh interrogation techniques .
Some groups want Attorney General Eric Holder to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the issue .
In Holder 's first public comments on the issue since President Obama 's statements on the matter Tuesday , the attorney general responded to questions briefly and cautiously .
" We are going to follow the evidence , follow the law and take that where it leads .
No one is above the law , " Holder said at an Earth Day event .
Some human rights groups have demanded that Holder appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the matter , but the attorney general appears to be in no hurry to decide how to proceed .
Obama said Tuesday that the attorney general would ultimately decide whether to proceed with prosecutions of those in the Bush administration who drew up the legal basis for aggressive interrogation techniques .
Those techniques include waterboarding , which simulates drowning .
Obama has called the practice torture .
Other techniques include keeping the prisoner in " stress positions " for long periods of time , enclosing the prisoner 's head in a box with insects he is told are poisonous , and sleep deprivation .
The administration last week released four lengthy , Bush - era legal memorandums -- one from 2002 and three from 2005 -- that concluded the harsh interrogation techniques did not constitute torture and were not against the law .
Holder also repeated assurances the Obama administration had given CIA interrogators who employed the controversial techniques that they would not be charged .
" The president 's comments were consistent with what we 've said all along .
Those who , in good faith , followed legal guidance they were given will not be prosecuted or investigated , " Holder said .
Sen . Jay Rockefeller , who earlier in the day released a newly declassified timeline -- compiled when he was chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee -- of how the approval for the controversial interrogation techniques played out , said he agreed that CIA operatives should n't face prosecution .
" But I am not prepared to say the same for the senior Bush administration officials who authorized or directed these policies in the first place , " the West Virginia Democrat said .
" The focus for right now should be on finding the facts . "
Several investigations , both internal and external , are under way into the interrogation or related matters , and others are almost certain to be launched , particularly by Congress
The attorney general 's comments came at a public park in Washington where he helped plant a tree to mark the environmental celebration of Earth Day .
All About Eric Holder • Barack Obama
The world needs another instructional guitar tool like it needs another hole in the ozone layer , but in all seriousness , this one is stupendous .
Er , it exhibits remarkable potential , considering that it 's not yet beyond the concept stage .
Designer Eugene Cheong has dreamed up the Maestro , an attachment that can supposedly be adapted to work on any guitar ( of the electric variety , we presume ) and teach you what frets to mash in order to actually become a halfway decent player .
Put simply , the device accepts MP3 files via SD card , and then it breaks down the tunes into tablature which can be displayed via lasers .
Once you see the beams lighting up your fretboard , you mash / strum in order to keep up and " learn " the songs .
We can only hope this thing adds a slowdown mode should it ever hit store shelves , ' cause even the amateur probably does n't want to tackle select Dream Theater tracks at full speed .
[ Via DVICE
CAMPAIGN : Princess Diana meeting AIDS patients
In a stunning breakthrough they have used a long established cancer treatment to help destroy the killer disease .
Researchers have treated one patient using the method and are confident the process will work for other sufferers .
Medics say the use of bone marrow transplants to cure HIV could become common in just five years .
The procedure involves using bone marrow stem cells already used to help beat blood cancers like leukaemia and lymphoma .
The man cured of HIV is 43 years old and had carried the virus for many years .
He was also suffering from leukaemia .
Doctors exchanged his bone marrow with that of a donor with a rare natural resistance to HIV .
It is three years since he was treated and he has no detectable signs of the disease in his body .
Professor Eckhard
Thiel of the Charité University Hospital in Berlin , who led the research , said : “ I can see the day when it might be possible to treat many HIV patients with a bone marrow transplant from people who have this natural resistance to the virus .
“ We are convinced this treatment works .
The patient we treated three years ago is perfectly healthy and we are sure the HIV virus has gone and will not come back .
But we will want to carry out trials on other patients .
“ Our patient is doing very well and is completely clear of the virus and living a normal life . ”
Details of the advance were revealed at the annual meeting of the European Group for Blood and Marrow Transplantation in Gothenburg , Sweden , and published in the New England Journal of Medicine .
German doctors came up with the theory that if they could find a bone marrow donor with HIV resistance , they could achieve a cure .
This was based on studies in the late Nineties which revealed that some people who should have been infected by HIV had not become ill .
In order to infect human blood cells HIV must interact with two ‘ receptors ’ on the surface of a blood cell known as CD4 and CCR5 .
If CCR5 is missing then people with this genetic mutation are naturally highly resistant to HIV infection and the virus cannot enter their cells .
At present treatment will be limited as only three per cent of the world ’s population are immune from HIV .
But experts hope that it will be possible to take the bone marrow from a few donors and grow an inexhaustible supply of stem cells in the laboratory .
That way many thousands of sufferers could be treated .
Around 60,000 people in Britain are thought to be infected with HIV , including an estimated 20,000 who have yet to be diagnosed with the condition .
Globally , 33 million people are living with HIV and it is responsible for causing two million deaths each year .
Professor John Goldman of London ’s Hammersmith Hospital , said : “ This opens up new ways of treating HIV patients .
“ It wo n’t be for everyone because of the limitation on the number of donors in the population who have this natural resistance to HIV .
A new DNA test for the virus that causes cervical cancer does so much better than current methods that some gynecologists hope it will eventually replace the Pap smear in wealthy countries and cruder tests in poor ones .
Not only could the new test for human papillomavirus , or HPV , save lives ; scientists say that women over 30 could drop annual Pap smears and instead have the DNA test just once every 3 , 5 or even 10 years , depending on which expert is asked .
Their optimism is based on an eight - year study of 130,000 women in India financed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and published last week in The New England Journal of Medicine .
It is the first to show that a single screening with the DNA test beats all other methods at preventing advanced cancer and death .
The study is “ another nail in the coffin ” for Pap smears , which will “ soon be of mainly historical interest , ” said Dr. Paul D. Blumenthal , a professor of gynecology at Stanford medical school who has tested screening techniques in Africa and Asia and was not involved in the study .
Super Mario Bros .
A group of college students did one of the first Mario skits posted online :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb4MEZXPDSc[/youtube]
But , leave it to the Japanese to take Mario skits even further :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJMepmfOgU0[/youtube]
Here ’s an oldie but goody from Mega64 .
It ’s not really a skit , but a way to harass the public at GDC in a fun way .
Oh , they got Miyamoto himself !
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ-xsBZ_Nqo[/youtube]
Mario Kart
Here ’s a very famous video of Remi bringing Mario Kart to the streets
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MytfhzcSF-Y[/youtube]
And now , a Mario Kart film made using stop motion .
Although the video does not make sense and lacks on - going sound effects , it ’s still pretty entertaining .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDvxH2fewL0[/youtube]
The world 's second largest social network , MySpace , has found a new partner that may make the relationship between MySpace and Google a little more rocky : Microsoft .
Specifically , MySpace and Microsoft announced today that the MySpace website will be available for Windows Mobile this summer .
In addition , they announced that MySpace would be supporting Microsoft 's Silverlight platform ( a rival to the popular Adobe Flash ) , especially for the creation of applications on its developer platform .
Confused yet ?
It 's a lot of partnerships and technology integration to announce all at once .
It is also a very interesting move for both companies .
This announcement adds a new dynamic to the rivalry between Google and Microsoft : Google already has a multi-million dollar deal with MySpace , while Microsoft owns a small chunk of MySpace rival Facebook and helps power its search and advertising platforms .
It will make these relationships even more complicated and something to watch for over the next year .
MySpace for Windows Mobile
The first announcement was that MySpace would be available for Windows Mobile phones .
MySpace is already available for the iPhone , Blackberry , and even for Google 's Android platform , but has avoided making a version for Windows Mobile until now .
With the advent of a Windows Mobile version , MySpace will be available on almost every mobile smartphone .
The Windows Mobile version of MySpace will be available this summer for Windows Mobile 6.1 phones and for the Windows Mobile Marketplace this fall .
In addition , LG phones will have the MySpace application pre-installed .
Silverlight for MySpace 's OpenSocial Platform
The second major announcement revolved around Silverlight , Microsoft 's challenger to Adobe Flash , which is installed on nearly every computer in the world and runs on popular websites like YouTube .
MySpace and Microsoft have released an Open Source kit that will help developers create applications that utilize Silverlight .
However , there was no announcement about MySpace 's own use of Silverlight .
MySpace Video , one of the worlds largest video website , currently uses Adobe Flash to run its videos .
This could be interesting to watch , especially if the partnership strengthens .
The MySpace / Facebook / Microsoft / Google Relationship
The partnership between MySpace and Microsoft on Silverlight and Windows Mobile are good first steps for fostering a deeper partnership .
The partnership , however , should raise some eyebrows and concerns with the leadership over at Google and Microsoft .
Google paid around $ 900 million dollars for a multi- year search partnership deal with MySpace .
Microsoft paid $ 240 million dollars to buy a small piece of Facebook at a valuation of $ 15 billion dollars .
It also has the rights to run Facebook 's advertising platform and has a search deal with the social networking giant .
Will this new partnership be what breaks the back of the Google - Myspace partnership ?
Will this hurt relations between the Facebook team and Microsoft management ?
The answer to these questions are probably going to be answered in the next few months as the Google - Myspace search deal expires and Facebook continues its explosive growth .
Ritz Camera filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy today .
Nikon is among the largest unsecured creditors with $ 26.6 million ( source ) .
Circuit City 's debt to Nikon was $ 14,926,445 - not sure what % of that was recovered .
No one could have predicted how some people might find this license plate featuring Jesus Christ dying on the cross to be questionable from a separation of church and state perspective :
Florida Governor Charlie Crist laid out these pearls of wisdom on the Jesus Plate issue :
Asked about whether he ’d veto the legislation , Crist said no way .
“ I would not veto those ….
No , I would not , ” Crist said .
So you do n’t have a problem with Jesus on a license plate ?
Crist : “ I do n’t .
No . ”
What about separation of church and state ?
Crist : “ If they do n’t want one they do n’t have to buy one . ”
Is that state endorsement of religion ?
“ I think it … What ’s it say ?
‘ In God We Trust ’ on every single piece of monetary , coins and paper we have ?
I think it ’s fine . ”
The Linux version of Boxee ’s eponymously - named multimedia platform has finally been updated to include several new features introduced into the OS X and Windows versions over the past few months .
Key additions include an “ App Box ” and restored support for Hulu .
Linux Boxee users may be able to upgrade to the new version of Boxee , version 0.9.11.5777M ( April 26 , 2009 build ) , by launching the Update Manager tool ( Menu > System > Administration > Update Manager ) on their Ubuntu systems .
If that does n’t do the trick , you can open up the Synaptic package manager ( Menu > System > Administration > Synaptic ) , search for boxee using the “ Quick Search ” function , and then reinstall it by right - clicking on the program ’s name and marking it for reinstallation .
Using Synaptic to add , remove , and / or update Boxee
( Click image to enlarge )
If all else fails , remove the package ( right - click and mark for removal ) and then install it fresh .
Another approach is via apt - get from the command line , using a string of commands such as …
sudo apt - get update ; apt - get remove boxee ; apt - get clean ; apt - get install boxee
Once updated , Boxee will exhibit an updated skin and a new “ App Box ” through which new applications , including Hulu feeds and more , can be added .
Users can select media sources using Boxee ’s new “ App Box ”
( Click image to enlarge )
Here are a few more screenshots of the new Boxee version :
( Click each thumbnail to enlarge )
( Click each thumbnail to enlarge )
As noted above , the latest release restores support for Hulu , which disappeared several months ago .
Hulu returns to Boxee , but it ’s not as clean as before
( Click image to enlarge )
The new Hulu function is not as clean as the original version , which was more tightely integrated into Boxee ’s excellent and easy - to - use 10 - foot user interface .
The current support for Hulu , an effort to sidestep Hulu ’s content redistribution concerns , leverages Boxee ’s RSS feeds in conjunction with a customized mozilla browser engine that ’s part of the latest Boxee release .
Evidence of this less - integrated approach is seen as Hulu ’s home page momentarily flashes on the screen just prior to Hulu ’s content menu ( shown above ) appearing on the screen .
Still lacking in the latest Linux release , however , is the long - awaited addition of Netflix movie and TV show streaming for subscribers to Netflix ’s monthly service ( with unlimited program streaming available for as little as $ 10 per month ) .
Boxee is available for free download from www.Boxee.tv, and is free to use .
It ’s available in Linux , Windows , Mac OS X , and AppleTV versions .
NAIROBI , Kenya ( CNN ) --
The fight for political reform in Kenya has moved into an unlikely venue -- the nation 's bedrooms .
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki , left , is all smiles with PM Raila Odinga during last year 's swearing - in ceremony but since then relations have soured .
Activists in the East African nation are urging women to withhold sex for a week to protest the growing divide in Kenya 's coalition government .
" We are asking even sex workers to join the cause , even if we have to pay them ourselves , " said Patricia Nyaundi , executive director of the Federation of Women Lawyers in Kenya .
The campaign was organized by G - 10 , an umbrella group for women 's organizations .
It called on the wives of President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga to join the cause .
Odinga 's wife , Ida , told CNN on Thursday that she supports the campaign " 100 percent . "
" I will not get into what my husband thinks , " she said , chuckling , " but I will say leaders need to focus on the things that affect our people , and I hope the publicity from this campaign will raise awareness on those issues . "
The campaign has sparked debate in a conservative nation where discussing sex in public is typically taboo .
" This will accomplish nothing other than embarrass us , " said Martin Kamau , a resident of Nakuru , a major city northwest of the capital .
" We are being punished , and yet we are not the ones causing the problems . "
Kamau plans to plead his case with his wife .
" Seven days is just too much , " he said .
Others were not so worried .
" Seven days is nothing , " one man told KTN , a Nairobi television station .
" I can wait a year . "
People in Kenya have become increasingly frustrated by a shaky coalition government formed in the wake of the post-election violence that killed more than 1,000 people in 2008 .
Relations between Kibaki and Odinga have become frosty , sparking fears of more violence .
" We can not allow our leaders to argue over non-issues while relegating the issues that affect this country to the back burner .
When this happens , women suffer the most , " said Ann Njogu , director of Centers for Rights Education and Awareness , which describes itself as a non-partisan organization that " seeks to empower the society on women 's human rights . "
A government official decried the campaign , saying Kibaki has always been committed to reform .
" We are trying , coalitions all over the world have issues and so do we , " said Francis Mwaka , head of the government 's communications office .
" We have always been focused on addressing problems even before this boycott . "
In addition to targeting politicians , activists say , the campaign aims to draw spouses into the conversation and nudge them into demanding change .
" Major decisions are made during pillow talk , " Nyaundi said .
" We have to make the ultimate sacrifice for the good of this country . "
April 9 , 2009  --
People are logging onto the Internet to read all sorts of dire economic predictions : a new Great Depression , bread lines , riots , you name it .
And with the recession taking hold , many have become addicted to apocalyptic news about the economy .
This sky - is - falling content online has the same sort of can't - look - away quality as a car crash or porn , for which New York magazine has coined the term " pessimism porn . "
One of the stars of this new genre is Gerald Celente , a trends forecaster who 's credited with predicting the fall of the Soviet Union , the war in Iraq , the crash of 1987 , the dot - com bust and , very early on , the housing collapse .
In a 2007 television interview , now running on his Web site , Celente said , " America 's headed for an economic 911 .
This is n't about dark clouds ; this is about reality . "
Another leading purveyor of " pessimism porn " is Peter Schiff -- star of a viral video on YouTube called " Peter Schiff Was Right , " which shows the Euro Pacific Capital president being laughed at on cable shows in 2006 when he said a collapse was coming .
" Most of the profits that people have in real estate are going to vanish , " Schiff cautioned .
" Just like the profits from the dot - com bust back in 2000 .
It 's a fantasy . "
Now , Schiff and Celente are each painting a severe picture of what utter ruin and economic disaster might look like .
" If history 's any guide , you do get the civil unrest , you do get the riots and the looting , " Schiff said .
" Breadlines , protests , tax revolts ... civil unrest , " Celente said .
" Crime like we 've never seen before . "
Celente even thinks that people will be living in self - storage units .
" I mean , homeless numbers are going up already , " he said .
" It 's better than living in a tent or a homeless shelter . "
In case turmoil ensues into full - fledged battle , Celente is trained in close combat .
Preparing for Disaster
Celente is taking steps to protect himself , investing in a German shepherd as a possible guard dog .
" You do n't know what 's going to happen with people losing everything , " Celente said .
" As a Bronx boy , my saying is :
When people lose everything and they have nothing left to lose , they lose it . "
Celente and Schiff 's views are not held by most mainstream economists , but they see themselves as beacons of truth .
" I think it 's better to know the truth and to prepare for it , it 's better -- other than just living in a delusion , " Schiff said .
" If you 're forewarned , you 're better off .
So I think people like that .
They want to know the truth , tired of all the propaganda .
And that 's what they get from me . "
But , why would anyone subject themselves to reading this stuff online ?
Some " pessimism porn " addicts say it makes them feel smarter than the " average Joe . "
Celente know that the news he 's dishing out may be depressing , but he says , it 's part of the job .
" We just put the facts out .
It does n't give us any pleasure , believe me .
Just like a doctor , it would n't give him any pleasure to give you a bad diagnosis , " said Celente .
A reader reports his firm has blocked Internet access to BaselineScenario.com , and his requests to change this policy have so far gone unheeded .
Access to our site has been blocked in the past by China – for reasons that should be obvious ( if you want to pretend there is no global crisis ) .
But what kind of firm would not want its employees to access our macroeconomic analysis , Financial Crisis for Beginners , or your continuing debate about how to handle the world ’s myriad financial sector problems ?
Oh , yes …
Morgan Stanley .
No doubt there is a simple and reasonable explanation that has nothing to do with our views on banks , their executives , and the political power of the financial sector .
And it must be pure coincidence that Morgan Stanley was mentioned in a less than completely positive light during my February interview with Bill Moyers .
Other websites and blogs are routinely blocked by Morgan Stanley , and it surely makes sense for any firm to be careful about what its employees can look at during working hours or over the corporate network .
Still , here are the categories of sites that the firm explicitly blocks – which one includes us ( or your comments ) ?
Abused Drugs
Adult Material
Freeware and Software Download
Gambling
Hacking
Illegal or Questionable
Instant Messaging Internet Communication
Keyloggers
Malicious Web Sites
Military & Extremist
Peer - to - Peer File Sharing
Personal Network Storage and Backup
Personals and Dating
Phishing & Other Frauds
Proxy Avoidance
Racism & Hate
Social Networking and Personal Sites
Spyware
Tasteless
URL Translation Sites
Violence
Web Chat
Web - based Email
Update : This is James .
In the interests of fairness to Morgan Stanley . . .
There is one comment below from a Morgan Stanley employee who says that access to this blog is intermittent .
There is also another comment from an MS employee on Seeking Alpha ’s rebroadcast of this post saying that he or she can read the site .
So it ’s not clear if the blocking is according to policy or is some sort of IT glitch .
IS PRAYER just another kind of friendly conversation ?
Yes , says Uffe Schjødt , who used MRI to scan the brains of 20 devout Christians .
“ It ’s like talking to another human .
We found no evidence of anything mystical . ”
Schjødt , of the University of Aarhus , Denmark , and colleagues , asked volunteers to carry out two tasks involving both religious and “ secular ” activities .
In the first task , they silently recited the Lord ’s Prayer , then a nursery rhyme .
Identical brain areas , typically associated with rehearsal and repetition , were activated .
In the second , they improvised personal prayers before making requests to Santa Claus .
Improvised prayers …
Editor 's Note : On Tuesday , astronomers agreed that this event was most likely caused by a natural meteor .
Click here to read the latest account .
Themysterious boom and flash of light seen over parts of Virginia Sunday night wasnot a meteor , but actually exploding space junk from the second stage of aRussian Soyuz rocket falling back to Earth , according to an official with theU.S. Naval Observatory .
" I'mpretty convinced that what these folks saw was the second stage of the Soyuzrocket that launched the crew up to the space station , " said Geoff Chesterof the Naval Observatory in Washington , D.C .
Residentsof the areas around Norfolk and Virginia Beach , Va. , began calling 911 lastnight with reports of hearing a loudboom and seeing a streak of light that lit up the sky , according to newsreports .
Chesterheard about the incident this morning ; the Naval Observatory gets plenty ofreports of such fireballs and Chester investigated whether it could be a meteoror whether there were " any potential decays of space junkthat were coming up , " he told SPACE.com .
He checkedthe listing for debris that were expected to enter the lower atmosphere fromtheir decaying orbits around this time period and found that second stage ofthe Soyuz rocket that launched last Thursday was slatedto hit during a window that started at 8 p.m. last night .
TheRussian - built Soyuz rocket lifted off Thursday from the Central Asian spaceportof Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to launch a new crew and Americanbillionaire Charles Simonyi - the world 's first two - time space tourist - to the International Space Station .
The spaceflyers arrivedat the space station on Saturday .
Chester ran a satellite tracking programthat showed that the rocket debris should have come down exactly in the areawhere the fireball was spotted .
" Thisis just too much of a coincidence to be coincidence , " he said .
Chestersaid that U.S. Space Surveillance
Network had not yet confirmed that this wasthe case , but said that he was " 99 and four one - hundredths [ percent ] convinced that this is what it is . "
Thedescriptions of the boom and streak of light reported by local residents were " entirely consistent with re-entering space junk , especially somethingthis big , " Chester said .
Deltaairline pilot Bryce Debban reported seeing the streak of light on a flight from Boston to Raleigh - Durham when his plane was about 31,000 feet in the air .
" Wesaw it streak across the sky and then blow up , " Debban told SPACE.com .
" It was brighter than the full moon .
It lit up the cockpit as if it weredaylight . "
JamesZimbelman of the Smithsonian National Air & Space Museum 's Center for Earthand Planetary Sciences said that the explosion being caused by a re-enteringrocket was very plausible .
It " sounds all too reasonable , " he said .
A rocketstage would fragment and explode " just as if it were a meteorite , " hesaid .
And the size of the rocket would explain why the explosion was seen overso wide an area .
The Soyuzrockets jettison their second stage after entering orbit in such a way that thesecond stage will slowly fall back to earth in a few days .
But " you cancontrol precisely where these things are going to come down , " Chester said .
It 'spossible that some fragments of the rocket made it to the Earth 's surface , butthey would likely have a couple of hundreds of miles east of Cape Hatteras , Chester said .
" Ido n't think anybody will find anything on land , " he said .
by earthprince » Dec 19th , '08 , 22:22
Hey guys First , AWESOME community you have here !
Second , I come bearing a long story about the company you may know called " Teavana " .
I worked with Teavana as they opened a new store , and it was a long journey that left me very distressed about the company .
I decided I needed to write up an account of what had happened at my store , because it created a ball of emotion in my gut , and figured you guys might find it a good read .
I 'll warn you now , its LONG .
But its has a lot of little stories , so I hope interesting as well !
It obviously is biased towards my personal experience , and I know not all stores run like mine did .
I know Teavana offers great careers to some awesome people .
But my experience taught me to distrust the entire company , and after the owner of all the stores confronted me in the end , I figured it was serious enough that I could post about it .
Hope you enjoy , I look forward to comments :]
To give my full experience working at Teavana , I think its important to know the “ whole picture ” , and so I ’ll start my story before I even got the job .
I worked in a mall for about three years , with an awesome staff at my store .
My manager was a great person , friendly , understanding , awesome sense of humor , crazy and fun loving .
She got the job done and we had a lot of fun doing it .
She found that Teavana was opening in the mall , and was given several interviews for the store manager position .
In order to become a manager , you are flown to Atlanta , Georgia , the hometown of Teavana , for corporate training .
You meet the owners of the company , a husband and wife who started it all , and from what I was told , it was a lot of work , but very satisfying .
The husband and wife maintained strict standards – even though the company was growing fast , they wanted to know every single manager .
The wife had the deciding factor in everything the stores sold , from tea to teawares .
If she disapproved of it , she would n’t let the stores sell it .
It seemed that this spoke of the personal aspect of Teavana – it was n’t just a corporation , but a store that expanded rapidly and was trying to stick to its principals during that growth .
TRAININGI loved working for my manager at “ Candy Store ” , so I told her I would gladly work for her at Teavana .
I wanted her store to be successful , and I wanted her to be successful .
The assistant manager at “ Candy Store ” also went to work as Teavana ’s assistant manager , and we had another coworker join us as well .
Training was hectic , and started about a week before the store opened .
We were trained by one of the two “ corporate trainers ” , who go around and open the new stores / visit poorly performing stores to revamp the staff .
We had Eugenia , a big girl who had a lot of personality .
The first step was to learn about tea – what it was , the different types , etc .
The training involves learning the differences between the types of tea , and each one is given three main selling points .
Whites have highest antioxidants / great for complexion / may prevent forms of cancer , whereas oolongs as great for metabolism / good for skin teeth and bones because of fluoride , and helps in digestion .
Basic points to explain for each .
This was my first inkling of how Teavana worked – it applied health benefits to each tea , but if you read up on it , all teas have the same properties , just in different amounts .
They are from the same plant , after all .
Teavana is n’t selling tea , but the health benefit marketing behind it .
You do n’t drink an oolong for its notes of complexity , you drink it for weight loss .
You do n’t drink green tea for its rich history , you drink it for your immune system .
After learning the types of tea , we learned the top three teas in each category .
These are specifically based on price .
We learn the three best “ quality ” in each category .
When asked why we needed to know those three , I answered jokingly , “ Because they cost the most ? ” and everyone laughed .
The trainer then went onto explain that it ’s more so because the higher the quality , the higher the health benefit .
The most expensive white tea would give you the best benefits in comparison to the others .
This is where we learned Teavana ’s technique of “ Top - down - selling ” .
You always start by offering the most expensive tea , and work your way down .
If they come in looking for a cheap herbal blend , you start with a white tea to blend it with .
In other words , you are n’t even supposed to sell herbal teas or rooibos if you can , because they are a much lower price point .
We did n’t really learn anything about these types of tea , other than to consider them “ mixers ” .
You were n’t supposed to sell them on their own , and if you did , you were supposed to sell in large quantities to make up for the low cost .
Try ordering just a couple ounces of a rooibos or an herbal tisane and see for yourself .
After being drilled on this , we moved on to tea preparation , or teapots .
The first thing we learned about is the cast iron pots , or “ tetsubin ” .
We spent the most time on this , because it is the “ best ” way to make tea .
There were eight key points for these pots , though some escape my memory since I ’ve left the store .
It ’s main points were its extreme ease of use ( just pull out the strainer and you ’re good to go ) and the fact that it builds up a patina ( layer of minerals ) so it makes the healthiest cup of tea .
They also have the most expensive pricing .
Pots are $ 70 + for smaller ones , $ 150 + for biggest ones , and all cups / coasters / trivets etc. are separate and cost at least ten bucks a piece .
A typical set would cost a couple hundred dollars , so that ’s why half the store is devoted to them .
From there , we learned the other pots the store carries .
Pay attention to how the store is laid out from the point of the cast irons .
We literally started with cast iron on one side , and as you walked along the wall , the different prices of pots would gradually lessen until you reached the other side , where the cheapest pots were .
When someone looks for a teapot , you start with the cast iron , and work your way down by showing them every single type until you hit a price that ’s agreeable .
While cast iron is debatably the “ best ” way to make tea , the next step down according to Teavana are ceramic Juddith Webber pots , which certainly are n’t .
They are ceramic , do not include strainers , and when heated become extremely hot to the touch .
It ’s apparent from this that Teavana is about sales , not getting what ’s best for the different customers .
After this , we learned the “ sampling ” method .
Think of it like a triangle – sample , cast iron , tea counter .
You offer a sample to someone , bring them in to the cast iron ( one of which always holds a “ rare ” tea sample ) and then sell them a pot , then bring them up to the counter to buy tea .
You know how booths in the mall call out to people as they walk by , and harass them to take a look at their products ?
A Teavana is store is the same exact thing – just a glorified sales booth .
Selling tea has to be the most dishonest part of this job .
I ’ll insert how we are supposed to sell the tea :
“ As you can see , our tea is sold by weight .
We do offer several sized containers , but the best value tin is this one here ( show the one pound tin ) .
It ’s airtight and light tight , and will keep your tea fresh for a year .
It ’s an additional seven dollars , but completely reusable .
We ’ll put a label on the front of the tin indicating the type of tea and its brewing instructions .
When I fill this up for you today ( as you start to fill it up ) you will be saving 10 % for getting a pound of tea .
” Basically you mislead the customer into thinking they have to buy a tin to put it in , and do not offer to put it in a ( free ) bag under any circumstance , unless they ask for it .
Sure these tins are airtight / light tight , but they also dent easily and become useless when the lid wo n’t fit on anymore .
I speak from experience .
An old coffee can works just the same , FYI .
You also start by selling the whole pound .
This can range from $ 28 to $ 200 , depending on the tea .
You do n’t stop there , you keep going .
You can “ overcome ” objections by using their techniques of mentioning the pound discount , the health benefits , etc .
You can sometimes sell those pounds , but mostly to stupid people willing to buy anything , thought this seems to be Teavana ’s target demographic .
MY STORYSo back to my story , our store opened with big expectations .
We are somewhat near a really big volume store ( in the center of the big city ) , and for whatever reason our sales goals were the same as theirs .
I ’ve worked in this mall for three years , and I can speak from experience when I say that there is a HUGE difference in the two places .
Also , our store was located at the beginning of the “ new wing ” the mall is adding , with upscale stores .
But this wing does n’t open for another two years and after my store is one or two more and that ’s it .
We were in the dead zone of the mall .
So we opened on a Wednesday with maybe a $ 3,000 goal .
I ca n’t imagine we made it past the first thousand .
I did sell a cast iron pot with my second customer , so I was optimistic .
The next few weeks were n’t so great .
We were scraping by with very low sales , and so we redoubled our efforts and kept trying .
At this point , I was just a sales associate .
One of our key - holders quit within the first few weeks because of the lack of hours .
Our barista had to quit , and slowly but surely our staff dwindled down .
We were lucky to have two sales an hour , because the mall was simply dead during the day .
Our district manager started sending her friends by the store to spy on us , and reported back to her with what they thought we were doing .
Several times these “ reports ” just did n’t make sense , because the people they ’d describe did n’t resemble us , and so it led us to believe these friends were n’t too perceptive .
They did catch the other key - holder reading a book , and so she became the scape - goat by upper management .
Each week we were graded on an A - F scale , and you were supposed to have a B or greater at all times .
It was pretty random , if you lucked out you ’d get an A , if not , you ’d get an F .
Some weeks I ’d luck out with a few good sales , some weeks I would n’t .
I did n’t worry about it – I was a sales associate , and this was n’t my career .
I purposely avoid becoming management because I need my free time for school , not to devote to a company I can’t imagine working for forever .
But my managers were being put under a lot of pressure .
The key - holder that was caught reading a book was fired , because “ she had three F ’s in a row ” , while the real reason is that our district manager needed a scape - goat to blame all our failures on .
I was asked to step up and be a key - holder at this point , and since my manager was a friend , I agreed .
Within just a few weeks , our staff was down to four people .
Manager , assistant manager , myself , and a sales associate .
Ironically , the four of us all came from our previous store .
The last sales associate quit , and we were all pulling long shifts , alone .
We were trying to hire new people , but it turned out really hard to find anyone who seemed worthwhile .
For several weeks , I would work open - to - 4 by myself , or 4 - to - close by myself , because we simply had no people .
I was still working my other part time job ( I never left it ) so I was pulling about 65 hours a week between the two , on top of being a college senior full time .
I was dedicated .
I know the stores sales were n’t what they needed to be , but by god , I was giving it my all .
We lucked out with a few new people , who seemed eager and competent .
A couple stayed through training , though one woman put in her two weeks after just a few days .
She was an older woman just looking for a part time job to supplement her full time one , and as she put it , “ I did n’t realize this job would be so stressful .
I ca n’t make my goals , and I do n’t like feeling like a failure .
With my experience , I can get a job anywhere in this mall , I ’ll work for Sears and deal with no pressure .
” We did expand our arsenal of employees , who did become competent .
But then we were put under a microscope again by upper management , and our original corporate trainer came back to retrain us and find out what was wrong with the store .
She did coach us a little , but spent her time just shifting around merchandise .
She was a fun girl , with an awesome sense of humor , but used that to her advantage .
I almost thought I could consider her an acquaintance outside of work , but I realized she was being nice to try to exploit my friendship .
She asked why I was upset one day , to which I explained that my friend was recently diagnosed with something she will have the rest of her life , and it will be a hard and painful recovery to get back to normal , not that there ever would be a “ normal ” again .
She acted nice , asked about her , and as we were leaving , she started to ask questions more related to the store .
She tried tricking me into admitting I did n’t sample as much as I was supposed to , or that I was n’t doing the entire sales process .
With my defense down , she managed to get me to admit I was disheartened by the stores lack of performance .
I assume what she really wanted was a confession that my manager was doing a poor job , but that simply was n’t the truth .
THE BEGINNING OF THE ENDCorporate trainer Eugenia left , and things kept getting worse .
We ’d receive more and more phone calls from our district manager , and it was apparent our jobs would n’t last .
The Vice President came to visit our store , and he agreed that it was mostly the malls fault , since our mall was dead .
He told us to just do what we could , and wait it out .
This apparently did n’t sit with anyone else in the company .
The other corporate trainer , an incredibly rude woman named Nancy , was sent to our store .
This is when things got really ugly , really fast .
She acted rude , and would watch us as we interacted with customers .
Immediately after each sale , she ’d critique us , and not in a constructive way .
Everything we did was wrong .
For example :
One woman came in , and was n’t sure what she wanted to get someone for a gift .
She wanted a gift set , something that had everything her friend would need to get started with tea .
Of course , I started with the cast iron pots , and worked my way down .
The woman eventually just said outright that she was only spending X amount of money , because that ’s how much she had .
I then took that number , figured out that she could get a cheaper pot ( the cute and inexpensive Beehouse pots ) and a tin of our popular matevana / rooibos chai blend , with a measuring spoon and some sugar .
It came to five cents under her total allotment , and we were both happy .
I got as much money as I could out of her , and she got a nice and complete set .
Go figure , right after the woman left , I was ripped apart .
How dare I take no as an answer to the woman not wanted a cast iron pot !
How dare I accept only a half pound of tea , because at the whole pound they save ten percent .
Could n’t I at least had added some mints for herself ?
The next few paragraphs highlight my few weeks working with Nancy : First – drinks .
If you ’ve visited a Teavana , you may know that they serve cups of tea to go as well .
It ’s a neat idea , mall employees love it , and go figure – Teavana looks down upon selling cups of tea to go .
As Nancy puts it , “ When you sell a cup of tea , you satisfy the need to buy tea .
We do not sell cups to go , we sell tea to take home .
Do not offer if , and talk your way out of it whenever possible . ”
A $ 3 - 5 dollar cup of tea is generally less expensive than the minimum 2 ounces of tea , which is why its looked down on .
My manager at my “ candy store ” came over a lot for cups of tea .
He ’d spent hundreds of dollars in our store , always willing to try what we ’d offer him .
He went over one day to buy just a cup ( he ’d get it instead of coffee from Dunkin Donuts ) and Nancy waited on him .
When he asked for a cup of whatever tea , she ignored him and brought down the tea to show him .
Having already bought some , he told her again he just wanted the cup .
She started explaining the pricing , and how it ’s better to buy it loose to brew at home .
He again explained that he already had it , and he just wanted some to take home .
After a heavy sigh and rolling of her eyes , she agreed to make it for him .
He ’s since vowed never to spend any more money there .
Second – attitude .
Nancy brought a new way to sell tea – the spiel I wrote down earlier .
It was a new wording , and as such she tried to teach it to us all .
I worked one night with Nancy and another sales associate girl .
The sales associate was being taught by Nancy the new way to sell tea , and I was told to man the sample cart .
So I did .
A few minutes later , after no one had even walked by , a friend came by who always bought a cup of tea from me .
She walked in , I turned , and saw that my coworkers were not taking a break from their training to help my friend , so I came around the counter and did it myself .
I made her tea , chatted her up a bit , and sent her on her way .
Immediately after , Nancy told me to follow her out back .
I did , knowing I was somehow in trouble .
This is the conversation that ensued :
Nancy :
What just happened right then , that cannot happen again .
Me : What ?
What happened ?
Nancy :
You did n’t do what I told you to .
I do n’t work in that kind of environment .
Me : What are you talking about ?
What did you tell me to do ?
Nancy : I told you to sample , and you did n’t .
I do n’t know how you think it works here , but when your superior tells you to do something , you do it .
I do n’t work in the kind of environment where that does n’t happen .
If you ca n’t understand that , we ’re going to be having a different kind of conversation .
Nancy seemed to thrive off being rude .
After she ’d say something rude , she continued her work and hum to herself with a grin on her face .
She harassed my coworker to fill in shifts that she could n’t , so bad that my coworker just walked out and never came back .
She told another girl that she was incompetent and contributing nothing because she was n’t selling tea correctly … even though this girl had not been retrained with the new way to do it yet .
Last , she was simply misleading .
She would tell her bosses that we ’d say one thing , when he had n’t said anything .
She told us that when scooping tea , make big scoops , and always go over how much was asked for , because most people will say its fine when you ask if the overage is okay .
While it is n’t illegal , she was certainly unethical .
Third – the assistant manager .
We knew that our assistant manager was bound to be on his way out .
It was apparent when corporate * BOO *
Nancy did n’t say anything to her , ever .
Not even when he did things wrong , which she seemed to love correcting .
She said she ’d fire him , yet left when he was due to come in .
When he walked by later on , she ignored him completely .
On this note , I ’ll mention that she did talk to me about working at the company even with the changes .
I told her the truth .
I was upset that some people were leaving or had left , and I would miss them , but I had put a lot of time and energy into running that store and wanted to make sure it stayed successful .
She told me that was fine , they wanted me to stay .
Oh how that changed .
The next and perhaps most important part of this story is that my manager found a new job .
She put in her two weeks notice .
I was ecstatic for her , because it was better paying , a lot cooler , and sure to be less stressful .
This also prompted the OWNERS of the company , the husband and wife , to decide to visit our store for a week .
I expected them to have a conversation with me about my plans with the company – if I wanted to stay despite being the last person from the original staff , what they would expect from me , and stuff like that .
No such conversation occurred .
I introduced myself , but other than that , they simply ignored me .
Strike that – I was talking to a customer about something while having a cup of tea in my hand – and the owner , a man named Andy , came over and took it out of my hand , and walked away .
He later mentioned something about us not having them on the floor … which is fine , but everyone else always did it and he did n’t correct them .
In any event , the husband and wife continued to ignore me , but I did n’t mind .
They were supposedly the nicest people , so I figured I just interpreted their silence towards me wrong , since I was nervous about being fired .
This all changed one Sunday morning .
I was set to arrive an hour before the store opened and prep for the day .
I did , and soon after so did a new woman who was just hired .
Nancy had gone on a hiring spree , and was continuously forgetting who was coming in and when .
I did n’t know what to do with her , so I tried finding her a training manual , and that wasted some time .
Our new manager ( though at the time , just a manager in training ) came in shortly after , and distracted me some more .
I was making the samples , but the two main samples were leaking .
They are held in machines that have nozzles , and the nozzles just kept leaking despite my repeated attempts to fix them .
It happened every couple weeks , and usually just needed the nozzles to be taken off and firmly put back on .
But it would n’t stop leaking .
So I decide any sample is better than none , and switched what samples went in what machines .
In doing so , I had to take off the labels , indicating what type of tea was in it , but knew it was n’t a problem since we got a box of new labels just the other day .
So I do that , and go figure the labels are gone .
Nowhere to be found .
I keep working on fixing the leaks as we open , and my coworkers man the floor .
Shortly after , Andy and Nancy Mack ( not corporate trainer Nancy ) , owners of Teavana , came into the store .
They noticed the sample cart was not filled automatically .
They asked , and I explained the entire situation .
They did n’t seem pleased , but said nothing else .
I kept working on trying to fix the sample holders , and the owners / new manager started having a discussion outside the store .
Nancy
Mack came in to help me figure out why they were leaking , and we found out why – behind the nozzles ( when you take them off ) are two pieces , a rubber O ring , and a little plastic stopper .
Both plastic stoppers were missing .
Nancy
Mack asked me where they were , and I said I did n’t know .
She told me that they could n’t have just come off , and asked who washed them the night before .
I told her I had , since I had .
I told her I ’d check the sink again , and she left to go talk again with her husband .
I told her that I was sorry for the mistake , and was very embarrassed over the whole situation .
I look around some more , but of course it ’s not in the sink .
I have no idea where it was .
I was checking under the sink , behind the fridges , figuring they had to be somewhere .
I washed them per usual last night , and there are grates in the sink so they ca n’t go down the drains .
The owner , Andy Mack , came back and asked me where the plastic stoppers where .
I said I did n’t know .
He got angry , and told me I was lying , and that he was “ sick of the bullshit ” .
He said that he knew our current manager was leaving , but he owns the store and wants to take it in a new direction .
He accused me of deliberately sabotaging the store , and that he did n’t understand how the plastic pieces could go missing , and that he “ wanted them found ” .
He left , and I stood in the back room , alone and stunned .
The owner of the entire company , a “ great guy ” who was very friendly , had confirmed he in fact did not like me despite not knowing me .
I took a minute to think , and decided to look one last time .
Looked in the sink again , not there .
Looked around the floor .
Nowhere to be found .
I was accused of stealing them , which I did not .
I thought to myself – if I wanted to sabotage this store , I ’d do something a lot cooler than steal a little plastic stopper .
It was hard , but I knew my time with the company was over .
I went into the bathroom , and took down a letter an old coworker who moved away left us , offering us a place to stay where she lived if we were in the area .
I figured I was the last person it applied to , and it was no longer needed .
Thinking about how much time and effort I put into that store , I pulled out my keys , and took off my key to the store .
My last thought was that I had just taken out a loan for school the day prior … and I really needed the job .
But I knew that even if I stayed I was probably a target to get fired , so I might as well just quit knowing I did it for the right reasons .
I took my key , walked to the front , and gave it to the owner , telling him I was n’t comfortable working there anymore , and that I wished him the best of luck .
He asked me to step out back with him , so I figured I could give him that since I was leaving without a two week notice .
He gave me a rundown of what I assume was my “ you ’re fired ” speech .
He accused me of stealing the plastic stoppers again .
He told me that they had confirmed what they thought was true – that I was trading free to tea to mall employees I worked with at my other job in the mall , for free chocolate ( I work at a candy store as well ) .
He accused me of giving my coworkers at “ candy store ” free tea , in exchange for free chocolates from “ candy store ” , which I also work at and get the chocolates for free .
I told him how ridiculous that was – why would I steal from one job to trade / steal at my other , when I got both products for free ?
He did n’t care , because they had “ traced ” cups going over to my other store .
Not sure what that meant , but whatever .
He claimed that “ half the mall ” was getting free tea ( not true ) and that several managers had approached them about it .
Right .
So I again told him that I wished him luck with his company and this store , and I hoped that he could revitalize the business and make it successful .
Clocked out , wished the new manager the best of luck , and told my coworker that I was leaving .
She was 50 /50 on leaving herself , and so I told her to just come visit me down the hall sometime .
As I walked out , Andy the owner again called me over , wanting to check my bag .
He found a notebook , three pens , and an iPod .
I felt humiliated , having gone through that in front of a store of customers , some of which were regulars I ’d gotten to know .
I felt extremely distressed , having given so much to that store and company , having sacrificed so much to just keep it running , and ended up with such an ending .
I called my manager on my way out of the mall , and she said she planned on just giving them her key that day too .
Despite having given her two weeks , the upper management was now ignoring her and acting as though she were a sales associate , and ignoring her .
She felt she had put in enough .
We wished each other well , and I spent my Sunday home , and for the first time in months , completed an assignment on time !
I thought it ended there , but it did n’t .
The assistant manager got his old job at my candy story back , so we were still working together .
The owner of Teavana stopped in our store one day , and told him he was n’t allowed in Teavana unless he were buying something , otherwise security would be called because he was there to “ demoralize ” the staff .
That was pretty rude , but whatever .
I also found out that Nancy had told people I had stolen money , because there had been sixty dollars missing one day .
Go figure , they found it in the safe .
Also , those plastic stoppers I supposedly stole ?
Found out from my coworker that we never had them to begin with .
That ’s right .
Before we even opened the store months ago , those pieces were never even sent to us .
If you actually washed the sample machines thoroughly and took off the nozzle ( which I always did ) , the suction left and it took time to build back up and prevent leaks .
Go figure , it leaked because I had actually cleaned it properly .
Now that is a lot of story to have read , and if you did , thank you for your time !
I know a lot of my story was anecdotal and certainly biased in my opinions , but I think it ’s a fair representation of how my store ran .
I truly believed in both the company and the store , and expending long shifts and lost many hours of sleep for it .
I felt passionate about it , and as the company described , it wanted people who went above their training , who had an “ active interest ” in tea .
I did , because it was an interesting and very rewarding hobby .
The training manual offers a letter from Nancy and Andy Mack , who say , “ We are looking for people with great integrity , leadership drive , and who are plain old hard workers . ”
I had the most sincere integrity , and one of my biggest regrets is that I was n’t able to give a two weeks notice when I quit .
I did n’t want to be a key - holder because it meant more responsibility and time , which I did not have , but I did it for the sake of the store and my managers .
I ’m pretty sure that somehow fits in with leadership .
I dedicated my entire life for several months to this job , giving up any social life I once had , and am only now getting back in touch with my friends and family I had missed out on because of how busy I was with trying to make the store successful .
I ’m damn sure that I was a good and hard worker .
I do n’t mean to depict myself as a model employee , because I had faults like any employee does , but I gave it my all .
In conclusion , I would encourage you all to not frequent the Teavana Company .
It is a company that bases its sales process on misleading you into what it considers the “ best ” .
It is a sales intense store , which contradicts with the natural essence of tea – a relaxing and heartening beverage that soothes the soul .
It seeks to build its image as the worlds premier retailer in tea , but uses average grade quality teas .
Teavana faces a big challenge – how does a company market fresh and loose tea to a country where soda is the more poplar drink , and to people who did n’t even know tea was such a diverse subject .
In order to do this , Teavana markets the hell out of its products , partially by making unsubstantiated claims about its products .
It offers an unfriendly work environment .
While it carries some great looking products , I would recommend anyone who is drawn in by the stores zen allure to step back , and look into the products on their own accord .
Take a look online at some tea retailers .
Read a book about it , and do n’t be afraid by the big and overwhelming idea of tea .
I started off overwhelmed , but do n’t worry about learning about it all at once .
It ’s just tea .
The head of the Republican Party is toast , says Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell , Chairman of the National Governors Association .
Is that clear ?
In an interview with GQ magazine , published online , Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said abortion was “ an individual choice . ”
On Thursday , he issued a clarifying statement saying , “ I am pro-life , always have been , always will be . ”
Steele ’s gaffe on a major issue for conservatives will be politically fatal , predicted Rendell , who in the past served as chairman of the Democratic Party .
“ I just do n’t think the forces that control the Republican Party really want a big tent , ” Rendell said at a lunch for Washington reporters sponsored by the Monitor .
“ Do they want a chairman who is basically pro-choice ?
Not on your life .
They wo n’t permit it . ”
No big tent
The two - term Democratic Governor added that , “ I do n’t think the people who control the party -- not Republican voters -- but the people who control the party just are n’t going to allow that ideological flexibility .
So I think Michael Steele ’s days are numbered , fortunately for us . ”
Rendell called Steele “ an engaging personality . ”
Rendell also spoke with passion about the economic stimulus program recently passed by Congress and signed by President Obama .
Ensuring the effective use of the $ 787 billion will be “ the biggest test of government in my lifetime , ” Rendell said .
“ And I have been in government since I was 33 , 32 years ago , and I believe in it ... I do n’t want to see this fail . ”
Let 's do more
The spokesman for the nation ’s governors differed with those who say President Obama is trying to do too much all at once , scattering his fire .
“ This is the worst crisis we have faced at least in our lifetime .
Are we capable of doing a lot of things ?
Yes we are .
It is n’t all rocket science .
Can we make decisions ?
Can we put the partisanship aside ?
Can we put aside our own little personal fiefdoms ?
Those are the tougher issues , ” Rendell said .
While calling the current stimulus program “ too small , ” Rendell nevertheless argued for waiting before trying to get Congress to pass additional funds .
“ If I were a Congressman or Senator ... I ’d want to see how this stimulus worked for a little while before I would vote for another one .
I think that is fair , " he said .
Great , but unemployed
Bailing out banks and insurance companies may be unpopular with voters , Rendell said .
But he urged the long view .
“ If the bailouts are the right thing to do , we have got to do them , hopefully explain them well , but take the consequences .
This situation is so bad .
If Barack Obama did unpopular things that helped us get out of this , and cost him reelection , I think he would go down as a great American president , ” Rendell said .
By Eric Elfman
Hard work and dedication have their time and place , but the values of failure and ineptitude have gone unappreciated for far too long .
They say that patience is a virtue , but the following eight inventions prove that laziness , slovenliness , clumsiness and pure stupidity can be virtues , too .
1. Anesthesia ( 1844 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Recreational drug use
Lesson Learned :
Too much of a good thing can sometimes be , well , a good thing
Nitrous oxide was discovered in 1772 , but for decades the gas was considered no more than a party toy .
People knew that inhaling a little of it would make you laugh ( hence the name " laughing gas "  ) , and that inhaling a little more of it would knock you unconscious .
But for some reason , it had n't occurred to anyone that such a property might be useful in , say , surgical operations .
Finally , in 1844 , a dentist in Hartford , Conn. , named Horace Wells came upon the idea after witnessing a nitrous mishap at a party .
High on the gas , a friend of Wells fell and suffered a deep gash in his leg , but he did n't feel a thing .
In fact , he did n't know he'd been seriously injured until someone pointed out the blood pooling at his feet .
To test his theory , Wells arranged an experiment with himself as the guinea pig .
He knocked himself out by inhaling a large does of nitrous oxide , and then had a dentist extract a rotten tooth from his mouth .
When Wells came to , his tooth had been pulled painlessly .
To share his discovery with the scientific world , he arranged to perform a similar demonstration with a willing patient in the amphitheatre of the Massachusetts General Hospital .
But things did n't exactly go as planned .
Not yet knowing enough about the time it took for the gas to kick in , Wells pulled out the man 's tooth a little prematurely , and the patient screamed in pain .
Wells was disgraced and soon left the profession .
Later , after being jailed while high on chloroform , he committed suicide .
It was n't until 1864 that the American Dental Association formally recognized him for his discovery .
2. Iodine ( 1811 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Industrial accident
Lesson Learned : Seaweed is worth its weight in salt
In the early 19th century , Bernard Courtois was the toast of Paris .
He had a factory that produced saltpeter ( potassium nitrate ) , which was a key ingredient in ammunition , and thus a hot commodity in Napoleon 's France .
On top of that , Courtois had figured out how to fatten his profits and get his saltpeter potassium for next to nothing .
He simply took it straight from the seaweed that washed up daily on the shores .
All he had to do was collect it , burn it , and extract the potassium from the ashes .
One day , while his workers were cleaning the tanks used for extracting potassium , they accidentally used a stronger acid than usual .
Before they could say " sacre bleu ! , "  mysterious clouds billowed from the tank .
When the smoke cleared , Courtois noticed dark crystals on all the surfaces that had come into contact with the fumes .
When he had them analyzed , they turned out to be a previously unknown element , which he named iodine , after the Greek word for " violet . " 
Iodine , plentiful in saltwater , is concentrated in seaweed .
It was soon discovered that goiters , enlargements of the thyroid gland , were caused by a lack of iodine in the diet .
So , in addition to its other uses , iodine is now routinely added to table salt .
3. Penicillin ( 1928 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Living like a pig
Lesson Learned :
It helps to gripe to your friends about your job
Scottish scientist Alexander Fleming had a , shall we say , relaxed attitude toward a clean working environment .
His desk was often littered with small glass dishes — a fact that is fairly alarming considering that they were filled with bacteria cultures scraped from boils , abscesses and infections .
Fleming allowed the cultures to sit around for weeks , hoping something interesting would turn up , or perhaps that someone else would clear them away .
Finally one day , Fleming decided to clean the bacteria - filled dishes and dumped them into a tub of disinfectant .
His discovery was about to be washed away when a friend happened to drop by the lab to chat with the scientist .
During their discussion , Fleming griped good - naturedly about all the work he had to do and dramatized the point by grabbing the top dish in the tub , which was ( fortunately ) still above the surface of the water and cleaning agent .
As he did , Fleming suddenly noticed a dab of fungus on one side of the dish , which had killed the bacteria nearby .
The fungus turned out to be a rare strain of penicillium that had drifted onto the dish from an open window .
Fleming began testing the fungus and found that it killed deadly bacteria , yet was harmless to human tissue .
However , Fleming was unable to produce it in any significant quantity and did n't believe it would be effective in treating disease .
Consequently , he downplayed its potential in a paper he presented to the scientific community .
Penicillin might have ended there as little more than a medical footnote , but luckily , a decade later , another team of scientists followed up on Fleming 's lead .
Using more sophisticated techniques , they were able to successfully produce one of the most life - saving drugs in modern medicine .
4. The Telephone ( 1876 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Poor foreign language skills
Lesson Learned : A little German is better than none
In the 1870s , engineers were working to find a way to send multiple messages over one telegraph wire at the same time .
Intrigued by the challenge , Alexander Graham Bell began experimenting with possible solutions .
After reading a book by Hermann Von Helmholtz , Bell got the idea to send sounds simultaneously over a wire instead .
But as it turns out , Bell 's German was a little rusty , and the author had mentioned nothing about the transmission of sound via wire .
Too late for Bell though ; the inspiration was there , and he had already set out to do it .
The task proved much more difficult than Bell had imagined .
He and his mechanic , Thomas Watson , struggled to build a device that could transmit sound .
They finally succeeded , however , and came up with the telephone .
5. Photography ( 1835 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Not doing the dishes
Lesson Learned :
Put off today what you can do tomorrow
Between 1829 and 1835 , Louis Jacques Mandé Daguerre was close to becoming the first person to develop a practical process for producing photographs .
But he was n't home yet .
Daguerre had figured out how to expose an image onto highly polished plates covered with silver iodide , a substance known to be sensitive to light .
However , the images he was producing on these polished plates were barely visible , and he did n't know how to make them darker .
After producing yet another disappointing image one day , Daguerre tossed the silverized plate in his chemical cabinet , intending to clean it off later .
But when he went back a few days later , the image had darkened to the point where it was perfectly visible .
Daguerre realized that one of the chemicals in the cabinet had somehow reacted with the silver iodide , but he had no way of know which one it was , and there were a whole lot of chemicals in that cabinet .
For weeks , Daguerre took one chemical out of the cabinet every day and put in a newly exposed plate .
But every day , he found a less - than - satisfactory image .
Finally , as he was testing the very last chemical , he got the idea to put the plate in the now - empty cabinet , as he had done the first time .
Sure enough , the image on the plate darkened .
Daguerre carefully examined the shelves of the cabinet and found what he was looking for .
Weeks earlier , a thermometer in the cabinet had broken , and Daguerre ( being the slob that he was ) did n't clean up the mess very well , leaving a few drops of mercury on the shelf .
Turns out , it was the mercury vapor interacting with the silver iodide that produced the darker image .
Daguerre incorporated mercury vapor into his process , and the Daguerreotype photograph was born .
6. Mauve Dye ( 1856 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Delusions of grandeur
Lesson Learned : Real men wear mauve
In 1856 , an 18 - year - old British chemistry student named William Perkin attempted to develop a synthetic version of quinine , the drug commonly used to treat malaria .
It was a noble cause , but the problem was , he had no idea what he was doing .
Perkin started by mixing aniline ( a colorless , oily liquid derived from coal - tar , a waste product of the steel industry ) with propylene gas and potassium dichromate .
It 's a wonder he did n't blow himself to bits , but the result was just a disappointing black mass stuck to the bottom of his flask .
As Perkin started to wash out the container , he noticed that the black substance turned the water purple , and after playing with it some more , he discovered that the purple liquid could be used to dye cloth .
With financial backing from his wealthy father , Perkin began a dye - making business , and his synthetic mauve colorant soon became popular .
Up until the time of Perkin 's discovery , natural purple dye had to be extracted from Mediterranean mollusks , making it extremely expensive .
Perkin 's cheap coloring not only jumpstarted the synthetic dye industry ( and gave birth to the colors used in J.Crew catalogs ) , it also sparked the growth of the entire field of organic chemistry .
7. Nylon ( 1934 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Workplace procrastination
Lesson Learned :
When the cat 's away , the mice should play
In 1934 , researchers at DuPont were charged with developing synthetic silk .
But after months of hard work , they still had n't found what they were looking for , and the head of the project , Wallace Hume Carothers , was considering calling it quits .
The closest they had come was creating a liquid polymer that seemed chemically similar to silk , but in its liquid form was n't very useful .
Deterred , the researchers began testing other , seemingly more promising substances called polyesters .
One day , a young ( and apparently bored ) scientist in the group noticed that if he gathered a small glob of polyester on a glass stirring rod , he could use it to pull thin strands of the material from the beaker .
And for some reason ( prolonged exposure to polyester fumes , perhaps ? ) he found this hilarious .
So on a day when boss - man Carothers was out of the lab , the young researcher and his co-workers started horsing around and decided to have a competition to see who could draw the longest threads from the beaker .
As they raced down the hallway with the stirring rods , it dawned on them :
By stretching the substance into strands , they were actually re-orienting the molecules and making the liquid material solid .
Ultimately , they determined that the polyesters they were playing with could n't be used in textiles , like DuPont wanted , so they turned to their previously unsuccessful silk - like polymer .
Unlike the polyester , it could be drawn into solid strands that were strong enough to be woven .
This was the first completely synthetic fiber , and they named the material Nylon .
8. Vulcanized Rubber ( 1844 )
Mistake Leading to Discovery : Obsession combined with butterfingers
Lesson Learned : A little clumsiness can go a long way
In the early 19th century , natural rubber was relatively useless .
It melted in hot weather and became brittle in the cold .
Plenty of people had tried to " cure "  rubber so it would be impervious to temperature changes , but no one had succeeded " – that is , until Charles Goodyear stepped in ( or so he claims ) .
According to his own version of the tale , the struggling businessman became obsessed with solving the riddle of rubber , and began mixing rubber with sulfur over a stove .
One day , he accidentally spilled some of the mixture onto the hot surface , and when it charred like a piece of leather instead of melting , he knew he was onto something .
The truth , according to well - documented sources , is somewhat different .
Apparently , Goodyear learned the secret of combining rubber and sulfur from another early experimenter .
And it was one of his partners who accidentally dropped a piece of fabric impregnated with the rubber and sulfur mixture onto a hot stove .
But it was Goodyear who recognized the significance of what happened , and he spent months trying to find the perfect combination of rubber , sulfur and high heat .
( Goodyear also took credit for coining the term " vulcanization "  for the process , but the word was actually first used by an English competitor . )
Goodyear received a patent for the process in 1844 , but spent the rest of his life defending his right to the discovery .
Consequently , he never grew rich and , in fact , wound up in debtors prison more than once .
Ironically , rubber became a hugely profitable industry years later , with the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. at the forefront .
This article originally appeared in a 2009 issue of mental_floss magazine .
At this point in life , Linda Juarez expected to have five years of equity in her house , a secure future for her family and a viable stake in the American dream .
But that ’s not how the story has played out .
Her home ’s value has withered , her husband was laid off and rehired for less pay and grand dreams have given way to more modest expectations .
Recently , those amounted to securing a frozen chicken for dinner so her children would be spared another night of canned green beans and ramen noodles .
“ It ’s the last thing you expect , ” she said .
“ You work hard , you are raised in a good family and then this . ”
Advertisement
Juarez , 38 , was waiting in a long line of cars that began forming before dawn recently outside a Murrieta food pantry .
Housewives , real estate agents , soldiers and businessmen sat with the windows up and eyes fixed straight ahead .
For many , pride has taken a back seat to survival .
“ I used to spend $ 160 every two weeks for food .
Now it ’s $ 50 every two weeks , ” said Glenn Garrett , 36 , a laid - off construction foreman with three children .
“ But I ’m still a dad , and it ’s still my responsibility to put food on the table . ”
Here in southwest Riverside County , where foreclosures and unemployment have taken an enormous toll , one of the biggest casualties has been the middle class , which is rapidly becoming the new poor .
Advertisement
“ This is more of a middle - class recession than any before because of the housing component and because the shutdown of the financial system has spread into the service and construction sector where you have a lot of the better jobs , ” said John Husing of Economics & Politics Inc. , a regional economic research firm .
“ Recessions usually fall on those at the bottom , but now all tiers of society are being hurt . ”
Few places illustrate that better than Murrieta , a tidy city of about 100,000 with a median family income of $ 85,439 , according to the 2007 census .
The community is known for good schools , low crime and conservative politics .
Many residents are professionals who work in San Diego .
During the housing boom , people flocked here for big homes at rates the banks made affordable -- temporarily .
When the crash came , it hit hard .
According to RealtyTrac , an Irvine - based company that monitors foreclosures , Murrieta had 6,928 foreclosure filings over the last year .
Unemployment has risen to 8.3 % , while Riverside County ’s as a whole stands at 12.6 % , state labor statistics show .
Advertisement
The Community Food Pantry of Murrieta went from helping 100 families a week last year to 400 a week now .
“ When construction started going down , we began seeing all the construction workers coming , ” said Sonia Strong , the pantry ’s director of family outreach .
“ Then we started seeing real estate agents .
Then it was the military coming back from Iraq . ”
She estimates that 30 % of those needing help are in foreclosure .
“ All it takes is one sick child and we will be on the other side of that line , ” she said , thumbing through files of new applicants seeking aid .
“ I have watched grown men sit here and cry because they can’t provide for their families . ”
Advertisement
The need is so great , she said , that the pantry will soon be processing food stamp applications as part of a national pilot program .
City officials are looking into building a shelter , a big step in a place that traditionally had few homeless .
“ It has been prompted by the number of people going to the food pantry and looking for temporary shelter , ” said Mayor Gary Thomasian .
“ We have to do something other than just hand out food . ”
Many people are still hanging on , struggling to make mortgage payments as salaries are cut and furloughs mandated .
Advertisement
Barely a mile from the pantry , Christopher Adigwu sat inside his spacious six - bedroom house one morning , crunching numbers and trying desperately to find a way to reduce his mortgage .
“ I feel like crying , ” he said over and over .
“ I ca n’t sleep at night . ”
Adigwu moved here from San Diego in 2003 , attracted to a high - end golf community that featured “ executive ” homes on streets with names such as Masters , Back Nine and Serenity .
The garages even came with little slots to park golf carts .
“ Hundreds of people lined up for these homes .
There were lines around the corner , ” he said .
“ Can you believe that ?
I lined up as well , with my chair . ”
Advertisement
Adigwu paid $ 550,000 for his house , emptying his savings for the $ 100,000 down payment .
Now it ’s worth about $ 300,000 .
Hopping into his SUV , Adigwu cruised his neatly kept street .
“ This is foreclosed , this is foreclosed and now being rented , that is foreclosed , ” he said , pointing out house after house .
“ That one was foreclosed and bought at auction .
That one on the corner has been on the market for two years now . ”
Adigwu , a Nigerian immigrant , has been forced to take unpaid furloughs from his job with the state Department of Social Services , making it harder to cover the $ 2,800 monthly mortgage payment .
His wife , a nurse , works 12 - hour shifts , five days a week , to pick up the slack .
They have two children , one in college .
Advertisement
As he looked around his home , at the $ 30,000 he sank into the yard and side wall , at the roses he lovingly cultivated , Adigwu said he felt hope draining away .
“ When we came here , it was the American dream .
My friends would say I was living in the country of God almighty , ” he said .
“ I felt a great deal of pride -- but now I feel like a sucker . ”
Not all the news is bad .
Foreclosed houses are selling so fast that Forbes.com recently dubbed Murrieta “ America ’s Post Sub - prime Boom Town . ”
That ’s great for buyers but little consolation to owners watching their home values plummet .
Advertisement
Anthony Tessier , 65 , ca n’t even do that .
He was foreclosed on last year after trying in vain to keep his elder - care business afloat .
He supports his family with his Social Security check and by working three days a week as a handyman at St. Martha Church .
A parishioner co-signed the lease on the house he ’s renting and the priest helped with the deposit .
“ If you stand on pride , you only hurt yourself , ” Tessier said .
Dee Swanson , who supervises volunteers at the food pantry , understands pride .
She sees it crumble every day .
Advertisement
“ You meet people almost in tears because they never had to ask for help , ” she said .
Swanson hurried about the busy warehouse early one morning as workers filled grocery bags with tuna , peanut butter , beans and spaghetti .
Cars pulled up and food was dropped into trunks .
Everyone in line had to meet income requirements .
A family of four , for example , could n’t make more than $ 47,350 a year .
After waiting more than an hour , Linda Juarez had almost reached the loading dock .
She and her family moved to Murrieta from Los Angeles in 2003 .
Advertisement
“ Murrieta was nice and clean , it did n’t have the graffiti or the lowlifes , ” she said .
“ There were n’t sex offenders all over the place .
The schools were phenomenal . ”
They bought a house for $ 345,000 that ’s worth about $ 245,000 now , she said .
After being laid off at a laboratory , her husband was rehired in a quality - control position at 30 % less pay .
“ I tell my husband things will get better because I can’t bring myself to think they will get worse , ” said the mother of two children , ages 7 and 12 .
Her friend , Dreama McNatt , 46 , sitting beside her , said her husband was laid off from his $ 90,000 - a- year job as a nuclear safety officer .
His new job pays just $ 30,000 .
The couple have three adopted children and are behind on the mortgage .
Advertisement
“ My husband cries sometimes .
Since he lost his job , he has changed and his outlook is really negative , ” McNatt said .
She and Juarez said they routinely go a day or two without food so their children can eat .
The car finally reached a volunteer , who handed over several bags of groceries .
For the first time , the women ’s eyes brightened .
Advertisement
“ Oh , I got a vegetable tray and a watermelon ! ” Juarez exclaimed .
McNatt studied her bag closely , then declared : “ Eggs! Good . ”
--
david.kelly@latimes.com
Brushing aside international criticism , Israel demolished a Palestinian house in East Jerusalem in the latest in a series of actions that critics say is racheting up tensions in the city , harming chances for a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Ammar Hudidon , a resident of the Jebel Mukaber neighbourhood and a father of seven children , said a bulldozer flattened his home yesterday after the Jerusalem municipality said he lacked building permits .
Palestinians complain that the permits are virtually impossible to obtain .
A municipality spokesman stressed that the demolition was " conducted completely under the auspices of the Interior Ministry and the government of Israel " and was not ordered by the Mayor , Nir Barkat .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It comes a day after President Barack Obama called on Israelis and Palestinians to take measures to promote peacemaking and two days after a Jerusalem planning committee approved a building project for the headquarters of an Israeli settlement group in Sheikh Jarrah , a Palestinian area which Jewish settlers are increasingly penetrating .
Israel views East Jerusalem , annexed in 1967 , as part of its capital but the annexation is considered illegal by most of the international community .
Moshe Yogev , the treasurer of the Amana Settler Movement , said the building site is close to existing Israeli national police headquarters and government offices in Sheikh Jarrah .
" It is not as if we are going there to establish a fact on the ground , " he said .
Mr Yogev said the plan took 14 years to work its way through government and city committees .
He was not sure if the settler group would follow through with moving its headquarters there .
" We have n't decided yet , " he said .
Other Israeli changes in Sheikh Jarrah include plans to evict two large families from homes they have occupied for more than 50 years on the grounds that they are not legal owners .
It is believed their dwellings will be given over to settlers .
Plans to demolish 88 Palestinian homes in the Silwan neighbourhood are temporarily on hold as a result of international pressure .
A British diplomat criticised the Israeli steps last night .
" They [ the new Israeli government ] asked us for a pause while they formulate policy but if there will be a pause in the peace process there also needs to be a pause in the actions we are seeing in East Jerusalem .
Such steps contradict Israel 's stated goal of peace , " the diplomat said .
With the exception of his elderly housekeeper Miss Agda who he treats almost like a surrogate platonic wife , widowed seventy - eight year old Dr. Isak Borg , a former medical doctor and professor , has retreated from any human contact , partly his own want but partly the decision of others who do not want to spend time with him because of his cold demeanor .
He is traveling from his home in Stockholm to Lund to accept an honorary degree .
Instead of flying as was the original plan , he decides to take the day long drive instead .
Along for the ride is his daughter - in - law Marianne , who had been staying with him for the month but has now decided to go home .
The many stops and encounters along the way make him reminisce about various parts of his life .
Those stops which make him reminisce directly are at his childhood summer home , at the home of his equally emotionally cold mother , and at a gas station where the attendants praise him as a man for his work .
But the lives of other people they ...
Written by Huggo
HAVING inherited a booming economy when he led Australia 's Labor Party to power in late 2007 , Kevin Rudd predicted optimistically last October that his country would avoid a recession during the global downturn .
Now he is sounding more worried , and acting more defensively .
This week he announced a stimulus package worth A $ 42 billion ( $ 27 billion ) , one of the biggest in the country 's history .
The government , he declared , would “ move heaven and earth ” to keep the economy growing .
Barely a corner of Australian life will be untouched by the spending spree .
Yet there is no guarantee it will achieve its aim .
The immediate trigger for the stimulus was a Treasury report that the global recession had slashed A$ 115 billion from forecast revenue up to 2012 .
While six of Australia 's top ten export markets are already in recession , the chief impact has come from the slowdown in one that is not : China , its biggest trading partner , and the main driver of a minerals boom that has fed fat company - tax revenues .
Such booms have worked magic to keep “ the lucky country ” out of trouble before .
But not now .
Lindsay Tanner , the finance minister , cites figures showing how much Australia had come to depend on such revenues , and the shock when they abruptly fade away : at the latest boom 's peak , company taxes had grown to a quarter of federal revenue , from just 9 % in the mid-1980s .
Growth forecasts for 2008 - 09 have now slid from 2.75 % in last May 's budget to 1 % , and to just 0.75 % for next year .
Mr Tanner concedes such figures are a bit “ anaemic ” , but says the chances of staying out of recession are still “ reasonable ” .
Some economists are less optimistic .
The test will be whether Mr Rudd 's stimulus has the right targets .
About a third will go in cash handouts of almost A$ 1,000 each to encourage low - and middle - income workers , farmers and students to spend .
A similar stimulus of A$ 10.4 billion late last year seems to have worked : after two months of weak demand , it helped push retail spending in December up by 3.8 % .
But the bulk of Mr Rudd 's stimulus , almost A$ 30 billion , will go on infrastructure : new school buildings , road repairs and house insulation .
And more is on the way .
A body Mr Rudd appointed under Sir Rod Eddington , a businessman , is due to report soon on much bigger demands for public cash , such as for railways , ports and energy grids .
Already , the revenue slump and stimulus spending have ended more than a decade of budget surpluses ; the latest estimates project combined deficits of A$ 118 billion over the next four years .
On January 31st Mr Rudd prepared the ideological ground for this shift with a much - discussed article in the Monthly , a magazine .
He blamed the global crisis on neoliberalism , or “ free - market fundamentalism — and excessive greed ” .
Social democracy , he wrote , must now “ prevent liberal capitalism from cannibalising itself ” .
This was also about claiming the political high ground .
Mr Rudd accused the Liberal Party , the main opposition party , which ruled for 11 years before the crisis , of being Australia 's neoliberals .
Malcolm Turnbull , the Liberal leader , wants tax cuts , not public spending , to boost the economy , and opposes the stimulus package .
The central bank cut interest rates by a percentage point to a cash rate of 3.25 % on the day Mr Rudd announced his stimulus , the fifth cut since September .
Glenn Stevens , the bank 's governor , says the monetary and fiscal changes will help to “ cushion ” the economy .
If Australia nonetheless goes into recession , Mr Rudd and Mr Turnbull will keep trading charges on who is to blame : neoliberals or big spenders .
Google ’s chief economist tells us statistician will be the sexy job of the next decade .
Now Microsoft provides its vision for 2019 ( video below ) :
Video : Future Vision Montage
The future for 2019 looks a lot like data visualization and some serious data processing , yeah ?
So you better get ready .
Hop on to the band wagon before all the seats are taken .
The future sure is lookin’ good .
Check out the extended version of the above video in the link below .
[via istartedsomething | Thanks , dx0ne ]
Simon Johnson , writing for The Atlantic Online , puts forth the argument that America 's economy has developed the profile of an oligarchic third world country .
We have allowed the lines between private banking and public government to be blurred to such a degree that Washington essentially works for the benefit of Wall Street .
The money and power accumulated by the financial sector has had such an effect on the government , its policies and both parties , that in this time of dire crisis they are overlooking every other problem with this economy for the sake of the banking industry .
This is precisely what one could expect to see in developing economies like Russia , Argentina , Eastern Europe , or Southeast Asia .
A system dominated by rich elites for their own benefit .
In the case of any other nation in the world the International Monetary Fund would step in and order a clamp down on this corruption .
The IMF would suggest temporarily nationalizing the banks , and then breaking them apart or letting them disintegrate .
And the countries would have to comply , because at that point they are just one step away from a collapse into anarchy .
The United States , on the other hand , is not a small economy which could be swayed by the IMF .
The United States believes that its economic system is foolproof , and it has ingrained the mentality that what is best for the banks is what is best for the country .
For this reason our government has taken money out of the pocket of every single American citizen , and handed it over to the banks so as to guarantee that they are kept in place .
The United States – in what Johnson equates to a decision reminiscent of the 1990s Kremlin – has agreed to assume private debts with public money , and overpay without blinking .
Years ago Brooksley Born was laughed out of the " boys club " in Washington when she had the audacity to suggest regulations for credit - default swaps in 1998 .
Everyone involved in that hearing – Alan Greenspan , Paul Rubin , Arthur Levitt and presidential economic advisor Larry Summers – regret having not given her the time of day .
Born left her appointment with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission a few months later .
Her reputation with President Clinton was tarnished by run-ins with the powerful banking elite who favored the status quo .
Born 's fight against the Treasury , Fed , Wall Street , and the White House , is only one example that can be taken from several decades of bad policies .
The deregulation begun by the Reagan administration has come full circle , and our battered economy is what we have to show for it .
Somehow , instead of cracking down , our government is still pushing policies that favor financials and support the old system .
President Obama has taken steps to regulate troubled banks , but the directives are full of loopholes and are being pushed by a man – Treasury Secretary Geithner – who absolutely harbors pro-Wall Street ideals .
If the United States were any other country , the ridiculous and obvious corruption of our political and financial system would be cause for scorn .
Other governments would deny us funding , and we would be forced to crawl to the IMF asking for a hand out .
In exchange for their help , they would force the U.S. to adopt policies which would blow up the old banking cartels .
Obviously , the U.S. will not go to the IMF for a loan – in fact we are the biggest lender to that organization – but we would be wise to follow some of the policy directives they have published .
We need to fully nationalize the banks , and allow the weak links to fall apart .
The ones strong enough to survive will need size and compensation limitations , so as to make sure the same thing does not happen again .
This will be costly , the IMF suggests it could cost up to $ 1.5 trillion to clean up just the banking industry .
However , spending $ 1.5 trillion to fix the problem is better than what we have done thus far .
We have already spent $ 1.5 trillion propping up the crumbling financial system and have accomplished nothing at all .
America is not excepted from the rules and guidelines of fiscal responsibility which dictate policies everywhere else in the world .
If we are going to overlook the other glaring problems facing this economy , we might as well put real effort toward actually fixing the financial industry rather than merely continuing old , ruinous policies .
Click Here For Solutions To America's Economic Problems
Two AIG executives fingered by the New York Post as recipients of blood - money bonuses donated to the presidential campaign of Sen.
Chris Dodd , who is fighting off claims of coziness with the toxic insurer .
AIG execs Douglas Poling and Jonathan Liebergall , both of Connecticut , each donated $ 2,100 to Chris Dodd for President in late 2006 .
Liebergall had also donated $ 1,500 to Dodd 's campaign in 2004 .
The stimulus package severely limited the ability of bailout - recipients to pay bonuses .
But Dodd inserted language that provided an " exception for contractually obligated bonuses agreed on before Feb. 11 , 2009 , " which allowed for the AIG payouts .
UPDATE : Though Dodd has been happy to take credit for what 's known as " the Dodd Amendment , " which limited executive compensation to bailed - out firms , his spokesman e-mailed to point out that Dodd 's original language did not contain the exception that allowed the AIG bonuses .
That was added later , in conference to reconcile the House and Senate bills , apparently at the request of the Treasury Department .
Stories in the New York Times , Fox Business , and the D.C. Examiner have pinned the language on Dodd , but they appear to be incorrect .
As were we .
It 's been noted that Dodd has received $ 280,238 in campaign cash from AIG executives and political action committees over the past 20 years ; now we know that two of the actual Bonus Villains personally cut checks .
With a nice return on the investment , one assumes .
A study from Baylor University , which was published in the Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry journal , found that fish from rivers near Chicago , Dallas , Phoenix , Orlando , and Philadelphia all have high traces of both drugs and cosmetic chemicals .
The pharmaceutical residues included treatments for high cholesterol , allergies , high blood pressure , bipolar disorder , depression and seizure medications .
The actual drugs found included gemfibrozil , diphenhydramine , carbamazepine , norfluoxetine , fluoxetine and sertraline .
Galaxolide and tonalide were also found , which are fragrances from personal care products .
For comparison , they tested fish from New Mexico ’s pristine Gila River Wilderness Area , a location isolated from human sources of pollution .
Wait , we have one of those ?
“ The average person hopefully will see this type of a study and see the importance of us thinking about water that we use every day , where does it come from , where does it go to ?
We need to understand this is a limited resource and we need to learn a lot more about our impacts on it , ” said study co-author Bryan Brooks , a Baylor University researcher and professor who has published more than a dozen studies related to pharmaceuticals in the environment .
The researcher ’s work was funded by a $ 150,000 EPA grant and tested fish for 24 different drugs , as well as 12 chemicals found in personal care products .
The Baylor researchers stated that there are currently no federal testing standards for these pollutants in wastewater .
This is mostly because their effects in surface waters are n’t completely understood .
Luckily , the findings have prompted the EPA to extend similar research to more than 150 different locations .
“ This pilot study is one important way that EPA is increasing its scientific knowledge about the occurrence of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in the environment , ” said EPA spokeswoman Suzanne Rudzinski .
What effect would this have on people ?
Brooks said that someone would have to eat hundreds of thousands of fish meals to get even a single therapeutic does .
But Brooks , and other researchers , have found that even the most diluted of concentrations have adverse effects on fish , frogs , and other aquatic species because of their constant exposure the contaminated water .
But were not out of the woods just yet .
In an ongoing investigation , the Associated Press has reported trace concentrations of pharmaceuticals have been discovered in drinking water provided to at least 46 million Americans .
So where does the contamination come from ?
Well , of course , people .
But mainly it comes from two sources : unmetabolized pharmaceuticals that people have taken and excreted , and unused medications that are not properly disposed of ( i.e. flushed ) .
The EPA has called for further studies about the impact on humans of long - term consumption of minute amounts of medicines in their drinking water .
Maybe catch and release is the best way to go .
If You Must Use Plastic , Consider a Green Credit Card
Given the recent financial crisis , many banks are going green not just because they want to clean up their image but also because they want to clean up the planet .
Financial institutions across America now offer consumers a variety of green credit card and other personal banking choices as part of their commitment to bail out the environment .
Wells Fargo for example , offers rewards cards that let consumers redeem points for eco-friendly purchases , such as seed - growing kits and garden composters , as well as renewable - energy certificates .
Going paperless , a move almost all banks offer , enables customers to save trees and lower carbon dioxide emissions while reducing their own risk for late fees and fraud .
Affinity cards are cards issued by a major bank in partnership with a select organization or charity .
Each time you use an affinity card , the issuing bank donates a set amount to the partner organization — averaging half a penny for every dollar you charge or transfer , according to Bankrate.com .
Examples of affinity cards include :
• Bank of America ’s Brighter Planet credit card , which gives customers one “ EarthSmart ” point for every dollar spent .
The points are automatically redeemed each month in support of renewable energy projects , .
The bank says that each 1,000 - point increment offsets 1 ton of carbon dioxide , the equivalent of taking a car off the road for two months .
• Working Assets Visa Card , which donates ten cents with every purchase to a portfolio of 50 progressive nonprofit organizations , including ForestEthics and Oxfam America
Please follow and like us :
Related
It 's nip - and - tuck time as Amazon 's popular e-book reader is set to get a face lift .
Amazon will host a media event in the Morgan Library & Museum in New York City on Feb .
9 . The timing and the venue strongly suggest that Amazon will use the event to announce Kindle 2.0 , which industry watchers say will likely be a slimmer and better - designed device , aimed at spurring adoption by more mainstream users .
" The holidays are still eight months away , consumer spending is down , and we are in the middle of a recession , " says Josh Martin , senior analyst with the Yankee Group .
" But if they offer customers a good deal in terms of cost savings , the time may be right . "
Kindle is already a sleeper hit .
It launched in November 2007 , more than a decade after the first e-book readers , and more than a year after the launch of Sony 's critically acclaimed Reader , from which the Kindle borrowed an extremely legible E - Ink display .
Kindle was widely panned by critics for its fugly , plasticky white looks , but heavy promotion on Amazon.com , plus an endorsement by Oprah , helped give it legitimacy — and the e-books business , too .
Although Amazon has never released sales figures for the reader , the company has said that it was frequently one of the best - selling consumer electronics devices in its extensive catalog .
The Kindle has been sold out on the Amazon website , through which it is retails exclusively , for weeks now .
Amazon declined to comment on the upcoming event or its plans for the next - generation Kindle .
For months now , analysts and bloggers have been speculating about a redesigned Kindle .
Kindle 2.0 could be slimmer , have a better screen and be higher on the style quotient , all at a lower price .
" They have a whole bunch of user interface things they need to fix in the Kindle , " says James McQuivey , principal analyst with the Forrester Group .
" Beyond that , people are looking for improvements in the screen , size and speed . "
A new redesigned device could just be what Kindle needs to bulldoze its way into America 's heartland .
Kindle got a boost ahead of the holidays with daytime - television queen Oprah Winfrey calling it her " favorite new gadget " but it is still not a common sight on subways and buses .
Kindle 2.0 , when it releases , will offer a clearer look into Amazon 's strategy for the book market .
The company could target the academic text and business books market and go for a larger screen device or just create a smaller , sleeker second - generation version of its current model , says McQuivey .
" You are looking at two distinct markets here , " he says .
Meanwhile , competition for Kindle is heating up as newer entrants take a shot at the business .
Plastic Logic , a new startup showed a prototype of its sleek , 8.5 - inch e-book and newspaper reader at the DEMO conference last year .
Plastic Logic gained laurels for its sleek and well - designed reader and has said it hopes to launch its e-reader later this year .
Ultimately what Kindle 's success proves , say analysts , is that while beautifully designed gadgets or innovative new ideas may get the buzz , all consumers want is a device that does the job well .
" Looks matter when there are a number of alternatives out there , " says McQuivey .
" But even a poorly designed product that is functional will sell well as long as it is functional . "
Photo : Kindle ( txkimmers / Flickr )
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japanese electronics conglomerate Toshiba Corp 6502.T said on Tuesday it planned to start producing solid - state drives ( SSD ) in the Philippines to cut costs and increase output .
Toshiba , the world 's No. 2 maker of NAND flash memory after Samsung Electronics Co 005930.KS , is betting on strong growth for NAND - based SSD memory devices , used in laptop PCs .
Data centers and other places that now rely heavily on hard disks are also expected to increase their use of SSDs , a promising alternative to some hard - disk drives because they are more shock - resistant and consume less energy .
Toshiba plans to boost SSD output 15 - fold over the next two years and aims to take 30 percent of the world market for the devices by the end of March 2011 .
Research firm iSuppli has forecast the global SSD market to jump to $ 12.3 billion in 2012 from $ 84 million last year .
The Nikkei business daily reported Toshiba aimed to generate 100 billion yen ( $ 1 billion ) in SSD sales in the year starting April next year , more than 10 times the current figure .
Toshiba spokeswoman Hiroko Mochida said company had not announced a sales target .
She said Toshiba plans to shift some SSD assembly to the Philippines from a domestic plant in the April - June quarter .
The Philippine plant will initially make 64 - to 512 - gigabyte SSDs for use in notebook computers and other devices , using a 43 - nanometre line width .
Toshiba shares fell 2.6 percent to 221 yen , underperforming a 0.4 percent slide in the benchmark Nikkei average .
N225 .
( $ 1=98.78 Yen )
This story is part of an ongoing series of profiles by CNN about economic survival in this time of financial crisis .
Jeffrey and Mandi Root , left , moved in with Jeffrey 's parents , right , to pay off debt .
( CNN ) -- Jeffrey
Root was running out of money working a fast - food job when he decided to seek a last - resort remedy to his financial woes :
He quit the job and moved into his parents ' basement with his wife .
Root , a 26 - year - old from Springville , Utah , says that was one of the best decisions he could have made .
He sees his story as proof the economic crisis has an upside :
It can help people ratchet down on needless spending and focus attention on things money can't buy .
" Staying close to your family in times of need , that 's the most important thing in the economic crisis , " he said .
For many , these are tough times .
The unemployment rate is at 7.6 percent and employers cut 598,000 jobs in January , more than in any month since December 1974 .
A new jobs report is due out on Friday .
But , while he acknowledges that his situation is not as dire as many , Root says people should look for unexpected joy in the struggle .
" Reading all these negative stories and stuff , I was realized people do n't know what it 's like to live without an iPod , " said Root , who first shared his story on CNN 's iReport.com .
" I 'd say we 're really spoiled ...
We really do need to look at what 's important . "
For Root , that 's a revelation that came from watching his father .
The pair were working together at a Sonic Drive - In when Jeffrey Root 's dad , John Root , 65 , decided to quit working as a fast - food manager to become a real estate agent .
Realizing he did n't want to have to make such a tough turnaround in his 60s , Jeffrey Root decided to leave his job , too , to pursue an English degree full - time at Utah Valley University .
" I always wanted a college education but I could n't afford it , " Jeffrey Root said .
When Root 's parents suggested Jeffrey Root and his wife of two years , Mandi , 22 , move into a bedroom in their basement , the couple reluctantly decided to take the offer , said Mandi Root .
It was the only way they thought they could make ends meet .
She has found unexpected happiness in her in - laws ' home .
" Now that we 're living there , it 's been really great , " Mandi Root said .
Jeffrey Root is one of 10 siblings .
Only two others are living in their parents ' home now , but the others come by from time to time .
That 's been a big change for Mandi Root , who married into the family after growing up in a less - crowded home .
Again , though , it 's a change she says is for the better .
" It 's different .
It 's a lot different having so many siblings around all the time , but I like it , I like the company , " she said .
" They 're like our best friends .
We hang out with them all the time . "
Mandi Root said families are too hesitant about supporting each other during tough times .
" It 's sad that people feel like they can't turn to their families for help , or they feel like there 's something bad in doing that .
I do n't feel like it 's bad at all .
That should be what your family is there for , you know , to back you up when times are hard , " she said .
" I would do the same for anybody else -- you know , if I could . "
The arrangement seems to have worked out well for Jeffrey Root 's parents , too .
Jeffrey 's dad , John , says his son is " just fun to have around , " plus he helps troubleshoot problems with the family computer , mows the lawn and buys some groceries .
There 's some evidence that more families are living in multigenerational households these days .
In a recent poll of people ages 18 and older , the AARP found about a quarter of them were living with their parents or in - laws ; and about one in seven were living with a sibling .
About 15 percent of the 1,002 people polled by the organization said they 're at some risk of having to move back into their parents ' home .
And about a third of those at risk said they may have to do so because of job loss .
Overall , the number of multigenerational houses has increased from 5 million in 2000 to 6.2 million in 2008 , the AARP says .
That trend takes into account older people who move into their children 's homes , but also indicates an increase in " boomerang children " who move back in with their parents after leaving their home , according to Elinor Ginzler , the organization 's senior vice president for livable communities .
Without rent to pay , Jeffrey and Mandi Root said they 've been able to knock out more than half of their credit card debt .
Jeffrey works part - time at his university and Mandi works full time at a men's clothing store .
They 've pared down their expenses in several ways .
The couple sold one of their three cars and they now carpool to work in a used Chevy .
Jeffrey Root is restoring their other car , a 1965 Volkswagen Beetle , and plans to put it up for sale when he 's finished .
He also sold a motorcycle .
Instead of spending money going out to eat or taking vacations to Disneyland , they go camping frequently .
See financial tips from Root 's original iReport post
The overall goal is to " just find ways to be happy with what you have , " he said .
He said he does n't miss any of the amenities of his life before .
" They just made my life more complicated , " he said .
" Now I 've gotten rid of those things I 've been able to focus on my studies more .
I 'm getting better grades . "
He added : " Instead of turning to my motorcycle to go out and joy ride I can turn to a book or spend more time with my wife , " both of which are more enjoyable anyway , he said .
Jeffrey Root is a sophomore undergraduate now .
When he graduates , he plans to become a teacher .
He says the nation 's students need to know the world does n't owe them favors .
They have to put in hard work , and that 's what he says he 'll expect from them .
" We 've always had a really good , hardworking family , " he said .
" That 's what I 've been taught is to work hard and to try to make the best of things -- and smile . "
All About National Economy • iReport.com • Utah • Unemployment Rate
Building a Better JavaScript Profiler with WebKit By Francisco Tolmasky on April 29 , 2009
I had the pleasure of showing off some the cool new features we ’ve been adding to the WebKit inspector at JSConf last week .
It ’s no secret that debugging basically sucks in JavaScript , and until recently , it was a little bit worse in Objective - J.
Up until now we ’ve focused mainly on adding stop gap measures to our own code , but recently we ’ve decided to shift gears and attack the problem head on in the browsers themselves .
This is why these past couple of weeks I ’ve set aside the JavaScript code and instead focused on working with the great guys on the WebKit team on providing a solid debugging experience both in Objective - J and JavaScript in general .
We first decided to focus on profiling , since this is an area of considerable interest for a framework .
All the code I ’ve committed is now available in the latest WebKit nightly , so if you want you can download it to follow along .
I ’ve also added to the end of this post links to both the WebKit commits we added , as well as the accompanying code we put in Cappuccino in an effort to show how to make the best use of these new features and encourage others to take a stab at adding some debugging features to WebKit .
Surprisingly enough , the folks over at Joose wasted no time incorporating this into their own library , so I ’ve included links to their additions as well .
Anonymous and Poorly Named Functions
Had you run a Cappuccino application through Firebug ’s profiler back in September when we originally open sourced the framework , you would have probably seen something that looked like this :
Anyone who ’s done a significant amount of profiling with Firebug has probably run into the dreaded question mark functions at some point or another , but as you can see from above , it used to be particularly egregious in Objective - J .
The reason these question marks show up is because somewhere the script in question contains an anonymous function .
Anonymous functions , or lambdas as they ’re sometimes referred to , are functions that you can declare just about anywhere in your program and not bother naming .
Take the following code for example :
Here we ’re using an anonymous function to perform special behavior on a mouse click event , and when profiled , this function will show up as a question mark .
The obvious workaround is to simply declare this function normally somewhere else in the code , but this is n’t always possible because you might need it inline in the code so as to form a closure .
So instead the recommended solution today is to simply give it a name with the following syntax :
And in this particular case , this will work quite well and allow this function to appear in profile as clicked .
However , there are certain cases where this wo n’t work .
Let ’s look at a different snippet of code to see such a case :
Here we ’ve created a function called generator that creates other functions when executed .
As is , these functions will show up as question marks just as before , but this time we ca n’t simply name them inline because then all the generated functions would show up with the exact same name :
Unfortunately , there is really very little we can do to remedy this situation short of using an eval statement , which would change the performance characteristics of this method so drastically that the entire exercise would become moot .
It ’s not just floating anonymous functions that suffer from poor naming though .
Imagine that you have created the following prototypal classes and methods in your application or library :
Both in Firebug and Safari , this code will generate a largely useless profile :
This profile is almost as ambiguous as when it was all question marks .
We ca n’t tell whether MyClass .
my Method , MyClass.prototype.myMethod , or MyOtherClass.prototype.myMethod is the bottleneck here .
If we are n’t generating these methods in any special way , we could try to name them inline , but we ’d have to mangle the names considerably to pack in all the information we need :
This is clearly not the most elegant solution , and does n’t scale given the fact that you have limited visual room in Firebug and Safari ( you actually ca n’t stretch the function name column in either profiler ) .
This also runs the risk , albeit a small one , of clashing with an existing function name .
But the important thing to notice here is that it is not necessarily anonymous functions that are the source of the problem , but the fact that functions do n’t actually have real names in JavaScript .
It is only the variables that are bound to them that are named .
So in order to solve this issue once and for all , we decided to define a way to explicitly give functions a name for debugging : the displayName attribute .
In WebKit , you can now simply set this property with any arbitrary name you desire .
Let ’s revisit our generator example from earlier and see what we can do with this slightly modified code :
If we now rerun this profile in a recent WebKit nightly , we should see something like this :
!/images/explicitly-named-functions.png( Explicitly named functions in WebKit Profiles ) ! %( caption ) Explicitly named functions in WebKit Profiles %
Each function is now clearly identifiable in the results , allowing us to actually make use of this data .
We can extend this same approach to our prototypal classes we defined above to achieve a similar effect :
If we were to profile this now , the much more descriptive displayNames would show up instead of simply seeing method ( ) used in every case .
This is the basic idea behind what Objective - J does in the latest Cappuccino 0.7 betas , but it takes place completely automatically behind the scenes , so that with no code changes of your own , applications now look something like this when profiled :
As you can see from this profile , Objective - J now has first class profiling support in WebKit .
The best part about this though is that it ’s not just limited to Objective - J : any language abstraction now has the opportunity to make the same use of these tools .
Objective - J happens to be a great candidate because it is such a thin wrapper around JavaScript , but a project such as processing .js could show the actual processing functions instead of their generated JavaScript analogues , or perhaps GWT could have a flag where it shows the Java methods in the profiler instead of the generated JavaScript as well .
We ’ve actually taken this one step further in Objective - J though , and used this feature to display information that you actually can’t presently see with normal JavaScript scripts .
Currently both Safari and Firebug are incapable of profiling code that does n’t execute explicitly in a function .
This means that if a good portion of your profile is taking place at the top level of a script file , it will be completely left out in Firebug and lumped into the overly generic ( program ) category in Safari .
But thanks to the special way we handle files in Objective - J , we are able to tell our users precisely how much time they are spending in a specific file :
This is actually what I found most exciting about this seemingly simple property addition .
In less than a day I was able to apply it in a completely new way to supply WebKit with even more information than we had originally designed it for .
I feel that there is something really interesting in the idea that the code can interact directly with the debugging tools , and its why I believe that despite the debugging situation being so poor in JavaScript today , it has the potential of being much better than that of traditional languages .
Expect to see us experiment more with this new kind of debugging here at 280 North in the future , because this is clearly just the tip of the iceberg .
More Fine - Grained Profiling
The other thing we focused heavily on doing these last couple of weeks was completely rewriting the Bottom Up View of the WebKit profiler .
To get a better idea of what this is , lets first take look at the other alternative WebKit currently gives you for analyzing your profiles , known as the Top Down View :
The Top Down View shows you a graph of the actual flow of your application , a call stack with the very first functions that were executed as the root nodes and the functions they called as their children .
Thus , the data in each row represents the statistics for the call stack starting with the root node , and ending in the child node .
I ’ve fully expanded all the nodes here to be able to see the entire call graph .
If we look at the second to last line of this view , we can see that it represents a recursive call to aFunction that took place from within a call to caller3 :
We ’d read this by saying that 0.41 % of the time was spent in 5 calls to aFunction with this call stack .
While this representation of your profile certainly gives you a very holistic view of what happened in your program and can help you get a better idea of the general flow of functions taking place , it ’s harder to draw conclusions such as which function most of the time is being spent in .
To do this , we would need to add up all the individual child times and then compare them to eachother .
In this simple example this does n’t seem that daunting , but you can imagine that it can quickly become quite complex .
This is where the Bottom Up View comes in .
Let ’s take a look at the same profile using this view :
If we leave the children collapsed , this should look very familiar to Firebug users : it is a flat list of every function called in your program , and how much time was spent in each .
However , where things really get interesting is when you expand the children :
Unlike in the Top Down View , the children here represent the parents , or callers , of the root function in question .
For example , the second row represents the call stack starting at caller3 and ending at aFunction :
Because of this , the statistics on each row actually still refer to the original root node , and not the child as in the Top Down View .
So on the second row you ’d say “ 1000 calls to aFunction took place originating from caller3 ” .
Essentially we are just flipping the Top Down View on its head .
In order to understand why this information is so powerful , let ’s take a look at a real world example I recently ran into in Cappuccino .
Now , the following is an Objective - J profile , but the principles are exactly the same in normal JavaScript :
If we were using Firebug or any other flat listing tool , the naive interpretation of this profile would be that setFrameSize : is probably something worth tuning since it is third on our list and takes about 4.58 % of our profile ’s total time .
This diagnosis is not wrong in the strict sense , but we may find it difficult to find out exactly why this method is so slow if we simply jump into setFrameSize : ’s implementation and start hacking away .
Remember that functions can be quite complex internally as well , and you may spend your time needlessly optimizing a code path in this method that was not even reached during the profile .
However , we may get a better idea if we instead inspect this further and look at setFrameSize : ’s callers :
Interestingly enough , after expanding this node we find that it is not necessarily setFrameSize : which is universally slow , but rather some special interaction between setFrameSize : and its caller sizeToFit .
We know this because this method usually takes an average of 0.01 % to 0.04 % , but specifically when called from sizeTo Fit it takes a whopping 4.34 % , over 200 times as long .
Not only that , but all this time is concentrated in just 1 actual call , profiling gold !
Perhaps there is something in sizeToFit that is purging a cache that setFrameSize : relies on , or perhaps sizeTo Fit causes setFrameSize : to take a completely different code path internally than normal .
It could be any number of reasons , but we are now empowered with a much better understanding of what exactly is happening in the program that is causing this slowdown .
In other words , this allows us to profile not only the functions themselves , but the relationship between functions as well .
What ’s Next ?
Debugging in JavaScript still has a long way to go .
These changes are like night and day for frameworks like Cappuccino , but we have a bunch of other ideas we ’d like to get implemented in WebKit ’s inspector as well .
We also think its important to try to take some of the work we ’ve done here and get it placed into Firebug .
Given that there is no one browser your code will run in , it is important to have a great set of tools on as many browsers as possible .
We ’ve used a hacked version of Firebug internally before , and if I recall correctly it should n’t be too difficult to add support for the displayName property to function objects , so hopefully we ’ll get a patch out for that soon .
Addendum
As promised earlier , I have included a list of links to the WebKit , Cappuccino , and Joose commits below .
The Cappuccino and Joose commits should help you integrate support for these new WebKit features in your own application or library , and hopefully the WebKit commits will inspire you to report / fix / write new features for JavaScript debugging :
The plans are not just about pregnancies , but infection rates as well Pregnancy advisory services - including abortion information - could be advertised on TV and radio under proposals due to be released .
Restrictions on condom adverts could also be relaxed , as part of plans aimed at reducing high UK rates of teenage pregnancy and sexual infections .
They suggest condom adverts could be shown before the 2100 watershed .
The idea is part of a review of advertising codes , which will now be put to the public for their views .
Young people tell us TV is an important route through which they get a huge amount of messages about sex
Simon Blake
Brook
Will ads cut teen pregnancy rates ?
The review - by the Committee of Advertising Practice ( CAP ) and the Broadcast Committee on Advertising Practice ( BCAP ) - has also proposed tighter controls over environmental claims and stricter rules to protect children .
The two committees will also oversee a public consultation , which closes on 19 June .
Currently , Channel 4 is the only channel where condoms can be advertised from 1900 .
' Accurate information ' BCAP said the Independent Advisory Group on Sexual Health had called for a relaxation of the rules on condom advertising , after a rise in teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections .
It pointed to figures which showed over 11,000 under - 16s were diagnosed with chlamydia , herpes , gonorrhoea , syphilis or genital warts from 2002 to 2006 .
But under its proposals , condom commercials would not be allowed around programmes aimed at children under the age of 10 .
Pregnancy advice services , which includes information on abortions , would be allowed to advertise on radio and TV for the first time .
Adverts for such services would have to make it clear whether it referred women for abortions .
The consultation is UK - wide , but any changes would not necessarily be applied across the UK .
Broadcasters would have to tailor any advertising to the area in which it was broadcast .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Simon Blake , chief executive of Brook , which offers sexual health advice and services to young people , told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the move would help people obtain accurate information .
" Young people tell us TV is an important route through which they get a huge amount of messages about sex .
HAVE YOUR SAY
There is no reason these ads should not be shown .
The argument that it 'll increase promiscuity is fatuous and as silly as saying that wearing seatbelts increases reckless driving .
Thomas , Radcliffe " So clear , honest , factual advertising about services which provide honest messages is clearly going to be part of shifting the balance away from this over - sexualised media . "
But John Smeaton , national director of the Society for the Protection of Unborn Children , said the move would " further commercialise the killing of unborn children " .
He said : " Agencies with a financial interest in promoting abortion will be in a position to buy expensive broadcast advertising , whereas groups which provide objective information about abortion and its impact on women 's health will be unlikely to afford to advertise . "
Liberal Democrat MP
Dr Evan Harris , who sat on the science and technology select committee that examined the issue in 2007 , said there was no reason why carefully regulated advice should not be available on television .
" What is vital , as the select committee recommended , is that no woman is misled by anti-abortion campaigners claiming to offer balanced advice when they never refer for abortion , " he said .
" The idea that pregnancy advice , family planning and condom adverts should not appear before the 9 pm watershed is as ridiculous as the former ban on tampon adverts , which have been shown not to offend despite the outcry at the time they were allowed . "
Relevant rules
The review also proposes greater protection for children from other commercials , including those for adult - rated computer games .
There would also be tighter controls to stop advertisers exaggerating environmental claims .
What stops teen pregnancies : condoms or family meals ?
I suspect that the problem is more down to lifestyle than to lack of information .
Mark Easton 's blog Advertisers could not claim their product was free of environmentally - damaging ingredient if that ingredient was not normally found in competing products , or highlight environmental benefits which were a result of legal obligations .
They would also have to base environmental claims on their product 's impact across its total life cycle .
The word " free " would also have to be clarified .
Andrew Brown , chairman of CAP and BCAP , said those drawing up the code aimed to set a high bar for social responsibility .
" Our priority is to ensure that the rules remain relevant for the future so that consumers can continue to enjoy and trust the ads they see , " he said .
" Throughout this process , we sought the views of industry and policymakers and now we want to hear from all other interested parties , including the people that matter the most in advertising , the general public . "
The advertising codes were reviewed simultaneously for the first time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ / caption ]
This week marks the 50th anniversary of the “ Mercury Seven ; ” NASA ’s first seven astronauts .
On April 9 , 1959 NASA held a press conference in Washington , DC to introduce the men — Gus Grissom , Alan Shephard , Scott Carpenter , Wally Schirra , Deke Slayton , John Glenn and Gordon Cooper .
They would become household names in the US and media sensations .
“ I ca n’t believe it ’s been that long , ” John Glenn said in an interview with an Ohio newspaper , the Zanesville Times Recorder .
“ The experience back then of being selected and participating in the early flights is so vivid to me , it seems like this all happened a couple of weeks ago .
NASA has created a very cool interactive feature to celebrate this 50th anniversary , including an interactive “ press conference , ” a transcript and video clips of the original press conference , and a gallery of pictures .
The Mercury flights proved than humans could survive in space , and paved the way for the Gemini and Apollo flights .
“ The early flights got so much attention because they were open to the world , they were not secrets , ” Glenn said .
“ When the Soviets sent up Gagarin , the data and information was secret .
We had international press at the Cape ( Canaveral ) for the launch , and the Soviets had n’t had that ; it was n’t permitted .
President Eisenhower decided he wanted the program open for the whole world ; he said we were going to succeed or fail with the world watching , and I think that was a good decision . ”
For further information about each of the six Mercury missions , see our Mercury section in Universe Today ’s Guide to Space .
What has been a de facto reality for some time now has become official :
The Zimbabwe dollar has been completely destroyed and annihilated .
This is hardly something to shed tears over .
The interesting question is how the Zimbabwean government will finance itself now that it can't print money anymore .
Well , I guess we 'll find out soon enough ....
Given the current economic orthodoxy that inflation is impossible as long as unemployment is high and capacity utilization is low , it is worth noticing that capacity utilization in Zimbabwe was only 20 % when it suffered from the hyperinflation that destroyed the Zimbabwe dollar .
John McCain admitted to Bob Schieffer on Face The Nation that the US violated the Geneva Conventions under George W. Bush regarding the abusive treatment of prisoners .
You know , that torture thing .
SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN ( Ranking , Armed Services Committee ) :
First of all let me repeat what you just said , Bob .
I have opposed torture .
It 's violation of the Geneva Conventions .
I worry about treatment of Americans in future conflicts .
SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN :
The -- the allegations are that they gave the wrong counsel that ’s and — - and that bad things were done .
And we violated fundamental commitments that the United States of America made when we signed the Geneva Conventions .
And we disregarded what might happen to Americans who are held captive in the future .
And by the way , those who say our enemies wo n’t abide the Geneva Conventions they will if they know there ’s going to retribution for their violation of it .
BOB SCHIEFFER :
Let me ask you about this quickly , Jay Bybee who was one of the people at the Justice department that wrote the memos that gave the CIA what they call the legal reasons to go ahead with all this , he ’s now a federal judge .
We understand that he very much regrets , or at least he ’s told people , he regrets having written those memos .
Do you think that he should be impeached or do you think that he should resign or you -- you think he should be left alone ?
SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN :
Well , a resignation would be a decision he would have to make on his own .
But he falls into the same category as everybody else as far as giving very bad advice and misinterpreting fundamentally what the United States is all about , much less things like the Geneva Conventions .
Plus -- under President Reagan we signed an agreement against torture , we ’re in violation of that ...
The news just keeps getting more personal .
Hyper - specialized blogs , RSS feeds , and personalized Google homepages let us focus on what we care about and tune out the rest .
Thus far , personalized news has been limited to the Internet , but Time Inc. is bringing it to the printed word with mine , a five - issue , 10 - week , experimental magazine that allows readers to select five Time Warner / American Express Co. magazines that Time editors will combine into a personalized magazine with 56 possible combinations .
Essentially , mine is a printed , expanded RSS feed .
Magazines available to the program include Time , Sports Illustrated , Food & Wine , Real Simple , Money , In Style , Golf , and Travel + Leisure .
Ads in the mine run will all be for the Lexus 2010 RX SUV–but with personalized messages for each subscriber targeting their interests .
mine ‘s experimental run is free , with a 36 - page print edition available to the first 31,000 respondents and an online version available to 200,000 others .
The online edition may not be of much interest to readers skilled in the art of Internet news surfing , but mine ‘s printed edition brings an interesting concept to the table : the minimalization of paper waste with personalized magazines and newspapers .
Instead of subscribing to five magazines , why not just subscribe to one that has everything you want inside ?
And instead of subscribing to The New York Times , The Star Ledger , and your hometown newspaper , why not subscribe to a mash - up of all three ?
The print media industry may be slowing down , but it is n’t dead .
Could personalized periodicals help magazines both adjust to the digital age and do right by the environment ?
[ Mine Via Chicago Tribune ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Russian military aircraft flew just 500 feet over two U.S. Navy ships this week as the ships participated in a joint military exercise with South Korea in the Sea of Japan , according to U.S. military officials .
Two Russian Ilyushin IL - 38 maritime patrol aircraft flew only 500 feet above a U.S. aircraft carrier .
On Monday , two Russian Ilyushin IL - 38 maritime patrol aircraft , known as " Mays , " overflew the U.S. aircraft carrier Stennis while it was in international waters in the Sea of Japan .
The Russian aircraft flew about 500 feet over the ship , lower than other flights the Russians have made over U.S. ships in the past year .
The USS Stennis was about 80 miles east of Pohang , South Korea , participating in the joint military exercise when the flyover occurred .
On Tuesday , the USS Blue Ridge , a lead command and control ship , and the Stennis were overflown by two Russian " Bear " long - range bombers multiple times , according to U.S. military officials .
The Bears overflew the ships at about 2,000 feet , officials said .
U.S. military officials said that in both cases , U.S. Navy F / A - 18 fighters met up with the Russian aircraft about 70 nautical miles from the U.S. ships and flew alongside them until they left the area .
On both days , U.S. aircraft tried contacting the Russian planes on international air frequency radio channels , but the Russian pilots did not respond , officials said .
The last time Russian planes flew over a U.S. Navy ship was February 2008 , when two Bears flew 2,000 feet over the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz south of Japan .
Russian long - range flights skirting U.S. or other nations ' boundaries have also been common over the last year .
Although the Pentagon does not often talk about the overflights , there is nothing illegal about the actions , and they are generally seen by the United States as nothing more than muscle - flexing by the Russian military .
All About U.S. Navy • Russia • South Korea • U.S. Armed Forces Activities
" I wanted to do something where like the main guy makes bad decisions and he ’s kind of an asshole , " Hill said .
" And you know , if there ’s a theme with the works we ’ve done , that ’s only as a response to that kind of mainstream bullshit . "
In a separate interview with Wired.com during SXSW , Rogen said he had no idea how audiences would react to the genuinely twisted Observe and Report , in which he moves into uncharted territory with his portrayal of " super antihero " security guard Ronnie , a character that is far darker than his usual nice - guy roles .
" I cannot begin to predict , " said the comic actor who previously starred in such geek - friendly fare as Superbad , Pineapple Express and Zack and Miri Make a Porno .
" And I never can , to be honest .
But this [ movie ] ,
I ’d say even more so than the others , I really do n’t know .
There ’s no precedent for this one . "
During a panel discussion about Observe and Report during SXSW , Rogen ’s co-conspirator Faris said she relished the opportunity to play the obnoxious Brandi , a role she nails with pitch - perfect comedic timing .
But in an interview with A.V. Club , she says she was surprised that the sex scene made it into the picture .
" I ’m so grateful I was cast , " she said , " but when I read the script , I thought , ‘ Well , this is Warner Bros .
This is a studio movie , so this is all gonna be softened up .
It ’s a comedy , right ? ’
So when we were shooting it , even the date - rape scene — or as I refer to it , ‘ The Tender
Love - Making Scene ’ —
I just thought , ‘ We ’ll shoot it , but it ’s not gonna be in the movie .
I do n’t have to worry about that one . ’
And yet there it is . "
So there it is indeed .
Have you seen Observe and Report ?
Let us know your reaction to the movie that ’s splitting critics into two distinct camps :
Those who denounce it as " bitter , ugly and painful to watch " and those who call it " fucking amazing . "
( For the record , I ’m in the second camp . )
Report your observations in the comments section below .
See also :
What Do They Know ?
Cable channels Program Economist guest appearances in which stimulus was discussed % Total guest appearances in which stimulus was discussed Hours of programming in which stimulus was discussed The Situation Room 3 4 % 73 30 Lou Dobbs Tonight 1 4 % 27 10 Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull 0 0 % 26 8 Anderson Cooper 360 ( 10 p.m. ET hour only ) 0 0 % 31 9 Your World with Neil Cavuto 2 4 % 53 10 Glenn Beck 7 33 % 21 9 The O'Reilly Factor 1 7 % 15 7 Hannity 0 0 % 44 10 Hardball with Chris Matthews ( 5 p.m. ET hour only ) 1 2 % 46 10 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue 1 3 % 37 9 Countdown with Keith Olbermann 1 7 % 15 9 The Rachel Maddow Show 1 9 % 11 8
Among the Sunday shows , ABC's
This Week was the only one to feature at least one economist on each broadcast :
Sunday shows Program Economist guest appearances in which stimulus was discussed % Total guest appearances in which stimulus was discussed Number of broadcasts in which stimulus was discussed This Week 3 15 % 20 3 Face the Nation 1 14 % 7 3 Meet the Press 2 14 % 14 3 Fox News Sunday 1 5 % 20 3
The following is a list of all the guest appearances by economists coded in the study :
Date Network Show Guest 1/28/2009 MSNBC
Hardball with Chris Matthews Armey , Dick 2/5/2009 CNN Lou Dobbs Tonight Ferguson , Niall 2/4/2009 MSNBC
Countdown with Keith Olbermann Huffington , Arianna 1/25/2009 ABC
This Week Krugman , Paul 2/4/2009 MSNBC
The Rachel Maddow Show Krugman , Paul 1/28/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Laffer , Arthur 1/28/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Moore , Stephen 2/2/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Moore , Stephen 1/27/2009 MSNBC
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Orszag , Peter 2/5/2009 CNN
The Situation Room Orszag , Peter 2/5/2009 FNC Your World with Neil Cavuto Orszag , Peter 2/8/2009 ABC
This Week Reich , Robert 2/3/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Ritholtz , Barry 1/30/2009 CNN
The Situation Room Rivlin , Alice 2/8/2009 CBS
Face the Nation Romer , Christina 1/26/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Shlaes , Amity 1/30/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Sowell , Thomas
1/30/2009 FNC
Glenn Beck Stein , Ben 2/6/2009 FNC
The O'Reilly Factor Stein , Ben 1/25/2009 NBC
Meet the Press Summers , Larry 2/8/2009 ABC
This Week Summers , Larry 2/8/2009 FNC
Fox News Sunday Summers , Larry 1/30/2009 FNC
Your World with Neil Cavuto Wheelan , Charles 2/1/2009 NBC
Meet the Press Zandi , Mark 2/6/2009 CNN
The Situation Room Zandi , Mark
A list of all the guests who discussed the recovery plan classified as either economists or non-economists is available here .
Conspiracy Theorists
By Jolly Roger
slicingthroats@yahoo.com
1 - 8- 5 Everyone has heard , and has probably used the term " conspiracy theorist , " and the fact of the term being in common use , also indicates that we generally agree on what it means .
I saw a movie by that name , and the title character was a raving lunatic who kept his food in thermoses with combination locks to reduce his chances of being poisoned by imaginary enemies .
Regardless of how the stupid movie turned out , what 's important here is the common perception people have of someone to whom that label is applied , and just as important , is who it is that applies the label .
The common perception is that someone who is labeled a " conspiracy theorist " is suffering from some type of psychological disorder , and that label is usually applied to people by our government , and our news media .
The next thing to consider , is that the label is applied to anyone who questions our government 's version of events in any matter .
Does n't it logically follow that the media are teaching us to assume that anyone who questions the government is insane ?
When that label is applied to a person , does n't it become easy to dismiss everything they say without even hearing it ?
How convenient for them .
I think the label first became widely used to slander people who questioned the details surrounding the JFK assassination , and forty years later , there are n't too many thinking people who still believe the Warren Commission 's " lone gunman " explanation .
That explanation is doubted by everyone who has taken the time to look into the details , and believed only by people who refuse to .
Which is " theory " and which is fact ?
In the absence of a full confession , this can only be decided by a preponderance of evidence , and it would be silly to come to a conclusion on any matter without looking at all the evi dence available .
This is only common sense , just as it is safe to assume some degree of guilt or complicity on the part of anyone who lies about an event , or tries to hide , plant , or destroy any type of evidence .
Conspiracy theories arise from evidence .
After the government releases an explanation of a particular event , a conspiracy theory is only born because evidence exists to disprove their explanation , or at least call it into question .
There 's nothing insane about it , unless you define sanity as believing whatever the government tells you .
In light of the fact that our government lies to us regularly , I would define believing everything they tell you as utter stupidity .
In July of 1996 , flight 800 exploded over Long Island .
Shortly after their terrorist explanation failed scrutiny , our government then explained the event by claiming that a faulty electrical system caused a spark that ign ited a fuel tank , and the people who doubted this explanation were quickly labeled " conspiracy theorists . "
More than a hundred witnesses saw a missile travel from the ground up to the plane just prior to its explosion , bu t rather than being treated as eyewitnesses to an event , they were labeled " conspiracy theorists , " which label allowed all subsequent investigation to ignore the strongest evidence in the matter .
Our " investigative " news agencies decided to accept and disseminate the official story , and they helped us forget the U.S. naval station nearby , the fact that missiles were regularly test fired there , and naturally , they paid no heed to more than a hundred " conspiracy theorists " who saw the plane get blown out of the sky by a missile .
I believe that the U.S. Navy accidentally shot down flight 800 , and that 's my belief because it 's the mos t sensible explanation that can be drawn from the available evidence .
I 'm not theorizing about conspiracies , but there are conflicting explanations of the event , and if the Navy did accidentally blow a passenger plane out of the sky , who would have a motive to lie about it ?
The U.S. government , or a hundred witnesses ?
Then of course , there were the " crazy conspiracy theories " arising from the bombing of the Alfred Murrah federal building in Oklahoma City .
In that matter , audio tapes and witnesses agree that there were two explosions , t he first of which occurred inside the building between eight and ten seconds before the truck bomb exploded .
Explosive experts agree that Timothy McVeigh 's fertilizer bomb could not have destroyed the building , and the FB I 's counter terrorism chief , and members of BATF lied about their whereabouts during and prior to the catastrophe .
The evening news decided not to tell you any of this , and they will label anyone who tries to a " paranoid conspiracy theorist . "
In light of the evidence , we would be complete fools if a conspiracy theory did n't exist .
There were no conspiracy theories arising from the explosion of flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , and there were no conspiracy theories arising from the work of the uni-bomber , so the newly invented psycho- babble that tries to explain the malady of conspiracy theorists , also needs to explain why millions of conspiracy theorists all decided not to theorize about those events .
There is no psychological malady .
There was simply no evidenc e to indicate a conspiracy .
The real question is not why people theorize about conspiracies , but why people choose to believe the government 's version of events when it 's obvious that they 're lying .
One reason is that most people never see the evide nce because our " news " industry hides it , and another reason is that the same news industry will quickly associate anyone who questions the government with the people who see Elvis , Bigfoot , and UFO's .
But sadly , I think the main reason people choose to believe the government 's version of events despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary , is because it 's easier , and safer .
If you ignore most of the evidence , and acce pt as plausible whatever ridiculous explanation the T.V. provides , your life remains simple , and you get to sit on your ass and watch more T.V .
If on the other hand , you pluck your head from that same ass and realize you ' ve been lied to , as a citizen in a democratic society , you 're instantly burdened with being responsible for doing something about it .
Every citizen of the United States has a civic duty to participate in their government , and keep themselves informed of its actions , or government " of the people , by the people , and for the people " is n't possible .
You were warned that " eternal vigilance is the price of freedom , " but you chose to ignore you r government , and believe whatever they told you , and because of this , Americans have lost their freedom .
Although presidents and senators are public servants , unlike the dog catcher and mailman , they wield a lot of power over people 's lives , and that 's why they have to be watched , and scrutinized .
Statistical analysts from UCLA and Rutgers University believe that John Kerry won the 2004 presidential election by an estimated 1.3 million votes , and despite the fact that these learned scholars are probably the most qu alified people alive to forward such an opinion , our news madia dismisses this as " conspiracy theory . "
George W. Bush lost the 2000 election , and he lost the 2004 election , but he 's occupying the White House , shredding ou r constitution , and stealing our wealth and freedom in a " war on terror " that 's as fraudulent as his presidency because many Americans are too stupid to see it , too lazy to do anything about it , or both .
I 'm sorry if I sound angry , but the fact of the matter is that I am angry .
While you were staring into the television like an idiot , our freedom , wealth , and constitutional protections have been stolen from us , and becaus e you 're stupid enough to believe the manure being shoveled by our government , you 've allowed them to commit bigger and more heinous crimes .
Because you were too lazy to research their nonsensical economic policies , and s ee them for the scams that they are , we 'll all soon be living in poverty .
And because you 're so lazy , apathetic , and easily lied to , millions have died for the profits of a few .
I have every right to be angry , and only a fool would n't be .
Only a small portion of my anger is reserved for the government of the United States , because they only did what can be expected of any government .
They grabbed money , power and control where it was easy to do so .
Most of my anger is directed toward my fellow American citizens , because they allowed it to happen by believing whatever they 're told , and not doing what 's expected of them .
Patriotism in America does not mean waving the flag in blind loyalty to the government .
As an American citizen , you have a civic duty to question your government , and hold them accountable for their actions , not use the flag as a blindfold .
The American people have been dupe d once again , and it does n't seem like it's a difficult thing to accomplish .
America 's latest " conspiracy nuts " are better known as the 9 - 11 truth movement .
The news media are doing their usual job of slandering them with their usual childish name calling , but for more than three years , they have refused to show you the documented fact , scientific data , expert testimony , photographic evidence , or the credible eyewitness accounts that prove U.S. government complicity in the events of September , 11 , 2001 .
If this we re just a " crazy conspiracy theory , " I do n't think people in our government would have worked so hard to destroy , hide , and lie about the evidence .
The White House tried to derail every investigation into the matter .
If w e had an honest government , we would n't have conspiracy theories .
We would have honest investigations , and fair trials , but these things are disappearing from America .
There are disturbing facts regarding the events of September 11 that every American needs to be aware of , but naturally , none of it will be on T.V .
I 've met a lot of people in the 9 - 11 truth movement , and I can assure you that none of them are crazy , paranoid , or even " conspiracy theorists . "
One generalization I can make about them is that they all seem to be very intelligent .
Maybe the smartest thing you could do would be to start listening to them .
The Arabs do n't " hate your freedom . "
The White House hates your freedom , because it 's the only thing that stands between them , and unlimited power .
- Jolly Roger " Eternal Vigilance is the Price of Freedom " - Thomas Jefferson 911truth.org 911review.org 911review.com physics911.org wtc7.net
Anything written by " Jolly Roger " is the property of the American Resistance Movement , and the author hereby grants permission to anyone who so desires to post , print , copy , or distribute this letter as they see fit , and in fact , the author encourages you to do so .
The article above is being hosted by Signs of the Times and is presented " as is " and with the permission of the author , be it explicit or generally granted .
In hosting this article , Signs of the Times aligns itself with the specific content of the article only and NOT with any other writings or associations of the author in question .
Fair Use Policy Contact Webmaster at signs - of - the - times.org
Cassiopaean materials Copyright © 1994-2014 Arkadiusz Jadczyk and Laura Knight - Jadczyk .
All rights reserved .
" Cassiopaea , Cassiopaean , Cassiopaeans , " is a registered trademark of Arkadiusz Jadczyk and Laura Knight - Jadczyk .
Letters addressed to Cassiopaea , Quantum Future School , Ark or Laura , become the property of Arkadiusz Jadczyk and Laura Knight - Jadczyk
R epublication and re-dissemination of our copyrighted material in any manner is expressly prohibited without prior written consent .
You are visitor number .
Elementary school principal Maria Pantalone has been charged with three counts of threatening death and bodily harm , according to court documents .
Pantalone , who appeared at Old City Hall court on Sunday , is now on personal leave from her position as principal at Ossington / Old Orchard Junior Public School .
Grant Bowers , lawyer for the Toronto District School Board , said the board received information Sunday and , based on that , she was placed on paid leave .
Board representatives are to meet with her lawyer this afternoon .
Pantalone was reassigned to Ossington / Old Orchard after pleading guilty in 2007 to throwing feces at a boy who was not a student at the school .
A letter sent yesterday to parents of students at the school said only that the principal " will be away on leave for personal reasons . "
She could not be reached for comment yesterday and her lawyer , Mike Caroline , had no comment .
While Pantalone pleaded guilty in the feces - flinging incident , she was given an absolute discharge and does not have a criminal record .
Pantalone said at the time she made the plea out of " total , total frustration . "
No other details of the case can be made public .
Pantalone had been principal at Keele Street Junior Public School and Mountview Alternative , but after the court case the board transferred her .
Both the Toronto District School Board and the Ontario College of Teachers decided against disciplining Pantalone .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Pantalone , who began teaching in 1985 , is the sister of Toronto deputy mayor Joe Pantalone .
. --
A smooth road curves toward the hulking ethanol mill that One Earth Energy will open in June .
But the path to profitability might be rocky , as the fledgling company could face much larger rivals that have snapped up bankrupt mills at steep discounts .
Valero Energy Corp. , the country ’s largest oil refiner , broke into the farm - grown business last month , buying seven ethanol mills and a development site from bankrupt VeraSun Energy Corp. at a 70 % markdown .
Other mills could soon be up for auction , after Aventine Renewable Energy Holdings Inc. in Pekin , Ill. , filed for bankruptcy protection Wednesday and the recent disclosure that Pacific Ethanol Inc. in Sacramento is struggling to repay lenders after its $ 147 - million loss last year .
By acquiring ethanol mills on the cheap , big oil and other players could undercut firms such as One Earth Energy , which spent $ 166 million to build a plant for distilling corn into fuel .
Advertisement
“ The challenge to compete with those new ownerships is they have a lower cost of production because they have less debt , ” said Steve Kelly , president of One Earth Energy .
Heavy debt loads and historically high corn prices have been lethal to independent ethanol firms .
“ The growth in ethanol is mandated , but most U.S. independent ethanol producers have failed or are struggling to survive as stand - alone entities , ” wrote Chi Chow , an energy industry analyst for Tristone Capital .
Chow predicts a wave of consolidation among the country ’s 170 ethanol mills .
Agricultural processors such as Archer Daniels Midland Co. and Cargill Inc. also are expected to expand their ethanol holdings .
Brent King , who has restructured bankrupt biofuel plants , said ADM and Cargill were “ waiting for it to get bleak enough so they can buy plants at cents on the dollar . ”
Advertisement
A spokesman for ADM , which was outbid for the VeraSun mills , said the company was looking for strategic acquisitions .
Cargill declined to comment .
The $ 552 - million Valero deal gives the Texas - based refiner access to 780 million gallons of ethanol a year , so it would no longer have to buy the fuel additive from outside companies .
“ This will be a small part of Valero , but big for the ethanol industry , ” said Valero spokesman Bill Day , adding that the refiner intended to run the plants at full capacity .
As a result of the deal , ethanol producers counting on purchases by Valero will have to scramble for new customers , further depressing ethanol prices that have sunk to $ 1.58 a gallon from last summer ’s peak of about $ 2.80 a gallon , said Tom Elam , founder of FarmEcon LLC and an industry critic .
Lower prices could drive additional mills into bankruptcy .
Advertisement
“ In a market like this , farmer co-ops wo n’t do well , ” Elam said .
At the dawn of the ethanol boom , farmer co-ops embraced an integration strategy similar to what Valero is now pursing .
Corn growers banded together to start mills that would create new demand for an age - old crop .
Before launching One Earth Energy , Steve Kelly worked down the road for the Alliance Grain Co .
He estimates that the co-op stored about 3 million bushels of corn when he joined it in 1988 .
The figure reached almost 30 million bushels in 2005 , so Alliance needed an outlet for its corn , and One Earth Energy was born .
“ It always made sense to me to have the vertical integration , be part of that consumption chain after it leaves the farmer and the storage point , ” said Kelly , noting that Alliance will supply One Earth Energy with corn .
Advertisement
Kelly is optimistic about ethanol because it is a fraction of the fuel used by the country , so there could be room for additional production from mills in the years ahead .
U.S. motorists will use 138 billion gallons of gasoline this year , but the federal mandate is for 10.5 billion gallons of biofuels .
“ What gives us hope , ” Kelly said , “ is you still have growing populations around the world . ”
--
jboak@tribune.com
The Amarok team is proud to announce the release of Amarok 2.0.2 , codenamed " Only Time Will Tell " .
It is a maintenance release that fixes some critical bugs while we are working hard on the next major version .
A list of all changes can be found in the release announcement .
Your goal in this fun strategy game is to try to light all lights by completing the circuit in each level .
Lights are lit by connecting them to the correct color source .
Not all colors will always be readily available at the start .
Sometimes you will have to connect sources together to make new colors .
Good luck !
Use YOUR MOUSE to click on a tile to rotate it .
[ theora - dev ] libtheora 1.1 alpha1 ( thusnelda ) release
I 'm pleased to announce the first alpha release of the rewrite of the Xiph.org reference encoder for the Theora video format , codename " Thusnelda " .
http://downloads.xiph.org/releases/theora/libtheora-1.1alpha1.tar.bz2
http://downloads.xiph.org/releases/theora/libtheora-1.1alpha1.zip
http://downloads.xiph.org/releases/theora/libtheora-1.1alpha1.tar.gz
Please download one of the source packages and give us feedback .
This is a very alpha release , and may be unstable .
We 're making it more widely available at this point to facilitate wider testing and try to flush out those issues .
The primary change is a completely rewritten encoder with vastly improved quality vs. bitrate in the default vbr/ constant - quality mode , and better tracking of the target bitrate in cbr mode .
There are some minor changes to the decoder and examples , but the new encoder is the reason to try out this release .
Caveats : * GNU autotools and scons builds should work on GNU / Linux / BSD systems , including MacOS X * The Apple xcode project should work , but does n't build a separate libtheoraenc .
Use the legacy libtheora build for now .
*
The xmingw32 build mostly works .
* MSVC project files need updating for source code rearrangement .
This is straightforward ; just import the current lib / enc /*.c and delete things like encoder_disabled .c until it builds .
Patches for this appreciated .
*
Some minor build fixes have n't been ported from the 1.0 release yet .
Development work for this is still on a separate branch , and will remain so until we have some of the build and code reorganization issues settled .
If you 're curious to track the ongoing development , please ' svn checkout http://svn.xiph.org/branches/theora-thusnelda/'.
SHA - 1 checksums : 0f57662206944377387f35688b9f95055b85fa1e libtheora-1.1alpha1.tar.bz2 cbda32b85aca442128f953d0a14a86ea1cfb80dc libtheora-1.1alpha1.zip effcf0346d5d76b8fa14afd58c79640cba259b4c libtheora-1.1alpha1.tar.gz
Thanks to Mozilla.org and Wikimedia for their support of this work .
In the wake of Texas Governor Rick Perry ’s off - the - cuff comments last week that seemed to suggest he viewed the idea of seceding from the Union favorably , Texas Congressman Ron Paul has waded into the fray .
First , he made these comments in a video posted by his Campaign for Liberty over the weekend :
Then he expanded on those comments in an appearance on CNN ’s American Morning :
The biggest surprise to me was the outrage expressed over an individual who thinks along these lines , because I heard people say , well , this is treasonous and this was un-American .
But do n’t they remember how we came in to our being ?
We used secession , we seceded from England .
So it ’s a very good principle .
It ’s a principle of a free society .
It ’s a shame we do n’t have it anymore .
I argue that if you had the principle of secession , our federal government would n’t be as intrusive into state affairs and to me that would be very good .
We as a nation have endorsed secession all along .
Think of all of the secession of the countries and the republics from the Soviet system .
We were delighted .
We love it .
And yet we get hysterical over this just because people want to debate and defend the principle of secession , that does n’t mean they ’re calling for secession .
I think it ’s that restraining element of secession that would keep the federal government from doing so much .
In our early history , they accepted the principles of secession all along .
In response , Timothy Sandefur does a fairly good job of raking the Congressman — and by extension others who have taken up the secession banner as if it were an actual solution to our problems — over the coals :
Excuse me , Congressman , but the United States did not “ secede ” from Britain .
The nation had a revolution .
The difference between secession and revolution is , of course , one which paleoconservatives like Paul insist on ignoring , but it is a crucial one .
Secession is the notion that a state may unilaterally leave the American union , consistent with the Constitution of the United States .
Obviously since the revolution occurred in 1776 , eleven years before the Constitution , it ca n’t be called “ secession . ”
And perhaps that ’s why the word was not used by the founding fathers when they engaged in the revolution or even afterwards .
Secession is and always has been unconstitutional and illegal , for reasons discussed in my paper , How Libertarians Ought To Think About The U.S. Civil War .
The people certainly do retain the right of revolution , but revolution , of course , can only be justified on the basis of self - defense .
As the Declaration put it , only after a long train of abuses evince a design to reduce the people under absolute despotism may they throw off such government and implement new safeguards for their safety and happiness .
That is the principle of a free society : that government exists to protect individual rights and has no value aside from that protection .
I made a similar argument several years ago when I argued that the Southern Rebellion of 1860 was , morally and legally , unjustifiable :
In the most important part of the Declaration of Independence , Thomas Jefferson set forth the criteria for when armed rebellion is justified :
We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just Powers from the consent of the governed , ?
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness .
Prudence , indeed , will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that mankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed .
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new guards for their future security
In other words , taking up armed rebellion is not something that should be done for light or trivial reasons .
Nor it is something that should be done when there are other , less violent methods for effecting political change .
(…)
Lincoln had said nothing , and certainly in the months prior to his Inauguration , had done nothing , to indicate that such a threat existed .
Moreover , if the South had stayed in the Union and sent its Congressmen and Senators to Washington in 1861 , they would have represented a voting bloc large enough that they would have been able to block any legislation they did n’t like , especially in the Senate .
I ’ve quoted , rather approvingly , much of what Ron Paul has had to say over the past several months about the bailouts and Obama ’s economic policies , but on this one he ’s just plain wrong .
H/T : Jason Pye
C/P : Below The Beltway
The proliferation of widespread Internet access has enabled everyone and their dog to start a website , but not every one is filled with what some of us would describe as " credible " information .
That 's why some researchers are attempting to create software that can analyze Web content and automatically rank it to help out those who can't quite decide for themselves .
Researchers at the Austria - based Know - Center are working on a program that analyzes the language used on blogs in order to rank them as highly credible , having average credibility , or " little credible . "
The code looks at the distribution of words over time , and compares blog topics against articles from mainstream news , which are apparently weighted as being more credible .
" It has shown promising results , we think we are on the right path , " Know - Center researcher Andreas Juffinger said at the World Wide Web conference in Madrid this week , according to the AFP .
" It has to be automatic because it is not possible for customers to label and read all these blogs . "
Of course , comparing the facts and opinions posted on blogs to the mainstream media may not be the best way to determine credibility .
The beauty of the Internet is that people can write openly on almost any topic , and they may disagree heavily with the angle presented by certain news sources .
Those people will undoubtedly be miffed at automatically being categorized as " little credible " just because their opinions may differ .
Also showcased at the conference was a system developed by the Nara Institute of Science and Technology in Japan that may offer a more balanced view to eager Internet readers .
The software attempts to gather a number of different viewpoints on a particular topic and present them together to the user on a " statement map " to show how they are related .
And finally , researchers at the University of Udine in Italy presented a paper outlining an algorithm that assigns quality scores to Wikipedia articles and their authors in order to help users better determine whether what they 're reading is coming from a reliable source .
But with apparently few differences in accuracy between Wikipedia and Encyclopedia Britannica , such a tool may be more of a novelty for spotting obvious vandals than anything else .
Would water with any other label taste as sweet ?
Los Angeles County supervisors are n’t saying .
Every week , a college student who earns $ 9.92 an hour for a range of tasks peels the labels off water bottles , uses a computer to print out new ones emblazoned with the county seal and slaps them on .
The customized bottles are waiting for the five supervisors as they take on the official business of the nation ’s most populous county .
No one remembers exactly when the county labels first appeared , but they were able to say why : to avoid giving free advertising to the original bottler on public - access television broadcasts .
( Sources say the company is Arrowhead , but they declined to speak on the record ) .
Admittedly , the perk -- which has been in place for years -- is minor compared with the supervisors ’ option to buy a luxury vehicle and hire an armed chauffeur , included in a benefits package that is one of the region ’s most generous .
Advertisement
County officials say the cost is negligible and the labor takes just a minute .
The county is n’t alone in its questionable water habits .
An audit released this month by Los Angeles Controller Laura Chick found that city spending on bottled water had doubled , from $ 89,000 to $ 189,000 , in the three years since Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa told employees to buy their own .
Despite months spent focusing on the county ’s darkening budget picture , the supervisors were not eager to discuss their water labels .
They let aides do the talking .
“ Don did not want to comment , ” an aide to Supervisor Don Knabe wrote in an e-mail titled “ Water Water everywhere . ”
Advertisement
“ Zev does n’t want to talk about it , ” said Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky ’s aide .
There was no comment from the offices of Supervisors Gloria Molina or Mark Ridley - Thomas .
Only the spokesman for Supervisor Mike Antonovich offered up a ( somewhat ) refreshing response .
Said Tony Bell : “ My boss prefers green tea . ”
--
Advertisement
garrett.therolf@latimes.com
Barb 's got a great pick - up here on the Republican Party platform 's " English Only " plank .
But it 's not just funny because it's an " English Only " plea in support of a Latin motto .
And it 's not just funny because that Latin motto is n't actually our national motto .
It 's also funny because Sen. Jim " DuhMint " DeMint ( R - SC ) once threw a total shit - fit that the brand new Capitol Visitor Center dared make this same mistake , identifying " E Pluribus Unum " as the national motto :
Sen . Jim DeMint , a South Carolina Republican , had threatened to delay Tuesday 's opening of the marble - and - stone center that took seven years to build at triple the original cost .
" The current Capitol Visitor Center displays are left - leaning and in some cases distort our true history , " DeMint said .
The center 's " most prominent display proclaims faith not in God , but in government . "
DeMint , rated the most conservative senator by several think tanks and advocacy groups , also protested an engraved statement near the center 's entrance : " We have built no temple but the Capitol .
We consult no common oracle but the Constitution . "
That quote was uttered by Rufus Choate , a Massachusetts lawyer who represented his state in the House of Representatives in the 1830s and in the Senate the following decade .
" This is an intentional misrepresentation of our nation 's real history and an offensive refusal to honor America 's God - given blessings , " DeMint said .
Republican Sens. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma and Roger Wicker of Mississippi , along with Republican Rep. Randy Forbes of Virginia , joined DeMint in the protest .
The bill for DeMint 's demanded changes ?
$ 150,000 .
Was he right ?
Sorta .
That 's the national motto now , but not because of " our nation 's real history and an offensive refusal to honor America 's God-given blessings . "
Rather , it 's because nobody ever bothered to officially enshrine " E Pluribus Unum , " probably because it pretty much beyond question , leaving the door open for capitalizing on post - McCarthy demagoguery that likely was just too tiresome to contemplate fighting , even if you were so inclined .
Kind of like ... today .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A man who died during the G20 protest was pushed to the ground by a police officer , video footage has shown .
Ian Tomlinson , 47 , collapsed from a heart attack during protests outside the Bank of England last Wednesday .
Newsagent Mr Tomlinson , who was not protesting , is seen receiving a two - handed push from a police officer .
A New York fund manager recorded the footage , saying he came forward with the video because Mr Tomlinson 's family " were not getting any answers " .
The pictures were shot at 1929 BST at Royal Exchange Passage .
They are believed to be the last of Mr Tomlinson alive .
Mr Tomlinson 's family have appealed for witnesses Initially , the pictures show Mr Tomlinson walking away from a group of police officers .
He lands heavily on the ground before remonstrating with police .
Daniel Sandford , BBC Home Affairs correspondent , said : " Campaigners have been saying all along that Mr Tomlinson 's heart attack may have , in some way , been linked to how the police were treating protesters that evening .
" This is now going to raise some more serious questions about the police behaviour on that night .
" Why is it that one of the officers walks up to a man who appears to be walking away from him ?
" He [ Mr Tomlinson ] does not look like he is 100 % co-operative but he is not being unco-operative . "
The Guardian newspaper obtained the footage and it plans to hand the video to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) .
An IPCC spokeswoman said : " The IPCC has been made aware of the footage broadcast on a national newspaper 's website .
" We are now attempting to recover this evidence .
We will be assessing this along with the other statements and photographs that have already been submitted . "
Earlier , Mr Tomlinson 's family made an appeal for witnesses .
A statement from the family said : " Ian was a massive football fan and would have looked distinctive in his Millwall top .
" He was probably on his way back from work to watch the England match and got caught up in the crowds . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Should this Chinese man pay Christie for looted bronzes ?
( photo )
This guy bids via phone in Christie for looted bronzes .
Below are details from Yahoo.com
A Chinese art collector revealed himself as the man behind the winning bids for two imperial bronzes auctioned at Christie 's over Beijing 's objections , then announced he had no intention of paying the $ 36 million .
The audacious act of commercial sabotage exposes the tensions China and other countries , such as Greece and Egypt , face in trying to recover cultural objects plundered in war or stolen .
One overseas expert in looted relics called the fake bids " brilliant " — a ploy likely to be copied in future disputed sales .
The bogus bids were the latest attempt by both the Chinese government and private citizens to block the sale of the pieces , which disappeared when French and British forces sacked and burned the imperial Summer Palace outside Beijing in 1860 at the end of the second Opium War .
Chinese view the devastation of the palace as a national humiliation .
Auction house owner Cai Mingchao said Monday he put in telephone bids for the bronze rat and rabbit heads — part of a collection owned by the late French designer Yves Saint Laurent — during last week 's auction in Paris .
The three - day sale set a record for the most valuable private collection sold at auction , bringing more than $ 484 million .
" What I need to stress is that this money cannot be paid , " Cai told a news conference in Beijing .
" At the time , I was thinking that any Chinese would do this if they could ... I only did what I was obliged to . "
Pierre Berge , Saint Laurent 's longtime partner , told France - Info radio that he was not altogether surprised by the maneuver since he believes " the Chinese would have done anything to try to get back the pieces . "
Berge said he would keep the bronzes if Cai does n't pay up .
An official with Christie 's in Paris on Monday confirmed the bronzes were still in the auction house 's possession but would not give details .
The official was not authorized to be publicly named , according to company policy .
Actually paying for the bronzes would equal paying ransom , some Chinese have said .
Cai's fake bids drew praise for patriotism , but others said the move could sink his career .
Attempts to reach him after the news conference were unsuccessful .
The Chinese government said Monday it had nothing to do with the bids .
The government had tried to stop the sale , saying the bronzes should be returned instead .
Christie 's stood by its right to sell them , and a French court rejected a Chinese group 's petition to block the sale .
" I can't speak to the legalities of this collector 's actions , but it is a brilliant move that is likely to be copycatted and has thrown a wrench in the market , " said Lawrence Rothfield , author of the forthcoming book " The Rape of Mesopotamia : Behind the Looting of the Iraq Museum " and professor at the University of Chicago 's Cultural Policy Center .
" But it is important to recognize that dealers and museums have made it easier for countries to demand repatriation of artifacts stolen many decades ago because they have not cleaned up their act , " Rothfield added .
Julian Radcliffe , chairman of the London - based Art Loss Register , which maintains the world 's largest database on stolen , missing and looted art , said China had a moral claim to the bronzes , but not a legal one .
" Legally there is no question that the French are in the right , " he said .
" Items taken by Napoleon to fill the Louvre , items taken in the 1860s — there is no question , those cannot legally be reclaimed by China .
However , there is a moral and political dimension to this . "
He said the latest development was a " publicity campaign " that may make it easier to come to a settlement with Berge and Christie's .
" Any activity like this does tend to cast a taint over the provenance of the item , which makes people think twice before attempting to buy it , " he said .
In a statement , Christie 's said , " We are aware of today 's news reports .
As a matter of policy , we do not comment on the identity of our consignors or buyers , nor do we comment or speculate on the next steps that we might take in this instance . "
Cai's fake bids apparently were made in cooperation with China 's Lost Cultural Relics Recovery Program , a group dedicated to repatriating looted Chinese art .
On its Web site , the group describes itself as a non-governmental cultural body set up by collectors and scholars , and Cai serves as an adviser .
" This is an extraordinary method taken in an extraordinary situation , which successfully stopped the auction , " the group 's vice director , Niu Xianfeng , said at the press conference .
If the bids are voided , the group wo n't do anything in response , Niu said .
China has intensified efforts to retrieve looted relics .
When official protests against similar auctions failed , state - owned companies and rich Chinese individuals have stepped in to buy the pieces .
However , China 's State Administration of Cultural Heritage put out a statement discouraging private collectors from buying the bronzes and returning them to China .
The agency said Monday it had no idea about plans for a bogus bid .
" We did not know about this until the news conference this morning , " said a woman who answered the phone at the administration .
She declined to give her name , in line with official policy .
" The people and the fund have absolutely no connections with us . "
The stunt was admirable but too extreme , said Wang Linmao , a history professor at Zhejiang University who specializes in the late Qing period — the era when the imperial palace was sacked .
" It is now almost as if every time a looted Chinese relic gets auctioned overseas , Chinese people feel compelled to buy it back , " Wang said .
" I do n't think this should be the case .
It is a good thing if we can get them back , because it is about washing off the 100 - year national humiliation .
But it 's not like we have to buy them back at all costs . "
Stuck with a mound of HD - DVDs and an HD - DVD player that 's looking more and more worthless with each passing day ?
Well , in the first glimmer of hope in over a year , Warner Brothers wants to give you a chance to jump on board with the rest of the media bandwagon .
" Come over to Blu-ray , " the WB taunts .
" But why ?!
I 'm invested in HD DVD !
I do n't wanna just throw this all away ! "
Well , WB heard your cries of stubborn consumerism despair .
In a move that I 'm somewhat thrilled to see ( though entirely unsure of in the fiscal sense ) , Warner Brothers is offering a trade in for all the WB HD - DVDs you might have purchased during the format war .
By all accounts that 's really cool - if you 've since purchased a Blu-ray player .
I 'd be remiss if I did n't confess that I thought Sony was in the background pulling the strings on this one .
Check out Red2 Blu for more details .
But is the deal all it 's cracked up to be ?
But if you have n't bought a Blu-ray player yet , and you 're sitting on a stack of about 20 or 30 HD - DVDs would you want the exchange ?
Warner Brothers and Sony are taking a new angle on the Blu-ray evangelism route .
Instead of saying " Buy a Blu-ray and gradually buy titles , " they 're saying " get the titles for the severly discounted price of $ 5 a pop via exchange and then , because you now have this new format , go buy a Blu-ray player . "
It 's a very strange way of converting those hard - headed HD DVD folk , but come on , to their credit this is a pretty neat way of offering incentive .
But the question is , again , is it worth it ?
Why you would : they 're not making any more HD - DVDs , no one is .
You 're sitting on a dead format that was inferior from the get - go .
We admire your loyalty but there is a point where being stubborn is detrimental to your entertainment health .
Why you would n't : you 're still left with a ) the hardware and b ) all of the HD - DVDs you purchased that are n't from Warner Brothers .
Now , if everybody would follow the lead of WB and offer a similar trade in package then this plan might gain some steam .
The long - run problem is that you do have to go out and buy a whole new piece of hardware .
That process becomes even more aggravating because unlike the media , the hardware manufacturers are n't going to be offering a HD - DVD for Blu-ray player trade - in any time soon .
I guarantee it .
It 's times like this when you appreciate a studio's first steps to bridge a gap that 's been swinging empty and disconnected since the dust of the format war settled .
On the other hand , this is n't a problem that just one studio can fix .
To truly convert the HD - DVD faithful , all of the studios that peddled the dead format need to step up and offer a swap service .
But again , a whole bunch of people are going to be left with hunks of metal rendered useless .
HD - DVD player meet the Sega Dreamcast , you two have a lot to talk about .
We just got the announcement , iPhone OS 3.0 is coming .
Set your clocks , mark your calendars .
It 's going down March 17th .
Apparently , we 'll get a sneak peak at the new OS , as well as a look at a brand new version of the SDK .
Exciting stuff indeed , and we 'll be there live at 10 am PST ( 1 pm EST ) with the liveblog .
Apple 's calling this an " advance preview of what we 're building , " so we 're not expecting anything ready to go as of the 17th , but hopefully this will allow developers to start building toward future functionality ( hey , how about some push notifications ? ) , and presumably users wo n't have too many months to wait after that for the real deal .
INSTITUTE , W.Va .  Last August , an explosion tore through the Bayer CropScience chemical plant here , killing two employees and raising the fears of residents in what has long been known as Chemical Valley .
Now , a federal agency wants to hold a public hearing to lay out its preliminary findings about what caused the accident .
But Bayer , citing a terrorism - related federal law , is trying to limit what the agency can disclose .
Bayer contends that because it has a dock for barge shipments on the adjacent Kanawha River , its entire 400 - acre site qualifies under the 2002 federal Maritime Transportation Security Act .
It has asked the Coast Guard , which has jurisdiction under the act , to review the public release of “ sensitive security information . ”
The agency that wants to hold the hearing , the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board , says it is the first time in its 11 years of operation that a company has tried to limit what could be discussed publicly , and the first time the maritime act has been invoked this way .
We ’ve already discussed what the $ 10 billion in economic stimulus might mean for high - speed rail .
But the Economic Recovery and Reinvestment Act signed into law by President Obama , also includes an increase in the tax benefit for many users of mass transit who can now save up to $ 1,000 a year or more on their transit commute .
This represents a potential $ 440 a year increase in what they can save currently .
The Tax - Free Commuter Benefits , which let employees pay for mass transit tickets with pretax dollar , will increase the amount of pretax income that workers enrolled in employer - sponsored commuter benefits programs can use to pay for mass transit — from $ 120 per month to $ 230 per month .
“ This law nearly doubles the savings employees can enjoy by using mass transit and sets us on a path to a future that ’s both economically and environmentally sustainable , ” said Larry Filler , President and CEO of TransitCenter and one of the key drivers behind this provision .
Employers that participate in the program will benefit as well .
Companies offering the benefit can save up to an additional $ 100 per employee per year in payroll taxes .
According to the American Public Transportation Association , switching from driving to riding mass transit reduces CO2 emissions by 4,800 pounds per person per year .
Developing bombshell : David Faber reporting that AIG has retained Weil Gotshal .
The reason is that the company will allegedly post a $ 60 billion loss , which will result in the usual cycle of credit downgrades , collateral postings , more capital needed to survive , and yet another mega systemic if not shock then question mark .
Poor Geithner is likely about to follow Stamatis ' example and just call it a day .
Sphere : Related Content
My husband of two months has always treated me very well , and is usually thoughtful .
But , one week before our wedding , he broke a promise .
I hate the whole stripper thing , so he agreed to a coed party at a dueling piano bar .
There was a strip club next door , but he promised he would n’t go in .
All was well until I learned that he and his brother ( who ’s nothing but trouble ) were at the strip club .
I went over and went crazy and tossed an ashtray at his head .
I was kicked out , they followed , and his brother yelled at me .
I wanted to call off the wedding , but we still got married .
Since then , I keep bringing this up and he keeps begging for forgiveness , saying he ’d never been so drunk , and he did n’t know what he was doing .
I just ca n’t understand how he could hurt me this way .
-- Still So Angry Inside
If your husband tossed an ashtray at your head , do you think he’d be describing himself as “ Still So Angry Inside ” or “ Still In Court Trying To Get The Charges Reduced ” ?
It does n’t take much for domestic violence against men to be taken seriously … usually , just a chalk outline where a man ’s body used to be .
The rest of the time , people tend to shrug it off or even find it cute : “ Well , well , well , she ’s quite the firecracker ! ”
Granted , male abusers can do much more damage with their fists , but put a heavy object in a woman ’s hands , and good morning brain damage !
( Just wondering …has your husband gotten the ashtray out of his skull , or does he have to hang around smoking areas with his head bent down so people have someplace to flick their ash ? )
But , he broke his promise !
Bummer .
Human nature happens .
If your husband ’s a cad , why marry him at all ( could n’t get the catering deposit back ) ?
If he ’s a good guy who got drunk and slipped ( maybe after his bro gave him a little push ) , why make him sorry he married you ?
Sure , if he keeps slipping , say , by tucking your monthly mortgage payment into some stripper ’s g-string , that ’s one thing .
But , come on …two - plus months later , are you really reacting to what happened -- or just acting out as a means of controlling him ?
Consider what you ’re doing to him and to your marriage by showing him that nothing he says or does makes the slightest bit of difference .
As a friend of mine likes to say , “ Your proctologist called .
They found your head . ”
You can stay married to your grudge or your husband , pick one .
Frankly , you each have a lot of work to do in therapyland , individually and together .
You have to deal with your uncontrollable anger and the underlying issues -- probably insecurity and fear of being ditched -- and get in the habit of expressing your fears instead of weaponizing them .
Your husband needs to start standing up for himself -- for starters , by doing a Senator Craig and withdrawing his guilty plea .
The correct response ?
The one your girlfriends would be pushing on you if the tables were turned : “ There ’s no excuse for domestic abuse ! ” ( Physical or emotional . )
Finally , the two of you should attend one of Dr. John Gottman ’s research - based marriage weekends ( gottman.com ) and learn to have a partnership instead of a monarchy .
Marital harmony can be yours , just not by getting your husband to “ agree ” to like what you like : stag parties featuring your fat , fully clothed co-workers burying their heads in plates of cake instead of some hot young thing leaping naked out of one .
*
When you look up on a dark , clear , moonless night , you might just see a faint fuzzy streak cutting across the sky .
That 's the Milky Way , called that because it looks like milk has spilled across the sky .
But when you look at it through a telescope , it resolves itself into millions upon millions of stars .
Faint and tightly packed , they merge together , forming a fuzzy streak because we lack the resolution in our eyes to separate out the stars .
The same is true when you look at the sky in X - rays .
A pervasive X - ray glow permeates the same area of the sky as the Milky Way , and for many years astronomers have n't known if this is due to a vast ribbon of million - degree hot gas and is truly a fuzzy glow , or if it 's caused by lots and lots of point sources packed together .
NASA 's orbiting Chandra X -ray observatory has finally resolved ( haha ! I kill me ) the issue .
Behold :
The image shown is a Spitzer infrared image of a region very near the center of the Milky Way .
Chandra stared at the indicated spot for roughly 250 hours ( ! ) — one of the deepest exposures ever taken using the observatory — and instead of a faint , diffuse glow it found hundreds of faint point sources of X - rays .
This strongly indicates that the glow in X - rays seen by earlier telescopes is in fact the combined glow of millions of such discrete sources !
This is good news ; it hardly seemed possible that there was a source of energy that could keep so much gas heated to millions of degrees .
But now we have another question : what the heck are the point sources ?
Most likely they ’re white dwarfs , stars like the Sun whose lives are over , and all that ’s left is the hot , dense core .
If a white dwarf is in a tight orbit around a normal star , it can draw material off that star .
This matter piles up on the dwarf and gets very hot , emitting X - rays .
It can also build up to a critical point and undergo massive spontaneous fusion , again blasting out X - rays .
There are most likely other sources of X - rays in there as well , including highly magnetic binary stars , neutron stars , and black holes .
I love this observation .
It ’s everything science should be : an interesting question , a straightforward observation to determine the solution , a willingness on the part of the observatory directors to take a lot of precious telescope time to make the observation , and a result that is so clean it ’s pretty easy to interpret .
If only all things in science were like this .
But of course , sometimes the fun is at the edges , where observations are tricky , the physics uncertain , and the results surprising and leading to new vistas to explore .
Simple and clean , or difficult and fuzzy : science has room for both .
Credit : X-ray ( NASA / CXC/TUM/M.Revnivtsev et al. ) ; IR ( NASA / JPL - Caltech / GLIMPSE Team )
Ever since the beginning of the second intifada in 2000 , there has been a familiar pattern in the Occupied Territories : Israel destroys Palestinian civilian infrastructure , and the international community foots the bill .
This has been reproduced once more , on a grand scale , as billions of dollars were promised this week at the Egypt - hosted donor conference for devastated Gaza , far exceeding the Palestinian Authority 's initial target .
It remains to be seen how much of this aid will actually get through to the Palestinians imprisoned in Gaza , who continue to live in the rubble of thousands of homes , and hundreds of businesses , factories and schools .
Two - thirds of the US contribution of $ 900 million , for example , is not even earmarked for Gaza .
There is also the question of how the aid will make a practical difference on the ground , given that Israel refuses to let in even tomato paste and paper – not to mention construction materials , generators ( or " an entire water purification system " ) .
Human Rights
Watch executive director Kenneth Roth observed : " Israel 's blockade policy can be summed up in one word and it is punishment , not security . "
The practicalities of promised aid translating into reconstruction should not distract , however , from three fundamental problems with the donor conference .
The first is that it is yet another manifestation of the economically crippling and politically flawed donor - dependency framework begun by the Oslo process .
This has meant pouring money into the Palestinian Authority , the permanently - temporary " state in waiting " , in order to keep a failed institution solvent and Palestinian society away from the brink of collapse .
Not only does Israel get to shirk its responsibility as the occupying power , but the aid focus also demonstrates the international community 's lack of political will to tackle the root causes of the Palestinian economic crisis and social disintegration .
Tony Blair made his first visit to the Gaza Strip in his capacity as the Quartet 's special envoy the day before the donor conference .
While Blair described himself as " appalled by what is happening " in Gaza , as well as declaring that lifting the Israeli " blockade " was essential , his comments made it feel like Gaza had suffered a natural disaster , rather than a massive military attack deliberately targeting civilian infrastructure .
Interviewed on al - Jazeera English , Blair did not mention Israel 's onslaught once , barring an acknowledgement that " people can disagree strongly with actions that Israel has taken " .
He did however identify the overarching " problem " – " a divided Palestinian politics " and the " rockets fired at innocent Israeli civilians " from Gaza .
Israel , it seems , is not responsible at all for the " problem " .
On the day of the donor conference , Ha'aretz 's website led with " Clinton : Mideast peace can't afford more delays " , while the second headline was " Gaza donor conference : Who is pledging what " .
The third story , however , was " Peace Now : Israel planning 73,000 new homes in the West Bank " .
Even leaving aside the West Bank context , the root of Gaza 's problem is not a lack of aid , but Israel 's politically - motivated blockade .
It 's not primarily about the rockets , or even Gilad Shalit : it is " a siege designed to depose Hamas rule " .
Some people can have short memories .
Israel 's " ever - tighter economic blockade " goes back to the redeployment of summer 2005 and it considerably worsened after the Palestinian parliamentary elections .
Israel 's goal , as Ha'aretz described , " was to prevent Hamas from enabling the population to lead a normal life " , an act that " constituted collective punishment for 1.5 million Palestinians " , with the assumption being " that economic distress would bring down the Hamas regime " .
The second problem with the donor conference is the way in which it was another exercise in denying the obvious : Hamas has to be engaged , not sidelined .
There 's something absurd , for example , about the British government 's parallel recognition of the need to talk with Hamas ( itself a relatively new development ) , as long as it's not '" us " doing the talking .
The donor conference then , called on behalf of a territory whose ruling authorities are to be excluded from both the planning and implementation of reconstruction , is a continuation of a bankrupt and failed strategy .
In a superb bit of unintended irony , Blair was asked on al - Jazeera about the prospect of working with a hard - right Netanyahu government .
His reply – " We 've got to work with whoever the Israeli people elect " – should tell the Palestinians exactly how much their democratic will is valued in comparison .
The third problem with the donor conference is the hypocrisy of seeing countries that are responsible for Gaza 's miserable state lining up to score political points by donating money for aid .
It 's not only that Israel received military hardware and diplomatic cover from the same dignitaries now shaking their heads at the " devastation " they did nothing to stop .
In fact , Gaza was suffering under abysmal conditions before Operation Cast Lead , on account of the international community 's policies of punitive isolation and aid - as - weapon .
Just a few weeks after the Palestinian Legislative Council elections in early 2006 discussions began between the US and Israel about how best to " destabilise the Palestinian government " .
The intention , the New York Times reported , would be " to starve the Palestinian Authority of money and international connections " so that " Palestinians will be so unhappy with life under Hamas that they will return to office a reformed and chastened Fatah movement " .
While Israel was implementing its own sanctions , the Quartet decided to cut aid to the PA , in what Médecins Sans Frontières described as " retaliatory measures that impact on the entire population " .
It was obvious , even in April 2006 , what kind of disastrous effects such policies would have on Palestinian society and politics , as the UN and local NGOs anticipated .
A year on from the PLC elections , Oxfam was warning that " conditions in the Occupied Palestinian Territories were close to melt - down " as a direct result of the international community 's boycott of the PA .
The charity 's international director pointed out that " using international aid as a battering ram to force through political change is not only immoral but also counter - productive " .
Unfortunately , the donor conference is another sign that as yet there still has been no fundamental shift in policy , three years on from Hamas 's success in the Palestinian elections .
You should n't have to live in Gaza to work out that " open borders , not handouts " are the way forward .
Whether subsiding the heavily colonised West Bank , or paying for what Israel destroyed in Gaza , the international community in its approach to the Palestinian people continues to display a lack of consistency , courage , and plain common sense .
Twitter cofounder and CEO Ev Williams is headed to the White House today .
The administration invited him to join a “ young business leaders " summit to discuss the economic crises .
As Ev himself puts it -- in a Twitter message , of course -- " [ this ] must mean they 're * really * out of ideas . "
A reminder : With 6 million members and 700 % plus growth , Twitter makes no money in the US .
( It sells some ads in Japan ) .
( See also : Jon Stewart On Twitter : " I Have No Idea How It Works , Or Why It Is " )
The GNU project started in 1983 , with the stated intent to “ free unix ” .
Free in the sense that it would not be restricted for use , and would be available at no charge .
In the words of the initiator of the project , Richard Stallman , the goals of the project were ambitious :
“ To begin with , GNU will be a kernel plus all the utilities
needed to write and run C programs : editor , shell , C compiler ,
linker , assembler , and a few other things .
After this we will
add a text formatter , a YACC , an Empire game , a spreadsheet ,
and hundreds of other things .
We hope to supply , eventually ,
everything useful that normally comes with a Unix system ,
and anything else useful , including on - line and hardcopy
documentation . ” - Richard Stallman
1983 , net.unix - wizards mailing list
link
While the GNU project is much larger than the originally listed components , the first four are listed below by their official names :
Of those , only the last 3 are in common use by Linux distros .
The HURD kernel has been in development for decades and has never matured to a state where it could replace the Linux kernel .
Even if we account for all of the other things the GNU project contributes to a fully functional Linux distribution ( there are a lot ) , the sum of all the parts is not made up of only the Linux kernel and the GNU components .
There are significant pieces shipped with a Linux distribution that have nothing to do with the GNU project .
Some of them are not even licensed under the FSFs preferred licenses .
Some significant ones :
The X.org Windowing system – Not GPL , not from GNU
The Qt framework – Originally proprietary , not from GNU
Firefox – Nothing to do with GNU
There are others , but just those 3 things are a significant part of of a shipped Linux distribution .
While it is true that the foundation that enables all these things to run is made up of a significant number of GNU components , it is also made up of the Linux kernel , which is essential if you want the system to work at all , and other significant components that are involved in booting and managing the system .
For instance the init system , which is the first process the kernel executes and is in charge of starting ( and now managing in some cases ) the rest of the system , has nothing to do with GNU , none of the current implementations of an init daemon came from the GNU project .
Oh there is one , it ’s called DMD ( and it sounds cool ) , but so far as i can tell most major Linux distributions are not using it .
Ubuntu developed their own called Upstart , everyone else uses either the sysvinit package written by Miquel van Smoorenburg , or the BSD init package .
Now of course nothing is entirely isolated , these things all depend on each other and lower level systems and libraries to function , for instance many programs make use of the GTK + toolkit , or the GNU C library , but that does not make them GNU projects .
If we were to make a chart with 2 columns , one side GNU , other side “ 3rd party ” , which column do you suppose Firefox , Gnome , Pidgin , Xfce , or any other high level interface component or program would go in ?
If we are to declare that a system using GNU components among other things , should be called the GNU operating system , are we saying that the operating system is primarily defined by these low level components ?
And that only the GNU components should get a spot in the official name of an operating system that makes use of them ?
The GNU components are n’t much use without a kernel or an existing complete operating system to use them on , the Linux kernel does n’t do much without some userland software like the GNU components , and none of the high level components listed like Firefox or Gnome would work at all without an operating system underneath them .
But since that is the case , might an average user of Ubuntu refer to their operating system as the Mozilla / X.
Org / Gnome / GNU / Linux operating system ?
That would be silly .
So what is the measure by which we justify including the name of a specific contributor in the official title of an operating system ?
Is it lines of code ?
Percentage of total space used ?
Are we going to have to go through the lines of code one by one and count them , or count the absolute size in kilobytes of all of these components to see which group makes up the majority ?
Fortunately we do n’t have to do that , the GNU project has a webpage up on their site about this very topic , unsurprisingly they take the opposite position that I do .
On that page , they actually give an example of a measurement someone made at one point , comparing the total contribution of the GNU project to an arbitrary distribution compared to other projects and developers .
It was 15 % in 2008 .
The GNU project explains away their reasoning that the GNU components are “ the largest single contingent ” , which clearly justifies naming the whole thing GNU .
I ’m not even sure if that is true at this point , some of the high level libraries are absolutely huge , the kde libraries and the Qt libraries they make use of are probably over 100 MB alone .
They also state that the Linux kernel makes up 1.5 % , so why not drop it entirely ?
Just call it the GNU operating system .
Or maybe the significance of the code in question should define the operating system ?
The kernel is very important so we obviously must keep it in the name , but to an average Ubuntu user , the Firefox web browser and the desktop environment they use are probably the most significant , second only to the fact that their hardware ( hopefully ) works correctly thanks to the kernel .
So that would be Mozilla / Gnome / Linux or Mozilla / KDE / Linux .
Stupid right ?
In the end , all of this is absurd narcissism , 15 % of the codebase is a minority .
The whole point of free software is that the best parts to do a specific job are used , re-used , modified , passed around and compiled into complete usable operating system distributions , or not .
It ’s just software , it ’s out there if someone wants to use it .
Many other packages are included in a distribution like Ubuntu , most of them are essential in delivering the user experience .
To trivialize all of the other excellent software that goes into a complete operating system like Ubuntu , and demand that an implementation of a free Unix - like operating system should be defined by what the GNU project claims is the largest single contributor , is arrogant .
The largest contributor is the COMMUNITY , so why do n’t we just call it Community / Linux , or CommunityOS ?
We have a brand name already , Linux .
It is easily recognized , most sysadmins know what Linux is , most companies are aware of its advantages , and a growing number of users are using a distribution of this operating system and calling it Linux .
It is easy to say , compared to GNU / Linux or even just GNU .
The GNU projects preferred pronunciation is Guh-new , which is even harder to say than spelling the letters out ( which is what i do , by the way ) .
At this point Linux is the defacto brand for all this software , so get behind it .
SEATTLE , Washington ( CNN ) --
Ann Holmes Redding has what could be called a crisis of faiths .
Ann Holmes Redding says she sees no contradiction in being both a Christian minister and a Muslim .
For nearly 30 years , Redding has been an ordained minister in the Episcopal Church .
Her priesthood ended Wednesday when she was defrocked .
The reason ?
For the past three years Redding has been both a practicing Christian and a Muslim .
" Had anyone told me in February 2006 that I would be a Muslim before April rolled around , I would have shaken my head in concern for the person 's mental health , " Redding recently told a crowd at a signing for a book she co-authored on religion .
Redding said her conversion to Islam was sparked by an interfaith gathering she attended three years ago .
During the meeting , an imam demonstrated Muslim chants and meditation to the group .
Redding said the beauty of the moment and the imam 's humbleness before God stuck with her .
" It was much more this overwhelming conviction that I needed to surrender to God and this was the form that my surrender needed to take , " she recalled .
" It was n't just an episode but .... was a step that I was n't going to step back from . "
Ten days later Redding was saying the shahada -- the Muslim declaration of belief in the oneness of God and acceptance of Mohammad as his prophet .
But Redding said she felt her new Muslim faith did not pose a contradiction to her staying a Christian and minister .
" Both religions say there 's only one God , " Redding said , " and that God is the same God .
It 's very clear we are talking about the same God !
So I have n't shifted my allegiance . "
Watch Redding say , " Being a Muslim makes me a better Christian " »
The imam at the Islamic Center in Seattle , Washington , where Redding prays said she brings the best of both traditions to her beliefs .
" Coming from an example of wanting to be Christ - like and coming from the perspective of wanting to follow the best example -- the example of our prophet Mohammed -- it all makes sense then , " Benjamin Shabazz said .
There are many contradictions between the two religions .
While Islam recognizes Jesus as a prophet , Christianity worships him as the son of God .
James Wellman , who chairs the department of comparative religion at the University of Washington , said that while it is not unusual for people to " mix and match " beliefs , it is almost unheard of for a minister to claim two religions .
" When you take ordination as a Christian minister , you take an explicit vow of loyalty to Jesus .
It 's hard for me to understand how a Christian minister could have dual loyalties , " Wellman said .
Redding said she sees the theological conflicts but that the two religions , at their core , " illuminate " each other .
" When I took my shahada , I said there 's no God but God and that Mohammed is God 's prophet or messenger .
Neither of those statements , neither part of that confession or profession denies anything about Christianity , " she said .
To her parishioners and family , though , Redding has turned her back on her faith and office .
There was , she said , " universal puzzlement " at her decision to convert to Islam but still remain an Episcopal minister .
" I have people who love me very much who really do n't want me to do this , and I love them very much .
And I would love to be able to say , ' Because I love you I will renounce my orders ' or ' I will renounce Islam ' ...
I hate causing pain to people who love me , that 's not my intention , " Redding said .
The Episcopal Church also rejected Redding 's religious choice .
" The church interprets my being a Muslim as ' abandoning the church , ' " she said .
" And that [ there ] comes an understanding that you have to be one or the other , and most people would say that .
It simply has n't been my experience that I have to make a choice between the two . "
The Diocese of Rhode Island , where Redding was ordained , told her to leave either her new Muslim faith or the ministry .
A diocese statement said Bishop Geralyn Wolf found Redding to be " a woman of utmost integrity .
However , the Bishop believes that a priest of the Church cannot be both a Christian and a Muslim . "
Even though she has been defrocked , Redding said she is not capable of turning her back on either faith .
She said she wants to continue speaking about and teaching religion and perhaps even travel to the Hajj , a journey to Mecca that every Muslim is supposed to make in their lifetime .
Redding said she does not want her belief in two religions to diminish the value she holds for both Christianity and Islam .
Each faith by itself is enough to fulfill a person spiritually , she said .
" It 's all there .
I am not saying you have to go somewhere else to be complete .
Some people do n't need glasses , some people need single lenses .
I need bifocals . "
All About Christianity • Islam
But another member , Beverly Long , a retired school administrator who now teaches education at the Citadel , said that when she first moved to Charleston from Toronto in 2001 , “ the first question people asked me was , What church do you belong to ? ” Ms. Long attended Wednesday dinners at a Methodist church , for the social interaction , but never felt at home .
Since her youth , she had doubted the existence of God but did not discuss her views with others .
Ms. Long found the secular humanists through a newspaper advertisement and attended a meeting .
Now , she is ready to go public , she said , especially after doing some genealogical research recently .
“ I had ancestors who fought in the American Revolution so I could speak my mind , ” she said .
Until recent years , the Secular Humanists of the Lowcountry were local pariahs .
Mr. Silverman  whose specialty license plate , one of many offered by the state , says “ In Reason We Trust ”  was invited to give the invocation at the Charleston City Council once , but half the council members walked out .
The local chapter of Habitat for Humanity would not let the Secular Humanists volunteer to build houses wearing T - shirts that said “ Non Prophet Organization , ” he said .
When their billboard went up in January , with their Web site address displayed prominently , they expected hate mail .
“ But most of the e-mails were grateful , ” said Laura Kasman , an assistant professor of microbiology and immunology at the Medical University of South Carolina .
The board members meeting in the Kasmans ’ living room were an unlikely mix that included a gift store owner , a builder , a grandmother , a retired nursing professor , a retired Navy officer , an administrator at a primate sanctuary and a church musician .
They are also diverse in their attitudes toward religion .
Loretta Haskell , the church musician , said : “ I did struggle at one point as to whether or not I should be making music in churches , given my position on things .
But at the same time I like using my music to move people , to give them comfort .
And what I ’ve found is , I am not one of the humanists who feels that religion is a bad thing . ”
Critics have long complained that mutual fund fees are too high , wrongfully enriching Wall Street at the expense of ordinary Americans .
On Monday , the U.S. Supreme Court said it would take on the contentious issue .
The court agreed to hear a case in which individual investors have accused their fund company of charging excessive fees .
At issue is the legal standard that small investors must meet to bring lawsuits against fund companies .
The court will consider whether a ruling last year sets too high a bar for investors to challenge the annual levies .
Advertisement
Fees have become a highly charged subject in recent years as Americans have come to rely on 401 ( k ) plans to finance retirement , and they ’ve taken on greater relevance as the stock market has tumbled during the financial crisis .
“ It ’s very significant because mutual funds are now the investment vehicle of choice for most American investors .
They ’re the vehicle for planning for our retirements , ” said James Cox , a Duke University law professor .
Critics say the fund industry reaps big profits by not passing along economies of scale achieved through decades of growth .
As proof , the critics say , investment firms charge much higher fees to individual mutual fund investors than to pension funds and other institutional investors for essentially the same services .
Advertisement
The court decided to review a case in which three investors sued Harris Associates , which manages the Oakmark funds .
The investors alleged that Oakmark ’s average fees as a percentage of assets rose from 1993 to 2003 even though the company ’s assets under management jumped 40 - fold to more than $ 11.7 billion .
Critics say that -- unlike industries such as manufacturing , which must hire workers and buy extra raw materials to service new customers -- mutual fund companies incur few additional costs when adding investors .
Thus , the levies charged to newcomers “ represent almost pure profit ” to fund managers , the investors said in their suit .
Advertisement
“ We think the issue is important to a broad group of investors and we ’re gratified the court has taken the case , ” said David C. Frederick , the suing investors ’ attorney .
Average fund fees have declined slowly over the last decade , to 1.24 % of assets last year from 1.34 % in 1998 , according to Morningstar Inc .
An Oakmark spokesman did not return a phone call seeking comment .
“ This is an important case for the mutual fund industry and fund boards , ” said Rachel McTague , a spokeswoman for the Investment Company Institute , the fund industry ’s main trade group .
“ We will certainly continue to follow it closely . ”
Advertisement
The case the high court agreed to hear is an appeal of a ruling last year that made it more difficult for individual investors to challenge fund fees .
Until that ruling , courts relied on a 1982 legal standard known as Gartenberg , which itself sets high hurdles for plaintiffs to prevail in fee - related cases .
Last year ’s ruling laid down even tougher standards , which some experts said would make it virtually impossible for investors to bring fee cases .
The appeals court concluded that the fund industry was a competitive business and that dissatisfied investors could move to lower - cost funds , Cox said .
Advertisement
Critics dismiss that reasoning , saying investors in 401 ( k ) s and other retirement plans are essentially stuck with funds ( and , therefore , fund managers ) chosen by their employers .
Both decisions spring from an attempt by Congress in 1970 to force mutual fund directors to charge fees that are fair .
The ability of investors to sue , and the willingness of fund companies to lower fees , will depend largely on the Supreme Court ruling , experts said .
Even if the court nullifies the more stringent standards , investors might not benefit significantly unless the justices also dispense with Gartenberg in favor of a more lenient standard .
Advertisement
Gartenberg is “ still a very tough standard for people to meet , ” said Deborah Zuckerman , an attorney at retiree organization AARP .
--
walter.hamilton@latimes.com
In a week filled with stories of Swine Flu , I was pleased to read this wonderful piece in the Chicago Sun Times about Mr. T , reporting for Jury Duty .
Yep , B.A. Baracus of the A - Team or Clubber Lang from Rocky III , reported for Jury Duty just like any other American .
Ok , maybe not exactly like the rest of us would .
Here are some excerpts from the article :
“ It ’s not about ‘ The A - Team ; ’ it ’s the J - Team — the jury team . ”
Sporting camouflage pants , a T - shirt , gym shoes and a longer version of his signature hairstyle , Mr. T — the only living person besides President Obama to have a Chia pottery figure modeled after him — carried a matching camo jacket and a gym bag with the logo “ Lord ’s Gym . ”
“ You ’ve got to testify !
Tell somebody about it .
God is good ! ” he told an admirer as he tried to leave the building .
“ I pity the fool that do n’t get it . ”
“ If you ’re innocent , I ’m your best man , ” he said .
“ But if you ’re guilty , I pity that fool . ”
Mr. T was paid $ 17.20 for his day ’s work at the Cook County Circuit Court , but was not selected for the case .
I have to imagine that is the best $ 17.20 that Cook County ever spent .
[ / caption ]
As part of the International Year of Astronomy project , 100 Hours of Astronomy , the ambitious “ Around the World in 80 Telescopes ” event had a live webcast , going around the globe to some of the most advanced observatories on and off the planet .
In celebration of this world tour of observatories , many of the telescopes are releasing wonderful , and previously unseen , astronomical images .
Here are two observed by telescopes at the La Silla and Paranal observatories .
Above is the irregular galaxy NGC 55 , a galaxy that is about 70,000 light - years across , just a tad smaller than our own Milky Way , and below is NGC 7793 , about half that size .
NGC 55 is a member of the prominent Sculptor group of galaxies in the southern constellation of Sculptor .
By studying about 20 planetary nebulae in this image , a team of astronomers found that NGC 55 is located about 7.5 million light - years away .
Planetary nebulae are the final blooming of Sun - like stars before their retirement as white dwarfs .
This striking image of NGC 55 , obtained with the Wide Field Imager on the 2.2 - metre MPG / ESO telescope at La Silla , is dusted with a flurry of reddish nebulae , created by young , hot massive stars .
A large number of individual stars that can be counted within NGC 55 .
The second image shows another galaxy belonging to the Sculptor group .
This is NGC 7793 , which has a chaotic spiral structure , unlike the class of grand - design spiral galaxies to which our Milky Way belongs .
The image shows how difficult it is to identify any particular spiral arm in these chaotic structures , although it is possible to guess at a general rotating pattern .
NGC 7793 is located slightly further away than NGC 55 , about 12.5 million light - years from us .
NGC 7793 was observed with one of the workhorses of the ESO Paranal Observatory , the FORS instrument , attached to the Very Large Telescope .
Source : ESO
danmeth :
Sit-Com Houses
# 2 In A Series of Pop- Cultural Charts
All we can really conclude from this data is that I used to watch slightly more sitcoms featuring kitchens on the left side of the soundstage than on the right side .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel accidentally found himself in the middle of a red carpet interview with Hollywood star Sharon Stone .
The actors were arriving for the British Film Academy Awards at London 's Royal Opera House .
the first thing the IDF let us know is that it was done on purpose
appropriate
forcing
Let 's be clear about this .
On 6 January , three UN - run schools in Gaza were attacked by Israeli forces , not just one .
What is more , the previous day an Israeli bombing of a UN school had killed three members of the same family .
This sort of killing can usually be dealt with in a perfunctory fashion ( 'we regret all loss of innocent life , but the responsibility belongs to those who use terror and hide among civilians ...' ) .
However , the massacre of 43 people in a UN school bearing flags and insignia and housing some 350 refugees from the fighting ( many of whom had fled on orders from IDF leaflets dropped on the towns and cities ) , demanded a more considered explanation and justification .
I just want to take a quick look at the explanations offered by Israeli spokespeople and its military .
The IDF 's initial justification for the attack on the Al - Fakhura school was that Hamas had used the building to fire mortars from , and its tanks had responded .
Implicit in this was an admission that they had targeted the school on purpose .
The tank shells , presumably shot from quite nearby , were fired by soldiers operating under orders from command centres equipped with detailed targeting intelligence .
As is now known , the Israeli military had the GPS coordinates not only of this UN school but of the other UN schools that it attacked .
We also know that the UN told Israeli forces that the schools were being used as refuges for those driven out of their houses by Israel .
And .
Their excuse was barbaric , of course .
The idea that an invading force may attack a building filled with hundreds of terrorised civilians just in order to kill two of those resisting the invasion is nothing short of grotesque .
But the fact that it was barbaric was part of the point : rather than bluntly condemning a war crime , you were invited to focus on whether Hamas would be so evil as to attack Israel 's brave boys from within a civilian building .
Because it is so frequently repeated you might be predisposed to assume that Hamas did indeed position its ' infrastructure of terror ' among unsuspecting citizens but , whether you are so predisposed or not , you are already drawn into the macabre calculus of the murderer if you even get involved in that argument .
You have tacitly accepted the logic in which war crimes are not merely acceptable , but actually , if the enemy really is as evil as Israel says .
The usual suspects , of course , immediately embraced Israel 's excuse : Israel 's killing , they expostulated , merely demonstrates the ruthless , diabolical genius of Hamas .
If anything , they added , the IDF was admirably restrained in its action .
But it is doubtful that many others were taken in .
The second thing that the IDF claimed was that there were Hamas troops hiding inside the building , nestling among the refugees , therebythe Israelis to slaughter the innocent .
This is quite a different claim , and the first thing that would occur to any reasonable observer would be that the sudden embellishment reflected some sort of dishonesty ( ' the elaborations of a bad liar ' , as Hannibal Lecter would put it ) .
Or perhaps there had been a failure by everyone to get their stories straight and stick to them .
At any rate , the logic of the astounding claim that Israel acted in self - defense remained as tortuous as it had been .
But Israel claimed to have identified the bodies of Hamas members , and even fed two names to the media , ( so once again you were invited to get bogged down in the merits of Israel 's claim rather than decide on an appropriate response to the slaughter ) .
The next part of the story is the most interesting .
In order to get around the absurd idea that Hamas military operatives had sneaked into the building and launched mortars without anyone in the school noticing , Israel 's spokespeople claimed that Hamas gunmen had taken over the UN building , taken the civilians hostage and used the base to fire mortars at Israeli soldiers .
Mark Regev said it was a " very extreme example of how Hamas operates " .
Such a claim was obviously checkable in a matter of minutes .
Any UN personnel present in the school at the time could easily say whether in fact they had all been suffering under Hamas captivity until Israel ' liberated ' the building .
The UN produced an emphatic denial , based on its own investigations , that there was ever any Hamas fighter in the building .
By now , the fact that Israel has never provided any real evidence for its claims , which continue to shapeshift , comes into sharp focus .
Moreover , since Israeli troops did n't visit the building or have access to the records of the deceased , it would be highly improbable that they would be able to not only name two of the dead , but also gather intelligence that proved they were members of Hamas ' military wing , within such a short space of time .
So , the Israeli government topped that brazenness with a stroke of effrontery that is somehow not adequately captured by the word ' chutzpah ' .
Israel announced that as it was lodging a complaint with the UN for allowing the building to be secretly used by Hamas .
Now it appears that Israeli diplomats admit that no rockets were fired from the school .
They are now briefing that there was some mortar fire , but that it came from outside the school .
Now , there is no evidence that there was any mortar fire at all , but perhaps you are n't really supposed to believe it .
Actually , you were never supposed to believe any of it .
There was no way that you were ever expected to be taken in by this pitiful subterfuge .
They did n't even present a very convincing lie , or a very good case .
What they did was tell you up front that they attacked a clearly marked UN school building filled with civilians on purpose , and then follow it up with a flimsy cover - story followed by an even more flimsy revised cover story and an outlandish allegation against the UN that they have dropped in a matter of hours in such a way as to undermine their previous cover-stories .
This is obviously contemptuous , but it is n't just a sensational flip - off to ' world opinion ' .
They are saying they killed civilians on purpose , that nowhere in Gaza is safe , and that they reserve their right to do it again and offer the same risible mitigations and alibis as before .
Labels : al - fakhura , gaza , hamas , invasion , Israel , palestine , war crimes
President Obama ’s recent U.S. stem cell policy reversal allows federally funded researchers to use hundreds of new embryonic stem cell lines .
" Our government has forced what I believe is a false choice between sound science and moral values , " Obama declared as he signed documents changing U.S. science policy in March 2009 .
The U.S. is a bit late to the global stem cell research game .
Japan ’s Dr. Shinya Yamanaka demonstrated the ability to reprogram adult cells to behave as embryonic stem cells as early as 2007 .
But it is in China ’s Guangdong Province that there have been almost miraculous strides in actually using stem cells to treat and cure diseases such as blindness , cerebral palsy , and spinal cord injuries .
Dr. Sean
Hu is a soft - spoken powerhouse of a man who holds both an M.D. from China and a Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Gothenburg University in Sweden .
The company he founded , Beike ( bei- ker ) Biotechnology , is one of the leading players in stem cell therapy .
Headquartered in Shenzhen – not far from Hong Kong – Beike has become a therapeutic refuge for a fast - growing number of patients seeking stem cell treatments .
h+: Dr. Hu , what brought you , a Ph.D. biochemist and medical doctor , to the stem cell industry ?
SH : After I finished my postdoctoral work in Canada in 1999 , I stopped doing research and started running a couple of businesses in China – importing dental equipment from the West and running a hospital management consulting company at the same time .
This gave me the opportunity to work with hospitals in China .
From 2000 to 2001 , China ’s stem cell research was still poorly funded .
James Thomson published his breakthrough work creating embryonic stem cell lines from human blastocysts in Science Magazine in 1998 , which kicked off a race for funding in the West .
After seeing the first successful Chinese case treated with stem cells at Zhengzhou University Hospital in 2001 , I decided to get involved with the research .
I was interested in taking laboratory bench work to the hospital bedside .
I think that cell - based therapy has a lot of potential because most of the biological activities in our bodies occur at the cellular level .
In 2004 , after three years of clinical studies observing more than 100 cases , I decided to build a company to supply and work on safe adult stem cells .
Regenerative medicine is the future .
Asia will be at its center .
h+ : What are Beike ’s most successful cases ?
SH : As of February 2009 , Beike has treated over 5,087 patients with cord blood stem cell injections for diseases like ataxia , autism , ALS , brain trauma , cerebral infarction , cerebral hemorrhage , cerebral palsy , diabetics , Guillain - Barre , encephalatropy , and spinal cord injury – many of these are considered incurable diseases .
There have been many successful stories of stem cell therapy ( SCT ) .
One example is the recovery of a nearly blind sixteen - year - old girl , Macie Morse , who recently got her learner ’s permit and started driving .
She came to one of our hospitals for treatment in July 2006 , with 20/4,000 vision in one eye and only light perception in the other due to optic nerve hypoplasia .
After treatment , Macie now has 20/80 vision in one eye and 20/400 - plus in the other !
h+ :
Have there been any mistakes that you could share with us and explain what was learned from them ?
SH : Mistakes have occurred when we do n’t screen our patients effectively .
SCT works well for some diseases but not in others .
For example , we ’ve learned from experience that SCT has very little effect on complete spinal cord injury even though it can improve partial spinal cord injury .
Also , the effect of SCT on ALS ( Lou Gehrig ’s Disease ) patients is transient and short - lived – patients have to come back regularly for additional treatment .
Currently we are focusing on brain injury , cerebral palsy , ataxia and other optic nerve damage , lower limb ischemia , autism , spinal muscular atrophy , multiple sclerosis , peripheral vascular disease , diabetic feet , and others .
h+ : SCT cases in 2006 cost around fifteen to twenty thousand dollars USD for an initial treatment .
Costs have increased since then .
Do you see this as the result of currency fluctuation or will costs continue to increase for other reasons ?
SH : Currency fluctuation has definitely contributed to the cost increases .
For example , in 2006 , one US dollar equaled 7.8 Chinese yuan ; in 2008 , one US dollar equaled 6.7 Chinese yuan .
Meanwhile , Chinese companies are still buying cytokines ( polypeptide regulators ) from the West .
It would be cheaper if we had home - made cytokines in China .
But this is not going to happen soon because the market is not big enough for high volume cytokine production .
Of course , the higher cost is also a result of Beike supporting hospitals to improve their equipment , service , and environment .
In addition , we ’ve been hiring experts to improve the protocols .
These include overseas professors from well known universities like Stanford .
This means we need to match the salary levels with those in the West .
h+ : What ’s the percentage of patients who actually go back for further treatment ?
SH : About 20 % .
The cost is still too high for many of them because it is not covered by insurance .
In almost every case , if the treatment works for the patient the first time , repeat treatments will also be effective .
Some of our patients have returned four or five times for more treatment .
h+ : What ’s the average cost for each additional treatment ?
SH : The same as the initial treatment .
h+ : Many of your patients keep a blog to share their experiences .
Does Beike use any of these blogs for case study ?
Does Beike keep track of the patients afterwards ?
SH : It ’s hard to get any concrete information from the blogs .
But we do post evaluation medical forms and satisfaction forms to monitor the patients .
We are starting to collaborate with some hospitals in the U.S. for single blind studies .
We have third party doctors to compare patients with the same disease that went through different treatments – with or without stem cell therapy .
The third party doctor does n’t know what kind of treatment the patient went through .
They test the treatments equally .
We also plan to do stem - cell - only treatments for some visually impaired patients .
We want to find out if stem cell therapy by itself is sufficient to make a change .
Because right now , most of the treatments done in our clinics are holistic : they combine stem cell therapy with an injection of nerve growth factor , acupuncture , and rehabilitation therapy .
For our first forty foreign optic nerve hypoplasia and septo-optic dysplasia ( ONH / SOD ) patients , we required each to go through intensive testing from their local doctors before and after the treatment .
We were able to prove to ourselves that the treatment was working .
This has given us the confidence to go forward and invest money to expand into the western markets .
h+ : What happened to that first patient who you visited at Zhengzhou University Hospital in 2001 ?
That ’s eight years ago now .
SH : She ’s a retired teacher in her 60s .
She ’s doing fairly well .
After the first treatment , she went through a few more treatments for her ALS every few months .
h+ : What ’s the major challenge for your company currently ?
What ’s the major challenge for the stem cell industry in China ?
SH : We ’re a China - based stem cell company .
Our major challenge is the U.S. FDA standard .
For the time being , the U.S. and Europe hold the majority shares of the market because the cost for treatments is still too high for developing countries .
We want to build our clinics and labs there .
We are working on improving our levels to meet international standards such as the Declaration of Helsinki , the Council of International Organizations of Medical Sciences ( CIOMS ) , the International Ethical Guidelines for Biomedical Research Involving Human Subjects , the Guidelines for Good Clinical Practice from the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and The International Conference on Harmonization ( ICH ) of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use .
It will take time and lots of financial support .
Technically speaking , we are confident and optimistic because we have developed a very diverse technological base .
However , China is facing a shortage of comprehensive expertise that has experience in clinical study , stem cell research , as well as the therapeutic industry .
h+ : Who are your biggest competitors ?
Who is doing the most interesting new research that you ’re following ?
SH : Osiris in the U.S. is our biggest competitor .
We are way ahead of most of the Chinese stem cell companies .
Although , Beijing Keyu is one of the pioneers in stem cell therapy research and Tianjin Xiehe has a very impressive storage facility .
Zhongke is catching up as well .
h+ : What are your thoughts on Geron ’s FDA approval in the U.S. last month ?
Will that create more pressure on Beike ?
Is Beike also seeking FDA approval ?
SH : I think Geron ’s FDA clearance to begin the world ’s first human clinical trial of embryonic stem cell - based therapy is great news for the entire stem cell industry .
More competition is inevitable .
The stem cell industry is becoming more competitive .
To excel , Beike has established a Stem Cell Expert Advisory Committee and a separate Data and Safety Monitoring Board ( DSMB ) to oversee future Beike - sponsored research .
We are currently conducting international level clinical trials .
We are not yet in the process of applying for FDA approval , but we ’re starting to prepare .
h+ : What are your thoughts on China ’s regenerative medicine industry ?
Is Beike currently working on any projects related to regenerative medicine ?
SH : Regenerative medicine is the future .
Asia will be at its center .
More and more western scholars and doctors are coming to China to collaborate .
We have signed an agreement with AELCELL of Stanford University and the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston .
Right now , we are able to grow human organ cells from isolated stem cells .
h+ :
What are your thoughts on healthy , radical life - extension ( living beyond the current 120+ age limits ) ?
Will the stem cell industry play a major role in life - extension ?
Will Beike get involved ?
SH : Yes , stem cell therapy will play a major role in life - extension .
From what we ’ve learned , the positive side effects of our treatments include patients sleeping better , improved appetite , and more robust hormone regulation after the treatment .
The potential of stem cell therapy in anti-aging is enormous .
Beike is definitely looking into this .
For now , however , we want to focus on improving our treatments for incurable diseases .
h+ : The U.S. and the Chinese government face the stem cell issue very differently , especially for embryonic stem cells .
Do you think that the Chinese government is giving this industry enough support ?
SH : In the past few years , the Chinese government has invested substantially in stem cell research .
However , funding is still quite limited .
Even though we do n’t have religious interference , our government ’s science policy has yet to catch up .
There have been talks about forming a stem - cell - related committee in the central government .
h+: How do you feel about the research environment in China ?
Do you have difficulty finding the kind of academic support that you need ?
Do you have difficulty getting material support such as equipment and chemical solutions ?
SH : The research environment in China is still behind .
The communication between scholars is still very limited .
However , we no longer have difficulty getting material support from overseas .
Last year , we hosted China ’s first ever symposium on advanced iPS ( induced pluripotent stem cell ) research as well as the first annual China Stem Cell Technological Forum .
We hope to bring the Chinese closer to the international community .
h+ :
What ’s the biggest lesson you ’ve learned in the past three years ?
What would you do differently now ?
SH : After all these years of observation and practice , I consider adult stem cell - based therapy to be safe .
I believe it will become one of the major players in medical industry because it overcomes the single molecule limitation ( manipulating single molecules at the molecular level ) .
Would I do it differently ?
Not much , I think .
Beike did not go through the traditional path of a typical biotech company because it would have been too costly for us .
But the value to everyone in the company – helping so many patients improve their quality of life – has been priceless .
h+ :
Where do you see the company in five years ?
In ten years ?
SH : We are building Beike to become a first - class international conglomerate in three areas :
We will set the standard and criteria for R&D in developing adult stem cells and iPS .
We will have one of the biggest iPS centers of the world .
We will have one of the biggest Good Manufacturing Practice ( GMP ) standard international clinic and laboratory networks .
We will have one of the biggest stem cell banks of the world .
Currently we have permission from the governments of Turkey and India for clinical practice .
We are expanding our network in Eastern Europe ( starting in Hungary and Romania ) and Central America ( Panama ) .
Eventually we will come to Northern America and Central Europe .
Last June , we set out to build a 21,500 square foot comprehensive Jiangsu Stem Cell Storage Facility which will become one of the most highly developed of its kind .
It will facilitate the storage of human umbilical cord blood stem cells , placenta stem cells , amniotic membrane stem cells , bone marrow stem cells , and also iPS – which will come soon .
h+ : Do you have plans to take Beike public ?
SH : Yes , after the markets recover and our iPS research matures .
Currently , we are founded with capital from Beijing University , Hong Kong University of Science and Technology , Shenzhen Municipal Government , and the China State National Fund .
h+ :
An article in last week ’s PLoS Medicine describes a teenage boy ’s brain tumor after receiving a fetal stem cell treatment in Russia .
Has Beike encountered anything similar ?
Do you do follow - up research on your patients ?
SH : I have n’t read the article yet , but it depends on the type of stem cell they injected into the patient .
The adult stem cells we use are safe .
We have n’t encountered a similar case in the past eight years .
Meanwhile we ’ve established a world - class research hub that is focusing on cell reprogramming and gene engineering – in the hope of discovering new treatments for diseases like cancer .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/20/2009
Video : Hey Perez :
You 're really not helping here , buddy !
by Jeremy Hooper
It 's annoying when young people take a stand for inequality .
But when that happens , we need people who will go on the national media and ably tell America why it 's wrong to deny others their civil freedom .
We need people who are truly schooled on the issues , and who can clearly parse a fact - filled response that cuts through the expressed fallacies .
We need to talk to the movable middle , which possibly even includes the person who espoused the short - sighted views .
We need to make positive media connections , so that this does n't devolve into a zero sum game in which the teaching team 's surrogate completely forfeits the teachable moment .
We do n't need people who will just write her off as a " dumb b**** , " then further ( and more misogynistically ) state that he'd rather have called her the " c word " :
He most certainly does not speak for us .
Perez Hilton Talks About Miss USA Gay Marriage Question On MSNBC [ YT ]
* Mario 's first video , in which he initially called her a " dumb b**** " :
**UPDATE , 4/21 : Video : Hey Perez :
You 're really not helping here , buddy ! [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
Mario Lavandeira is a dumb b*tch !
Posted by : Alonzo | Apr 20 , 2009 4:57:15 PM
Thank you , Jeremy .
When this entire controversy began , I rolled my eyes .
And I just knew Hilton would say something stupid .
Gosh I hope no one thinks he speaks for all of us .
Posted by : a. mcewen | Apr 20 , 2009 5:25:31 PM
I can't stand Perez Hilton , but I was proud of him before he we n't and did this .
The twit .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Apr 20 , 2009 5:26:29 PM
Would he rather she lied about how she felt ?
Posted by : ZJ | Apr 20 , 2009 5:30:28 PM
Exactly ... 2 wrongs never make it right .
Same as the people who feel the need to mock Maggie Gallagher 's weight .
Posted by : Kamikapse | Apr 20 , 2009 5:32:54 PM
He 's so happy with himself for creating this controversy , it 's what he does for a living .
Posted by : Bruno | Apr 20 , 2009 5:57:57 PM
I do n't get what the fuss is about .
If he did n't want her to express a political opinion , he should n't have asked her a political question .
I have no idea what he means when he says he was n't mad because she disagreed with him , but because of the way she answered the question .
Uh ... yeah , ' cause she answered the question by disagreeing with you .
Dummy .
Posted by : Dave Rattigan | Apr 20 , 2009 6:11:21 PM
I have absolutely no use for Perez Hilton .
To hear that young lady express that opinion was frustrating , but she is entitled to her opinion .
I 'm not even certain that was a question that should have been included in a beauty pageant .
Although , I really do n't have much knowledge of pageants except for a Mr. Leather pageant .
Posted by : Mike in the Tundra | Apr 20 , 2009 6:25:08 PM
Although I 'm normally the last person who would jump to Mr. Lavandeira 's defense , I 've got to agree that Miss California made a poor response .
She completely failed to answer the question that was asked : " Should other states follow Vermont 's lead , why or why not ? "
She neither stated whether other states should follow suit , nor did she explain her rationale .
Instead , she went and said something offensive : " In my country , we think marriage should be between a man and a woman . "
In short , I completely agree with Mr. Lavandeira 's sentiments , I just disagree with the way he chose to express his opinion .
His comments were rude and short - sighted .
Posted by : Jackson H | Apr 20 , 2009 7:12:30 PM
First things first , Hilton needs to down a bottle of testosterone ...
This effeminate question mark has more estrogen that all of the contestants combined - and then some .
Second - this question had absolutely NO relevance whatsoever in being asked - NONE !
This man publicly admitted that Miss California 's answer more than likely cost her winning - and he should be held responsible for 1 ) asking a question that had no place being asked in this competition and 2 ) for admitting that her response placed immediate bias on the decision of the judges .
This is an outrage !
The world DOES NOT revolve around being gay .
It 's great that you are - just remember 95 % of us AREN'T !
Posted by : Wayne | Apr 20 , 2009 7:35:57 PM
Oh yea , Jackson .
I think 90 % of us agree that Miss California made a poor response .
That 's what we discussed here :
http://www.goodasyou.org/good_as_you/2009/04/video-if-youtube-had-been-around-in-anita-bs-pageant-days.html
The issue in this post is Perez 's tone , most specifically his " dumb b-----" quip , and implication that he would have preferred to call her a " C word . "
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 20 , 2009 8:02:48 PM
The thing that struck me about the video was P.H. 's contention that it 's okay for politicians , who actually have an ability to affect our lives in a tangible way , to advance homophobic ideas " because they have agendas to uphold , " but it 's vitally important that some beauty queen does n't express some misguided personal opinion .
It would be nice if we could eliminate both situations , but I think the priorities are a bit backwards there .
Posted by : Kelly W. Patterson | Apr 20 , 2009 8:04:16 PM
My question is " Why was Perez Hilton a judge for Miss America in the first place ? "
If you hire inbred trash , you get trash .
He 's only a poor reflection on himself and certainly does n't represent the rest of gay America , just like Miss California 's views do not represent the rest of free - thinking society .
The fact that she was willing to honestly share her opinion on the topic says a lot about her character .
She has encouraged renewed dialogue surrounding this divisive issue .
Perez Hilton contributed nothing .
I say Kudos to Miss California for being honest .
I would have given her extra points if I cared about beauty pageants .
Posted by : tom | Apr 20 , 2009 8:39:56 PM
Agreed , Kelly .
Mario ( P.H. ) seems to have crafted a message here .
Unfortunately , it 's not so finely tuned .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 20 , 2009 9:08:10 PM
He 's judging a beauty contest .
Why would anyone expect anything better from him .
He did know there 's a difference between running for President and running for Miss America .
You say we need people to speak to the undecided middle , but the thought is late in comming .
Think of all the self righteous , alienating rants coming from the far left , here and everywhere on queer space .
No one ever calls them to task .
Posted by : Wilberforce | Apr 20 , 2009 9:45:46 PM
So what 's your message here , Wilberforce ?
Boil it down for me .
You complain about the rights movement a lot , sometimes directing it right at yours truly .
But I have trouble pinpointing workable suggestions .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 20 , 2009 9:59:48 PM
I thank God as you probably do not for Miss California and her answer to the question that was asked to her .
When we ask a personal question , we should expect and anticipate a personal reply to which you gays to not seem to appreciate .
Why according to you we cannot have our own convictions and opinions ?
Why do we all seem to have to conform to your perverted behaviors and beliefs ?
I do not support gay marriage and I am more convinced as I see how you forcefully impose these unnatural and unholy practices on us who are willing to accept your perverted behavior as your own personal lifestyle to take a stand to oppose you .
Personally , I will never accept as the definition of marriage a man to a man or a woman to a woman .
To this a thank Miss California for her brave and courageous answer which stood up to the cunningness of the judge who asked this such a question in an imposing and biased manner .
Posted by : Mark Kosinski | Apr 20 , 2009 10:37:43 PM
Mark : Clearly you have taken the time to listen to the sum of what the rights community has said , have parsed the issue with an open mind , and formed a nuanced assessment of the civil issues at hand .
Bravo .
Your measured comment reminds us all , on both sides , to always keep the discourse level at a high bar .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 20 , 2009 10:46:53 PM
Mark : as you can see , denial is the only truth spoken in the land of the gay .
Posted by : Wayne | Apr 21 , 2009 3:04:57 AM
J : The hypocracy on this site is just as bad ( if not worse ) than Fox News , CNN , or any other outlet where closed minded people love to gather ' round , complain , point fingers at the other side and solve absolutely nothing .
This sort of purpose has no merit whatsoever .
The point of intelligent discussion is to listen to each other .
Offer some sort of compromise to see if common ground can be achieved .
Life is n't a game of , " lets see how quickly we can turn everything into a real life Moulon Rouge " .
At some point in life , you have to grow the hell up .
And gay men seem to have an issue with this thought - " growing up " .
Seriously , stop your bitching and complaining .
If you want to be an equal , you have to start by acting like an adult , not like a child throwing a tantrum .
On a closing note , I CANNOT wait for the GOP to take back the Hill in 2010 , and the White House in 2012 , repeal some of these " hell laws " and restore the country the way it needs to be .
The Obama regime is turning this country into a live Moulon Rouge .
Pathetic .
FYI : http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/mood_of_america/congressional_ballot/generic_congressional_ballot
Posted by : Wayne | Apr 21 , 2009 3:29:04 AM
I grew up in East Amherst , just outside of Buffalo .
In the late 80's New York Telephone had a great ( and humourous ) ad campaign going on ... the following ad reminds me of the gay community : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aAUoTuQdYY
On that note - Good night , folks .
Posted by : Wayne | Apr 21 , 2009 3:47:16 AM
I really wish Perez did n't have such a celebrity status :(
Posted by : Forky | Apr 21 , 2009 4:01:11 AM
Wayne , you can accuse this site and its writer of many things .
" hypocracy " [ sic ] is not one of them .
This site could not listen MORE to the other side .
That 's what we primarily do -- take on the words , press releases , quotes , videos , etc , of the far - right groups .
We listen to their ideas , and we challenge them .
Directly , firmly -- but without turning personal .
And unlike our opposition , we gladly hold an open forum where folks like yourself can call us whatever you want .
Which is why in the past week , you 've been free to call us " sad , " compare our community to Hitler , and express various and sundry ideas about how much you dislike the gay community .
For someone who has decided to spend hours a day here , you really do n't seem to have an awareness of what we really do .
But stick around -- we 'll keep listening .
Oh , and it 's " Moulin . "
Posted by : G - A - Y | Apr 21 , 2009 7:20:06 AM
The question was relevant and fair game .
There were several other political questions asked -- elections in Afghanistan and bank bailouts .
What I find odd is that Miss CA seemed almost caught off guard by the question ... like she had n't thought about it before .
She 's never run into gay people at a beauty pageant in CA ?
Not one gay person ever had a discussion with her about marriage ?
Being against a minority 's civil rights is sooo 1960's .
And Perez Hilton 's response is so 1980's .
Posted by : GrrrRomeo | Apr 21 , 2009 10:09:58 AM
" He most certainly does not speak for us . "
Speak for yourself .
Her getting called a cunt is putting it nicely .
Posted by : dasdasd | Apr 22 , 2009 10:24:03 PM
Perez was very articulate and almost distinguished ( yes ) in his MSNBC interview .
Calling Ms. Cali those names is his way , he 's a gossip blogger .
She 's not the first , and will not be the last to be called these .
And although you * can * say that the words " b** ch " and " c*nt " are misogynistic , they are unfortunately a product of our misogynistic society : there are no other names that one can call a woman in the English language .
Perez was using what was available to him to dish out insults that many of us would agree with .
Posted by : Mariy | Apr 22 , 2009 11:48:12 PM
apparently someone never told Perez Hilton that " beauty comes from the inside "
Posted by : Nomad | Apr 23 , 2009 10:18:05 PM
Thanks Perez . Self Indulgent .
Not helpful to my partner and or myself .
Perez could have been a star but chose to be an attention seeker .
Jim and Bill
Posted by : Jim | Apr 24 , 2009 10:54:44 PM
Mario Lavandeira aka Perez Hilton .
We know we all have met someone like him !
He annoys me greatly .
Deep down though I too want to use those slurs .
Is he perhaps a consequence of minimal progress and glbt media exposure .
Is trying to make a name for himself and a buck too ( free country ) !
Serve us better to secure his right to be wrong .
Hopefully he will enlighten himself and possibly do better work in the future that wo n't bring harm glbt people and their families .
Posted by : forbesfart | Apr 30 , 2009 12:25:13 PM
yet again , another utterly hypocritical christian , who stands in complete and solid opposition to gay marriage , but who clearly lacks a moral compass and will obviously do anything , see the salacious / naked photos , while standing in judgment of everyone else .
well , gays , of course .
anyone with a minimal IQ can only imagine the things that she 's ACTUALLY done that we do n't YET know about if , as a child , she and her " christian " parents let her take naked sex shots , then lie about it when running for miss california , but somehow SHE is the victim here according to her and her " christian " supporters , not the GAY californians who are simply living their lives , paying extra taxes so sluts like prejean can marry again and again and again and otherwise trash gays .
jesus must be soooooooo proud of prejean , her parents , and all of the other " christians " who are undoubtedly just like her .
that is , they do the most sickening behaviors , vile behaviors , but spend the majority of the religiously psychotic lives obsessed with gay men and their bodies .
Posted by : fc | May 13 , 2009 9:58:12 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
As Congress once again considers a response to the latest outbreak of " inadvertent " peer - to - peer file sharing , the P2P software industry will doubtless point to its efforts to bring the problem under control .
But the latest survey on the state of enterprise computing security , just released by a Silicon Valley area firewall company , is n't likely to contribute to a general sense of well - being around this issue .
" The allure of high - speed connectivity , the desire to use whatever application they want and the melding of personal and work life means that there is a strong likelihood that many of the applications leveraging increased speeds " in enterprise land " are not business - related , " the report suggests .
That 's the mildest comment you 'll get from this document .
Welcome to the dark , high - tech landscape painted by Palo Alto Networks .
In this world , " employees " and " users " often resemble the Taliban in south central Asia — aggressive , mobile , undetectable , and impervious to barriers or retaliation .
That 's pretty much the sense you get reading the company 's Application Usage and Risk Report for the Spring of 2009 .
Employees " will take whatever steps are necessary to use whichever applications they want , " Palo Alto warns .
" Some of these applications make employees more productive , while others have absolutely no business value . "
And , in the wrong hands , some apps are tools for revenge and subversion .
" Angry at being laid off ? " the Risk Report continues .
" Or moving to a competitor ?
Launch YouSendIt ! and transfer the customer database or the next - generation product plans to an online archive like BoxNet with ease . "
Port Hoppers
The Palo Also survey says it tracked the behavior of 900,000 enterprise users covering 60 big organizations across key business sectors between August 2008 and December 2008 .
The basic thrust of the report is that IT application management is failing across the board .
" Applications have standard features to evade controls automatically , " the document concludes , " employees use applications to evade control mechanisms purposefully , and most current control mechanisms are ill - equipped to regain visibility and control . "
The various flavors of P2P are the chief culprit in this narrative .
The audit runs through all the big horror stories — most famously the blueprints for President Obama 's helicopter made public by a suspected terrorist on the Gnutella P2P network .
Palo Alto found P2P applications in 90 percent of the organizations it surveyed — six on average and up to 17 in some instances , most notably BitTorrent and Gnutella .
These apps often escape IT detection via " port hopping " or " masquerading " as the http protocol , the survey warns .
And they 're constantly adapting to security measures .
" As security administrators developed ad hoc techniques to detect these applications , " the company notes , " some P2P developers modified the application to use proprietary encryption as a means of bypassing the firewall and signature - based detection mechanisms . "
The report cites � Torrent as an application whose developers Palo Alto says have resorted to this sort of evasive programming .
Ditto for a wide range of remote computing applications , such as proxy software that allows an employee to connect to their home computer to browse the Web , or public proxies set up by " well meaning Internet citizens " to let users browse the Web anonymously .
Palo
Alto found some variety of proxy in 81 percent of the organizations that it surveyed .
Then there are applications like Tor , which , in its advocates ' own words , " prevents somebody watching your Internet connection from learning what sites you visit , and it prevents the sites you visit from learning your physical location . "
Similar applications include Hamachi , GBridge , UltraSurf , and older Unix - based protocols like SSH , which Palo Alto says " sophisticated users " sometimes employ to access their home machines for " non-work related activities . "
And do n't get the company started on remote access software like Microsoft 's SharePoint and Yoics !
Almost a third of all SharePoint sites may be " rogue , " one study mentioned in the report suggests — basically installations unauthorized by IT management .
As for Yoics ! , it has " questionable value , " Palo Alto warns .
" It may be used by as a support tool by IT , but in all likelihood , it is an intrepid user accessing their home machine . "
Hogs R Us
Finally , there is the problem of " uncontrollable bandwidth hogs . "
The ability of all those naughty employees to anonymously access the service of their choice on their enterprise system has encouraged a voracious appetite for social networking , P2P file sharing , and Web - based media .
Palo Alto 's analysis determined that a little over half of the 48.5TB of data it surveyed were gobbled up by consumer - oriented sites like YouTube and applications like Adobe 's Flash — " an active consumer of bandwidth , and a known threat vector , " as the company calls it .
By now you 've figured out that this survey functions as a promotional document for Palo Alto Networks .
Chris King , the firm 's marketing director , was candid about this in his conversation with us .
The outfit sells a " next generation " firewall service that " turns on and off these applications rather than turning on and off ports , " King explained , since so many apps today are designed to get around ports .
But Palo
Alto does n't see the problem as fixable by technology alone .
The aforementioned services and applications are n't exactly on the " approved list " of most IT departments , but they often have some business use , the report acknowledges , " so summarily blocking them is not a viable option . "
Hardware and software can't automatically plug up the system .
Somebody in upper management has to help IT figure out which apps really have value to the company , and which only pose risks .
" In order for IT organizations to transform from business impediments to business enablers , they need to deploy solutions that provide visibility and control over applications ( not ports or protocols ) , users ( not IP addresses ) and content , " the Risk Report concludes .
In the end , it 's that visibility that Palo Alto says it sells .
But the rational optimism that surfaces towards the end of this detailed 20 - page document probably wo n't dispel the overall impression that it conveys — that of an enterprise server landscape in which the proxy sharks , social networkers , P2P file sharers , and YouTube mongers have pretty much taken over the asylum .
And chances are that at least a few readers will keep it around as a short version of Bypassing IT Security Management for Dummies .
Afghanistan is to review legislation which the UN says would legalise rape within marriage after a dramatic reversal from the president , Hamid Karzai , who signed the rules into law last month .
Karzai has bowed to intense international pressure to scrap the law , described by the UN human rights chief in Afghanistan as " reminiscent of the decrees made by the Taliban regime " .
It is said to forbid women to refuse to have sex with their husbands and force them to get their spouses ' permission before leaving the house , looking for a job , going to the doctor or receiving education .
Gordon Brown has led the international condemnation of the law , saying today it would be unacceptable for British soldiers to die defending a regime that enacted oppressive legislation of this kind .
The prime minister told Sky News that Nato leaders had attacked the law in the communique issued at the end of the summit in Strasbourg , and that Karzai had told him it would not come into force in the way that it had been reported .
" I phoned the president immediately about this because anybody who looks at Afghanistan will be worried if we are going to see laws brought in that discriminate against women and put women at risk , " Brown said .
" I made it absolutely clear to the president that we could not tolerate that situation .
You cannot have British troops fighting , and in some cases dying , to save a democracy where that democracy is infringing human rights .
" [ Karzai ] responded by saying this law would not be enacted in the way it has been presented . "
The Afghan president was accused of backing the law to win support from hardliners ahead of the presidential election .
But a western diplomat said Karzai had been damaged by the international criticism of the legislation , which only affects members of the Shia minority , and was " looking for a face - saving way to drop it " .
" Given that it is election season right now plus the problems it would stir up it might be better if it could be buried , " he said .
Fears have also been raised about the safety of the female parliamentarians who have spoken out on the issue .
Foreign ambassadors met in Kabul today to consider a request to pay for bodyguards to protect them .
On Saturday Karzai rejected international criticism of the law , saying it had been " misinterpreted " by the west .
But he promised to send it to the Ministry of Justice for review and amendment if it was found to conflict with the equal rights provisions in Afghanistan 's constitution .
The final version of the law has not been published , although it was enacted in mid-March .
An analysis by the Canadian embassy in Kabul of the version that was sent by parliament to the president says the law contains a number of articles removing the rights of women .
Custody of children , for example , is automatically granted to fathers and grandfathers , and provision is made for minors to marry , although a later amendment set the age of marriage to the same as Afghan civil law .
The most controversial article says that the wife is " bound to preen for her husband , as and when he desires " and " is bound to give a positive response to the sexual desire of her husband " .
Defenders of the law have pointed out that the legislation was improved by the lower house of parliament , which introduced the concession allowing women to leave their homes without the permission of their husbands if they had a good reason to .
Dr Qasim Hashimzai , deputy minister of justice , said a review process had been set up that would include the United Nations and representatives from a number of diplomatic missions in Kabul , including the European Union , Canada and Holland .
" We still have time to review it because the law is not yet finalised until it is printed in the official gazette .
Once we get everyone around a table we can see what needs to be done . "
He did not give a date for when the review might be completed .
Take one part Spitzer Space Telescope , one part Hubble Space Telescope , and two galaxies .
Shake well , bake covered for a few million years , and get this :
Coooool .
This is NGC 6240 , what used to be two galaxies but are in the process of becoming one .
We see colliding galaxies all over the sky , but what makes this one special is the timing and its location .
Collisions take hundreds of millions of years , starting from the first tentative approach to the complete merging of the two .
But the different steps of the process take different amounts of time .
The initial approach takes a long time , for example , so we see lots of those .
The actual physical merging also takes many millions of years , so we commonly see that as well .
But while the outer parts of the galaxy are interacting , so are the cores .
The time between the outer parts settling down and the inner parts doing their thing can be fairly short .
NGC 6240 is right now at the moment in its life where the two galaxies have started to merge , but the cores of the two are still distinct .
Also , the farther away we look , the more volume of the Universe we see , so the more galaxies we see .
In the distant Universe we do see galaxies in this stage , but they are so far away that details are unclear .
NGC 6240 is only 400 million light years away , which is a ridiculously long way in human terms , but close enough in cosmic scales that Hubble and Spitzer can see those details .
The outer parts of the galaxy are still messy , churned up by the violence of the collision .
Huge gas and dust clouds have collided , which triggers an immense burst of star formation .
Newborn stars create a lot of dust -- giant organic molecules that are very efficient at absorbing the visible light Hubble detects .
However , warm dust emits infrared light , and Spitzer can see that .
So in the Hubble image we see the stars and gas tossed all over the place , and the chaotic dust ( in red ) detected by Spitzer .
Combined , the two images tell a tale of what a pair of galaxies is like just before their cores start to merge , a snapshot in an instant of a catastrophic event .
... and in a few million years , the fireworks will really begin .
All big galaxies have a supermassive black hole in their hearts , and the two bruisers in this pair will start to work their magic as well .
The cores will combine , and the gravitational wake of the two black holes interacting will make the previous merging process seem like a gentle breeze .
The gas and dust in the center of the merging monsters will become incredibly turbulent , mixed violently and suddenly , creating a vast wave of star formation .
A huge amount of energy will blast out of the core , and get absorbed by the dust there .
It will convert that high energy radiation into infrared , pouring out the invisible light , and NGC 6240 may become a ULIRG , an ultra luminous infrared galaxy .
It will pose no threat to us at its vast distance , but we 'll have a great view of this step in a galactic merger as well .
Too bad we have to wait several million years for it .
So for now we 'll just have to be satisfied with catching this merger in the act .
There 's still plenty to learn from it .
Click to embiggen , or go here for access to much higher res images !
I just read that Starlog magazine is ceasing print publication , and as a fanboy my heart is broken .
Back in the day before the internet it was damn hard for a fanboy to find anything anywhere on science fiction films and TV shows — and riding a wave of Star Trek fandom Starlog magazine filled that gap .
Suddenly anybody who could get to a newsstand could have access to a high quality magazine with amazing articles .
In many ways Starlog was wikipedia before the web — early issues would feature detailed episode guides to every science fiction TV series that you could imagine .
What also made Starlog cool was hat they would n’t just cover the latest hit , often they ’d have articles on classic films from eons ago .
Not only that but the articles would also go into loving detail on anything that they covered — in fact the magazine would often feature blueprints and rare photos that you could n’t find anywhere else .
Knowing that I was a die hard Star Trek fan my father purchased my first issue for me , and it was as if my life had changed .
Suddenly I realized that there were other fans out there besides me .
And a few years later when my heart was broken that Star Blazers went off the air I was able to to start a fan club by placing a cheap ad in the classified section of the magazine .
Starlog was also very generous to fans by printing up convention listings , so many a fanboy owes their start in fandom to Starlog .
From what I can see they ’re trying to turn the magazine website into a web portal — and while I hope that does well I feel like an era has just ended …
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Bangkok
The protests have left two people dead and more than 120 injured Nobody won .
That is the only conclusion that can be drawn from the chaotic events in Thailand over the past few days .
Certainly not the red- shirted United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship ( UDD ) , whose attempted uprising degenerated into a series of chaotic clashes with the army that left a wake of destruction on the streets of Bangkok .
Not Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva either .
Although he clawed back a lot of his authority through the successful military operation to disperse the UDD protesters , the promise he made on taking office four months ago to promote reconciliation in his country now looks hollow .
Not the army , which carried out the unpleasant task of clearing the streets with growing confidence , and surprisingly light casualties .
Its decision to suppress these protesters , when it did nothing about the equally damaging actions of the yellow - shirted People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) last year , makes a mockery of its claim to be a neutral force .
That and the 2006 coup that deposed Thaksin Shinawatra have irrevocably tarnished its image with a sizable part of the Thai population .
There appear to be no towering , Obama - like figures in Thailand , who can win the respect of both camps
Q&A : Thailand protests
Not the police , who are now such a diminished and demoralised force that almost no - one in Thailand expected them to play any role in the recent disorder .
When confronted by a few thousand unarmed protesters at the Asian summit in Pattaya , they offered only token resistance .
In Bangkok they were essentially invisible .
Without a functioning police force , the rule of law that Mr Abhisit has talked of so often becomes very precarious .
And finally , not Thaksin Shinawatra , whose melodramatic call for a people 's uprising fell flat , and who is still stuck in exile , without a secure place of refuge .
Polarising figure
Three years of intractable political conflict are taking a debilitating toll on Thailand .
Emotions are now very raw .
Some of the ugliest scenes in recent days did not involve the army ; they occurred when local residents came out to confront the rampaging red-shirts .
Shots were fired , two people died , and some were savagely beaten .
It is difficult to explain why Thailand , a country once seen as a paragon of stability and social harmony , has become so polarised .
The division between Red and Yellow cuts across many lines ; it is not simply just rural - versus - urban , or poor - versus - rich .
Spend long enough with either group and you meet people from very varied backgrounds .
Multi-millionaire Thaksin is both loved and hated in Thailand
But there is one issue that clearly divides the two camps .
That issue is Thaksin Shinawatra , the man who shattered the traditional mould of Thai politics through his brilliant campaigns , winning him two record election victories in 2001 and 2005 .
Not all the Reds love this brash and controversial figure .
But they pretty much all think he was unjustly removed from office by the 2006 coup , and that the various legal cases brought against him - he was sentenced to two years in jail in absentia last year for an abuse of power - are without merit .
They also believe in the power of his populist agenda , the key to his party 's mass following .
Not just because it improved the lot of the rural poor - economists have questioned the efficiency and long - term benefit of many of his policies - but because for the first time it gave poorer
Thais a sense that their vote mattered , that voting for a particular policy platform could bring you tangible benefits .
The Reds felt Thaksin gave them a voice in Thai society
This approach politicised a previously neglected class of people in Thailand , and made them a powerful , new force .
These people are the reason Mr Thaksin did so well in elections , and the reason his allies were returned to office in 2007 , in the first election held after the coup , even though Mr Thaksin and 110 of his top party officials were banned from running .
They are now the mass base of the red - shirt movement .
And they believe , passionately , that their side has been treated unfairly .
Festering grievances
The many , well - founded criticisms made of Mr Thaksin 's style of government do not affect that view : that he was autocratic , fatally weakening Thailand 's fragile democratic institutions ; that he presided over a sharp escalation of human rights violations ; that corruption continued to flourish under his administrations ; that he shamelessly promoted on the basis of loyalty , not competence .
The Yellows say Thaksin was both corrupt and autocratic
These are points made tirelessly by the PAD during their anti-Thaksin protests last year , and they are hard to refute .
But because so many poorer
Thais saw this flawed politician as their champion , they resented it bitterly when forces aligned with the wealthy elite decided to bend the rules to kick him out of office .
It was ultra-royalist generals who led the coup .
But they were cheered on by conservative judges and bureaucrats , wealthy business tycoons and many urban , middle - class Thais .
Mr Thaksin 's followers felt robbed .
That sense of being robbed continued last year when they saw the governments they had voted for harried by the PAD , and then disqualified by bizarre court decisions .
And they felt patronised when PAD activists said - as they did repeatedly - that the only reason the poor voted for Mr Thaksin was because he had bribed them to .
These grievances continue to fester , and deepen the divide in Thai society .
Go to a red - shirt rally and you will hear the same mantra ; " We are grass - roots people , fighting for democracy , against the ruling class " .
Go to a yellow - shirt rally and you will almost inevitably hear a different mantra ; " We are educated people , fighting against corrupt politicians who abuse democracy " .
PM Abhisit Vejjajiva has failed to draw support from rural voters
There appear to be no towering , Obama - like figures in Thailand , who can win the respect of both camps .
Certainly not Mr Abhisit , who often looks uncomfortably out of place in the rural , red heartlands of the north and north - east .
How he deals with the leaders of the " red uprising " now - and how that compares with the treatment given to last year 's " yellow uprising " - will be an important test of his promise to uphold the rule of law impartially .
So the conflict which erupted so spectacularly in Bangkok and Pattaya over the past week will probably rumble on , steadily eroding the confidence of investors , tourists and the Thai people , in a stable future for their country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Raymond " Ray " Kurzweil ( born 1948 ) is an American inventor and futurist .
He is involved in fields as diverse as optical character recognition ( OCR ) , text - to - speech synthesis , speech recognition technology , and electronic keyboard instruments .
He is the author of several books on health , artificial intelligence ( AI ) , transhumanism , the technological singularity , and futurism .
He has received nineteen honorary Doctorates and honors from three U.S. presidents .
Ray has written six books , four of which have been national best sellers .
The Age of Spiritual Machines has been translated into 9 languages and was the # 1 best selling book on Amazon in science .
Ray ’s latest book , The Singularity is Near , was a New York Times best seller , and has been the # 1 book on Amazon in both science and philosophy .
Ray Kurzweil : Well , by 2020 we ’ll have computers that are powerful enough to simulate the human brain , but we wo n’t be finish yet with reverse engineering the human brain and understanding its methods .
One of my main themes , and I ’ve developed this thesis over 30 years , is that information technology grows exponentially ; the power of computers are understanding the human brain , specializes solution of brain scanning , the number of bits we move in the internet .
Many different measures of information technology double every year , or every 11 months , 13 months ; depending on what you ’re measuring .
These technologies will be a million times more powerful within 20 years .
In fact , the speed of exponential growth is itself speeding up .
So , in 25 years these technologies will be a billion times more powerful than they are today .
And we ’ve already seen that kind of progress .
When I was an undergraduate we all shared computer at MIT that took up half of a building .
The computer and your cellphone today is a million times cheaper and a thousand times more powerful .
That ’s a billion fold increase in price performance of computing since I was an undergraduate .
By 2029 , and I ’ve been quite consistent on this date , we will have completed the reverse engineering of the human brain .
And we ’ve already made very good progress on that .
We ’ve reversed engineered a number at different regions , like the cerebellum , which is responsible for our skill formation and slices of cerebral cortex where we do our cursive thinking and the auditory cortex , the visual cortex and so on .
By 2029 , we ’ll have reverse engineered and modeled and simulated all the regions of the brain .
And that will provide us the software / algorithmic methods to simulate you know , all of the human brains capabilities including our emotional intelligence .
And computers at that time will be far more powerful than the human brain .
And we ’ll be able to create machines that really do have subtlety and suppleness of human intelligence .
And they ’ll combine that power with ways in which machines are already superior to us .
They can impart us all of human knowledge with the few keystrokes , it can remember billions of things accurately .
They can share knowledge in electronic speeds that are million times faster than the human language .
So , it will be very powerful combination .
But the last point I ’ll make is that it ’s not some alien invasion of intelligent machines coming from Mars to invade us .
It ’s coming from within our civilization .
And the whole point of it is to extent our reach .
Ever since we picked up a stick to reach a higher branch , we ’ve used our tools to extend our reach .
We can now already extend our reach mentally .
I can take out device from my pocket and access all of human knowledge in a few keystrokes .
Half of the farmers in China have these devices and could do the same thing ; is pointing a real cultural revolution in China and around the world .
And these tools are continued to grow exponentially in power .
The singularity is not just that point where we achieve human model and intelligence on a machine .
That will start a new revolution where these machines will continue to grow exponentially in power .
They ’ll be able to actually improve their own software design .
By 2045 , we ’ll have expanded the intelligence of our human machine civilization a billion fold .
That will be singularity and we borrow this metaphor from physics to talk about an event horizon .
It ’s hard to see beyond .
Ray Kurzweil : Well , it ’s not the case that I ’m only looking at the optimistic side .
I am an optimist .
And I do think we ’ve been helped more than we ’ve been hurt by technology already .
Human life expecting was 37 in 1800 .
And human life was very hard disaster from labor field , disease field and so on .
But I ’ve actually written extensively about the dangers of all this .
Bill Joyce ’s article on the cover of Wired Magazine , why the future does need , which talked about the grave dangers of Genetics Nanotechnology and Robotics , came from my book .
He says at the beginning of the article , he got these ideas from my book , The Age of Spiritual Machines .
And chapter 8 of the Singularity is Near is called the deeply intertwine promise versus parallel of GNR , Genetics Nanotechnology and Robotics .
I ’m working extensively with the army to develop a rapid respond system to deal with the possible abuse of biotechnology .
The same technologies set are empowering us to reprogram biology away from cancer and heart disease , could also be use by a terrorist to reprogram a biological virus to be more deadly or more communicable .
And the good news is we actually have the scientific tools to defend ourselves just like we defend ourselves from software viruses with a rapid response system .
Then we need to put a system like that in place .
But it ’s not accurate to say that I ’m only painting a rosy future and that I have a utopian vision .
My vision is not utopian .
The power of these technologies will grow exponentially , I believe that is inexorable that has gone on for the last 110 years since 1890 senses .
What we do with these technologies is not preordained , that future history has not been written .
I am very concerned about the downsides .
I ’ve written extensively about them and in fact , I ’m working on defending against those .
So , I am optimistic that we will get more promise than parallel but they both exist .
Technology has been a double edge sword ever since fire and stone tools .
Ray Kurzweil : I ’ve been very active in talking about the downside of technology , and there are dangers .
A danger we face right now is the ability for a bio- terrorist to use our biological sciences to reprogram a biological virus to be deadly or communicable .
And we have the ideas to combat that , but they ’re not yet in place and .
So I think that ’s an existential risk we need to deal with very quickly .
There ’ll be new dangers from these new technologies .
I ’m optimistic but not sanguine , and I ’m not necessarily convinced that we wo n’t encounter painful episodes .
I think , overall , we ’ll be help more than we ’re hurt .
But you only have to look to the 20th century : we had a 180 million people die in the world of the 20th century .
That scale of destruction was made possible by technology .
We ’ve also helped ourselves enormously because human life expectancy was 48 in 1900 .
We need to address this dangers and downsides .
That ’s what worries me .
Recorded on April 27 , 2009 .
Browse by Body Style Antique Classic Limo Mini Bus Shuttle / Tour Mini Bus Limo Motorcoach Shuttle / Tour Motorcoach Limo Sedan Limo Sedan Stretch Limo SUV Limo SUV Stretch Limo Van Shuttle / Tour Van Limo CEO SUV Make / Model - Any - Alfa Romeo Audi BCI BMW Bentley Blue Bird Boyertown Bugatti Buick Cadillac Checker Motors Chevrolet Chrysler Coachmen Country Coach Daimler Dodge Duesenberg ElDorado National Excalibur Ford Franklin Freightliner GM GMC Gillig Glaval Bus Holden Hummer Hyundai IC Bus Infiniti International Jaguar Jeep Kenworth Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln MCI MINI Cooper Maybach Mercedes - Benz Mercury Metrotrans Mitsubishi Mobility Ventures Nissan Packard Peterbilt Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Prevost Rolls - Royce Saab Setra Coach Spartan Sportscoach Temsa Tesla Thomas Bus Tiffany Coach Works Toyota Van Hool Vetter Volkswagen Volvo Workhorse ZiL Zimmer - Any - Year OEM Built - Any - 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905 1904 1903 1902 to - Any - 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905 1904 1903 1902 to Body Style - Any - Antique Classic Limo CEO SUV Funeral Hearse Funeral Limo Mini Bus Limo Mini Bus Shuttle / Tour Mini Trolley Motorcoach Entertainer - Sleeper Motorcoach Limo Motorcoach Shuttle / Tour SUV Limo SUV Stretch Limo Sedan Limo Sedan Stretch Limo Trolley Car Limo Truck Stretch Limo Van Limo Van Shuttle / Tour Coach Builder - Any - ABC Companies Accubuilt American Custom Coach American Limousine Sales Ameritrans Authority Coach Builders Auto Concepts Automotive Designs & Fabrication BCI Battisti Customs Becker Automotive Design Bennett Design Berkshire Coach Big Limos MFG Blackstone Designs Blue Bird CT Coachworks Caio California Coach Champion Chicago Armor Classic Classic Custom Coach Coastal Coachworks Collins Craftsmen Creative Coach Builders Creative Mobile Interiors Da Vinci Coachworks DaBryan Designer Coach Destiny Detroit Custom Coach Diamond Coach EC Customs ELC Limo Designs Eagle Coach Company ElDorado Elite Coach Elkhart Coach Embassy Bus Empire Coach Entertainment Vans Executive Coach Builders Federal First Class Coachworks First Class Customs Ford Galaxy Coachworks Glaval Bus Global Motor Coach Goshen Coach Great Lakes Coach Grech Motors HQ Custom Design Heaven on Wheels Heritage Coach Company Image Coachworks Imperial Coachworks Kisir Knight Luxury Krystal LA Custom Coach LCW LGE Coachworks LZ Busline Lakeview Custom Coach Legendary Lehmann - Peterson Lexani Motorcars Lime Lite Coach Works Limo Land by Imperial LimoGuy Manufacturing Limos by Moonlight Mark III Mauck Specialty Vehicles Mauck2 McSweeney Designs Meridian Specialty Vehicles Midway Specialty Vehicles Midwest Automotive Designs NCE National Van Builders Neoplan Cityliner Nova Coach OEM Orange County Coachworks Picasso Pinnacle Limousine Manufacturing Platinum Coach Premiere Presidential Coach Builders Prestige Motorcoach Quality Coachworks Red Star Customs Rolls Royce Royal Coach Builders Royale S&R Coach S&S Coach Company Scaletta Armoring Sherrod Signature Limousine Manufacturing Southhampton Southwest Professional Vehicles Specialty Conversions Specialty Vehicle Group Springfield Stallion Bus & Transit Company StarTrans Starcraft Bus Sterlind Coachworks Superior Coaches Supreme Corporation Temsa Thomas Tiffany Coachworks Top Limo NY Turtle Top US Coachworks Ultimate Coachworks Ultra VIP Coachworks Viking Westwind Wolf Limo Conversions Wolverine Coach Builders Vehicle Primary Use - Any - Cross Country Tour Diplomatic / Presidential Executive Chauffeured Funeral Service Group Shuttle / Tour Paratransit Party / Bachelor / Bachelorette Rideshare Uber / Lyft Wedding Price to $ to Condition New Used Mileage miles miles Customer Capacity State - Any - Alabama Alaska Alberta Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland North Carolina North Dakota Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territory
With picture only Advanced Search
“ No one will say this publicly , but the true fact is we are all talking about our exit strategy from Afghanistan .
We are getting out .
It may take a couple of years , but we are all looking to get out . ”
Thus did a “ senior European diplomat ” confide to The New York Times during Obama ’s trip to Strasbourg .
Europe is bailing out on us .
Afghanistan is to be America ’s war .
During what the Times called a “ fractious meeting , ” NATO agreed to send 3,000 troops to provide security during the elections and 2,000 to train Afghan police .
Thin gruel beside Obama ’s commitment to double U.S. troop levels to 68,000 .
Why wo n’t Europe fight ?
Because Europe sees no threat from Afghanistan and no vital interest in a faraway country where NATO Europeans have not fought since the British Empire folded its tent long ago .
Al - Qaida did not attack Europe out of Afghanistan .
America was attacked .
Because , said Osama bin Laden in his “ declaration of war , ” America was occupying the sacred soil of Saudi Arabia , choking Muslim Iraq to death and providing Israel with the weapons to repress the Palestinians .
As Europe has no troops in Saudi Arabia , is exiting Iraq and backs a Palestinian state , Europeans figure , they are less likely to be attacked than if they are fighting and killing Muslims in Afghanistan .
Madrid and London were targeted for terror attacks , they believe , because Spain and Britain were George W. Bush ’s strongest allies in Iraq .
Britain , with a large Pakistani population , must be especially sensitive to U.S. Predator strikes in Pakistan .
Moreover , Europeans have had their fill of war .
In World War I alone , France , Germany and Russia each lost far more men killed than we have lost in all our wars put together .
British losses in World War I were greater than America ’s losses , North and South , in the Civil War .
Her losses in World War II , from a nation with but a third of our population , were equal to ours .
Where America ended that war as a superpower and leader of the Free World , Britain ended it bankrupt , broken , bereft of empire , sinking into socialism .
All of Europe ’s empires are gone .
All her great navies are gone .
All her million - man armies are history .
Her populations are all aging , shrinking and dying , as millions pour in from former colonies in the Third World to repopulate and Islamize the mother countries .
Because of Europe ’s new “ diversity , ” any war fought in a Muslim land will inflame a large segment of Europe ’s urban population .
Finally , NATO
Europe knows there is no price to pay for malingering in NATO ’s war in Afghanistan .
Europeans know America will take up the slack and do nothing about their refusal to send combat brigades .
For Europeans had us figured out a long time ago .
They sense that we need them more than they need us .
While NATO provides Europe with a security blanket , it provides America with what she cannot live without : a mission , a cause , a meaning to life .
Were the United States , in exasperation , to tell Europe , “ We are pulling out of NATO , shutting down our bases and bringing our troops home because we are weary of doing all the heavy lifting , all the fighting and dying for freedom , ” what would we do after we had departed and come home ?
What would our foreign policy be ?
What would be the need for our vaunted military - industrial complex , all those carriers , subs , tanks , and thousands of fighter planes and scores of bombers ?
What would happen to all the transatlantic conferences on NATO , all the think tanks here and in Europe devoted to allied security issues ?
After the fall of the Berlin Wall , the withdrawal of the Red Army from Eastern Europe and the breakup of the Soviet Union , NATO ’s mission was accomplished .
As Sen. Richard Lugar said , NATO must “ go out of area or out of business . ”
NATO desperately did not want to go out of business .
So , NATO went out of area , into Afghanistan .
Now , with victory nowhere in sight , NATO is heading home .
Will it go out of business ?
Not likely .
Too many rice bowls depend on keeping NATO alive .
You do n’t give up the March of Dimes headquarters and fund - raising machinery just because Drs. Salk and Sabin found a cure for polio .
Again , one recalls , in those old World War II movies , the invariable scene where two G.I.s are smoking and talking .
“ What are you gonna do , Joe , when this is all over ? ” one would ask .
Years ago , we had the answer .
Joe stayed in the Army .
He could n’t give it up .
Soldiering is all he knew .
Just like Uncle Sam .
We ca n’t give up NATO because , if we do , we would no longer be the “ indispensable nation , ” the leader of the Free World .
And , if we ’re not that , then who are we ?
And what would we do ?
Patrick J. Buchanan [ send him mail ] is co-founder and editor of The American Conservative .
He is also the author of seven books , including Where the Right Went Wrong , and A Republic Not An Empire .
His latest book is Churchill , Hitler , and the Unnecessary War .
Patrick J. Buchanan Archives
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
THE BRAIN ON THE
SISTINE CHAPEL CEILING
At one time or another most of us have seen Michelangelo 's " Creation of Man " panel from the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel .
When Michelangelo painted the chapel ceiling in 1512 he actually never named the various panels , instead , we of the so called modern age , have given them names .
Dr. Frank Lynn Meshberger of St. John 's Medical Center in Anderson , Indiana believes that the famous " creation " panel contains an image that has been misunderstood for 487 years - - a brain that symbolizes God bestowing intellect on man .
Over the previous half millennium scholars have interpreted the painting to mean God bestowed life on man .
Dr. Meshberger however notes Adam 's open eyes and believes this suggests that he 's already alive .
Dr. Meshberger researched Michelangelo 's private life and found that the artist had deep religious beliefs and used to dissect cadavers to study the human form for his art .
The following drawing illustrate how Dr. Meshberger identifies many of the brain 's structures inthe image of God 's swirling cloak and the surrounding angels .
DRAWING OF THE HUMAN BRAIN
MICHAELANGELO'S FRESCO WITH OVERLAY BY DR .
MESHBERGER
NOTE TO APEH STUDENTS :
On the first day of class we expressed the concept that throughout this course there would be no right or wrong , only that which you could prove or not prove .
Now that you have written the Renaissance Essay consider your views in light of this " new " evidence .
In writing your essay , how much did you use your intellect .
did you simply take the safe traditional route or did you really think before you wrote ?
By Susan Quilliam
Relationship psychologist
Work problems may be manifest in the bedroom Valentine 's Day , by tradition , is an opportunity for declarations of love and lust .
But will 2009 be different ?
Given the economic downturn , is passion too in recession ?
Or will couples fling themselves into each other 's arms to compensate for their inability to spend , spend , spend ?
Professor Helen Fisher , of Rutgers University , holds this latter theory .
The sheer stress of money worries in general , and fear of redundancy in particular will , she argues , elevate levels of the chemical dopamine in the brain - and dopamine is associated with romantic love .
" Times of stress can trigger feelings of attraction - quite simply , you 're more susceptible , " she said .
Professor Fisher 's theories are based on a classic 1974 study by Dutton and Aron - in which male subjects walking across a dangerous - seeming bridge were found to be more likely to fall for an attractive woman researcher .
They are currently being reinforced by a flurry of less academic reports .
Website traffic Dating websites eHarmony and Match.com both report major boosts in traffic of up to 20 % over the past few months .
Surely when people need relief from their financial worries they reach for the natural medication created by body contact ?
A YouGov survey of 20,144 British adults in November 2008 found sex was the most popular low - cost activity .
Sex toy shops as far apart as Amsterdam , New York and China are anecdotally reporting a boom in sales .
And , according to Ken Herron , chief of marketing at gay dating site Manhunt , the site had its biggest membership sign - up on 29 September , the day the Dow Jones Index crashed .
The logic here rings true , absolutely reflecting what I as an advice columnist am seeing in my postbag .
Surely when people feel alone , they reach out for connection , seek out pleasure in the form of skin - on - skin contact ?
Surely when people need relief from their financial worries they reach for the natural medication created by body contact , which releases the feel - good chemical oxytocin ?
Negative impact However , at a certain point , this logic breaks down - and the very opposite appears true .
Relate , the couples counselling organisation , is seeing in established couples a different picture from the sexfest Helen Fisher describes .
Dating websites have seen a surge in use Denise Knowles , Relate sex therapist , said : " Economic uncertainties can cause people to become more anxious - with the added dimension of people trying to get another job , or working longer hours to cover for a partner who has lost theirs .
" In the end , they are simply less likely to want sexual activity at the end of a long day . "
In addition , the very anxiety that may be fuelling the initial desire to bond sexually may also sap the ability to experience pleasure .
Self - esteem classically drops during recession , particularly for those who actively lose their jobs .
Equally , respect drops for a partner who is economically less successful .
Then , desire plummets along with the esteem and respect .
And even if desire remains constant , ability to act on that desire may be compromised .
A lack of self - confidence has often been cited as affecting male virility - the classic ' performance anxiety ' - and a lack of emotional security during lovemaking as affecting female arousal .
Money and satisfaction
It is also arguable that economic reversal is affecting sexual completion too , at least for women .
Maybe economic woes bring us together but then make us unable to enjoy the fruits of that bonding
A recent study by Dr Thomas Pollet , of Newcastle University , suggesting that rich men give their partners more orgasms surely also implies that monetarily challenged men deliver fewer climaxes .
According to Dr Pollet , money is one of the main factors determining female sexual satisfaction .
Are these theories contradictory ?
Does the recession create lust - or sap it ?
Does a lack of money lead to a raising of desire - or a lowering of sexual action ?
One possible theory to square the circle is - to misquote the famous line from Macbeth - is that recession " provokes the desire but takes away the performance " .
Maybe economic woes bring us together but then make us unable to enjoy the fruits of that bonding .
If so , what to do ?
Knowles advises clear communication : " If you are too tired for sex , tell your partner why .
If you suddenly go off sex or can't perform , being open is the best policy . "
Communication will not solve everything , however : if the problems continue , it could be you need more specialist help .
It could be then that , instead of roses and chocolates for Valentine 's this year , we ought to be handing our beloved an appointment card for a therapy session .
Just a thought .
Susan Quilliam is the author of The New Joy of Sex , and of The Romantic Lover and The Adventurous Lover published by Mitchell Beazley .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
Israel plans to have its troops out of Gaza as soon as possible after the weekend cease - fire that ended three weeks of fighting in the Palestinian territory , Israeli officials said Monday .
Israeli tanks prepare to leave Gaza on Monday .
An Israeli Foreign Ministry official said that the pullout , which already had begun Sunday , could be finished by Tuesday evening .
The official , who declined to be named , said that the withdrawal could be complete before U.S. President - elect Barack Obama takes his oath of office in Washington at noon ET Tuesday -- 7 p.m. in Israel -- though commanders have not been given that deadline .
The Israel Defense Forces said Sunday that it had begun withdrawing some troops from Gaza , and Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said Sunday that troops would be out in a matter of days , not weeks .
The moves follow separate cease - fire declarations by Israel , which mounted a three - week offensive aimed at crippling the territory 's Hamas rulers , and by Palestinian factions in Gaza that have been firing rockets into southern Israel .
Read blog on who won in Gaza ?
During 22 days of fighting , Palestinian officials in Gaza have reported more than 1,200 Palestinians killed , while Israel has reported 13 Israelis killed .
Palestinian medical sources said 23 bodies were pulled from rubble Sunday in Gaza , adding to the Palestinian toll .
In Washington , a top Obama aide said the president - elect would move swiftly to work on the Middle East after he replaces President Bush in the White House .
" The events around the world demand that he act quickly , and I think you 'll see him act quickly , " David Axelrod told CNN .
But he refused to promise Obama would name a Middle East special envoy " on Day One . "
There is no mutual cease - fire agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians -- each side has made its own unilateral declaration of a cease - fire .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Sunday the Israeli offensive had achieved its goals but reserved the right to respond to any Palestinian violence against Israelis .
Israel said it launched the offensive in Gaza to stop the firing of rockets -- primarily the short - range homemade Qassam rockets -- from the territory into southern Israel by Hamas fighters .
Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report from an Israeli border town »
But Palestinians fired at least 19 rockets into Israel on Sunday -- including at least two after the Palestinian cease - fire declaration , according to Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld .
At least three people were wounded in those attacks , and Israeli military aircraft retaliated , firing missiles and destroying a rocket launcher , a military spokesman said .
In its declaration , which appeared to cover all Palestinian militant factions , Hamas demanded that Israel remove all troops from Gaza within the week and open border crossings to humanitarian aid and basic goods .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the Gaza withdrawal
Hamas won Palestinian elections in 2006 and wrested control of Gaza from Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ' Fatah movement in 2007 .
Abbas , who still controls the West Bank , called for the cease - fire to hold Sunday .
" We hope that it continues and that the situation calms down and that humanitarian aid delivery begins immediately to our people , " Abbas said at a summit in Egypt .
CNN 's Kevin Flower in Jerusalem contributed to this report .
All About Israel • Gaza • Hamas
Shat terd
Men
The hidden half of domestic violence
How to have eternal life
A summary of nine different studies on " domestic violence " From http://christianparty.net/dv.htm
Studies of Domestic Violence Assault by Women Against Men Assault by Men Against Women Women : Men Ratio Kanton , Strauss 4.6 % 2.0 % 2.3 Sommer , Barnes , Murray 39.1 % 26.0 % 1.5 O'Leary , Barling , Arias 36.0 % 27.0 % 1.3 Brinkerhof , Lupri 23.2 % 17.8 % 1.3 National Family Violence Survey 12.4 % 12.2 % 1.0 Texas University 18.0 % 14.0 % 1.3 Henton , Cate , Koval 22.0 % 10.0 % 2.2 Straus et al 4.6 % 3.8 % 1.2 Nisonoff , Bitman 18.6 % 12.7 % 1.5
Note that the variation from 2 % to 27 % is due to the differences in the way " domestic violence " is defined rather than a variation of the attitudes of the women who were surveyed .
Is it not time to value ALL our people and offer equal protection under the law ?
Remember , it is abusive to women to pretend that they are not violent because it will keep them from seeking the help they need , often until something drastic happens .
( please click above to vote for this site )
Beijing has the backing of Russia and a clutch of emerging powers in Asia and Latin America .
Economists have toyed with such schemes before but the issue has vaulted to the top of the political agenda as creditor states around the world takes fright at the extreme measures now being adopted by the Federal Reserve , especially the decision to buy US government debt directly with printed money .
GameDude has now ported Pygame to the latest Python releases – 1.9.x releases .
So it should now work well with the recently released PyS60 1.9.3 as well .
Here is what the ported version has new ,
* The new gfxdraw module is included and seems to work … bezier curves !
* The launcher application can now be scrolled with a pen .
This build does not come with PyS60 interpreter so be sure to install PyS60 1.9.x first .
It is tested with PyS60 1.9.2 and should work other 1.9.x releases .
The latest working OpenC has a float parsing bug .
It is suggested that you change your phone ’s locale to English .
Download the latest installer for Pygame here .
Related posts :
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
When was the last time you took a break from your work ?
I ’m not talking about the break when you have to go to the bathroom , or when you ’re hungry or sleepy – I ’m talking about choosing to go to the park , to the beach , to the bookstore , or anywhere else you wanted to go back when you did n’t think there was anything wrong with wanting to do those things .
When was the last time you let yourself be sick , tired , or in a funk without trying to work at the same time ?
If you worked for someone else , they ’d send you home … trying to milk some work out of you in such a state would simply be inhumane .
Guess what ?
Trying to milk some work out of yourself in such a state is still inhumane .
You Are Not Your Business
Entrepreneurs often forget that , at the end of the day , there is a distinction between them and their business .
I think it ’s worse with entrepreneurs with online business because :
Our Businesses Never Sleeps
Anyone , anywhere can walk into what counts as our “ store ” at any hour .
Knowing this , we wonder what ’s happening at all times of our waking day .
“ Did we get a bunch of comments ? ” “ Did that last post get a traffic spike ? ” “ How much of our product have we sold ? ”
There are times for these type of questions — but 1 AM when we ’re trying to sleep or when we ’re reading to our kids are not those times .
We ’re Bound to Email
The same technology that promised freedom is actually our undoing .
Email can be done anytime , but somehow we ’ve screwed it up such that it ’s being done all the time , but still not getting done .
It becomes a task that we put off until later , but it still it still drains our focus because we know we have put it off .
If we ’re smart , we do our creative thing before we check email , but then that leaves email to be done at the end of the day ; if we ’re spinning in email circles , then we try to do whatever we do at hours we should n’t .
Both have the same result : we ’re working two shifts .
It ’s Just Us
We have no marketing department .
We are our customer service agents .
We are the designers , writers , and financial officers .
While this gives us incredible perspective and agility , it has the serious downfall that there ’s only so much time in a day .
Despite the fact that we ca n’t do it all ( everyday ) , we know that it has to get done someday .
And rather than cut back and doing what counts , we expand and try to do everything .
We Work from Home
Our couches have been taken hostage by laptop - bearing legs .
We wind up in our offices when we meant to go to the bathroom .
The many , many benefits from working at home come at a cost when it becomes increasingly harder to separate our home from our office .
And since home=work , and we ’re at home a lot , we ’re at work a lot .
We Love What We Do
The most pressing reason we think we are our business is because we love what we do .
We wake up in the morning to do our thing , and we ’d probably do it for free if we could still put food on the table .
We may not love every aspect of what we do – I mean , there ’s only so much you can love processing email or balancing your books — but we do those things because it lets us do the other things we love .
Remember the different ways you used to feel throughout your workday when you went to work ?
How it felt to get up , get dressed , and drive there ; how it felt to be there ; and how it felt to go home ?
Those ebbs and tides of feelings embedded distinctions in us that served to keep us reminded that we were more than our work .
We saw that there were times to work and there were times to do other things .
That email or phone call could wait until tomorrow morning when you were on the clock – where “ on the clock ” meant when you were paid to do it .
Many of us have lost that , and unfortunately we ’ve thrown the baby out with the bathwater .
No business sleeps , because businesses are n’t people .
But people are what business are made from .
You Are Your Most Important Asset , but You ’re Not a Robot
If you bought some equipment that very expressly said that it was only to be used for 8 hours before recharging , and that using it for more than 8 hours would both damage it and void its warranty , you ’d be irresponsible for using it for 12 hours before recharging it .
Yet we do this to ourselves on a daily basis .
Of course , the problem is that what makes you able to do your creative thing is you .
You are not a robot — you do not have a steady , measurable source of energy that is recharged by power and maintenance .
If you ’re sick , you do n’t have that energy .
If you ’re tired , you do n’t have that energy .
And , if you ’re burnt out , it ’s hard to be creative .
Your creative energy and ability to produce is dependent on how well you take care of yourself physically , emotionally , socially , and mentally .
Without you , there is no business or creativity .
Imagine this choice : you could either limp along for four days at a 50 % capacity , or you could take the day off one day , and be at 75 % capacity for the other three days .
Which would you choose ?
Maybe some math would help .
Let ’s say that you could produce 4 units of work a day at 100 % capacity ; a unit could be 1,000 words , a webpage , a piece of code , or whatever makes sense for your craft .
50 % capacity for four days would yield 8 units of work .
If you choose the latter option , you ’d have 9 units of work .
So you ’re 1 unit ahead , which is nothing to get excited about .
That is , if you were a robot or piece of equipment .
But , if you were actually able to let yourself take that day off , you may be reconnected with yourself , your loved ones , and with the things you find worth doing .
You may remember why you ’re doing what you ’re doing .
So , whereas you ’d only be 1 unit ahead on the short term , the more likely story is that , after you feel better , you ’ll realize that your 100 % point was not your 100 % point .
This is because you ’re …
Lying in Your Own Filth ( Without Knowing It )
When you creep and grind long enough , there ’s some emotional funk that builds up slowly and imperceptibly .
It ’s below the level of your awareness , but it ’s having a huge impact on your ability to do the things you need to do .
To illustrate this point , I ’ll ask one question :
What refreshes you ?
If your answer only contains stuff that ’s related to your business or creative thing , you ’re lying in your own filth .
( The key word there is “ only . ” )
If you ca n’t think of an answer , you ’re lying in your own filth .
If you have n’t thought about it on one level or nother , you ’re lying in your filth .
Here ’s another question or two :
When was the last time you rewarded yourself or did something fun that was n’t related to your business or creative thing ?
Rewards ?
Fun ?
Blasphemy !
That ’s time and money you can be spending on growing your business or creating something .
You do n’t have time for such things .
There ’s email to process .
EMAIL !!
( said like the redheaded kid on Talledega Nights . )
Work is not its own inherent reward , despite what the Protestant Ethic tells you .
Being immersed in your creative processes may be inherently rewarding , but it ca n’t be the sole thing that sustains you .
When you get away from your work and come back refreshed , you ’ll see that your filthy 100 % point is actually closer to your real 50 % .
When you find yourself and recharge , you can reconnect with that energy that fires you up and lets you do awesome things with less effort .
Employers offer leave days ( sick or otherwise ) because they know that employees are more productive ( holistically ) if they use leave when they need to .
They may also do it because they ’re humane that way , too .
Do you give yourself leave days ?
If you do n’t think you need leave days , you ’re lying in your own filth .
You may not believe me that you ’re lying in your own productive filth .
So be it .
But before you write this off , get away from your work for a while and notice how you feel when you come back to it .
If I ’m wrong , feel free to come back here and abuse me or to defame me on your own blog .
Make Time for Yourself
The timing of this post is intentional .
Saying “ make time for yourself ” during the middle of the week would yield a “ I ’ll get to that this weekend , ” and then the waves of weekly work would wash over the idea .
I ’m trying to hit you when you ’re likely to go with it .
The interesting thing is that you both will have to make time for you to refresh , and at the same time , you wo n’t .
The time is already there — it ’s just how you ’ve been using it .
But to use it differently , you ’ll have to intend to use it differently ; otherwise , habits will kick in , and the opportunity will pass .
And yet another week of work will begin .
So , commit to doing something that refreshes you this weekend .
If you do n’t know what that is , unplug your computer and smartphone for a morning or afternoon this weekend ; I would say for a day or for the weekend , but I know that ’s a bridge too far .
Do something that engrosses you so ( but that ’s not your creative thing ) so that your mind is n’t wandering and distracted by the silence .
And the next time you recognize that you ’re working when you ’re tired , sick , or burnt out , check out and take care of yourself .
( Tweet this . )
You ’re working for yourself so that you can have the autonomy to do what you want ; it ’s time to make that idea less theoretical and more a matter of practice .
And only when you practice it will you see how valuable it is .
If you want your business or creative endeavor to flourish , you have to flourish .
Make it happen .
( Thanks to Naomi , Megan , and JessRS for being unwitting participants in this conversation . )
Amazon is a Gay - Hating Company for Nazis
A few days ago , this guy Mark Probst who publishes gay books and is a gay writer himself , suddenly noticed that the Amazon rank on his gay romance novel called " The Filly " plummeted to nothing , and he was all like : " Huh ?
What in the hay ?
People love my book !
" He also noticed that the page rank for many other gay and sexually - themed books had also been cut all to hell ( including Annie Proulx 's " Brokeback Mountain , " which you have heard of ) , so he figured something had gone wrong with their system .
You could still buy Nazi - fetish books , for instance , if that was your thing .
But you could n't buy GAY Nazi books .
Surely Amazon had not suddenly entered the culture wars and declared war on an entire book - buying subset of the American population ?
Surely Amazon was a for - profit company that was neutral on the subject of human rights and would just as willingly sell books to dick - dipping dudes and clit - licking ladies just as fast as it would sell self - help books to leather - loving Nazis ?
( We all Americans , baby !
We all get to read the shit we want while we wait to die from the cancer we can't cure because we do n't have medical insurance !
That 's the trade !
Otherwise , sign me up for Cuba !
Hell yeah !
Cuba libres and sun and doctors fixing up my cavities for cheap ! )
So , because Probst is a publisher and has an Amazon Advantage account , he sent Amazon a letter saying " whafa " and he got this in response :
" In consideration of our entire customer base , we exclude " adult " material from appearing in some searches and best seller lists .
Since these lists are generated using sales ranks , adult materials must also be excluded from that feature .
Hence , if you have further questions , kindly write back to us .
Best regards , Ashlyn DMember ServicesAmazon.com Advantage " So !
Probst was wrong !
He WAS being persecuted !
Evidently , Amazon 's starting to stick their " adult " shit in a virtual back room behind a virtual curtain , and his book got fingered in the first wave .
Which is fine : but there is no " adult " button on Amazon , a setting that allows you to browse with all your rights intact .
Weird !
Like when the coffee shop you love suddenly stops serving black people .
It almost makes you giddy .
It 's FUN to burn places to the ground .
Rarely do you have a reason .
But will a boycott of this new policy cause the policy to go into remission ?
Can we make Amazon feel it ?
Do n't you want to be able to find the gay porn ( or straight porn ( or book with the word " cunt " ( or book where TV's Elmo gets raped like the filthy , fist - loving slut he is ( yeah , take it Elmo ) ) ) ) you are looking for and buy it when you need it ?
( It 's always interesting that when a company introduces a controversial new policy , they like to pretend -- against all facts -- that it is what they have done all along , like the situation is unchangeable , fixed , and permanent , and always has been .
It 's the same sort of logic you get from island dictatorships who operate on a daily wing and a prayer : if you get people used to believing that the last thing said was the true thing , then you never have to worry about truth again . )
Internet folk hero Ed Champion has pointed out over at his radio show that Amazon is only censoring books of a sexual nature that people may find offensive , and not work like " Mein Kampf " or " The Protocols of the Elders of Zion . "
So , if you look up " Jewish struggle " on Amazon you are still likely to find a book that may not be what you are looking for as a member of the " general population .
" Personally , I find everything Stephenie Meyer writes to be offensive .
I really , really , honestly believe deep in my heart that teenage girls should be fucking teenage boys .
I know this is a controversial position to take , but it is a position I have developed from experience , and I do n't deny the right of other people to take the opposite line .
Maybe they are right .
Who can say ?
However , my own beliefs aside , it 's not libel to say , unequivocally , now that preference has been shown , that : AMAZON IS A GAY - HATING COMPANY FOR NAZISMaybe you want to give them MORE of your money now .
I do n't know you .
Maybe this whole time you have been waiting for a bookstore to suddenly take a hard - line moral position on both fascist politics and sexual identity .
Maybe you pass independent bookstores all the time in your Renault and say " I 'd go in there if the place was n't full to the fucking dotted - line with dykes , and had more Martin Heidegger books near the check - out counter where people could see them .
" Like I said , I do n't know you .
But I do know that Amazon is finally making good on their promise to " kindle " literature , and maybe you want to go ahead and cancel that last order you made or maybe you want to write them a letter .
I bet this policy wo n't last .
Still , it makes you wonder , does n't it ?
Who 's running Amazon ?
Why do they want to own all of literature and turn into the world 's biggest publisher ?
Maybe they want to clean things up around here .
Once and for all .
Before people start getting ideas .
House members went back to the drawing board on Internet consumer protection Thursday ; once again tackling the subject of how much personal data
Web companies should collect about you , and whether or not Congress needs to legislate a solution .
House members went back to the drawing board on Internet consumer protection Thursday ; once again tackling the subject of how much personal data
Web companies should collect about you , and whether or not Congress needs to legislate a solution .
" What is needed is not just a decision about opt - in and opt - out , but also a framework for privacy protection , " said Rep. Rick Boucher , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Internet subcommittee .
" Opt - in taken by itself is completely meaningless " unless it includes a good description of what type of data a company will be collecting , he said .
The hearing dealt primarily with deep - packet inspection ( DPI ) , a technique that allows for the detailed inspection of data as it travels across the Internet .
ISPs can use it to filter out the illegal transfer of copyrighted material or harmful viruses and spam , but providers have come under fire for allegedly using the technology to block certain file - sharing applications or to serve up targeted advertisements based on Web activity .
The National Cable & Telecommunications Association ( NCTA ) , which represents most of the major U.S. cable companies , denied that any of its members utilizes DPI for behavioral advertising purposes .
AT&T also said it does not use DPI at this point .
" We will initiate such a program only after testing and validating the various techs and only after establishing clear and consistent measures to engage customers , " said Dorothy Attwood , AT&T 's chief privacy officer .
" If AT&T deploys these technologies and processes , we 'll do it the right ways . "
" Let me stress again that [ DPI ]  like any technology we deploy  is being deployed in a manner that respects our customers ' privacy , " said Kyle McSlarrow , president and CEO of NCTA .
" We believe that protection of subscriber privacy is the most useful focus for the policy debate . "
These are not new revelations , so what should happen going forward ?
Should Congress step in and craft a bill that bans companies from collecting customer information without their consent ?
Or should the industry be responsible for coming up with its own set of guiding principles without government intervention ?
Not surprisingly , NCTA and AT&T voted for a more hands - off approach , while the interest groups on the panel , like Free Press , the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , and the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) , were in favor of a bill .
" Even if ISPs or advertising networks intend to only use a small portion of what 's captured by DPI , it does n't diminish the breadth and intrusiveness of that initial data capture , " said Leslie Harris , president and CEO of CDT .
" I worry about the unlimited appetite for surveillance that our government appears to have , and that DPI is a game changer there as well . "
Harris pushed for " baseline , technology neutral consumer privacy legislation . "
McSlarrow urged Congress to " consider allowing self - regulation to work . "
" This entire arena is moving so fast , " McSlarrow said .
" I think we should allow industry and all stakeholders to try to work together to force us to come up with self - regulatory principles . "
When done correctly , " behavioral advertising can actually be the most pro-consumer thing we do , to enrich the Internet , [ and ] to allow new services that have n't even been created yet to survive and thrive , " he said .
It does n't appear that Boucher is entirely behind the self - regulation option .
He pledged to introduce consumer privacy legislation that will be similar to a bill he and Cliff Stearns , the subcommittee 's ranking member , introduced several years ago , though he suggested that it will focus more on consumer 's online rights than impeding any specific technology .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A common stimulant drug used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder can cause brain changes in mice similar to those seen in cocaine addiction , U.S. researchers said on Monday .
They said healthy mice exposed to daily injections of the Novartis drug Ritalin , or methylphenidate , developed changes in the reward centers of their brains , and some of these changes resembled those in mice given cocaine .
“ Methylphenidate , which is thought to be a fairly innocuous compound , can have structural and biochemical effects in some regions of the brain that can be even greater than those of cocaine , ” Dr. Yong Kim of Rockefeller University in New York , whose study was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , said in a statement .
The study , funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse , follows a number of studies in humans that have found the drugs to be safe when used to treat ADHD .
It was prompted by reports suggesting that more than 7 million people in the United States have abused methylphenidate , using it to get high or to improve academic performance .
Dr. Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , said in a telephone interview that very little is known about the effects of these drugs when used to improve concentration in healthy people .
“ What this study shows was in these animals exposure of two weeks to methylphenidate actually produced changes that are comparable to what is seen with chronic exposure to cocaine , ” Volkow said .
Millions of children take stimulants such as Ritalin and Shire Plc ’s Adderall to treat ADHD , a condition marked by restlessness , impulsiveness , inattention and distractibility that can interfere with a child ’s ability to pay attention in school and maintain social relationships .
Volkow stressed that studies in adolescents show methylphenidate does not increase the risk for later addiction , and several have found adolescents with ADHD are far more likely to smoke or abuse drugs , and treatment with stimulants such as Ritalin can lower this risk .
“ If you do n’t treat them as adolescents , actually you may be seeing more abuse of substances , ” Volkow said .
But she said nonmedical use of methylphenidate and other stimulants may lead to addiction .
Part of the reason there has been an increase in the abuse of stimulant medications has to do with the notion that they are less dangerous than illicit substances , she said .
“ This is wrong .
They can be as dangerous as illicit substances when used inappropriately . ”
( CNN ) --
An Illinois sheriff filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against the owners of craigslist , accusing the popular national classified - ad Web site of knowingly promoting prostitution .
" Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " says Cook County Sheriff Thomas Dart .
Cook County Sheriff Thomas
Dart wants craigslist to eliminate its Erotic Services section .
" Craigslist is the single largest source of prostitution in the nation , " Dart said .
" Missing children , runaways , abused women and women trafficked in from foreign countries are routinely forced to have sex with strangers because they 're being pimped on craigslist . "
The FBI found more than 2,800 child prostitution ads posted on craigslist , with Chicago , Illinois , in the top 10 cities for juvenile prostitution , Dart said .
The sheriff also noted instances of what he said was child neglect while parents were engaged in activity solicited on the Web site .
In an e-mailed statement , craigslist told CNN it had not seen Dart 's complaint but that " craigslist is an extremely unwise choice for those intent on committing crimes , since criminals inevitably leave an electronic trail to themselves that law enforcement officers will follow . "
" On a daily basis , we are being of direct assistance to police departments and federal authorities nationwide , " spokeswoman Susan McTavish said .
" Misuse of craigslist to facilitate criminal activity is unacceptable , and we continue to work diligently to prevent it , " she said .
" Misuse of the site is exceptionally rare compared to how much the site is used for legal purposes .
Regardless , any misuse of the site is not tolerated on craigslist . "
Do n't Miss FBI 's Innocence Lost initiative
FBI 's Innocence Lost initiative CNN Newsroom
But Dart said that the Web site for two years has ignored his written requests to shut down the Erotic Services section and failed to take action or adequately monitor the section despite hundreds of arrests .
" Pimps are preying on the most vulnerable members of our society and taking advantage of our struggling economy , " he said .
" The worst part is craigslist 's owners know their Web site is still being used for illegal purposes and they 're doing nothing to stop it . "
Craigslist entered into an agreement with 43 states ' attorneys general in November to enact measures that impose restrictions on its Erotic Services section .
The agreement called for the Web site to implement a phone verification system for listings that required ad posters to provide a real telephone number that would be called before the ad went public .
Craigslist also imposed listing fees , requiring a credit card , for ads in the section .
The proceeds were to be donated to charity .
Dart called the fees " dirty money " and said the move was a " publicity stunt " that had little practical effect because pimps use stolen credit cards or post ads in free sections .
All About Human Trafficking • Child Abuse
[ social_buttons ]
It had to happen : boxed water is here .
Recently , commentator / comedian Bill Maher hypothesized what would happen if the only sacrifice required to curb climate change was for people everywhere to give up their TV remotes .
His theory was that , after an intolerable stint of shuffling betwixt couch and television , harried viewers would finally give up and resume clicking the world toward apocalypse .
It ’s an amusing premise , though one seasoned with the nagging aftertaste of truth .
For sustainability will ultimately require changing many small habits , which when weighed in the aggregate , make a big difference .
Few of these habits have received as much attention from environmental advocates as disposable water bottles .
Why water ?
Mainly because ( disposable ) bottled water adds an avalanche of industry to a resource that is readily and cheaply available at the tap .
Pointing to the success of bottled water , one could make a compelling case for a bottled air industry .
There could emerge rainforest and mountain flavors .
Cracking open a bottle would provide a lungful of rarefied airs from exotic locales .
Alpine Air. Belgium Breeze .
Wyoming Wind .
In the realm of the absurd , possibilities are endless .
Yet bottled water has become a staple of Americans on the go , and plucking it from the shelf plays a part in the grocery store shopping ritual for millions of us .
Toothpaste ?
Check .
Noodles ?
Got ‘em .
Bottles containing the same stuff drawn nearly free from household tap ?
Score .
Now enter boxed water .
The company ’s name is Boxed Water is Better , and it is marketing the product as an earth - friendlier alternative to plastic bottles .
The box is made from 90 % cellulose ( trees ) , a quality the company lists chief among its virtues .
Also noted is the lesser embodied energy required to produce the cartons compared to their plastic competitors .
They can also be folded flat en route to filling locations , which means far more containers can be shipped in the same amount of space .
The new containers were launched this month in Michigan , and BWIB plans to soon roll out the product and expand into other markets .
This novelty promises to be all rage among those seeking to feel better about their disposable container water usage , to have their cake and eat it too .
But in the end , such a product muddies the waters for a society that seems to be seeking a more sustainable paradigm .
There may come a time when bottled water ( plastics , glass , etc. ) become mercifully taboo in our population bulging , resource shrinking world .
Yet ideas like this only serve to slow the pace of that evolution , dazzling and distracting consumers from best practices .
Not to put too fine a point on it , but the advent of boxed water conjures within the reflective mind the utility of the training diaper to the toddler – the reeking reminder of one ’s incapacity ( or unwillingness ) to make the long haul to the receptacle to do some necessary business .
But while the protective undergarment shields society from catastrophic accidents , the marketing of boxed water smells too much like a way to soil the planet with a clear conscience , offering the delusion of a cleaner and fresher you .
We , The People , hereby present a review of the State and condition of our Judiciary and the Government that legitimizes it , its systemic inequities , constitutional drift and institutional malaise ; a call for the betterment and return to the purity of due process , enforcement of caliber in our judicial administration , and official recognition of our demands .
“ At the establishment of our constitutions , the judiciary bodies were supposed to be the most helpless and harmless members of the government .
Experience , however , soon showed us in what way they were to become the most dangerous ; that the insufficiency of the means provided for their removal gave them a freehold and irresponsibility in office ; that their decisions , seeming to concern individual suitors only , pass silent and unheeded by the public at large ; that these decisions , nevertheless , become law by precedent , sapping little and little , the foundations of the Constitution , before anyone perceived that invisible and helpless worm had been busily employed in consuming its substance .
In truth , man is not made to be trusted for life , if secured against all liability to account . ”
– Thomas Jefferson , 1823 .
We , the class of persons aggrieved by the government and in the courts , do hereby formally proffer our petition of grievance and demand for redress and amelioration , as is constitutionally guaranteed and provided for by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
It has come to our attention that the federal judiciary , which serves as the role model and exemplar idyllic for all American courts , has gone terribly astray in its practice and administration of the law , and has de facto breached both its Constitutional idealism to unbiased justice and its purport to its public charter , from which its power is derived .
We impute the government 's & courts breach of its duty , where its adherence to written procedure and law has degraded to such a degree , that the outcome and resolution of cases in these forums has become probabilistic at best , and oligarchically complicit at its worst .
We , those of us among the public who have had first - hand and informed experience in the court system (s ) , have taken up indignant notice of the discrepancies between the theory and the practice of the law ; have suffered unjustly due to those discrepancies , and hereby articulate these abuses and breaches ; we speak for ourselves and for the unknowing laity whose liberties and properties are at jeopardy where the judiciary has abrogated its Constitutional charter .
Preamble and Declaration of Condition
We assert that the current state of the courts ' standard modus operandi has devolved into one of caprice and peremptory resolution –a condition where the judges now consistently rule with expedience and favoritism , with a post hoc mentality , geared more toward a synthesized end result than of a resolution wrought by the impartial weighing of the facts as directed to by the law .
Whether it be because the issues therein are deemed too disruptive to society or the legal mettle , or because one of the litigants is politically more precedential than the other , or other reason , this is a breach of the public role of the judiciary .
Cognizant of the above , we also note that there appears to be an orchestrated effort by the judiciary to uphold the appearance of intact due process in the public eye .
We also observe that , due to the technical nature of these matters , this effort is generally successful , and the very many micro injustices perpetrated as a matter of course in these forums side - step and escape the attention of the uninvolved public at large , who continue to retain a confidence of faith that all is basically well with the system .
As more members of the laity unavoidably get involved in the legal arena , these problems will not be concealable much longer .
Although the details of the situation may continue to evade the general public 's comprehension , the sentiment will not , as those who have had the misfortune of being subject to these inequities complain loudly to all that would listen .
And in that vein , it can be seen that a plethora of grass roots political action committees and coalitions , highly critical of the state of the various judiciaries and demanding change , have emerged .
Each one of these groups is representative of thousands of people who have deep - set grievances with the judicial system in its current defective incarnation , and have been unjustly affronted by their participation with it .
The members do n't complain about unfavorable decisions to themselves ; they complain about the institutionally corrupt way decisions are arrived at and handed down .
We do n't demand favoritism from the courts ; we demand impartiality and plain adherence to the rule of written law .
Historical Backdrop and Precedent
It has long been past since the federal courts upheld their rightful roles as guardians of the ideals of the Constitution , a bulwark against greater political and social powers seeking to establish an agenda at the expense of the common man 's rights and guarantees .
There was a time when the federal courts did not recoil at the incidental possibility that a decision or ruling might have uncontrolled or unforeseen ramifications , rather they let the facts of the case and the law as written be their guides to just resolution , and let the results go where they may .
They were the leaders of law , and set the outer limits to what was right and wrong .
Their decisions issued were pertinent and succinct to each case at hand ; legal findings issued righted the wrongs at bar without reserve or fear that such a decision would or could affect other cases .
There was a purity of process , compartmentalized , as it should be , within the instant cases being entertained , and beholden only to the applicable law at hand .
Pristine in the application of the facts and law to the case at hand , such process was not soiled either by outside influences nor by the socio-political status of either litigant .
However , where there once was a dynamism , an open - mindedness to lead wherever the logic of the law may take it , without reservation to pragmatic forces or eventualities , there has now come a miserly stodginess of thought and forethought , where the results of judicial decision making are feared by those making them , and decisions ' scope are artificially constrained , held tightly and reigned in as close as they can , so as to preempt what may come of them .
The fall - out from this change , from the free - form intellectual clarity of purpose and the openhanded idealistic application of the law , to the close fisted and small minded micro-management of the judicial administration ( i.e. , decision making and application ) , has been the practical degeneration of the legal system to the point where there is now particularized “ justice ” for one , not for all .
Litigants cannot reliably depend on written law , because it could be “ interpreted ” to mean anything the courts want it to mean .
Legal truths no longer apply to all people everywhere similarly situated ; rather , rulings and order memorandums are crafted to single persons or entities , constrained in scope solely to the instant cases , with judicially stamped captions boldly stating just that .
Such individualized justice systemically inevitably permits an arbitrariness of law ; equal protection becomes meaningless as the law is applied fundamentally differently , depending on who you are and what impact your circumstance may have on the status quo .
This sloppiness and lack of legal consistency , and the accompanying loss of quality of decision issuance and analysis , has become a mindset and model for the judiciary at large .
No longer are the previous ideals of adherence to the written rule of law held in sacred esteem , as something meant to be inviolate and kept pure .
Now the judiciary feels free to “ interpret ” and reinterpret clearly written laws , unambiguous on their face , in whatever way seems pragmatically suited to the circumstance at bar .
2
( It must be noted that in concert with this judicial trend is the contemporary legislative tendency to enact ambiguously written law , often incomplete and by design requiring interpretation by the courts to make any sense .
Yet the courts ' refusal to readily overturn such laws on the grounds of ambiguity makes them complicit in this dereliction ) .
[ 2 . Such a legal system , brought to its logical conclusion , is indistinguishable from the Chinese judicial system of “ laws ” and ruling ; there are no codified laws – judges hand down decisions based upon the reigning power structure 's sentiment , presumed to be known to all , implicitly and without prior notice .
Chinese judges do not publish their decisions or reasons thereof ; all decisions are sealed and kept secret from the public .
In practice , this is similarly indistinguishable to our judiciary 's increasing habit of issuances of orders without opinion , or qualified with some cryptic summary statement , such as “ based on the record and pleadings before the court it is so ordered . ”
This is how Chinese leaders thus maintain flexibility in their courts . ]
{ End of Part I | Part II will ensue in a few days.}
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When I was in the Air Force and 26 or 27 , I worked with a civilian named Jim .
Nice guy .
He was about 45 , wife and two kids .
He ’d recently been forced off active duty due to a weird heart glitch unlikely to flare up , and he was miserable about being forced out of uniform .
I , on the other hand , was a total gym rat and fashion plate with an unlimited military future .
I worked out so , I had to have my uniform sleeves tailored for my sculpted , Michelle - kiss - my - heinie arms .
I monitored everything that went into my body and everything that went into anybody ’s body around me .
I subscribed to magazines like Muscle and Fitness and would have competed in bodybuilding competitions had I not been too busy going to school at night to get ahead .
Jim , with his Homer Simpson gut and comb over , got winded just using the copier .
One day , he came in wincing and limping .
He ’d actually hurt himself stretching before one of his infrequent attempts to exercise .
I laughed and laughed .
Thought it was the funniest thing in the world , and only realized in retrospect that he was not sharing the joke .
A callow , overconfident youth , it never occurred to me then that my reaction was cruel .
And stupid .
What , did I think I ’d still be bench - pressing my body weight at 80 ?
In my late 30s , when my own mystery aches and pains began , and now nearly 50 when I never see the inside of a gym that does n’t have - boree after it , styling in my Walmart stretch pants and feeling my gut pillowing into my lap when I ’m naked , I have one burning desire — to tell Jim I ’m sorry I was such a bitch .
Well , two : I ’d also thank him for not slapping me .
He respectfully tried that day to convince me that eventually age would catch up with me , too , and I would n’t always be a young hottie , free to work out all evening , apply careful makeup everyday , and fuss over my complicated hairdo .
What nonsense !
I believe I actually went ‘ talk to the hand ’ on that nice man .
He might as well have predicted I ’d end up becoming a Buddhist monk or a lion - tamer .
Never , ever would I “ let myself go . ”
“ Never would I age , ” I must have thought .
Never would I lose my zeal , or the time , to take care of myself first .
Well , much as I ’d like to , I ca n’t apologize to Jim and commiserate with him over the follies of youth .
That “ unlikely weird heart glitch ” glitched ; and a former coworker called a few years after that to tell me JIm had keeled over dead at his desk .
All of that to say this to the young feminists so offended by this elder ’s critique :
One day , you ’ll have your own Jim story to tell .
One day , when you ’ve lived through more of this bitch called life , but without all that youth and vigor , you ’ll hear yourself saying something like , “ These young women today just do n’t get it .
Not like we did . ”
When you ’ve made hideous mistakes you know were because you talked the feminist talk but did n’t walk the feminist walk .
When that day comes , if I have n’t keeled over at my desk , please have the grace to call me up so we can laugh together at youth ’s callow overconfidence and refusal to listen with respect , if not agreement .
As my father used to say : Even a fool can give you something you can use .
But you have to hear him out .
I ’m not a fool , so why not ask me what I meant , then sift through those insights for the nuggets you buy into ?
Or , just go on believing you ’re impervious to either error or critique .
But wait !
I started it , right ?
I was disrespectful first , no ?
Grow up , girlies .
When all those random grannies on the street criticize the way I ’ve dressed my kids or what I ’m letting them eat , I just say “ thank you ” or “ have a nice day ” or pretend not to have heard .
When my mother gets in my business , I say “ yes ma’am , ” then do exactly as I please .
Unless she was right , then I take her advice .
But however annoying my mom , however much of a busybody the old lady across the street is , I do not growl back .
I do not tell them to mind their own business or point out how their generation might have won WWII but what about Jim Crow ?
When I was in the military , I sought out the more senior females , took them to lunch , and listened .
Same with the female partners at my firm when I was considering the law .
Ditto my elders in publishing and journalism .
Ninety percent of it was useless to me ( or so I thought ) , but oh that 10 percent .
But , then , I went in assuming I did n’t know everything about being a woman in a sexist world or navigating the currents of a profession as volatile as mine .
And I went in with some old - fashioned home training .
I ’m not talking about reverence , I ’m talking about a thirst for the kind of knowledge that will help in the battles all your responses claim to be fighting so diligently for .
Here ’s my final example : I take seriously the chidings of people who ’ve been dead for as much as 150 years .
I can still hear Frederick Douglassand W.E.B. Du Bois and Anna Julia Cooper telling me that I ’m dropping the ball .
I want desperately to live up to their example and it tears me up to think blacks today , to analogize , are not living up to that legacy .
That ’s where my second book , The End of Blackness , came from .
I finally got around to reading all ‘ those books ’— the ones we ’re going to read someday .
For me , it was all the anti-slavery and Movement classics , like The Miseducation of the Negro , The Souls of Black Folks and Dr. King ’s speeches .
I came away ashamed .
I went looking for condemnations of white folks and came away with the knowledge that nearly every book in the black canon is mostly intra-communal critique .
So I wrote a book about ‘ hearing dead people , ’ basically all the long dead blacks who made me realize that my post -Movement generation has dropped the ball .
If you think its easy being a black feminist who also criticizes the civil rights bourgeoeisie , well , think again .
I ’ve earned my bitchiness and I ’ve earned the right to be taken seriously .
On that point , I critcized a group .
If you ’re going to criticize an individual — namely me — you might want to check me out .
Questions like “ how many abortions has she provided , ” and “ how many young feminists does she know ” ?
Please .
Also with the ageism ; again , please .
When a bunch of college kids were roomed in my complex due to dorm shortages our complaints were met with claims of age discrimination , I guess because we never complained when the senior citizens in the complex ding - dong - ditched night after night before dawn .
Stop with the make - weight ‘ arguments ’ .
Can you not see that my yelling at you comes from fear and jealousy ?
Yeah , I ’m as jealous of your youth and unlimited future as Jim , a middle - aged white guy , was of mine .
And I ’m terrified that you ’ll make all the usual female mistakes .
I did .
Your generation just seems so complacent , la la la there are no abortion providers in most of the country but I ’ll just go auction off my virginity and flash my thong with pride .
I ’ll excel from kindergarten through Harvard Law , then mommy track myself for a man who is not my equal .
Then I ’ll breastfeed for eight years , not because I want to but because I ’m a bad mommy if I do n’t .
Unfair , but from love .
You do n’t hear me criticizing the Jews or our missile defense policy .
I care about the groups I belong ( or belonged ) to : the working class , blacks , women , and the military .
So , you know , have a little respect and a hell of a lot more humility .
We older chicks may be critical bitches but you will be too , someday .
If you ’re lucky .
Would you really rather we did n’t give a damn ?
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
May 6 , 2004
President Bush , Jordanian King Discuss Iraq , Middle East
Remarks by President Bush and His Majesty King Abdullah II of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan in a Press Availability
The Rose Garden
2:03 P.M. EDT
PRESIDENT BUSH : Your Majesty , welcome once again to the White House .
I appreciate your friendship , and I appreciate the opportunity to hear your thoughts on a range of issues that face your country , and mine , at this time of challenge and opportunity in the Middle East .
The economic relationship between our two countries has never been stronger .
We continue to increase the ties of trade and investment , creating new opportunities for both our people .
The free trade agreement between Jordan and the United States is a model for the region , as my government works to build a Middle East free trade agreement .
The United States is committed to helping Jordan along the path to prosperity through our strong support of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
And we 're proud to support Jordan through our support for Jordan 's social and economic transformation program .
His Majesty and his team are reform - minded individuals who care deeply about the citizens of the Kingdom of Jordan .
We spent quite a deal of time -- quite a bit of time talking about lasting prosperity in Jordan , and our desire to help Jordan achieve lasting prosperity .
We also know that lasting prosperity requires lasting security and peace in the region .
Our two countries are working closely to ensure that the Middle East becomes safer and more prosperous and more free .
The fall of Saddam Hussein removed a source of instability and intimidation from the heart of the Middle East .
All of Iraq 's neighbors , including Jordan , are safer now .
And the emergence of a peaceful , prosperous , and free Iraq will contribute to Jordan 's security and prosperity .
The United States strongly supports the efforts of U.N. Security General 's Special Advisor Brahimi to work with Iraqis to develop and interim government .
His Majesty and I talked about the fact that on June 30th , a sovereign Iraqi government will take office .
Our coalition partners will continue to work with the United Nations to prepare for nationwide elections that will choose a new government in January of 2005 .
Jordan and the United States share a vision for a free , stable , and prosperous Middle East .
Under the King 's leadership , Jordan has become a force for reform and positive change in the region .
This month , Jordan will be hosting a meeting of the World Economic Forum , another important milestone on the Middle East journey to greater openness and opportunity and liberty .
Next June , G8 nations will discuss ways that we can support reform in the Middle East .
We will look to the results of your World Economic Forum , Your Majesty , as a guide for future actions .
His Majesty and I also discussed our ongoing quest for a just and durable peace between Israel and Palestine .
I commend the King 's personal commitment to peace and justice for all parties .
I remain committed to the vision I laid out here in the Rose Garden on June 24 , 2002 , of two states , Israel and Palestine , living side - by - side in peace and security , and to the establishment of a Palestinian state that is viable , contiguous , sovereign , and independent .
I support the plan announced by Prime Minister Sharon to withdraw settlements from Gaza and parts of the West Bank .
This bold plan can make a real contribution to peace , particularly if reform - minded Palestinians will step forward and lead toward the establishment of a peaceful Palestinian state .
As I have previously stated , all final status issues must be negotiated between the parties in accordance with U.N. Security Council Resolutions 242 and 338 .
And the United States will not prejudice the outcome of those negotiations .
The road map is the -- is the best path to realizing the two - state vision .
That is why the road map is the plan endorsed by the Palestinians , Israel , the United Nations , the European Union , Russia , the United States and many other nations .
That 's why my administration is committed to making it a reality .
Today , the King had some suggestions about how to -- how to explain our position to the Palestinians .
And I appreciated your advice , Your Majesty .
He advised that I make sure the Palestinians understand my desire for a just peace , my desire for there to be a prosperous country , my desire that the Palestinian people have a chance to realize their hopes and aspirations .
I told His Majesty I will shortly send Mr. Qureia , the Palestinian Prime Minister , a letter that will explain my views .
And we will expand dialogue between the United States and Palestinians .
I want to appreciate your wise counsel , Your Majesty .
We also talked about what has been on the TV screens recently , not only in our own country , but overseas -- the images of cruelty and humiliation .
I told His Majesty as plainly as I could that the wrongdoers will be brought to justice , and that the actions of those folks in Iraq do not represent the values of the United States of America .
I told him I was sorry for the humiliation suffered by the Iraqi prisoners , and the humiliation suffered by their families .
I told him I was equally sorry that people who have been seeing those pictures did n't understand the true nature and heart of America .
I assured him Americans , like me , did n't appreciate what we saw , that it made us sick to our stomachs .
I also made it clear to His Majesty that the troops we have in Iraq , who are there for security and peace and freedom , are the finest of the fine , fantastic United States citizens , who represent the very best qualities of America : courage , love of freedom , compassion , and decency .
Your Majesty , I 'm proud you 're here .
I appreciate you coming .
Jordan is a friend of the United States , and friends look out for one another .
I understand your country and your people have important interests at stake in the Middle East ; your country has important interests at stake when it comes to a Palestinian - Israeli peace agreement ; you 've got important interests in the emergence of a new Iraq .
I assure you my government views Jordan 's security and prosperity and territorial integrity as vital .
We will oppose any developments in the region that might endanger your interests .
I look forward to working closely with you to achieve peace and freedom .
We 'll work with you to assist you in your historic efforts to lead Jordan to greater peace and freedom and prosperity .
Welcome .
HIS MAJESTY KING ABDULLAH : Mr. President , thank you for this opportunity to meet with you today and discuss vital issues of mutual interest to both our countries .
I remain very concerned about the critical phase our region is passing through .
It is very important for the moderate voices seeking peace in our region to prevail , so that we can break out of the cycle of violence which has held us back for too long , and put the region on the new path to stability and prosperity .
I 'd like to outline the Jordanian position on the peace process , particularly the view of recent developments .
We feel that any unilateral Israeli withdrawal from Gaza and the West Bank should be part of the road map , and should lead to the achievement of your vision of a two - state solution .
Let me stress that a viable , sovereign , and independent Palestinian state on the basis of the 1967 borders is also in Jordan 's national interest .
Failing to achieve such an outcome would invoke other options , all of which will endanger my country 's interests and that of the region .
This is one of the reasons why Jordan insists on a two - state solution , and why it supports the road map as the mechanism to get there .
Jordan remains committed to a final and comprehensive permanent status agreement based on the foundations of the Madrid Conference , the principles of land for peace , U.N. Security Council Resolutions 242 , 338 , and 1397 -- agreements reached by the parties and the Arab initiative endorsed by the Beirut Arab League Summit .
Jordan also believes all final status issues , including borders , refugees , Jerusalem , and settlements , should be a matter for the parties to decide .
I am encouraged by what I 've heard from you today , sir , that these issues are not to be prejudiced , and should be mutually agreed by the parties .
In the context of the road map , I want to assure you , Mr. President , that Jordan is ready to do its part in assisting the Palestinian Authority to rebuild its capability and assume full control of the security situation .
Jordan stands shoulder - to - shoulder with the United States and the international community in our common fight against terrorism .
We cannot allow the terrorists ' political agenda to succeed .
And we assure you that Jordan will continue to do its utmost to help win this cause .
Jordan is committed to support Iraqis in their quest to regain their sovereignty , rebuild their institutions , and establish a society based on freedom and democracy .
The stability , unity , and territorial integrity of Iraq is an objective we both share , and we are determined to achieve it .
Jordan is also committed to a process of political and economic reform in the region .
We have adopted a far - reaching plan that addresses the key areas of good governance , political freedoms , women 's rights , judicial reform , economic reform , educational reform , and the liberalization of the economy .
We also are strongly committed to a key role by civil society .
Our aim is to move towards a system that respects diversity and guarantees pluralism at all times , so that democracy is not used by any who might opt to subject to it once , and then deny it to others .
Mr. President , the leadership of the United States is crucial in all our efforts to reach a just and lasting peace of the Middle East .
I want to thank you again for the opportunity , and I am determined to work with you to achieve this goal in a timely manner .
PRESIDENT BUSH : Thank you , Your Majesty .
We 'll take a couple of questions apiece per side .
Scott .
Q Thank you , Mr. President .
Senator Harkins said today that for the good of the country , the safety of our troops , our image around the globe , Secretary Rumsfeld should resign .
If he does n't resign , the President should fire him .
We know you were n't happy with him yesterday .
Should he keep his job ?
And for Your Majesty , how much damage did these images do in your country ?
PRESIDENT BUSH : Secretary Rumsfeld is a really good Secretary of Defense .
Secretary Rumsfeld has served our nation well .
Secretary Rumsfeld has been the Secretary during two wars .
And he is -- he 's an important part of my Cabinet , and he 'll stay in my Cabinet .
HIS MAJESTY KING ABDULLAH :
Thank you .
Mr. President , I think -- the reaction in Jordan , as well as the reaction here in the United States was the same .
I think we 're all horrified by the images .
But as has been clearly explained here in Washington , that an immediate investigation has been asked for to bring the people who perpetrated these heinous crimes to justice .
And we hope that that will happen very quickly , and that it does n't reflect on the morals , the values that the United States stands for .
I am quite convinced that once the investigation is underway , those that were guilty of these crimes will be brought to justice .
Q Your Majesty , are you optimistic in regard to the movement of the road map ?
And for you , President , in light of your discussion today with His Majesty , do you see U.S. involving itself soon in the actual implementation of the road map ?
HIS MAJESTY KING ABDULLAH :
Well , I am very encouraged by what I 've always seen as a dedicated position from the President of the United States .
He was the first President to articulate a viable , independent Palestinian state , and created a mechanism , the road map , to be able to achieve that .
Our meetings today reaffirmed the American position as it always has been , and I think that definitely we are reassured in Jordan and we hope that the President 's statements will reassure everybody else in the Middle East .
PRESIDENT BUSH : Yes , we support the road map .
As a matter of fact , the Secretary of State was recently meeting with the Quartet , which is an integral part of the road map .
Here 's what I believe has to happen .
The world must recognize the possibility of a Palestinian state .
I mean , the development of a Palestinian state is -- that 's free and democratic -- and by the way , democracy does n't have to look like America or Europe , it 's got to be attuned to the cultures and to the Palestinian people .
It 's what they want .
But nevertheless , development of a state that 's free and peaceful will change the dynamic of the Middle East .
I mean , the Palestinians are people who need hope -- hope for a better life , hope to be able to make a living , hope to raise their families in a peaceful situation .
That 's what they want .
And the best opportunity for that to happen is for there to be a state that emerges that provides the framework for a peaceful coexistence in the Middle East .
And that requires not only the United States being involved , and the European to be involved , and Russia and the United Nations to be involved , it requires that reform - minded Palestinians step up and work with the world to develop the institutions necessary for a state to evolve .
That 's what has to happen .
That 's road map .
In other words , that 's how you head down the road to peace .
And as a peaceful Palestinian state grows , one that earns the confidence of not only His Majesty , or the United States , or other countries in the world , the final status issues become easier to solve .
And so what we must do now is take advantage of an opportunity to begin the process of the development of a Palestinian state .
And that 's where the world must focus .
And I believe we can achieve that .
And I believe that by achieving it , it will be a very hopeful moment for people .
And it 's possible ; it just takes vision and will .
Steve .
Q Mr. President , if this problem at the prisons was first noticed late last year , why has it taken this long for actions to be taken ?
And what did you tell Secretary Rumsfeld yesterday ?
PRESIDENT BUSH : I tell him I should have known about the pictures and the report .
And as I understand it , the -- General Kimmitt declared to the press corps , in Iraq I believe it was , that there was an ongoing investigation .
In other words , he made it clear .
The Army said , we 've discovered something , we 've discovered an issue , and , therefore , we 're now going to investigate it .
It was a declaration to -- to the world that there was an issue , and then there is a process .
But part of what this ongoing investigation will do , will answer that question , answer your questions , so we better understand the process , the procedures , and more importantly , to make sure that it does n't happen again .
So as I told His Majesty , I said , we will -- people will be brought to justice in a way commensurate with how our system works .
We also want to make sure there 's not a larger problem .
And that 's what the Secretary has assured me will happen .
In other words , we will take a good , full look at a variety of issues to make sure it does n't happen .
The acts were abhorrent , Steve .
They sickened my stomach .
I know they sickened yours , too .
You 're a decent American .
Any decent soul does n't want a human being treated that way .
And it is -- it 's a stain on our country 's honor and our country 's reputation .
I full understand that .
And that 's why it 's important that justice be done .
But it 's also important for people -- and I explained this to His Majesty , and I think he understands this -- that the actions of the people in that prison do not reflect the nature of the men and women who wear our uniform .
We 've got brave souls in Iraq , sacrificing so that somebody can be free .
And helping that -- the Iraqi citizens be free , it helps America be more secure .
There are thousands of acts of kindness and decency taking place every day in Iraq , because our soldiers , our men and women in uniform , are honorable , decent , loving people .
And we 'll find out the truth .
We 'll take a good look at the whole system to determine -- to make sure this does n't happen again .
But I am -- I am -- I am sickened by what I saw , and sickened that somebody gets the wrong impression of people who are serving this country and this world with such dignity .
One more question .
Q Your Majesty ?
PRESIDENT BUSH : Wait , you 're not a Jordanian .
HIS MAJESTY KING ABDULLAH :
We already asked a question .
PRESIDENT BUSH : You want to call on an American ?
That 's very noble of you , Your Majesty .
( Laughter . )
Very thoughtful .
Q Mr. President , are you asking Arab nations to send troops to Iraq ?
And , Your Majesty , would you send Jordanian troops to Iraq ?
PRESIDENT BUSH : I 've never asked a nation to do that which they are n't comfortable doing .
Jordan has been a loyal friend .
They 've contributed in so many ways to peace and stability .
We did discuss Afghanistan , but we have not discussed sending troops to Iraq .
I 'll tell you , His Majesty has got good advice , though , about Iraq .
He 's in the neighborhood , he hears from people , he 's constantly aware of what 's going on on the ground , and his advice has been very good .
And part of the advice is to make sure that Sunni Iraqis have got a bright future .
In other words , people are n't going to be buying into the transfer of sovereignty if they do n't think tomorrow is going to be a better day .
And he gave me very good advice about making sure that there 's a distinction between those who are violent , those who are corrupt , those who are -- would not serve a new country well , and the thousands who will , the honorable citizens , working together to make sure Iraq emerges as a free , contiguous country .
And I told His Majesty -- I think he gets the sense from me -- we have an historic opportunity to begin to change a part of the world that needs to be changed in some areas .
And here is a chance to take what was a threat and a destabilizing force , and convert it into a force for good and reform and hope .
And I appreciate your vision and your understanding of that , Your Majesty .
HIS MAJESTY KING ABDULLAH : I think that we in Jordan are too close , as other countries to Iraq are also , to send troops .
I think it would be very difficult for Jordanians to be objective in committing troops to Iraq .
We do have a long history of U.N. peacekeeping operations all over the world , but at this stage , I think the politics of the issue does not make sense for Jordanians to send troops at this time .
PRESIDENT BUSH : Thank you , Your Majesty .
Good job .
Good job .
END 2:25 P.M. EDT
Advertisements
Glenn Beck took his anti-global warming rhetoric to a new high or low , depending on your perspective today by comparing former vice president Al Gore ’s congressional testimony on the importance of cap and trade legislation to the lies of Adolph Hitler , Joseph Goebbels , and the Nazis .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters
Beck is referring to Al Gore ’s testimony before the House Energy and Environment Subcommittee .
Advertisements
“ Here is what Gore said , I believe we have arrived at such a moment .
Our country is at risk on three fronts .
The economic crisis is clear .
Our national security remains at risk so long as we remain dangerously dependent on flows of foreign oil from reserves owned by sovereign states that are vulnerable to disruption .
The rate of new discoveries , as you know , is falling even as demand elsewhere in the world is rising .
Most importantly , of course , we are — along with the rest of humanity — facing the dire and growing threat of the climate crisis . ”
Here is the statement that Beck had such a problem with , “ It is at the very heart of those threats that this Committee and this Congress must direct its focus .
I am here today to lend my support to one of the most important pieces of legislation ever introduced in the Congress .
I believe this legislation has the moral significance equivalent to that of the civil rights legislation of the 1960 ’s and the Marshall Plan of the late 1940’s . ”
Beck falsely claimed that Gore compared cap and trade to the Marshall Plan and the civil rights movement .
What they did n’t bother to tell his listeners is that Gore said that this was the moral significance equivalent .
to the Marshall Plan and civil rights
This is a textbook example talk radio ’s ability to distort facts .
Beck claimed that fewer people believe Al Gore .
Once again , this is not true .
Depending on the poll 82 % - 85 % of those surveyed believe that global warming is real .
This has not changed .
In case you did n’t notice , Glenn Beck has a Nazi fetish .
He compares everyone and everything that he feels threatened by to either fascists or Nazis .
He uses the two terms interchangeably .
Sorry , but I do n’t see Al Gore as a totalitarian figure .
He may be a policy wonk , and a climate change zealot , but I do n’t view him as a threatening figure .
For as long as there has been a conservative movement , it has been at war with science , and almost always science wins .
April 22 , 2009
Millions of people looked forward to Barack Obama 's presidency with a sense of pride and hope .
But Obama 's first 100 days have raised critical questions about the limits of what we can expect from a Democrat in the White House -- and what it will take to get the change we want .
FORMER HOUSE Speaker Newt Gingrich , along with former House Majority Leader Dick Armey and other architects of the " Republican Revolution " of the 1990s , now hope to resuscitate their careers through bold opposition to all things Obama .
On April 15 , they aimed to ignite a tax revolt by organizing angry mobs for teabag protests around the country .
But only their colleagues at Fox News seemed convinced that these staged events represented a sea change in popular opinion .
These Republican has - beens have grossly underestimated the degree of class anger toward the wealthy elites whose interests they so proudly represent .
As Huffington Post blogger Paul Abrams noted recently , Armey " complained on Meet the Press that too many lower income wage - earners were taken off the tax rolls , and that they ought to be paying higher taxes .
He went on to say , and to gesture with his hands so it was clear what he meant , that that would enable us to lower taxes on the top bracket . "
The hysterical right described above continues to insist that Obama has imposed socialism on an unwilling American majority .
Yet Obama remains a very popular president , with approval ratings still consistently in the 60 percent range .
Indeed , Republican hostility toward the Obama administration has , if anything , only exaggerated his accomplishments .
To be sure , Obama has finally broken the chokehold that the Christian Right held on Washington for the last three decades .
He ended the global " gag rule " signed into law by Bush that banned U.S. funds to any family planning agency around the world that allowed abortion to be mentioned as an option in the case of an unwanted pregnancy .
He has restored federal funding for stem - cell research .
But such changes in policy are actually a matter of political expediency in today 's liberal climate .
Obama is following , not leading , majority opinion in the U.S .
The pendulum has been swinging leftward since the Democrats swept Congress in November 2006 .
The Republican Party 's current internal crisis is the result of its own unwillingness to end its fealty to its Christian Right voting base when majority sentiment has turned decisively away from its hate - based politics .
A few far - sighted Republicans have also drawn this conclusion .
John McCain 's top campaign adviser , Steve Schmidt , recently acknowledged that the Republican Party 's religious stands are " off - putting to many people " -- as he urged the party to end its opposition to same - sex marriage .
In an address to the Log Cabin Republicans , the party 's gay organization , Schmidt argued , " It seems to me that denying two consenting adults of the same sex the right to form a lawful union that is protected and respected by the state denies them two of the most basic natural rights affirmed in the preamble of our Declaration of Independence -- liberty and the pursuit of happiness . "
BUT ANY honest assessment of Obama 's first 100 days in office must acknowledge that his administration has fallen far short of his campaign promises .
Populist rhetoric aside , Obama 's response to the banking crisis has differed little from Bush 's before him .
The Feds are still throwing hundreds of billions of dollars at the same Wall Street banks that caused the housing crisis , while millions of working - class Americans continue to lose their homes to foreclosure .
And the bailout has failed to achieve even its stated purpose of easing the credit crunch by encouraging banks to start lending again .
The biggest banking recipients of taxpayer money lent 23 percent less in February than last October , when the bailout began , according to the Wall Street Journal .
Foreclosures rose 17 percent just between February and March .
Featured at Socialism Hear Sharon Smith at Socialism 2009 in Chicago and San Francisco , speaking on " The Role of Radicals in the Working - Class Struggle " and " The Return of Socialism . "
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
Yet Obama warned recently , " There will be more job loss , more foreclosures and more pain " in store for working - class people , as if he could do nothing to prevent it .
On the contrary , if the president can dedicate hundreds of billions to bank bailouts , he certainly has the power to offer real help to the unemployed and those losing their homes -- increasingly due to job loss .
And despite Obama 's much - ballyhooed handshake last week with Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez ( who Gingrich , on his morning talk show rounds , bolstered as " the enem[y ] of America " ) , Obama 's foreign policy changes amount to more form than substance .
Shutting down Guantánamo
Bay is a welcome blow against torture , but continuing renditions to countries that allow torture is a continuation of Bush 's policies .
Cuba is another example that has made the news recently .
Obama enacted a couple of very timid reforms a couple of weeks ago , relaxing restrictions on Cuban - Americans ' travel to Cuba and on their ability to send remittances to their families -- which were predictably greeted with outrage by Republicans .
But this move can hardly be described as a bold action in improving relations between the U.S. and Cuba .
Although Obama pledged to end the embargo against Cuba back in 2004 while running for the U.S. Senate , as president , he has reversed himself on this key issue , arguing that continuing the embargo allows the U.S. more leverage to pressure the Cuban government to make democratic reforms .
ORDINARILY , THE first 100 days of a presidency establishes its political character .
But these are not ordinary times .
The scale of the economic crisis today has not been matched since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
As such , Obama now finds himself , as Franklin Delano Roosevelt did then , at the helm of a thoroughly corrupted capitalist system .
Contrary to the popular mythology about Roosevelt 's New Deal , he did not take office with the intention of implementing widespread working - class reforms , but rather of salvaging the capitalist system .
His first legislative accomplishment was the Emergency Banking Act aimed at rescuing the financial system .
His second was the opposite of a stimulus plan , a bill cutting government workers ' salaries by 15 percent , while slashing veterans ' benefits .
His third legislative accomplishment was the Volstead Act , allowing the sale of beer and wine , which had been banned by Prohibition .
Even the National Industrial Recovery Act ( NIRA ) , while establishing minimum pay and maximum work hours , also offered a very large carrot for big business -- giving corporations the authority to make agreements controlling prices and output , defying established anti-trust laws .
The NIRA 's infamous Clause 7a authorizing collective bargaining was interpreted both as a green light for company unions by employers , and also for labor unions by workers .
The outcome was determined only after an upheaval of class struggle in the years that followed .
Roosevelt did not sign the signature legislation of the New Deal until 1935 , when he was seeking re-election -- and only then , after a massive rise in working - class struggle .
Roosevelt granted Social Security and the Wagner Act , at last guaranteeing workers the right to choose their own collective bargaining agent , to motivate working - class voters in 1935 , when he was getting ready to run for re-election .
He won by a landslide .
But Obama 's first 100 days have paralleled the early days of Roosevelt 's administration .
Both took office with the intention of balancing the interests of labor and capital , and both succeeded in the short term .
But the interests of these two contending classes are diametrically opposed , and as the crisis continues , class struggle holds the potential to dramatically shift the direction of the Obama administration .
A significant rise in struggle can easily bypass the political parameters of Obama 's present policies .
Already , we have seen a glimpse of this possibility in the battle for same - sex marriage -- which Obama opposes .
The spontaneous protests after the passage of California 's Prop 8 quickly spread across the country .
Since that time , popular sentiment has become much more supportive of gay marriage in the face of a series of legal victories in California , Iowa and Vermont .
It is no longer a matter of whether , but only when , same - sex marriage is a legal right .
That will be the first victory for our side in the battles that lie ahead .
The World Health Organisation warned today that swine flu can no longer be contained as the virus spread to Asia and the Middle East , with the first cases confirmed in New Zealand and Israel .
As Britain advised holidaymakers not to travel to Mexico , WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl said the world was now at a " turning period " where it would become clear whether the virus was capable of sustained movement between humans on a large scale , bringing the likelihood of a pandemic a step closer .
So far community transmission had been seen in Mexico and the US , he said .
Hartl said it was not clear whether the British couple confirmed to have the virus , Iain and Dawn Askham , had both been infected in Mexico or whether one had infected the other .
Some flights to Mexico from the UK were cancelled this morning and arrangements were being put in place to bring British holidaymakers home after the Foreign Office advised against all but essential travel to the country .
All Thomson and First Choice flights to Mexico from Manchester this week have been grounded until restrictions are lifted .
The 11 cases in New Zealand , among students and teachers from a single school who reported fevers and other flu symptoms upon return from a visit to Mexico , are the first in the Asia - Pacific region .
A 26 - year - old patient in Netanya , a coastal city north of Tel Aviv in Israel , was infected but was said to have recovered fully .
Passengers due to fly to Mexico with Thomson this morning said they had been offered their money back or an alternative holiday .
The company said it was making arrangements to get customers home from Mexico , with repatriation flights starting today .
The Foreign Office advised British citizens living in Mexico to " consider whether they should remain " .
The Mexican government has closed schools across the country .
Spain confirmed a second case of a patient with swine flu today and South Korea said a woman there had tested positive for swine flu , making her a " probable " case .
The prime minister , Gordon Brown , who will join a meeting of the government 's Cobra emergency committee chaired by health secretary Alan Johnson today , said he would take " all urgent action necessary " to try to halt the virus .
Brown said he understood the " very real concern " of Britons but added that the UK was among the best prepared countries in the world .
Last night , the WHO 's emergency committee raised the pandemic threat level to phase four out of a possible six , after the death toll in Mexico rose to 152 , with nearly 2,000 people believed to be infected , the number of cases in the US doubled and the first infections were confirmed in Britain .
Phase four means that the crisis had taken a significant step towards pandemic , but does not mean one was inevitable .
Nonetheless , the WHO said , the virus had spread so far that containment was " not a feasible operation " and the international response should be to try to limit its transmission and treat those affected .
The Scottish couple suffering from swine flu , from Polmont , near Falkirk had been in Mexico on honeymoon in Cancún .
About 22 friends , family and colleagues who had close contact with them were being observed and had been given antiviral drugs .
Seven of these were showing " mild symptoms " of the illness .
The group being monitored reportedly includes a five - year - old child .
Last night , the Scottish health secretary , Nicola Sturgeon , said the couple were recovering well at Monklands hospital in Airdrie , Lanarkshire .
Medics at Manchester airport treated a passenger arriving from Mexico this morning who had complained of feeling unwell on the flight , the Health Protection Agency said .
She has been sent home and has been tested for swine flu .
The first confirmed case in Europe came yesterday in Spain , where 26 other cases are suspected .
There are four suspected cases in the Irish Republic .
In an indication of the seriousness with which the threat is being taken in the UK , the Guardian has learned that if the situation deteriorates , Johnson is considering warning the entire population to set up a support network of friends and relatives , so they can be quickly quarantined at home if they are thought to have symptoms .
The friends would then collect medicine on their behalf .
He abandoned plans to give this advice as one of his four key messages yesterday in a Commons statement .
He told MPs it was too early to say if there was a pandemic , but the UK had been preparing for one for five years and had a stock of 33 m anti-flu drugs .
He said it was important to note that outside Mexico all those who had shown symptoms of swine flu had recovered .
Mexico's health secretary , José Ángel Córdova , said he expected more people to die .
Nearly 2,000 people had been treated in hospital for suspected infection , he said .
Half of them had been released .
Córdova admitted that the health authorities lacked the staff to check on all suspected cases .
Some foreign health officials fear such difficulties may be contributing to the disease 's spread .
In New York , the number of confirmed cases among students at a school rose to 28 , with more than 100 suspected .
That brought the number of confirmed cases in the US to 42 in five states , twice as many as reported at the weekend .
Peru and Guatemala reported the first suspected infections in other parts of Latin America , where health officials fear swine flu has already spread but so far gone undetected .
Gauging the spread : WHO viral infection phases
Phase one :
No animal viruses circulating are causing infections in humans .
Phase two :
An animal flu virus is known to have caused human infection and is considered a potential pandemic threat .
Phase three : Limited human - to - human transmission may occur .
This does not indicate the virus has gained transmissibility that would cause a pandemic .
Phase four : Human - to - human transmission able to cause " community - level outbreaks " .
Significant increase in pandemic risk but it is not a foregone conclusion .
Phase five : Human - to - human spread of the virus into at least two countries in one WHO region .
A strong signal that pandemic is imminent .
Phase six : Pandemic phase , characterised by community level outbreaks in at least one other country in a different WHO region along with phase five .
May 16 , 2008 4:00 PM |
[ '@ Play ' is a kinda - sorta bi-weekly column by John Harris which discusses the history , present and future of the Roguelike dungeon exploring genre . ]
As you may have figured out by now , roguelikes are one of my favorite types of computer games .
It 's not that I hate other kinds of games , or even other RPGs .
But roguelikes , good ones at least , provide essential gaming nutrients unavailable nearly anywhere else .
They 're games of skill instead of patience , which is rare for CRPGs .
They are difficult but , once one knows how to play , often fair .
And they and are set in a world of wonder and amazement balanced by great danger .
The possibilities there seem endless .
You could play Rogue a hundred times and not experience two games that are similar to each other .
You could play Nethack or ADOM for years and still encounter a new aspect of the game from time to time .
Dungeon Crawl is more than just a game : it is dozens of games , each class and race playing surprisingly differently from the others .
Just being a roguelike does n't make a game good , of course , but the best are among the greatest games ever made .
I believe that , someday , eventually , the tide will turn in the public perception of roguelike games , or at least the core ideas that drive them .
This is not due to any magical quality bestowed by turn - based movement or grid - based game worlds , which are a superficial determination of roguelikeness but does n't get to what makes them interesting .
No , one plays a roguelike to explore an unknown world , relying on uncertain resources , figuring the rules out along the way , and learning the underlying logic of the game .
And of course , when people start talking about procedural content generation , they are unknowingly calling upon the ancient monster - deities of the Dungeons of Doom .
But these ideas did not originate with roguelikes .
It must be remembered that approximately half of what makes roguelikes interesting as computer games was invented years before , in a pen-and - paper game created back when teletype machines roamed the earth .
That roguelike feeling
The soul of the roguelike , as I 've mentioned before , was born in Dungeons & Dragons .
But not a version one could recognize from reading any of the recent editions , 4e , 3.5 or 3rd .
Neither can they be seen in 2nd edition AD&D , which is largely where it was abandoned .
But it did n't originate from 1st edition either , or the " classic " books edited by Holmes , Moldvay or Cook .
To find their source , whence sprung the ideas in their purest form , one must go back to Original Dungeons & Dragons , a game that the Internets are now calling " OD&D . "
It is a style of game that , in the aftermath of the death of Gary Gygax but before then too , has become reexamined in recent months on sites throughout the internet .
Tried , and found to be awesome .
Given that many of its players are still alive , it is somewhat shocking just how much about it must be rediscovered .
It is sometimes forgotten that that game , originally , had a strong , explicit setting , one that will seem familiar to any roguelike player .
The word " Dungeon " in the title of the game refers to what is now termed a megadungeon .
It is not just the place where the orcs terrorizing town are hiding out , or where the drow base their assaults on the surface world , or where the mind flayers sit and brood .
It is where all these things happen , but is much more than any of those things .
It is a huge space , stretching far down into the earth , its depths unplumbed , its age and origin beyond mortal knowledge .
It is an archetypal setting , a meta - place .
It is a world , as in underworld , to itself .
While it makes more internal sense than those thrown - together roguelike worlds , still , its reasons for being are not really logical ones .
Why does that dragon guard the pile of gold ?
Where do all these coins and magic items come from ?
Why was all the bad magic stuff made ; did anyone really think a sword - 1 , cursed would be useful enough to craft ?
The game provided answers , of a sort , to these questions .
Respectively : dragons like treasure ; deceased adventurers ; and they were made by insane , prankster wizards .
Seriously , prankster wizards .
With respect to the memory of Gary Gygax , these are not good reasons .
For D&D 's origins , they did n't have to be .
This is because Dungeons & Dragons grew out of an earlier game Gygax worked on called Chainmail , a form of miniatures wargame concerning itself with medieval combat .
Now , wargames are not quite games in the same sense as Monopoly or Bridge .
The ethic here is , paradoxically , not to win at all costs .
It is to enact pretend battles , and bring to them enough statistical rigor so that the participants can see the outcome as definitive .
The goal of a wargame is to play the game itself , and see which side should win .
The fun is had in the playing and fighting more than success , and certainly not to gain power and see one 's self as some variation on the theme of badass .
There are enough things that can instantly kill any old - school D&D character , regardless of level , that the term " healthy paranoia " takes on a special aptness .
Characters die often , but are quick to roll up and largely interchangable , which is good , because the more work you put into making one the worse you 'll feel when he kicks the bucket .
Need I even remind you of the similarities here to a certain familiar type of computer game ?
One might take this , also , to explain why roguelikes do n't have stories to speak of .
OD&D characters usually adventured without a motivation more complex than amassing treasure .
But this is n't really true of either game ; narrative , after all , is inescapable .
The things that happen to the character may be random strings of events , without reason , but human beings tend to perceive these strings as narrative .
" Storytelling " in roguelikes
Important events that make the game easier or harder get remembered and the rest of the game is viewed in their light .
Finding a two - handed sword makes all monsters easier to kill .
Finding a ring of slow digestion means hunger becomes much less of a problem , while wearing a ring of regeneration makes death from wounds less dangerous but starvation much more likely .
A character might find an amulet vs. poison , then ironically die to poison despite it .
It might be coincidence that strings these things together , but if there 's enough random stuff going on , coincidences tend to happen .
The result of these things is that it 's typically much more interesting to hear either an OD&D or a roguelike player talk about a favorite adventure than a player of more recent D&D , or those of modern CRPGs .
The stories that fantasy writers come up with do not usually compare with the experiences of a sufficiently deep roguelike .
There can be no goth - posing in a world where the monsters have so much over the players .
No one is trying to tell a story during an OD&D game , and thus , the stories that do come have no affectation .
Do n't believe me ?
Do n't take my word for it .
Check out the Shiren threads at NeoGAF and Gamespite .
Dip into the archives of rec.games.roguelike.nethack and rec.games.roguelike.adom , searching those groups for the term " YASD " .
People have more fun dying in roguelike games than most folk have winning " traditional " CRPGs .
This is the same reason people obsess over The Sims , really .
Human minds search for patterns in series of random events , recognizing them as narratives , and in attempting to explain them subconsciously attribute thought processes to the actors .
This is the root of superstition , some would say of religion too , and it's why roguelikes do n't lack for stories .
What they lack are pre-written stories .
[ Image from The Acaeum . ]
A new study by the RAND corporation has attempted to put the focus on ' movie piracy ' squarely on the shoulders of terrorist groups and criminal gangs .
The report , which claims to have been ' peer reviewed ' , seems to show that no matter which gang , thug , or terrorist – they all pirate movies .
On reading the report ’s summary , there is a strong wave of deja-vu .
It hardly seems like 4 years have passed similar claims put out by a UK industry group were debunked .
Worse still , the same old tricks are being used again to cloud the issue .
The only difference is that instead of just concentrating on the situation in UK and Ireland , they ’ve now gone global .
The MPAA funded report report titled ‘ Film Piracy , Organized Crime , and Terrorism ’ claims that terrorist groups use film piracy to finance their activities , while organized gangs see it as a significant revenue stream .
Selling pirated goods is a ‘ low - risk , high - profit enterprise ’ which attracts criminals of all sorts according to the report .
And , as if that is not bad enough , in some areas the influence of these pirating gangs extends into law enforcement and political leaders , who are bought , intimidated , or induced to create “ protected spaces ” where crime flourishes .
Something that jumped out during the first glance at the report is the blurring of terms .
On page 3 of the report , one of the reasons things can , and are , overstated is explained as a footnote .
“ The terms “ piracy ” and “ counterfeiting ” are used interchangeably in this report , although they can mean different things . ”
Unfortunately for the study , they do mean VERY different things .
‘ Piracy ’ in this context tends to refer mostly to digitally representable items , while counterfeit goods can run the gamut from aircraft parts , to cigarettes .
In France , you ca n’t sell certain brands of handbag on eBay easily , because they might be counterfeit .
Fake aircraft parts ( which do n’t meet specs ) are a major problem for the airline industry ( also counterfeiting ) and fake cigarettes are a commonly seized item at international borders .
If you want another example , just look no further than your spam folder – count the number of Viagra , and other medications you are offered – all counterfeit .
It only goes downhill from there .
Early in the report , it moves on to talk about definitions of organized crime , including some that are so loose it ’s hard to see anything except a lone person ’s opportunistic crime as being ‘ organized ’ .
In fact , by the definitions given , the RIAA may be an organised crime gang , or the UMP party in France , making 3 - strike Sarkozy , the head of a crime syndicate .
Digression aside , the case studies that underpin these findings also fail to pass scrutiny .
The very first one mentions a seizure of 9400 discs in a shipment .
Using a standard weight of a DVD ( 60g , with box ) , it comes to about half a ton , and assuming each disc can be sold for $ 10 ( a high price ) that ’s only $ 94,000 .
A kilo of cocaine has a higher street value ( about $ 160,000 right now , according to Cleveland Police ) , and is much easier to transport .
In addition , drugs do n’t tend to suffer from the ‘ do it yourself ’ aspect that gives sites like the Pirate Bay and Mininova such heavy traffic .
No value is ever given for the ‘ profit ’ made either , only ..
The combined proceeds from CD / DVD piracy and drug sales were estimated , for the purpose of assigning asset forfeiture , at $ 3 million .
Throughout many of the case studies listed , there is little hard evidence to actually link crimes .
One cites packages arriving at a location containing copied DVDs , and when the police arrived , several men with false papers attempted to run .
This leads the author to the assumption of using immigrants to work a copying operation , despite the only evidence mentioned being a single person trafficked .
If movies are the easy , safe and profitable way , as the report suggests , then someone ’s not telling these gangs .
A little chart is even produced , which lists gangs worldwide and the work they ’re involved in .
There are no prizes for guessing that they all apparently participate in DVD copying , but more surprisingly , its the only activity they all share .
The true purpose of the report is of course to force authorities worldwide to do something about piracy , or criminal gangs and terrorist groups will take over .
We have no doubt that the MPAA will cite this study in nearly every press release they issue from now on , and bring it onto the political agenda .
Here are a few recommendations the report gives .
* Piracy should be made a priority offense within anti-gang strategies .
* Laws should be enacted to grant investigators greater authority to sustain investigations , conduct surveillance , and obtain search warrants .
* Key piracy cases should be fought in the organized - crime or money - laundering divisions of prosecutors ’ offices .
* Governments should share intelligence with industry - led anti-piracy efforts .
It is likely that the MPAA will use these findings to get tougher anti-piracy laws .
This would n’t really be a problem if it would only affect commercial piracy .
However , as a side - effect people might have to prove that the music on their iPod is legit when they go through customs , and at home their ISP might be looking into their download behavior .
Unsurprisingly , a large percentage of sources given in footnotes , happen to be the very groups that have funded the story , the MPA( A ) and FACT , which should seriously dent the credibility of the report .
However , it is to be expected that this report will be given the same credibility as other MPAA - financed studies , despite their dubiousness .
As a result , expect more laws to tackle this ‘ threat ’ , which will only ever be used against everyday citizens , and that ’s just how the likes of the MPAA like it .
Christian Healing Ministries is a Christ - centered , ecumenical , and non-profit organization that is dedicated to the practice and teaching of healing prayer .
Our website offers a variety of information and resources including : prayer ministry opportunities , training and events information / calendar , on - line bookstore , relevant articles , and much more .
CHM ’s vision :
To make Christian Healing Prayer a way of life in families , churches and medical professions .
Colorado Gov. Bill Ritter on Thursday signed into law House Bill 1260 , a measure that allows gay and lesbian couples and other unmarried adults to establish sweeping legal rights for each other — including inheritance , the ability to make medical decisions and hospital visitation rights .
Groups representing gays and lesbians , senior citizens and low - income residents cheered the governor ’s support for the Designated Beneficiary Agreement Act , which goes into effect July 1 .
“ We are excited that this new , low cost , and convenient estate planning tool will become a reality for all Coloradans , ” said Equal Rights Colorado spokeswoman Mindy Barton in a statement .
“ These issues are a matter of self - determination and we are glad that the Colorado State Legislature and Governor Ritter have recognized these essential rights . ”
The law , sponsored by two of the state Legislature ’s only openly gay members , Sen. Jennifer Veiga and Rep. Mark Ferrandino , both Denver Democrats , allows any two unmarried adults to designate each other as beneficiaries by filing a form with a county clerk .
The form bypasses a patchwork of contracts , wills and powers of attorney they would otherwise have to execute with a lawyer ’s help .
The law also adds several rights — such as the ability to file a wrongful death lawsuit on a partner ’s behalf — which could n’t previously be granted contractually under Colorado law .
“ Today is a good day for Colorado and all Coloradans , ” Ferrandino said in a statement .
He called the law “ a good step towards providing equal treatment under the law for all of Colorado ’s families . ”
The bill , which passed the Legislature with only a smattering of Republican support , drew criticism as an attempt to establish “ marriage light ” from Sen.
Kevin Lundberg when it appeared before a Senate committee .
The Larimer County Republican blasted the bill as an end - run around voters , who defeated a ballot initiative to establish civil unions for gay and lesbian couples in 2006 .
The Colorado Senior Lobby disagreed with Lundberg ’s characterization of the proposal and praised the governor Thursday for signing the bill .
“ This will help ensure that senior citizens who have worked a lifetime to earn benefits can keep them while designating someone to look after their affairs if they are in a medical crisis or at the end of their life , ” Senior Lobby spokesman Mike Drake said in a statement .
While the law fails to establish all the rights that would have been available to gays and lesbians under civil unions , it does grant many that bring same - sex couples closer to legal recognition .
“ This is an important step toward equality , and it will provide lesbian and gay couples in Colorado , and their families , with important , tangible protections that are needed right now , ” Joe Solmonese , president of the national gay civil rights advocacy group Human Rights Campaign , said in a statement .
The specific rights spelled out in the legislation include :
I can not review an item I have not yet received .
" There are some who say that Republicanism is the wave of the future .
Let them come to Austin .
And there are some who say in Congress and elsewhere we can work with the Republicans .
Let them come to Austin .
And there are even a few who say that it is true that Republicanism is an evil system , but it permits us to make economic progress .
Let them come to Austin !
" Mr. Perry , TEAR DOWN THIS WALL !! "
UPDATE : First - speaking of tea - bagging - this diary was written with tongue in cheek , as befits a subject as dire as this .
To any who might have missed this important fact , I apologize for my lack of clarity .
Second , I love Texas .
Some of my best friends are Texans ; many of them are a credit to their state .
Anyone who wants to talk smack about Texas without the aforementioned tongue planted firmly in the aforementioned cheek can kiss the cheeks of my previously unmentioned behind .
Third :
How dare I poke fun at certain Texas politicians ?
Simple : I 'm from California , a state whose political figures often have a lot to be modest about .
Take my state government - please .
Finally , as ever , thanks for reading !
Have a nice day , y'all !
BE prepared for further juvenile displays of rage by the Magic Carpet Brigade over a plan by the Danish Free Press Society to sell 1,000 signed copies of Kurt Westergaard ’s iconic Mo-bomb cartoon .
I would never myself depict any religious figure , including the Prophet Mohammed , in a way that could hurt other people ’s feelings .
I respect Islam as one of the world ’s major religions .
“ The image won Kurt Westergaard international fame , but it has also forced him to live under constant police protection ” , the Society says on its website .
Westergaard is the Society ’s President .
Despite threats and concrete murder plots planned by Islamists against the cartoonist , he has never expressed any regret and never apologised for exercising freedom of expression .
Two Tunisians were arrested in Denmark last year on suspicion of planning to murder Westergaard , but later released without trial after they appealed a government order for their expulsion on national security grounds .
The Huffington Post reports that Westergaard enjoys the backing of free speech and free press advocates around the globe in this regard .
A notable example of one such advocate , just this week , is NATO Secretary General and Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen , who defended the drawings in 2006 and who forewent any diplomatic gesture or apology in Turkey at the Alliance of Civilizations meeting , despite earlier reports that said an apology was forthcoming .
During a panel discussion at Ã‡Ä±raÄŸan Palace in Istanbul , Rasmussen said :
He added :
My position is clear before , during and after the crisis .
I condemn action that aims to demonize people on their religious or ethnic background .
That said , Rasmussen also asserted that :
Nicholas Felton
The performance of the economy , it has long been believed , is the key determinant of voting behavior in the midterm elections .
For example , the recession of 1982 , and a corresponding double - digit unemployment rate , is usually blamed for the twenty - six - seat loss that Ronald Reagan 's Republicans sustained in the House that year .
Or take 1946 , when the economy contracted severely while reorienting itself after World War II and Harry Truman 's Democrats lost fifty - four House seats .
Dwight Eisenhower 's Republicans faced reelection in a recessionary environment in 1958 and lost forty - eight seats ; Gerald Ford's , also facing a recession ( as well as the stain of Watergate ) , lost the same number in 1974 .
Recent elections , however , have done much to challenge that premise .
Bill Clinton helped to create millions of new jobs and pull the economy out of recession , and yet in 1994 , his party suffered a catastrophic defeat at the midterms , losing a net of fifty - four representatives and eight senators .
George W. Bush , on the other hand , gained eight House seats in 2002 in spite of an economy that had just escaped from a recession and was still shedding jobs .
There are some earlier contradictions , too , when one examines the record more carefully .
The economy was extremely strong in 1966 , growing at a 6.5 percent clip that year , but Lyndon Johnson could n't stave off the loss of forty - seven Democratic seats in the House .
On the other hand , George H. W. Bush 's Republicans lost just eight seats for the party in 1990 in spite of an economy still in the midst of a recession .
Of course , there are alternate explanations in many of those cases : George W. Bush 's popularity honeymoon following 9/11 helped his party , while Johnson 's getting quagmired in Vietnam hurt his .
But this brings me to my larger point : Congressional elections are not all about the economy .
Rather , they 're all about the president .
The correlation between the president 's Gallup approval rating immediately prior to the midterms and his party 's performance has been very strong .
In fact , once the president 's approval rating is accounted for , knowing about the economy does n't tell anything more about how to predict the outcome of the midterms .
This may be disappointing news for the Republicans , who will face a relatively unpopular Democratic Congress and an economy that is unlikely to have fully recovered by 2010 .
But President Obama — for the time being — remains very well liked .
It will not suffice to get Americans to blame Nancy Pelosi for the economy 's problems ; they will have to blame Obama , too .
There is also a lesson here for the president :
Use your bully pulpit to its full advantage .
This , indeed , is a lesson that Obama should already have taken to heart .
When the White House handed the reins of the stimulus package over to the congressional Democrats in February , it nearly lost control of the bill , with polls showing a sudden and substantial decrease in public sentiment for the measure .
But a press conference and a couple of presidential field trips later , the stimulus regained its footing and was passed into law .
All is not lost for the Republicans , however .
While a popular president can help his party to stem its losses , his party nearly always loses at least some seats at the midterms .
Since World War II , the president 's party has lost an average of twenty - four House seats in the interim elections , gaining ground on just two of sixteen occasions .
My statistical model shows that Obama will need to sustain an approval rating in the range of 65 percent to avoid losing any ground in the House .
( The Senate , where the Democrats can take advantage of at least five Republican retirements , might be a different story . )
Why does the president 's party nearly always lose ground at the midterms ?
One common explanation is that the public has an intrinsic preference for divided government .
The problem with this theory is that if it were true , the president 's party would also tend to lose ground in the House in presidential election years .
But that is not the case .
Instead , since 1946 , incumbent presidents have seen their parties gain an average of twelve seats in the Congress in years when they sought reelection .
The answer to the riddle may be this :
While a president 's coattails can be strong at the midterms , they are not as strong as when the president himself is on the ballot .
And in fact , the bigger a president 's coattails are when he is elected , the more trouble his party tends to have two years later .
Therefore LBJ , who had cruised to election by 23 points in 1964 , saw his party shed nearly fifty seats two years later .
But George W. Bush , who had in fact lost the popular vote in 2000 , was one of the few incumbents to see his party gain ground in the subsequent election .
Many of the voters who went to the polls in 2008 did so because of Barack Obama ; almost 90 percent of those voters also happened to vote Democratic for Congress .
But many of those voters will not turn out next year without a presidential race to pique their interest .
Some of the same Democratic representatives who most benefited from Obama 's coattails in 2008 , then , are also the most vulnerable to an upset .
Their fate may depend on how much this president can personalize that election — and , of course , how much he can mobilize his powerful voter - turnout operation for them — and how well liked he can remain .
Obama 's popularity is the Democrats ' greatest asset heading into the midterm elections in 2010 — but it is also in some sense their greatest liability .
Nate Silver runs the political - prediction Web site FiveThirtyEight.com and is an analyst and writer for Baseball Prospectus .
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Nonono
There nothing in there
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Israeli Company Uses Olive Waste for Alternative Energy Source
January 7th , 2009 by Amiel Blajchman
Olive branches have traditionally been used as a symbol of peace , but as a symbol of renewable energy ?
Olivebar , a company based in Israel , is using olive press waste to create a long - term , renewable energy source .
Olivebar takes olive press waste , known in Hebrew as gefet , which is then solidified into rolls that contain 2.5 times more energy than an equivalent amount of wood .
Designed for wood - burning ovens , the residue left behind by the rolls is able to be used as fertilizer in home gardens .
“ It ’s a totally green product , all natural , without any glues or chemicals , ” according to general manager Eli Karniel .
“ Whereas once it was more economical to buy heating oil , today people are looking for all kinds of alternatives .
People went over to wood , but now governments do n’t want people to cut down forests , so they ’re turning to natural alternatives like ours . ”
As an added bonus , simply gathering the gefet is good for the environment , as the olive press waste can contaminate ground water if left on its own .
An alternative energy source for those with wood - burning stoves , Olivebar is most effective for small homes that still use , and are able to use wood - burning stoves efficiently .
Image : Olives via Flickr ’s Media Commons[ social_buttons ]
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Scientists at more than a hundred labs around the world will be gearing up this week for a competition to build the best machine .
There is only one condition .
All the parts must come from living organisms .
To the scientists involved , the competition is an exercise in extreme , not to say minuscule , DIY .
Instead of hinges and door knobs , they must use the microscopic components found inside biological cells .
Instead of screwdrivers and hammer - drills , the tools of the trade are those of the genetic engineer .
The aim of the competition , now in its sixth year , is to take the basic building blocks of life and turn them into useful technology .
Along the way , scientists hope to create the biological equivalent of a hardware store , in which strands of DNA and cellular machinery will line the shelves , ready to be pieced together by anyone with the know - how .
" Our mission has been to see if we can use biological parts to build things and operate them .
A lot of people said it 's too complex and can't be done , but every year we have systems that show it can work , " said Meagan Lizarazo , a former biologist and assistant director of the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston .
This week , the last of the teams , most of whom are students , will register for the competition .
From June , they will spend three months building their machines from components ordered from MIT 's registry , which already contains around 3,200 biological spare parts .
The parts are refered to as " biobricks " , which explains why the trophy for first prize , to be awarded in the first week of November , is a metal lego brick the size of a shoebox .
Any new parts the scientists use must be deposited in the public registry when the competition is over .
By pitting the world 's best up - and - coming scientists against one another , the competition 's organisers aim to accelerate progress in what has become a powerful and controversial field known as synthetic biology .
One leading advocate of the technology is the American scientist and entrepreneur Craig Venter , who hopes not only to make bugs that produce hydrogen for environmentally friendly vehicles , but to create new life from scratch .
Critics of the field raise concerns that scientists could make dangerous new organisms by accident , or that the knowledge could fall into the hands of terrorists , who could resurrect long - contained viruses , or fashion more deadly strains .
The competition has already produced some promising ideas .
Last year , a team led by Roland Eils at the University of Heidelberg in Germany , re-engineered Escherichia coli bacteria so that instead of swimming towards food , they homed in on substances released by dangerous pathogens .
When they get close , the bacteria turn themselves into microscopic suicide bombers by churning out a natural toxin , killing both themselves and the pathogens around them .
The team 's entry was called " E.colicense to kill . "
Since then , the team has created E. coli that hunt down cancer cells , and have used them to destroy tumours in mice .
This year , Eils says the team is considering building a machine out of parts taken from human cells for the first time .
A previous entry from scientists at Edinburgh University involved bacteria that could detect arsenic in contaminated water supplies .
In a freeze - dried form , the bacteria can be used in water testing kits for use in Bangladesh , where arsenic in water from bore holes has killed countless people .
The competition began in 2004 with only five entrants .
A year later , it went international and attracted 13 teams .
This year , more than 100 teams from all over the world have already signed up .
The teams come from all over the world , with entrants from Mumbai and Beijing , Tokyo and Melbourne , Stanford and Sheffield .
Paul Freemont , who co-founded the Institute of Systems and Synthetic Biology at Imperial College London , is heading one of Britain 's best hopes this year , but confesses his team has yet to decide what to build .
One of the ideas would involve using vats of bacteria to make clothing .
They have already shown that they can control the movement of bacteria by switching the motors that drive their whip - like tails on and off at will .
" Our team is due to meet in a few weeks ' time and they will start with a blank sheet of paper , " said Freemont .
" They 've got to brainstorm from scratch , and that makes it a really interesting way of doing research . "
Last week when Google launched Google Earth 5 , the world not only got 3D undersea terrain , and an ocean surface .
According to GEB reader Daniel P. some undersea wrecks are sitting in 3D on the sea bottom .
For example , you can see the wreck of the Titanic ( as many know , it broke into two main parts ) .
You have to turn on the “ 3D Buildings ” layer folder to see the wreck .
Also available is the wreck of the Bismark ( 48°10 ′N 16°12′W ) .
About Frank Taylor Frank Taylor started the Google Earth Blog in July , 2005 shortly after Google Earth was first released .
He has worked with 3D computer graphics and VR for many years and was very impressed with this exciting product .
Frank completed a 5.5 year circumnavigation of the earth by sailboat in June 2015 which you can read about at Tahina Expedition , and is a licensed pilot , backpacker , diver , and photographer .
It will be interesting to see the ocean floor populated with many wrecks , and maybe even roughly modeled coral reefs .
Thanks for the tip Daniel !
By the way , sorry for the low number of posts .
I ’ve just finished sailing a boat down to Miami and will be attending the boat show there this weekend .
I ’ll have intermitten connections to the Internet for the next week .
But , I hope to do some catchup posts soon .
I need to get a satellite Internet connection !
Sadly , it has grow to be a standard apply to search out malicious or poorly …
Today was the deadliest day in a year in Iraq , with two massive bombings killing at least 90 people and suggesting that far from being a handful of isolated incidents , the increase in attacks over recent weeks is a trend which threatens to return the nation to the disastrous levels of violence in recent years .
There have been 33 bombings in Baghdad alone this month , including a high profile strike today against a crowd waiting for Red Crescent food parcels being handed out by the Iraqi national police .
US military spokesman Lt. Col Brian Maka , however , tried to downplay the situation , saying “ these attacks are an attempt to incite violence , but the Iraqi people have shown that they are rejecting this bankrupt philosophy . ”
Though no group has yet taken credit for today ’s attacks , both targeted Shi’ites .
Shi’ites have taken the brunt of the attacks in recent weeks , an ominous sign as the Shi’ite - led government cautions the massive US - allied Sunni Awakening Council has been infilitrated by both Ba’athists and al - Qaeda .
As the Shi’ite death toll rises , it seems only a matter of time before their own militant factions begin to retaliate , resuming the tit - for - tat sectarian violence that killed an enormous portion of the civilian population and made refugees out of even more .
* 10 - year yields at 2.56 pct after falling most since 1987
* Fed to buy $ 300 bln in Treasuries , $ 1.75 trln total debt
* Some profit - taking in Asia , but analysts bullish
SYDNEY , March 19 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Treasury yields remained sharply lower in Asia on Thursday , having plunged by the most in 26 years the previous session , after the Federal Reserve staggered markets by announcing it would buy government debt .
Yields on the 10 - year note were down at 2.56 percent , having collapsed from 3.01 percent just before the Fed announced it would buy $ 300 billion in Treasuries over the next six months .
This would be the first time it bought government debt in size since the early 1960s and marked a major expansion into the exotic world of quantitative easing .
“ The decision sparked an enormous rally in Treasuries , ” said Rory Robertson , interest rate strategist at Macquarie .
“ The market in one fell swoop taking the yield halfway back to its generational lows near 2 percent , seen late in 2008 . ”
That in turn brought 30 - year mortgage rates down to near 5.0 percent , the lowest in generations .
Two - year yields were at 85 basis points , compared to 1.03 percent early Wednesday .
The Fed also expanded its planned purchases of agency mortgage - backed securities by $ 750 billion and of agency debt by $ 100 billion .
All combined , it will be buying $ 1.75 trillion of debt , up from $ 600 billion previously .
[ ID :nN18702579 ]
The Fed had floated the idea of buying Treasuries some time ago , but recently seemed to go cold on the idea .
Thus , the sudden change of direction took most investors completely by surprise .
“ While we knew the Fed could buy Treasuries , and indeed thought that at some point they would buy them , we -- like others -- were taken aback by today ’s ramping of the printing press , ” wrote analysts at UBS .
The Fed will concentrate its buying in the two - year to 10 - year sector , though purchases will occur across the Treasury and TIPS curve .
The buying will be by competitive auctions , with two to three auctions a week likely .
The first auction will occur late next week .
It follows the Bank of England ’s move to buy 75 billion pounds ( $ 104 billion ) of gilts and the Bank of Japan ’s decision on Wednesday to increase purchases of Japanese government debt .
There were some concerns that all this printing of money would ultimately produce inflation , but for now central banks seemed far more concered with avoiding deflation .
“ The Fed ’s thinking is that the scenario of deep and prolonged recession , and thus the growing risk of deflation , is much more to be feared than the -- exaggerated -- risk of excessive inflation down the track , ” said Robertson at Macquarie .
That in turn , left him bullish on sovereign debt .
“ My big - picture story remains that government bond yields in across the G7 probably will go to new generational lows as unemployment heads into double - digits across the U.S. , the UK and Europe , and global deflation pressures continue to mount , ” said Robertson .
( Reporting by Wayne Cole ; Editing by Jonathan Standing )
NEW YORK ( Billboard ) - Cramps frontman Lux Interior died Wednesday at a Glendale , Calif. , hospital as the result of a pre-existing heart condition , the band ’s publicist confirmed to Billboard .
He was 62 .
The Cramps formed in 1976 and were part of the now legendary downtown New York punk scene .
Their lineup shifted over the years but always included Lux and his wife , Poison Ivy .
The band ’s rockabilly - infused punk has been credited as an influence by bands including the White Stripes and the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion .
Interior , whose real name was Erick Lee Purkhiser , was born October 21 , 1946 , in Ohio .
He met Ivy in 1972 and started the band shortly thereafter .
The Cramps released 14 albums over the course of their career , their latest being 2004 ’s “ How To Make a Monster . ”
Their best - selling album , 1984 ’s “ Bad Music for Bad People ” has sold 95,000 copies , according to Nielsen SoundScan .
Reuters / Billboard
THE POWER ELITE AND THE SECRET NAZI PLAN
PART 2
By Dennis L. Cuddy , Ph.D .
March 9 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
[ NOTE : People across the U.S. question whether there really is a Power Elite ( PE ) facilitating global events .
My response is , “ If a former Chief of Special Operations ( clandestine activities ) for the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff ( USJCS ) says there ’s a secret team that controls the U.S. and the World , why is it so hard to believe in a PE acting similarly ? ” Former Special Ops Chief for the USJCS , L. Fletcher Prouty authored The Secret Team : The CIA and Its Allies in Control of the United States and the World ( 1973 ) , in which he revealed there ’s a “ Secret Team consisting of security - cleared individuals in and out of government who receive secret intelligence data gathered by the CIA and the National Security Agency … .
The Secret Team has very close affiliations with elements of power in more than threescore foreign countries and is able when it chooses to topple governments , to create governments , and to influence governments almost anywhere in the free world . ”
Continuing the parade of Clinton administration Rhodes Scholars appointed by President Obama , Ashton Carter has been named an Undersecretary of Defense .
Also , Obama ’s “ con ” or “ scam ” regarding taxes continues as well .
The idea that taxing only those earning over $ 250,000 per year will not negatively affect all of us is ridiculous .
Many small businesses ( e.g. , five or six workers ) file taxes under this provision of the tax code .
If their taxes go up the owners have only three choices : ( 1 ) absorb the tax themselves ( which could cause them to go out of business if operating with only marginal profit ) , ( 2 ) cut costs ( e.g. , lay off workers or cut workers ’ hours or wages ) , or ( 3 ) pass the increase along to consumers .
While a few may opt for number 1 most would opt for the numbers 2 or 3 .
In these tough economic times , number 2 would be the preferred option , and that would increase unemployment .
If Obama hopes that by the time these new tax provisions take effecting 2010 the economy will have turned around , that still would not change the three choices , except that number 3 may be preferred .
Since the businesses therefore would then pass along their tax increases in the form of higher prices ( inflation ) to the consumer , how will Obama ’s plan help us ?
It wo n’t !
All of us will feel the effect of increased unemployment in the short term and higher prices ( which are like tax increases ) in the long run .
And since those making over $ 250,000 per year already pay a majority of the taxes , do you really believe increasing their taxes alone will pay for Obama ’s new national health insurance program and all the other new federal programs he has planned ?
This is why one might call all of this an “ Obamacon ” or “ Obamascam . ” ]
In Part 1 of this series , I mentioned the importance of I.G. Farben .
In fact , after WWII the U.S. War Department conducted an investigation and produced a document that revealed : “ Without I.G. ’s immense productive facilities , its intense research and vast affiliations , Germany ’s prosecution of the war would have been unthinkable and impossible …. ”
And how was I.G. Farben able to have “ immense productive facilities ” ?
A great deal of Farben ’s expansion prior to WWII was paid for by funds from Rockefeller ’s National City Bank , J.P. Morgan ’s Equitable Trust Company , Harris Forbes & Co. , and another Rockefeller entity called Dillon , Read & Company .
Hitler received funds via the August Thyssen Bank which was affiliated with the Harrimans of Skull & Bones in the U.S. The Union Banking Corporation ( UBC ) of New York was a joint Thyssen - Harriman operation , according to author Antony Sutton , and it had four directors who were members of the same Skull & Bones cell ( D 115 ) as well as two Nazi directors ( Johann Groninger and H. J. Kouwenhoven ) .
Also mentioned in Part 1 of this series as being important was PE agent John J. McCloy .
After WWII , Mc Cloy became president of the World Bank in 1947 and U.S. High Commissioner in Germany in 1949 .
From this latter influential position , he pressured West Germany ( and France ) to establish the European and Steel Community which later became the basis for the Common Market and eventually the European Union .
This type of regional economic arrangement was a necessary part of the PE ’s plan to link such economic arrangements into a management structure which would form the basis for a World Socialist Government .
Regarding the Nazis , not only would their ability to wage war have been impossible without fuel ( from Standard Oil , etc. ) , but also impossible without armaments from Krupp industries .
Despite the fact that Alfried Krupp was tried before a Nuremberg Military Tribunal and found guilty as a war criminal on July 31 , 1948 ( with confiscation of all his property ) , on February 4 , 1951 McCloy issued a general amnesty plus the return of Krupp ’s personal fortune and corporate property .
Following this , McCloy in 1953 became chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , which was an outgrowth of PE member Cecil Rhodes ’ “ scheme to take the government of the whole world . ”
McCloy held this position until 1970 when he was followed as chairman by David Rockefeller , who in his Memoirs has acknowledged being part of a “ secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States , … conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure — one world . ”
During his tenure as CFR chairman , McCloy in 1956 had written : “ In my view we must be ready to consider the most far - reaching proposals , including those for total disarmament , universal , enforceable and complete with international controls and inspection . ”
Because of this viewpoint , President - elect John Kennedy on January 2 , 1961 designated McCloy as his principal disarmament advisor and negotiator .
Nine months later , Kennedy on September 25 , 1961 addressed the U.N. General Assembly , proclaiming : “ Let us join in dismantling the national capacity to wage war … .
The program to be presented to this assembly is for general and complete disarmament . ”
Complete disarmament of the U.S. and all other nations was an important goal of the PE .
Advertisement
Concerning the Nazi ’s secret plan mentioned earlier , by the late 1960s Nazi agents had time to ascend to positions of power in the world .
By 1968 , Nazi secret agent Paul Dickopf had left Switzerland and became head of Interpol , headquartered in France ( remember the plan was to go underground into two successive countries ) .
He remained in that strategically powerful position until 1972 .
At this point , it is important to remember that Dickopf , McCloy , and others are not the PE , but merely its agents and not necessarily familiar with what each other are doing ( e.g. , McCloy may not have been involved in the Nazis ’ secret plan ) .
The PE is like a puppeteer pulling the strings of its individual agents in a coordinated manner to accomplish its overall objectives .
However , given McCloy ’s position in the War Department , given that no one in FDR ’s Administration probably “ ever acted without having a word with McCloy , ” and given his position as U.S. High Commissioner of Germany , it ’s doubtful he was unaware of the Rat Lines and Operation Paperclip .
Rat Lines were escape routes Nazis used fleeing Europe at the end of WWII in order to get primarily to South America , but also perhaps to the U.S. , Canada and the Middle East .
If you do a simple Google search for “ History of the Italian Rat Line , ” an April 10 , 1950 U.S.
Army intelligence document will appear .
One Nazi intelligence officer , Richard Gehlen , was employed by the CIA after WWII and headed the Gehlen Org which supported the ODESSA ( Organization of former SS members ) network in their use of Rat Lines .
Examples of prominent Nazis using Rat Lines were Adolph Eichmann , Klaus Barbie , and Josef Mengele .
At the end of WWII , a secret intelligence operation code - named Operation Paperclip brought hundreds of Nazi scientists to the U.S. , and some parts of the operation may still exist today .
The operation was under the Joint Intelligence Objectives Agency ( JIOA ) .
Beginning in 1948 , the JIOA also began Project National Interest , which brought Nazis to the U.S. to work in universities or as defense contractors .
John D. Rockefeller III as a Naval Lt. - Commander from 1942 to 1945 was a member of the State - War - Navy Coordinating Committee ( SWNCC , formed December 1944 , was a precursor of National Security Council ) .
SWNCC was headed by John J. McCloy , and it approved an expanded version of Operation Paperclip , bringing about 1000 German and Austrian scientists to the U.S. in the “ interest of national security ” ( see SWNCC 257/22 ) .
According to Secret Agenda ( 1991 ) by Linda Hunt , some Nazi scientists ( like Siegfried Ruff and Hermann Becker - Freyseng ) “ were employed under Paperclip to continue the same type of research that had resulted in the murder of Dachau prisoners ! ”
Werner von Braun , leading NASA space scientist here in the 1960s had been a Major in Himmler ’s ruthless SS .
Convicted Nazi war criminal Otto Ambrose came to the U.S. as part of Project National Interest and worked as a consultant to W.R. Grace & Company for decades .
Interestingly , Ambrose had been a director of I.G. Farben which manufactured Zyklon B , the gas that killed millions of Jews and others .
Ambrose was also one of those released by U.S. High Commissioner of Germany John J. McCloy in 1951 .
Nazi Major - General Walter Dornberger commanded a missile base at Peenemunde in WWII , and under Operation Paperclip became vice - president of Bell Aerosystems in Niagara Falls , New York .
The list goes on and on , but it ’s clear McCloy and Rockefeller were aware of high profile Nazis who had been helped to escape to the U.S. at the end of WWII .
And one can only wonder whether these Nazis might have been in contact over the years with those other Nazi agents who early in WWII spread throughout the world in order to fulfill today the secret Nazi plan mentioned at the beginning of this article !
Given the current economic crisis in the world , remember that part of the secret Nazi plan ( scheduled to come to fruition today ) involved “ creating doubts among the people of each country as to the ability , integrity or wisdom of their leading statesmen . ”
The secret Nazi plan also involved Nazi agents “ being trained to appear as men of large financial interests … over a period of years gaining a controlling influence … in labor unions in the banking world … .
When the right time comes , stimulate internal dissension sufficiently to destroy the morale of the people . ”
Sound familiar ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Are we moving toward Socialism in the U.S. today ?
Are labor unions or “ workers ” being emphasized today ?
Since the U.S. is a “ nation ” could one call what is happening today a movement toward National Socialism emphasizing workers ?
And does n’t the term Nazi stand for National Socialist ( German ) Workers ’ Party ?
You can read in any good dictionary that the Nazis were Fascists who believe in “ private enterprise under centralized government control . ”
Is n’t this what is occurring today ?
This is not an accusation that President Obama and the Democrats are some kind of secret Nazis .
It is evident , however , that the country is being moved toward Socialism / Fascism , and thus the real Nazi agents would consider Obama and the Democrats ( and some Republicans ) as “ useful idiots ” in the fulfillment of their secret plan .
For part one or three click below .
Click here for part -----> 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ,
Scientists have found the first case of an ionic crystal consisting of just one chemical element – boron .
This is the densest and hardest known phase of this element .
The new phase turned out to be a key to understanding the phase diagram of boron – the only element for which the phase diagram was unknown since its discovery 200 years ago .
This work is published in the journal Nature .
Results on the hardness of the new phase are published in a separate paper in the Journal of Superhard Materials .
The team of authors is made of sub - teams led by Artem R. Oganov ( theoretical crystallographer from Stony Brook University ) , Jiuhua Chen ( materials scientist from Florida International University ) , Carlo Gatti ( theoretical chemist from the University of Milano , Italy ) , and Vladimir Solozhenko ( physical chemist from Centre national de la recherche scientifique / CNRS , France ) .
Such a large effort was necessary to crack down on what is likely the most complicated element in the Periodic Table .
Boron has long been known as a graveyard of great scientific reputations .
Its bizarre tale started in 1808 , when two great teams – J.-L. Gay - Lussac and L. - J. Thénard in Paris and Sir Humphrey Davy in London – independently announced the discovery of a new element , boron .
Later it was proven that in both cases the “ element ” was a compound containing not more than 60 - 70 % boron .
The most definitive proof of this was made by another great chemist , H. Moissan , but his material was later also shown to be a compound with less than 90 % boron .
In 1858 , F .
Wöhler wrote in his classical book that boron has two polymorphs – a graphite - like one , and a diamond - like one .
Now we know that both forms are actually compounds , AlB12 and B48C2 Al , respectively .
The first time 99 % boron was synthesized was in 1909 , but this was not the end of story .
Even 1 % of impurities , or even less , can change the structure and properties of boron in an amazingly strong way and compounds such as PuB100 are known .
“ Such sensitivity to impurities is unprecedented among the elements and makes studies of this element nothing short of a nightmare , ” says Artem R. Oganov , Associate Professor at the Department of Geosciences and New York Center for Computational Science at Stony Brook .
There have been16 polymorphic modifications of boron reported to date , but most of these are likely to be impurity - stabilized forms .
This is the only element for which the ground state is not experimentally known even at ambient conditions .
Among the many abnormalities found for boron is also the recent suggestion that it violated the third law of thermodynamics ( which states that stable phases at zero Kelvin must be perfectly ordered ) at atmospheric pressure .
High - pressure behavior remained even more mysterious .
advertisement
The stage for present research was set in 2004 , when Chen and Solozhenko independently synthesized a new form of boron at high temperatures and pressures above 100,000 atmospheres .
The structure could not be solved from experimental data alone , and required a new theoretical method that was developed by Dr. Oganov at the time .
“ The method is a purely theoretical , requires no experimental information , and is based on ideas of natural evolution applied to the search for the most stable crystal structure , ” said Dr. Oganov .
“ The computer generates dozens of trial crystal structures , whose energies are evaluated using quantum - mechanical calculations , and the most favorable of the sampled structures mate and mutate to produce child structures until the most stable structure is found . ”
Using this method Dr. Oganov was able to find the structure and determined that it is a true ground state of boron and there is significant charge transfer between boron atoms within the structure .
Dr. Gatti ’s sophisticated analysis confirmed bond ionicity , and Dr. Solozhenko ’s further experiments revealed that the new phase is superhard with a Vickers hardness of about 50 GPa .
Quantum - mechanical calculations suggest a very large stability field for this new phase , extending up to 900,000 atmospheres in pressure .
How can an element be ionic ?
Classical chemistry textbooks indicate that charge transfer occurs when atoms have different electronegativities and this automatically disqualifies pure elements as possible ionic phases .
Boron finds a surprising solution to this problem – its new structure contains two very different types of nanoclusters , B12 icosahedra ( blue in the figure above ) and B2 dumbbells ( orange in the figure above ) .
The electronic structures of these two clusters are very different – in fact , the dependence of electronic properties on the size of the cluster is well known and is the main idea of nanotechnology .
Electronegativities of the B12 icosahedra and B2 pairs are different , and this causes charge redistribution and the emergence of partial ionicity in this elemental structure .
“ What ’s also striking , ” said Dr. Oganov , is that the centers of mass of clusters in this new structure occupy the same positions as atoms in the structure of NaCl , an archetypal ionic compound .
As a result of these findings , Oganov and colleagues anticipate other ionic forms of the elements , and propose several stable or metastable possibilities .
Furthermore , elemental liquids are likely to have some degree of instantaneous charge transfer between the atoms .
Apart from being a curiosity , ionic elements have interesting and potentially important properties .
The properties most affected by ionicity include the dielectric constants , vibrational spectra , and electronic band gap .
Among these anomalous properties , the predicted infrared absorption spectrum ( which is entirely due to charge redistribution between the atoms ) has already been fully confirmed in experiments of Chen ’s team .
Inducing transitions from non-ionic to ionic structure will result in such changes in the properties that otherwise would be hard to achieve .
United Kingdom : Incidence of Male Circumcision
The incidence of male circumcision in the United Kingdom has varied sharply over the decades of the twentieth century .
The National Health Service does not offer free non-therapeutic circumcision , so non-therapeutic circumcision of the newborn is almost unknown .
When non-therapeutic circumcision of the newborn does occur , it is most likely to be in furtherance of the religious views of the parents .
There are sharp variations by age group in the percentage of males who are circumcised .
Younger males are less likely to be circumcised .
Rickwood et al. report that the male circumcision rate was about 35 percent in the 1930s .
7
The rate had declined to about 1/5 of boys being circumcised in the 1940s , or about 90,000 annually .
1 Gairdner reported a sharp division by social class with the upper classes being circumcised much more frequently .
1 The National Health Service ( NHS ) started operations in 1948 and did not provide non-therapeutic neonatal circumcisions .
Following the publication of Gairdner 's influential report on the lack of necessity of neonatal circumcision in 1949 1 , the incidence of male non-therapeutic ( routine ) circumcision declined sharply .
The BMJ reported that the incidence of non-therapeutic circumcision was 6 percent in 1975 .
2 Rickwood reported in 1989 that about 30,000 circumcisions a year were carried out in England and 70 percent were on boys under 15 years of age .
3 Gordon and Collin suggested in 1993 that 5.6 percent of boys in England would be circumcised by age 17 .
4
Johnson et al. surveyed 7990 British men ( 1990 ) and found that 21.9 percent of all men in the survey were circumcised .
5
There was a sharp division by age group .
The oldest are the most likely to be circumcised while the youngest group is the least likely to be circumcised .
Age group % Number Birth Year 16 - 24 12.5 1874 1966-1974 25-34 15.9 2111 1956-1975 35-44 26.4 1956 1946-1955 45-59 32.3 2049 1931-19455
Religion % Number None 18.4 4120 Church of England 24.7 2011 Roman Catholic 18.6 678 Other Christian 22.1 863 Non-Christian 55.8 3125
Ethnic group % Number White 20.9 7551 Black 34.1 150 Asian 35.3 165 Other 51.5 1075
Johnsoncompared racial groups and found that whites were the least likely to be circumcised .
At the present time ( 2000 ) non-therapeutic ( routine ) neonatal circumcisions are rare in England .
A few are performed for religious reasons .
They are not covered by the NHS .
Post - neonatal circumcisions are performed usually due to mis-diagnosis of phimosis .
7 Rickwood reports that the incidence of post - neonatal circumcisions has declined sharply in the late 1990s .
About 12,200 circumcisions were performed in Britain in a recent year ( 1998 ? ) .
7
This would suggest that 3.8 percent of British boys born today would be circumcised by their 15th birthday , if current trends continue .
7 However , in the Liverpool and Sefton districts only 1.5 percent of boys born today would be circumcised by their 15th birthday , if current trends continue .
7
The British Medical Association ( BMA ) take the ethical position that doctors have a right to conscientiously object to the performance of non-therapeutic male circumcisions of children on moral , ethical , or legal grounds .
6
The BMA consider male circumcision to be an invasive , radical procedure , and state that unless conservative treatments are tried first , a therapeutic circumcision would be unethical .
6 The BMA and the British Association of Paediatric Surgeons ( BAPS ) insist that the written consent of both parents should be obtained for non-therapeutic circumcision .
6,8,9
This ethical guidance may act to reduce the incidence of circumcision of male children .
The 2000 British National Survey of Sexual Attitudes and Lifestyles ( Natsal 2000 ) found that 15.8 percent of British males aged 16 to 44 reported being circumcised .
The incidence of circumcision was highest in the men aged 40 - 44 at 19.6 percent [ born 1956 - 60 ] and lowest in the group aged 16 - 19 [ born 1981 - 84 ] at 11.7 percent .
10 Men of ethnic minorities ( except black Caribbeans ) were signficantly more likely to circumcised than those described as " white " .
10 Jews were 98.7 percent circumcised and Sikhs , Hindus , and Buddists were only 9.8 percent circumcised .
10
The most recent survey , therefore , appears to show a continuing decline in the incidence of circumcised males in Britain when compared with previous data .
NATSAL 2000 Age Percent Circumcised Birth Year 16 - 44 15.8 % 1956-1984 40-44 19.6 % 1956-1960 16-19 11.7 % 1981-1984
Mr Kennedy , a fan of the water dog , is said to have given one to the Obamas
The promised US presidential pooch has been picked , US media reports say .
The soon - to - be " first puppy " is a six - month - old black - and - white Portuguese water dog that the Obama girls have named Bo , the Washington Post reports .
The girls - Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 - were promised a puppy by their father , US President Barack Obama , as a reward for coping with the election campaign .
The water dog , which does not shed hair , is said to be less aggravating for Malia who suffers from allergies .
The identity of the puppy - which had been one of Washington 's best kept secrets - will be officially revealed by the White House on Tuesday afternoon , the Post said .
But news of the furry addition to the Obama family was leaked by unnamed staffers to the Washington Post and AP news agency .
' Good behaviour '
They said young
Bo - who sports a white chest , white paws and a white goatee - was a gift to the Obama daughters from close family friend , Democratic Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts .
Choosing the First Puppy Mr Kennedy , who owns three water dogs himself , said in January that he was " proud to endorse the Portuguese water dog as the next First Dog of the United States " .
He said the breed would be a " perfect fit for the Obama Family " as the dogs have a " can - do and hopeful spirit " and were smart , resilient , determined , optimistic and tireless .
Bo was reported to have charmed the first family during a secret meeting at the White House a few weeks ago , the Post said , citing an unnamed source .
It said the top dog made no toileting errors and did not gnaw on the furniture because he has been receiving lessons in good behaviour from the Kennedys ' dog trainers at a secret location outside Washington .
The choice of the US presidential pooch has been a pet topic for the nation 's press ever since Mr Obama promised his daughters a puppy during the campaign .
The president , for his part , has embraced the media buzz .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " Oh , man , now , that 's top secret , " he joked on Friday as reporters pressed him again on the issue .
He also made light about his promise to his girls during last month 's appearance on Jay Leno 's talk show .
" This is Washington .
That was a campaign promise , " Mr Obama said , as the audience roared with laughter .
" No , I 'm teasing .
The dog will be there shortly . "
But sources told the Post that the dog was not in the White House as of Saturday evening .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Green Side of Online Shopping
E -commerce reduces the environmental impact of shopping by using about a third less energy than traditional retail–but only if you skip the express airmail .
A study out Tuesday by the Carnegie Mellon Green Design Institute offers a scientifically rigorous estimate of e-commerce ’s green benefits .
E - commerce not only uses less energy , but its carbon footprint is also a third smaller than bricks - and - mortar retail , the scientists found .
Lead researcher H. Scott Matthews and his team compared the energy consumption and carbon dioxide emissions required to deliver a small flash drive to a shopper via a trip to a traditional store versus buying and shipping the flash drive via Buy.com .
Coming up with these calculations required many assumptions by the scientists –but they ’re a lot more informed than past attempts to account for the environmental benefits of e-commerce , say the researchers .
That ’s because the e-commerce site Buy.com made available to them information about its data center , last mile delivery practices and other sources of energy consumption .
( Buy.com is a member of the Green Design Institute ’s Corporate Consortium , but did n’t pay for or direct the study . )
The scientists found that by far the largest environmental cost of traditional shopping is a consumer driving his or her own car to a store .
( They assumed that the average person drives about 14 miles round - trip per shopping outing , and buys about three different items on one trip . )
Read the rest of this post
inside all of us is a kitteh waiting to get out
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Tiger Woods PGA
Tour 10 is going to be one of the first games bundled with the Wii MotionPlus , and it's the game that has many of us excited about the technology .
A trailer for the title shows off the ability to play disc golf using the peripheral , and the video gives you a good idea of just how much control the Motion Plus brings to the game .
Take a look at the preview after the jump .
Is it weird to get excited about a Frolfing video ?
This actually looks like a great addition to the game .
Keep an eye on how smooth the hand motion is , and how much control you have over the disc .
Tiger Woods Disc Golf
You can see how every movement of your hand translates into gameplay , and just how smooth throwing the discs has become .
This is yet another reason to pick up the game , and I have to say I 'm very much looking forward to getting my hands on this release .
This guy saw one too many episodes of Desperate Housewives ... which makes me think we could be friends , you know , if I could get over the whole social security fraud ...
I think I managed to add sane support for SSE values ( octwords ) and operations to SBCL this weekend ( all that because of a discussion on PRNGs which lead to remembering that SFMT was n't too hard to implement , which lead to SSE intrinsics ) .
It was n't too hard , but clearly the path could have been better documented .
The interesting part is the creation of a new primitive data type in the compiler ; once that is done , we only have to define new VOPs .
Note that since I 'm only targetting x86 - 64 , alignment is n't an issue : objects are aligned to 128 bit by default .
The compiler has to be informed of the new data type at two levels :
The front / middle - end , to create a new type ( as in CL : TYPEP ) , and to define how to map from that type to the primitive type ( which is more concerned about representation than semantics ) used in the back - end ;
) , and to define how to map from that type to the primitive type ( which is more concerned about representation than semantics ) used in the back - end ;
The back - end , which has to be informed about the existence of a new primitive type , and must also be modified to correctly map that primitive type to machine registers or stack locations , and to know how to move from one to the other or how to box such values in a GC - friendly object on the heap .
Obviously the runtime was also be modified to be able to GC the new type of objects .
I believe it makes more sense to do this by starting low - level , in the back - end , and then building things up to the front - end , so I 'll try and explain it that way .
Hacking the machine definition
SBCL 's backend has a sort of type system at the VOP / TN level ( virtual operations / registers ) .
Two elements of type information are associated with each TN : the primitive type and the storage class .
As its name implies , the primitive type is a low - level , C - style type ( e.g. SIMPLE -ARRAY-UNSIGNED-BYTE - 64 or DOUBLE - FLOAT ) , which is almost entirely concerned with representation .
Apart from bad puns , there is no subtyping ; COMPLEX and COMPLEX - DOUBLE -FLOAT are disjoint types .
However , that still leaves some leeway to the back - end .
A DOUBLE - FLOAT may be stored in a FP register , on the stack , or as a boxed value .
Thus , TN are also assigned a storage class before generating code .
The first step was to define new storage classes for SSE values : sse-reg and sse - stack for SSE values in XMM registers and on the stack , respectively .
That 's done in src/ compiler / x86-64/vm.lisp , ! define - storage - classes :
( sse - stack stack : element - size 2 : alignment 2 ) [...] ( sse-reg float - registers : locations #.( loop for i from 0 below 15 collect i ) : constant-scs ( ) : save - p t :alternate - scs ( sse- stack ) )
The first form defines a new storage class ( SC ) that 's stored on the stack ( the storage base , SB ) , where each element takes two locations ( in this case , 64 bit words ) and requires an alignment of two locations .
The second form defines a new storage class that uses the float - registers storage base , and may take any of the first 15 locations in that SB ( xmm15 is reserved ) .
Values in that SC must be saved to the stack when needed .
The sse - stack SC is to be used when there are n't enough registers or when saving registers ( e.g. for a call ) .
Some more modifications were needed in the assembler to make it aware of the new SC , but that 's a mostly orthogonal concern .
Adding a new primitive type
That 's enough to define a new primitive type in src/ compiler / generic / primtype.lisp :
(! def - primitive - type sse-value ( sse- reg descriptor - reg ) )
sse-value can be stored in sse-reg or descriptor - reg ( as boxed values ) , or in any of their alternate SC .
Defining a new kind of primitive object
I 've defined a new primitive type that can be stored as a boxed value .
However , I have n't yet defined how that boxed value should be represented .
I allocated one of the unused widetags to sse-values in src/ compiler / generic/early - objdef.lisp :
#!-x86-64 unused02 #!+x86-64 sse-value ; 01100010
That 's not necessary , but I would then have to define my own typechecking VOPs , adapt the GC somehow , etc .
It will define a new constant , SB!VM::SSE-VALUE-WIDETAG
.
I use it in the primitive object definition ( src/ compiler / generic/objdef.lisp ) :
( define - primitive - object ( sse-value : lowtag other - pointer - lowtag : widetag sse-value - widetag ) ( filler ) ; preserve the natural 128 bit alignment ( lo-value : c - type " long " : type ( unsigned - byte 64 ) ) ( hi -value : c - type " long " : type ( unsigned - byte 64 ) ) )
The macro will also define useful constants , e.g. SSE - VALUE -SIZE , as well as slot offsets for the low and high values .
That information will be needed by the GC .
Genesis only exports CL constants to C when the symbols are external to the package .
Thus , I had to add some symbols to the export list for SB !VM in ./package-data-list.lisp-expr :
#!+x86-64 " SSE - VALUE " #!+x86-64 " SSE - VALUE -P " ; will be defined later on #!+x86-64 " SSE - VALUE-HI-VALUE-SLOT " #!+x86-64 " SSE - VALUE-LO-VALUE-SLOT
" #!+x86-64 " SSE - VALUE-SIZE " #!+x86-64 " SSE - VALUE -WIDETAG "
and similarly for SB !
KERNEL :
#!+x86-64 " OBJECT-NOT-SSE-VALUE-ERROR " ; so will this
Adapting the GC
I chose a very simple representation for sse-values : the header word will contain the right widetag , obviously , and the rest will encode the size of the object ( in words ) .
That 's a common scheme in SBCL , and well supported by generic code everywhere .
The garbage collector ( a copying Cheney GC ) has three important tables that are used to dispatch to the correct function given an object 's widetag : scavtab to scavenge objects for pointers , transother to copy objects to the new space and sizetab to compute the size of an object .
They 're all initialised in src/runtime / gc- common.c , gc_init_tables .
The representation is standard , so I only had to add pointers to predefined functions , scav_unboxed , trans_unboxed and size_unboxed :
#ifdef SSE_VALUE_WIDETAG
scavtab [ SSE_VALUE_WIDETAG ] = scav_unboxed ; #endif [...]
#ifdef SSE_VALUE_WIDETAG
transother [ SSE_VALUE_WIDETAG ] = trans_unboxed ; #endif [...]
#ifdef SSE_VALUE_WIDETAG
sizetab [ SSE_VALUE_WIDETAG ] = size_unboxed ; #endif
Adding utility VOPs to the compiler
That 's enough code to be able to use the sse- value primitive type , use our new storage classes in VOP definitions , and pass boxed sse-values around without crashing the GC .
The first VOPs to define are probably those that let the compiler move sse-values around , from an sse - reg , sse - stack or descriptor - reg to another .
Not all VOPs in the cartesian product must be defined ; the compiler can figure out how to piece together move VOPs to a certain extent .
( define - move - fun ( load - sse - value 2 ) ( vop x y ) ( ( sse- stack ) ( sse-reg ) ) ( inst movdqa y ( ea - for - sse - stack x ) ) ) ( define - move - fun ( store - sse- value 2 ) ( vop x y ) ( ( sse-reg ) ( sse- stack ) ) ( inst movdqa ( ea - for - sse - stack y ) x ) )
are enough to define how to move between the stack and xmm registers ( ea - for - sse - stack is a helper function that generates an effective address from an sse- value 's location in the compile - time stack frame ) .
( define -vop ( sse- move ) ( : args ( x :scs ( sse-reg ) : target y : load - if ( not ( location= x y ) ) ) ) ( : results ( y :scs ( sse-reg ) : load - if ( not ( location= x y ) ) ) ) ( : note " sse move " ) ( : generator 0 ( unless ( location= y x ) ( inst movdqa y x ) ) ) ) ( define - move - vop sse - move : move ( sse-reg ) ( sse-reg ) )
provides and registers code to move from one xmm register to another .
( define-vop ( move- from - sse ) ( : args ( x :scs ( sse-reg ) ) ) ( : results ( y :scs ( descriptor - reg ) ) ) ( : node - var node ) ( : note " sse to pointer coercion " ) ( : generator 13 ( with - fixed - allocation ( y sse- value - widetag sse - value - size node ) ( inst movdqa ( make - ea : qword : base y : disp 1 ) x ) ) ) ) ( define - move - vop move - from - sse : move ( sse-reg ) ( descriptor - reg ) ) ( define-vop ( move- to- sse ) ( : args ( x :scs ( descriptor - reg ) ) ) ( : results ( y :scs ( sse-reg ) ) ) ( : note " pointer to sse coercion " ) ( : generator 2 ( inst movdqa y ( make - ea : qword : base x : disp 1 ) ) ) ) ( define - move - vop move - to - sse : move ( descriptor - reg ) ( sse-reg ) )
will be used to move from an xmm register to a boxed representation and vice - versa .
Finally ,
( define -vop ( move- sse- arg ) ( : args ( x :scs ( sse-reg ) : target y ) ( fp :scs ( any - reg ) : load - if ( not ( sc - is y sse - reg ) ) ) ) ( : results ( y ) ) ( : note " SSE argument move " ) ( : generator 4 ( sc- case y ( sse-reg ( unless ( location= x y ) ( inst movdqa y x ) ) ) ( sse - stack ( inst movdqa ( ea - for - sse - stack y fp ) x ) ) ) ) ) ( define - move - vop move - sse-arg : move-arg ( sse- reg descriptor - reg ) ( sse-reg ) )
defines how arguments are loaded before calling a function .
Creating a new CL type and associated functions
Now that pretty much all the groundwork has been done in the backend , it 's time to inform the frontend about the new data type .
The system 's built - in classes are defined in src/code / class.lisp , right after ( defvar * built - in - classes * ) .
I only had to insert another sublist in the list of built - in classes .
( sb!vm:sse-value :codes ( #.sb!vm:sse-value - widetag ) )
That takes care of defining a new class for the middle - end , and of mapping the class 's name , in the front - end , to the class object in the middle - end .
SBCL tries pretty hard to always provide a safe language by default , so I have to make sure the type sse-value can be checked .
First , a new error kind is defined in src/code / interr.lisp :
( deferr object - not - sse - value - error ( object ) ( error ' type-error : datum object : expected - type ' sb!vm:sse-value ) )
The mapping from internal error number to a meaningful message is specified in src/ compiler / generic / interr.lisp , define - internal - errors : ( object - not - sse - value " Object is not of type SSE - VALUE . " ) .
Since I use a normal representation , I can use preexisting machinery to define the type checking VOPs in src/ compiler / generic / late - type-vops.lisp :
(! define - type - vops sse- value - p check - sse- value sse-value object - not - sse- value - error ( sse-value - widetag ) )
That only creates a VOP for sse - value - p ; we 'd sometimes like to have a real function .
That 's created in src/code / pred.lisp , with ( def- type-predicate - wrapper sb!vm:sse-value - p ) .
Moreover , when a VOP is defined as a translation for a function , that function must be defknown ed to the compiler .
I do that in src/ compiler / generic / vm - fndb.lisp , with ( defknown sb! vm:sse- value - p ( t ) boolean ( foldable flushable ) ) .
TYPEP must also be informed to use that function .
That 's set up in src/ compiler / generic/vm-typetran.lisp , with ( define - type- predicate sb!vm:sse-value - p sb!vm:sse-value ) .
Making the middle and the back meet
The modifications above added a new primitive type to the back - end , along with some machinery to represent and manipulate values of that type .
They also added a new built - in class to the front and middle - end and some type - checking code for that new class .
The only thing left is to make sure the new class is mapped to the correct primitive type .
The default is to map everything to the primitive type T , a boxed value .
That 's done at the bottom of src/ compiler / generic / primtype.lisp , in primitive - type-aux .
I only had to modify the case of translating built - in class ( oids ) to primitive types : sse-value are treated like complex , function , system - area - pointer or weak - pointer .
The class sse-value is mapped to the primitive type sse-value .
That way , a function that is defknown to , e.g. , take an argument of type sse-value ( the class ) can be translated by a VOP that takes an argument of primitive type sse-value , which can be stored in an sse-reg ( an xmm register ) .
Now what ?
The Iraq war was just the first of this century 's " resource wars " , in which powerful countries use force to secure valuable commodities , according to the UK government 's former chief scientific adviser .
Sir David King predicts that with population growth , natural resources dwindling , and seas rising due to climate change , the squeeze on the planet will lead to more conflict .
" Future historians might look back on our particular recent past and see the Iraq war as the first of the conflicts of this kind - the first of the resource wars , " he told an audience of 400 in London as he delivered the British Humanist Association 's Darwin Day lecture .
Implicitly rejecting the US and British governments ' claim they went to war to remove Saddam Hussein and search for weapons of mass destruction , he said the US had in reality been very concerned about energy security and supply , because of its reliance on foreign oil from unstable states .
" Casting its eye around the world - there was Iraq , " he said .
This strategy could also be used to find and keep supplies of other essentials , such as minerals , water and fertile land , he added .
" Unless we get to grips with this problem globally , we potentially are going to lead ourselves into a situation where large , powerful nations will secure resources for their own people at the expense of others . "
King was the UK government 's chief scientific adviser in the run-up to the start of Iraq war in March 2003 , but said he did not express his view of its true motivation to Tony Blair .
" It was certainly the view that I held at the time , and I think it is fair to say a view that quite a few people in government held , " said King , who is now director of the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment at Oxford University .
However , before the war loomed he had made an effort to persuade the Bush administration to adopt more climate - friendly policies .
" I went into the White House in 2001 to persuade them that de-carbonising their economy was the way forward .
I did n't get much shrift at that time .
What I can tell you is that , if I had managed to persuade the government of America that investing ( instead of going into Iraq ) in de-carbonising their economy with roughly a tenth of [ the estimated $ 3 trillion the US spent on the war ] , they would have managed it . "
Commenting on the idea of " resource wars " , Alex Evans , of the Centre for International Co-operation at New York University , who last month wrote a report on food security for the Chatham House thinktank , said he believed King was right , but overly pessimistic .
" You always get conflict over the allocation of scarce resources , " he said .
" The question is whether it is violent conflict ...
If the political system can't cope , that 's when it gets violent . "
King 's lecture - Can British Science Rise to the Challenges of the 21st Century ?
- also warned politicians not to allow the financial crisis to distract them from tackling climate change .
" I would like to see [ in ] every speech Gordon Brown makes on the fiscal crisis , that he also includes the global warming crisis , " he said , but added : " It 's fine for the prime minister to make a good speech on climate change , but you need all members of the cabinet , because reducing carbon by 80 % by 2050 will require every part of government to respond . "
King summed up by saying that with growing population and dwindling resources , fundamental changes to the global economy and society were necessary .
" Consumerism has been a wonderful model for growing up economies in the 20th century .
Is that model fit for purpose in the 21st century , when resource shortage is our biggest challenge ? "
Please excuse the title , Wings can be one of the hardest things to draw other than the human figure , well Go Media have been very busy and only yesterday released one part of set 14 , these had to be hand drawn wing vectors as usual they also have a free sample
The Wing Vectors
You can take one look at this set and say “ Awesome ” because
Go media have really out done themselves with this one , I can only imagine how many hours it has taken to perfect each and every feather ( there ’s also some bat wings in there I notice ! ) .
The pack costs only $ 10 / £ 6 and for the time it will save you and the quality that they are compared to many other vector products .
These really are for professional looks , its crazy
I was looking at their other vector wing sets and these simply blow them away in the detail and craftsman ship , I ’m guessing these will be mainly used by the avid tee - shirt and apparel designer , and rightly so because they will definitely take a design to a new level .
Go Media
In my eyes Go media is one of the friendliest companies on the web that I know of ( or at least in the design sector ) , they serve up free vectors from time to time to give you a taste of what they ’ve been working hard on , They more often than not reply to your comments on their blog
Go mediazine , they even tweet , these are all the signs of a great company doing everything right .
Getting a response from a company can go along way especially when your treated like an individual .
With blogs and social media platforms available to day this means companies can be one on one with its customers and like minded people .
They share their passion for design with tutorials , that are well received by the design community , they also blog about their experiences within business , now this can be very insightful for some one starting out in their own ventures and many will be able to relate to and learn from that , making Go media a great asset .
What I did with my Go media wings
I got my set of wings and was immediately excited to see 14 different types of wings , Angel , bat , eagle etc one for every occasion .
I ’m not an apparel designer so my brain got thinking because I knew I wanted to do a post about them but also wanted to create something with them as well ( it had been snowing all day so there was n’t much else to do ! ) so I came up with this …
Guardian of Design Shard
Using one of the angel type wings from
Go media I also grabbed a picture of a knight , an ancient door and a little bit of creativity .
What do you think about it , it was quite rushed and completed in about 2 hours , the light source might be a little off but I think it turned out quite well ,
The styling of the wings was already really slick so I wanted to carry this type of vector styling through the image so I made some swirls with the same thick border to act as appendages coming from the wings and wrapping around the knight , as if it is alive !
Source Files
The ancient door was found on Flickr by using the Creative Commons search and the knight was found on sxc free stock site , the wings are from Go medias hand drawn collection
Your Thoughts
So what do you think of Go Media ?
Have you used any of their vectors in you designs ?
If you have feel free to post links and share your comments below … what do you think of my creation , be nice !
Marcus Aurelius ( Marcus Aurelius Antoninus Augustus ) was a respected Roman Emperor ( 161 –180 CE ) , a philosopher - king who was the last of Rome 's so - called Five Good Emperors .
His death in 180 was regarded as the end of the Pax Romana and the beginning of instability that led over time to the fall of the Western Roman Empire .
The reign of Marcus Aurelius is said to have symbolized the Golden Age of the Roman Empire .
Known for a Rule of Reason
He engaged in a number of wars and military operations aimed at quelling restive neighbors and in a costly and obsessive campaign to extend Rome 's northern borders .
He was not best known for his military acumen , though , but for his thoughtful nature and a rule governed by reason .
During his years of military campaigns , he recorded his day - to - day , discursive , fragmentary political thoughts in Greek in untitled writings that came to be known as his 12 - volume " Meditations . "
Revered for His Stoic Thoughts in ' Meditations '
Many revere this work as one of the world 's greatest works of philosophy and a significant contribution to the modern understanding of ancient Stoicism .
He practiced Stoicism and his writings reflect this philosophy of service and duty , finding balance , and reaching a state of stability and composure in the face of conflict by following nature as inspiration .
But it seems his fragmentary , discursive , epigrammatic thoughts , though revered , were not original , but a reflection of the moral tenets of Stoicism , which the enslaved person and philosopher Epictetus had taught him .
Notable Quotes From the Works of Marcus Aurelius
" A noble man compares and estimates himself by an idea that is higher than himself ; and a mean man , by one lower than himself .
The one produces aspiration ; the other ambition , which is the way in which a vulgar man aspires . "
" Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together , but do so with all your heart . "
" Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live . "
" Anything in any way beautiful derives its beauty from itself and asks nothing beyond itself .
Praise is no part of it , for nothing is made worse or better by praise . "
" Because your own strength is unequal to the task , do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man ; but if anything is within the powers and province of man , believe that it is within your own compass also . "
" Begin .
To begin is half the work , let half still remain ; again begin this , and thou wilt have finished . "
" Constantly regard the universe as one living being , having one substance and one soul ; and observe how all things have reference to one perception , the perception of this one living being ; and how all things act with one movement and how all things are the cooperating causes of all things that exist ; observe too the continuous spinning of the thread and the contexture of the web . "
" Death is a release from the impressions of the senses , and from desires that make us their puppets , and from the vagaries of the mind , and from the hard service of the flesh . "
" Despise not death , but welcome it , for nature wills it like all else . "
" Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be . "
" Everything that happens happens as it should , and if you observe carefully , you will find this to be so . "
" Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last . "
" Forward , as occasion offers .
Never look round to see whether any shall note it ... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter , and think that even such a result is no trifle . "
" He who fears death either fears the loss of sensation or a different kind of sensation .
But if thou shalt have no sensation , neither wilt thou feel any harm ; and if thou shalt acquire another kind of sensation , thou wilt be a different kind of living being and thou wilt not cease to live . "
" It is not death that a man should fear , but he should fear never beginning to live . "
" Let it be your constant method to look into the design of people 's actions and see what they would be at , as often as it is practicable ; and to make this custom the more significant , practice it first upon yourself . "
" Let men see , let them know a real man , who lives as he was meant to live . "
" Look back over the past , with its changing empires that rose and fell , and you can foresee the future , too . "
" Loss is nothing else but change , and change is Nature 's delight . "
" Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability . "
" Never let the future disturb you .
You will meet it , if you have to , with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present . "
" Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear . "
" Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life . "
" Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul . "
" Observe constantly that all things take place by change , and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things that are and to make new things like them . "
" Perhaps there are none more lazy , or more truly ignorant , than your everlasting readers . "
" Such as are your habitual thoughts , such also will be the character of your mind ; for the soul is dyed by the thoughts . "
" The act of dying is one of the acts of life . "
" The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts : therefore , guard accordingly , and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature . "
" The universal order and the personal order are nothing but different expressions and manifestations of a common underlying principle . "
" The universe is transformation ; our life is what our thoughts make it . "
" There are three classes into which all the women past 70 that ever I knew were to be divided : 1 . That dear old soul ; 2 . That old woman ; 3 . That old witch . "
" Time is a sort of river of passing events , and strong is its current ; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place , and this , too , will be swept away . "
" We are too much accustomed to attribute to a single cause that which is the product of several , and the majority of our controversies come from that . "
" When you arise in the morning , think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive — to breathe , to think , to enjoy , to love . "
" Where a man can live , he can also live well . "
" You have power over your mind — not outside events .
Realize this , and you will find strength . "
" Your life is what your thoughts make it . "
[ This is part of the Android Diary . ]
In particular , drawing and interacting on them .
Herewith a very specialized set of notes that might be of interest to anyone programming to Android ’s very attractive map API .
I ’ve learned a lot already , but I ’ll try to keep this up - to - date as I become more conversant with the state of the art .
[ Ed . Note : I ’ve been asked why on earth I ’m putting all this time into a non-Sun platform .
The answer : I ’m now officially in our new Cloud Computing group .
The connection between Mobile and Cloud seems painfully obvious . ]
Three Big Pieces · Just like it says in all the online write - ups .
You need a MapActivity and inside that a MapView and on top of that an Overlay , and the framework takes care of their interactions with each other very nicely .
Do It in XML · I ended up with a bunch of bits and pieces of UI : the map itself , the map ’s standard zoom control , and the popup that appears when you click on an entry from a geotagged feed .
It turns out that you can specify them all in XML files in the res / layout directory .
If they ’re not always visible , who cares ?
The zoomer takes care of its own visibility , and you can switch your own bits&pieces in and out of sight with view.
setVisibility , which the framework handles very intelligently .
Here ’s my XML :
< RelativeLayout xmlns:android= " http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android " android:id= " @+id/container " android:layout_width=" fill_parent " android:layout_height=" fill_parent " > < com.google.android.maps.MapView android:id= " @+id/mapper " android:layout_width=" fill_parent " android:layout_height=" fill_parent " android:enabled = " true " android:clickable = " true " android:apiKey = " ... secret elided ... " /> < LinearLayout android:id= " @+id/zoomer " android:layout_width=" wrap_content " android:layout_height =" wrap_content " android:layout_alignParentBottom=" true " android:layout_centerHorizontal=" true " /> < RelativeLayout android:id= " @+id/entrypopup " android:layout_width=" fill_parent " android:layout_height=" wrap_content " android : padding = " 10 px " android:visibility = " gone " android : background= " #80000000 " >
< TextView android:id= " @+id/title " android:layout_width=" fill_parent " android:layout_height=" wrap_content " android : text = " Entry Popup ... " android:textColor= " #ffffffff " android:textSize = " 18.5sp " />
< Button android:id= " @+id/buttonVisit " android : text = " Visit it " android:layout_width=" wrap_content " android:layout_height =" wrap_content " android:layout_below="@id/title " android:layout_alignParentRight=" true " android:layout_marginLeft=" 10 px " /> < Button android:id= " @+id/buttonCancel " android : text = " Do n’t visit " android:layout_width=" wrap_content " android:layout_height =" wrap_content " android:layout_below="@id/title " android:layout_toLeftOf="@id/buttonVisit " android:layout_marginLeft=" 10 px " /> </RelativeLayout > </ RelativeLayout >
Overlays Are Your Friends ·
If you want to decorate a map and interact with the decorations , ignore all the controlling and eventing calls on MapActivity and MapView , and go straight to Overlay .
You put all your map decorations in overlay .
draw and the framework takes care of the rest .
Be careful though : your overlay .
draw routine is going to get called an insanely huge number of times , so think about being as lazy as possible inside it .
I wasted an immense amount of time dealing with various kind of “ Touch ” events at various levels before I realized that overlay .
on Tap just Does The Right Thing and furthermore takes care of the translation between map and screen co-ordinates .
I suspect it will be helpful to show the core of my event - handling logic :
@ Override public boolean onTap ( GeoPoint point , MapView view ) { checkTolerance ( view ) ; // entry here ?
Entry e = finder.find( point.getLatitudeE6 ( ) , point.getLongitudeE6 ( ) ) ; if ( e != null ) { //
OK , they picked an entry ; show them the popup .
visitor.setEntry(e ) ; popup.setVisibility ( View.VISIBLE ) ; TextView text = ( TextView ) container.findViewById(R.id.title ) ; text.setText(e.title ( ) ) ; } return super .
on Tap ( point , view ) ; }
Pretty straightforward , eh ?
The only thing that ’s even remotely subtle is the checkTolerance call , which computes how “ close ” a touch to the location of an entry is considered to have hit it .
Since the bookkeeping is in geographical rather than screen units , this changes every time you zoom or unzoom .
They say you ’re supposed to return true if you ’ve “ handled ” the event , but doing so led to some odd and hard - to - reproduce breakage , letting the superclass have its chance never did .
The Zoomer ·
You have to do a little bit of extra work if you want people to zoom into and out of your programmatically - displayed maps .
I cribbed the answer from StackOverflow ; hey , the first time I ’ve linked there , I wonder if it ’s a trend .
Built in the final dark years of stadium design ( 1990 ) , the city of St. Petersburg wanted to attract a Major League baseball franchise .
Left vacant for a few years , the original occupying team was a hockey team ( Tampa Bay Lighting ) .
In 1995 the city ’s fortunes changed and the area was awarded the Rays who played their first game at the Trop in 1998 .
Often times the butt of many joke , one thing you have to give Tropicana Field is that it is both unique and innovative .
It was the first major league park to rip up that garbage known as Astroturf and replace it with Field Turf .
Since then every major sporting team with Astroturf has followed suit .
While the dome concept receives much criticism from baseball purists , it is a necessity as the heat and humidity of the area are unbearable during the summer months .
Since the dome was completed it has seen it ’s share of upgrades including a $ 70 million facelift in 1996 that brought the park up to MLB standards .
Brooklyn ’s Ebbets Field was the model for a new Rotunda that was constructed during this time ( most likely done to appeal to the mass number of displaced New Yorkers in metro Tampa ) .
In 2006 , beyond the right centerfield wall sits a 10,000 gallon live Ray tank ( for a small fee you can feed them ) , which is the ballparks signature .
2007 saw more improvements for the dome as new video boards were installed and the facility continued its tradition as being a leader in synthetic turf when they installed FieldTurfs latest update ( FieldTurf Duo ) .
The food at the Trop offers a smorgasbord of options .
Hot dogs , boiled peanuts , cuban sandwiches and a buffet in dead center field called the Batters Eye .
Local fast food chain Checkers has a picnic style place alongside the bullpen .
While the options are plentiful , the food quality decent .
Rick Vaughn who works in the Rays Public Relations department tells us that the signature dish at Tropicana Field is the Gordon Bierch Garlic Fries .
There are a decent number of imports and domestics beers offered but the Budweiser Brewhouse is your best bet for getting a solid brew .
Tampa
Bay is famous for two things , strip clubs and cigars .
The Trop pays homage to the latter with the only cigar bar in the majors at Cuesta - Rey .
Getting to the game is pretty simple as there are plenty of highways and options to get to the park .
Parking is simple as well , there is a very decent sized stadium parking lot .
As for pre and post game activities , there is one sports bars that caters to baseball fans that is within walking distance of the stadium .
Thankfully Ferg ’s Sports
Bar brings a pretty good game and is worth checking out .
Downtown St Pete is not too far and does offer a spattering of good places to enjoy the rest of your evening .
The Ray ’s are all about fan value this season .
Many games tickets start at $ 10 and offer free parking with cars that have 4 or more people .
The Rays have actually developed a page on their website devoted to their savings this season .
Tropicana
Field does have some of the best usher staffs in the industry .
They hook you with some better seats when the Ray ’s are playing in front of a lowly 10,000 fans .
St. Petersburg is a tremendous city with plenty of great actives .
The dome was poorly designed the first go around ( Catwalks that are in play ) but there have been some major updates to improve the fans experience .
Eventually city and state officials are going to realize a new stadium just makes a whole lot more sense than perpetually adding more and more lipstick .
As the battle over the status of the new Trop continues , we as fans are left with this : a stadium that really does have flashes of brilliance but all in all does not meet our standard for newer stadiums .
I do recommend going to a game at the Trop , the 10,000 sq foot Ted Williams museum is free with admission to the game and that alone is worth the trip .
Lets just hope the Ray ’s can remain relevant on the field and the elected suits have the foresight to give them a place to flourish in St. Petersburg .
Bars : Ferg ’s Sports Bar & Grill 1320 Central Ave ; The Independent 29 3rd st N ; Rec Room 151 2nd Ave N
Restaurants : Grill 121 121 2nd Avenue North ; Chaing MAI Thai 1100 Central Ave ; Dome Grill Inc. 561 Central Ave ; Ceviche Tapas 10 Beach Dr NE
Hotels : Pier Hotel 253 2nd Ave N ; Renaissance Vinoy Resort 501 5th Ave NE ; Hampton Inn & Suites 80 Beach Dr NE
About The Author Matt Cronin is an avid graphic designer , web designer / developer , Cocoa programmer , photographer , digital artist , and the like .
He also enjoys writing , and does … More about Matt Cronin …
Showcase Of Well - Designed Tabbed Navigation
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
There are an extensive amount of roads you can take in web design , specifically in navigation .
Here , we will talk about one specific navigation technique , tab - based navigation .
If properly carried out , tabbed navigation can be very clean and organized within a web layout .
[ Links checked February / 10/2017 ]
So what is tabbed navigation ?
Well , it is essentially a set of buttons most often set horizontally .
Tabs generally follow numerous different styling guidelines .
First , a tab set usually is attached to or slightly protrudes from a container , like in the example below .
Also , notice how the open tab matches the background color of the container , and the other buttons are darker .
This is another common styling guideline .
When you look at tabbed navigations , you will also notice many styling trends .
First , many tabs will have rounded corners on buttons .
This helps to create a clean look .
Also helping to make a clean look is the use of separation between buttons .
Most designs use space to separate buttons , but a bevel , single line , or background color contrast will also look nicely .
There are an extensive amount of roads you can take in web design , specifically in navigation .
Here , we will talk about one specific navigation technique , tab - based navigation .
If properly carried out , tabbed navigation can be very clean and organized within a web layout .
So what is tabbed navigation ?
Well , it is essentially a set of buttons most often set horizontally .
Tabs generally follow numerous different styling guidelines .
First , a tab set usually is attached to or slightly protrudes from a container , like in the example below .
Also , notice how the open tab matches the background color of the container , and the other buttons are darker .
This is another common styling guideline .
When you look at tabbed navigations , you will also notice many styling trends .
First , many tabs will have rounded corners on buttons .
This helps to create a clean look .
Also helping to make a clean look is the use of separation between buttons .
Most designs use space to separate buttons , but a bevel , single line , or background color contrast will also look nicely .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
You will also see the use of hover effects , which is a common usability characteristic of the tabbed navigation .
Gradients , radial and linear , help to achieve an impressve hover effect that brings dimension to the button that the user is selecting .
Actually , you will notice that many tab buttons , selected or not , will use a slight gradient to add depth and demension to the button .
This is a very simple detail often used to bring extra styling to many different user interface elements , such as buttons .
The most important aspect in the design of tabbed navigation is that the active tab needs to be clear and obvious .
This is what separates a tabbed navigation from an ordinary horizontal row of buttons or hyperlinks .
So , with all of that in mind , take a look at these 50 excellent tabbed - navigations shown below .
Look for the trends , and follow the link to further inspect the usability of the tabbed navigation and how it looks with the rest of the design .
Good Tab Based Navigation in 2009
ExpressionEngine
This tab set is beautifully styled .
It uses a bevel to seperate tabs , large buttons , and clean typography with icons .
Astratos Another tab navigation that is clean because of rounded corners and use of a gradient to style .
WorldCat Rounded corners and clean separation .
Veer
These tabs have beautiful styling .
Notice the use of different colors and a drop shadow for separation purposes .
365 Days of Astronomy Use of different colors and a drop shadow to separate the tabs not in use .
Wire & Twine
This is some excellent texture use with a clean layout .
Komodo A good example of tabs used in a module .
Inkd Good styling and usable because of size and separation .
Kinder - Aktuell Good gradient use and separation .
FidesVita Tabs used with a sub navigation .
Apple Movie Trailers
Excellent styling and a strong example of a vertical tab layout .
PBwiki Simple yet clean tabs .
Fancast Another vertical tab set up , this time used in a slider instead of content navigation .
Mint Tabs used in a very content heavy module
District Solutions Vertical tabs are used very rarely .
But they can look good !
23andMe Good coloring and use of a border to differentiate the tabs from the body background .
Tumblon Very clean tabs with a border .
STUDIO7DESIGNS
This tab styling uses a gradient for a cool fading appearance , and a sub navigation is included .
WWD A simple yet usable tab system with a sub navigation .
Ministry of Sound
On this tab system , a gradient is used to add depth to the selected button .
Disambiguity
Use of rounded corners and a strong color difference to separate the tabs not in use .
Concentric Studio
A very simple and usable tab navigation .
Domestika A vertical tab layout with coloring .
crowdSPRING
A simple tab system .
This one uses a large size as well as a different color to make the selected button pop .
Ready Made
A well - styled tabbed navigation .
The Mindset Game Another very simple and easy tab navigation that works perfectly .
nclud A little bit different tab setup that only styles the selected button .
The Invoice Machine
The navigation below uses a strong color difference , usable buttons , and borders to separate tabs from the rest of the design .
FreeAgent A good example of the background of the container flowing with the button .
Web Notes
This is very organized , and it appears to tab down instead of up like most .
Magpie Does n’t get much more simple than this , but still a good example .
Two December Nice styling that works perfectly with the rest of the layout .
Lanbruck ’s
Another very beautiful tab layout , notice the slight hover effect that can be seen on the second tab over .
LittleLines
This is one of the better examples of styling in this showcase because of the gradients to add dimension to the buttons and strong borders .
Thuiven A very nice color harmony and contrast between the selected tab and the others .
Headscape Another button that uses a gradient to fade out , creating an awesome appearance .
Space Collective
Very simple but functional at the same time .
Jobs on the Wall More brilliant styling , these tabs fit perfectly with the other elements on the site .
Designsensory
Very basic styling with strong colors and a sub navigation .
Ad Fed Here is another smooth and visually appealing tab navigation set .
Hoefler and Frere - Jones
Use of slanted sides instead of rounded corners makes this tab - based navigation interesting and unique .
Revolution Drviving Brilliant button backgrounds that are n’t over the top make these tabs really great .
City of Grace A good example of tabs that work nice colors into a usable layout .
Seventeen people were arrested in Curacao for alleged involvement in a drug trafficking ring with connections to Hezbollah , police in the Dutch Caribbean island said today .
The suspects detained yesterday include four people from Lebanon and others from Curacao , Cuba , Venezuela and Colombia , police chief Carlos Casseres said at a news conference .
Some of the proceeds , funneled through informal Middle Eastern banks , went toward supporting groups linked to the militant Hezbollah organization in Lebanon , according to Casseres .
The smuggling ring also allegedly forwarded requests from Lebanon for arms to be shipped from South America .
" We have been able to establish that this group has relations with international criminal organizations that have connections with the Hezbollah , " prosecutor Ludmila Vicento said .
Island officials said the US and the Netherlands are helping them to investigate the alleged Hezbollah connection .
Two shipments of cocaine totaling 2,000 kilograms ( 4,400 pounds ) have been seized from the ring in Curacao since the beginning of last year .
The traffickers used cargo ships and speed boats to import the drugs from Colombia and Venezuela for shipment to Africa and beyond to Europe , according to Curacao authorities .
Several countries including the United States participated in the investigation leading to the arrests .
Authorities with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the US consulate in Curacao said they could not immediately comment on the case .
YouTube is blocking most of its music videos from UK viewers after negotiations with British royalty collectors turned sour .
The Performing Rights Society ( PRS ) for Music , a group representing artists and publishers , and YouTube both blame each other entirely for the impasse , of course .
Patrick Walker , YouTube 's top pact - maker in Europe said in a blog post today that the site will block all " premium " music videos in the UK until it can strike up a new contract with PRS that is " economically sustainable . "
" But PRS is now asking us to pay many , many times more for our license than before , " he wrote .
" The costs are simply prohibitive for us - under PRS 's proposed terms we would lose significant amounts of money with every playback . "
He also claims PRS is unwilling to even tell the video streaming site what songs are included in the licensing renewal being negotiated .
Walker claims the deal is " like asking a consumer to buy an unmarked CD without knowing what musicians are on it . "
PRS appears to have been taken off guard by YouTube 's sudden yanking of content .
Shortly after the site said it 's pulling UK music videos , PRS chief Steve Porter announced he was " shocked and disappointed " to receive a call late in the afternoon informing him of YouTube 's drastic action .
The music group claims YouTube wants to pay " significantly less than at present to the writers of the music on which their service relies , despite the massive increase in YouTube viewing . "
PRS said YouTube 's decision to block music videos in the UK was done in the middle of licensing negotiations , and urged the site to reconsider " as a matter of urgency . "
As a jab — apparently to show that YouTube should have plenty of money to spend on fees — PRS noted the site 's parent company Google made $ 5.7bn in revenues in the last quarter of 2008 .
The situation draws obvious parallels to how the automated streaming music service Pandora decided to block UK listeners in early 2008 because it could n't afford a license with PRS and music labels .
Pandora had attempted to work with copyright holders from the outset , as opposed to YouTube , which only more recently has been scoring licensing deals in an effort to generate more revenue .
But YouTube is the most popular online video streaming site out there — so it certainly begs the question of who can earn enough money in the biz if YouTube can't ?
Yanking content off streaming sites appears to be an increasingly common negotiating ploy for both sides of the table .
In December 2008 , Warner Music Group began removing its videos from YouTube after claiming it was n't getting enough cut of the profit .
Apparently companies are betting customer outrage will spur the other side to bend to their demands .
But when customers can get their content elsewhere easier ( and often illegally , where nobody gets paid ) the licensing e-tantrum can certainly backfire on both . ®
Years after the HAL ( Hybrid Assistive Limb ) suit first debuted , it seems that Cyberdyne 's pride and joy is about to get really real .
According to a report over at HPlus Magazine , the company is linking up with Daiwa House in order to " begin mass production " of the cybernetic bodysuit .
You already know what it does -- inflates the ego , boosts your strength and scores you loads of nerd dates -- but here 's the crucial part : $ 4,200 .
Of course , there 's no hard date on when the first of the 400 annual units produced will be made available , but we 'd probably get up with someone about a pre-order if you 're serious about going bionic .
[ Thanks , Phil ]
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Hillary Clinton raised eyebrows on her first visit to Europe as secretary of state when she mispronounced her EU counterparts ’ names and claimed U.S. democracy was older than Europe’s .
Clinton has set herself a grueling pace on visits to Egypt , Israel and Brussels soon after touring the Far East , attending dozens of meetings and giving speech after speech , with little time worked into her schedule for sleep .
Tiredness appeared to show Friday when she answered questions in front of 500 young Europeans at the European Parliament , where she was the highest - ranking U.S. visitor since the late U.S. President Ronald Reagan in 1985 .
A veteran politician , Clinton compared the complex European political environment to that of the two - party U.S. system , before adding :
“ I have never understood multiparty democracy .
“ It is hard enough with two parties to come to any resolution , and I say this very respectfully , because I feel the same way about our own democracy , which has been around a lot longer than European democracy . ”
The remark provoked much headshaking in the parliament of a bloc that likes to trace back its democratic tradition thousands of years to the days of classical Greece .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
One working lunch later with EU leaders , Clinton raised more eyebrows when she referred to EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana , who stood beside her , as “ High Representative Solano . ”
She also dubbed European Commission External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero - Waldner as “ Benito . ”
Still , Clinton has been well received in Brussels , where the Obama administration has been viewed as a breath of fresh air after the unpopular leadership of George W. Bush .
His secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , often drew protests on her travels .
Fellow foreign ministers stood and applauded Clinton ’s presentation at a meeting with NATO counterparts Thursday and extra space had to be set aside for a spillover audience of 800 at the European Parliament .
Parliament President Hans - Gert Poettering was effusive in his praise , saying that with the new administration , the United States and Europe once again “ share the same values . ”
“ What you said mostly could have been said by a European , ” he told Clinton after she fielded questions ranging from climate change to energy security and aid to Africa and one on gay rights from a participant wearing an “ I love Hillary ” t- shirt .
( Additional reporting by Sue Pleming , Sarah Luehrs and Darren
Ennis ; Editing by Giles Elgood )
This LOST cake was made for the cast and crew of the show by Charm City Cakes ( of Ace of Cakes fame ) to celebrate the series ' 100th episode , which airs tonight .
It has been more than four years since that fateful airliner , Oceanic Flight 815 , crashed onto an Island on September 22nd , 2004 .
After 99 episodes full of ominous mythology , startling discoveries , shocking cliffhangers , buried secrets , and stunning character development - we have reached the 100 episode milestone .
Nice -- 100 episodes and we still do n't know jackshit .
Or do we ?
Rearrange the letters in ' black smoke ' and what do you get ?
Exactly , fondant .
BOOM , mystery solved .
Bigger picture HERE .
Lostpedia ( which , if you 're a LOST fan and did n't know about , you 've been missing out )
Thanks to Chris and Matt , who once Bermuda Triangled with a special magnetic field and then next thing you know babies , black smoke , mysterious civilization , time travel and a whole bunch of other boom - shacka - lacka .
Penn State Assistant Professor of Biology Tracy Langkilde has shown that native fence lizards in the southeastern United States are adapting to potentially fatal invasive fire - ant attacks by developing behaviors that enable them to escape from the ants , as well as by developing longer hind legs , which can increase the effectiveness of this behavior .
" Not only does this finding provide biologists with an example of evolution in action , but it also provides wildlife managers with knowledge that they can use to develop plans for managing invasive species , " said Langkilde .
The results will be described in a paper to be published later this month in the journal Ecology .
Fire ants from South America , which were introduced to the United States accidentally in the 1930s , often will attack a fence lizard that has wandered onto their mound in order to protect their home .
But the ants also have been observed attacking lizards that are nowhere near their mound .
" Fire ants need protein , especially for their developing brood , " said Langkilde .
" It takes just 12 of them less than a minute to kill a three - inch - long fence lizard .
In fact , they have even been known to eat animals as large as calves , stripping them down to their bones . "
Langkilde conducted an experiment in which she compared the responses to fire ant attacks of lizards that were collected from four different sites : one that had not yet been invaded by fire ants and ones that were invaded by fire ants 23 , 54 , and 68 years ago .
Her goal was to determine whether the amount of time since invasion influences the ways in which lizards respond to attacks .
To conduct the experiment , she first captured lizards from the four different sites using a little noose tied to the end of a pole .
" Luckily , the lizards rely on camouflage to avoid being eaten .
When they see you they lie really still , and this makes it easier to slip the noose over their heads , " said Langkilde .
Next , she located a naturally occuring fire ant - mound .
By dragging a stick across the top of the mound , she encouraged a few ants to come out .
" We did n't want the ants to kill the lizards , so we had to be careful not to disturb the mound so much that hundreds of ants would come out , " said Langkilde .
" No lizards were injured during our trials . "
Langkilde then encouraged the lizards to run onto the ant mound and observed their behavior as the ants crawled around on their bodies looking for scales to lift up .
Once the ants have exposed a lizard 's soft flesh , they will inject a neuromuscular venom into its skin that can paralyze and kill the animal .
" The lizards can survive this attack by twitching to flick off the ants and then by running away from the mound , " said Langkilde .
" We found that the lizards from sites that have been invaded the longest were more likely than the lizards from sites that have not yet been invaded to perform this survival behavior .
Many of the lizards from the uninvaded site and the most recently invaded site just sat there with their eyes closed while the ants attacked , " said Langkilde , who stopped the experiment after 60 seconds to prevent any of the lizards from dying .
To determine if hind - leg length influences the success of the twitching and running lizards in getting away from the ants , Langkilde measured the hind - leg lengths of all of the lizards .
She found that , indeed , the lizards with the longest hind legs were the most successful at getting away from ants .
She also discovered that lizard leg length appears to be inherited from an individual 's parents .
Langkilde concluded that the lizards living near fire ants are developing behaviors to increase their survival and are evolving longer hind legs in response to attacks by fire ants .
In the future , Langkilde plans to study the mechanism behind the behavioral changes following invasion .
Non-responsive lizards tend to be killed and removed from the gene pool .
" Non -responsive lizards are less likely to make it to reproductive age when they would be capable of passing their non-reacting , short - legged genes on to offspring , " she said .
Langkilde intends to investigate whether adult lizards can learn to twitch and run away from ants and whether babies that are born with the ability to survive ant attacks can lose this ability if they do not use it .
This research was supported by the Gaylord Donnelley Environmental Fellowship , the Eppley Foundation for Research , the National Geographic Society , and the American Museum of Natural History .
ABA Standards are Too Liberal According to the Press
According to a New York Times legal analysis , conservatives have a hard time getting appointed to the courts because the ABA has a liberal bias .
The bar association is , after all , a private trade association , not an arm of the government .
It takes public and generally liberal positions on all sorts of divisive issues .
And studies suggest that candidates nominated by Democratic presidents fare better in the group ’s ratings than those nominated by Republicans .
So after the reactionary right ( and the Federalist Society ) has stuffed the court with judges that would agree with Attila the Hun on most issues , it 's time to worry about whether the ABA can't give the " conservatives " ( aka , the Alberto Gonzales level of judicial quality ) a fair shake ?
Funny how Reagan did n't worry about the bias of the ABA .
It 's only when it came to the Bush White House when Justice took a back seat to reactionary politics did the ABA become controversial .
Evidently Mr. ADAM LIPTAK has some good sources to have such an insightful story about how the ABA can't be sufficiently impartial when assessing the quality of judicial candidates .
Because we need more Clarence Thomas 'es on the courts .
Does Liptak really believe this claptrap or is he just sucking up to the Washington Right ?
What do you do when your politics suck , your politicians have been repudiated and thrown out of office , all your ideas have proved disastrous , and the public hates you ?
Well , if you had even the slightest shred of integrity , you 'd apologize , fix your politics , and start all over again .
Of course , regressives in America do n't quite meet that latter test .
So maybe I better rephrase .
What do you do when your politics suck , your politicians have been repudiated and thrown out of office , all your ideas have proved disastrous , the public hates you , AND you do n't have even the slightest shred of integrity ?
Ah , well that 's easy .
You just start fabricating reality .
And that is precisely what regressives are now doing .
Of course , this is not exactly a news flash .
Remember how Ronald Reagan defeated the Soviets and won the Cold War ?
Remember how " the adults were back in charge " when George W. Bush came to Washington ?
Without deceit , about seventy percent of the content of right - wing politics would immediately disappear .
( The other thirty percent is just pure bullying . )
Just the same , it 's remarkable the degree to which regressives have gone completely off the deep - end lately , and are now absolutely just making it up as they go .
As usual , Dick Cheney sets the gold standard .
In this case , not only for telling tall tales , but also just for being such a completely tacky ( alleged ) human being .
Cheney is even making George W. Bush look good by comparison , as the latter has had the decency ( or is it fear ? ) not to attack the new administration in its first months .
I guess Cheney , who went out of office with single - digit approval ratings , is seeking to determine just how utterly despised a politician can be ( hint : Mussolini was shot , hung upside - down on meathooks , and then stoned by an angry public ) .
Are negative numbers a possibility here ?
Can more people hate you than there are people ?
If anyone can do it , it would certainly be the Dick .
Nowadays the guy is running all over creation telling anyone who'll listen that Barack Obama 's foreign and defense policies constitute a threat to American national security .
The great irony here is that Obama is basically running the same set of ugly policies that the Bush administration employed , and sometimes even going them one better when it comes to shredding the Bill of Rights .
True , Obama has said that he will close down Guantanamo - not that he is setting those prisoners free to go party in Vegas , mind you - but otherwise just about the only significant change I can see between the two administrations on security policy is that the current one seems to want to fight actual enemies of the United States , rather than fabricated ones sitting on top of oceans of oil .
Good grace dictates that Cheney should just shut up .
More to the point for this discussion , however , when it comes to the substance of his assertions , he 's just making it up as he goes .
So is the latest right wing media freak du jour , Glenn Beck , who has been on a tirade of late telling his audience that Obama has a secret plan to take away their guns .
Let 's leave aside for the moment the fact that we actually live in a country where it 's legal to buy assault rifles .
And let 's leave aside for the moment the fact that even George W. Bush claimed he was opposed to that policy .
All that aside , I am completely unaware of any actual evidence that the Obama administration has any plans to mess with gun control in America .
Much to my chagrin , in fact , it seems pretty transparent that he has absolutely no interest in spending the enormous political capital that would be required to go after this issue , even if it was something that interested him , for which there is also absolutely no evidence that I 'm aware of .
This is even more embarrassingly stupid than the notion that Bill Clinton killed Vince Foster .
There is n't even a dead body to explain .
But it actually gets a whole lot weirder from here .
Ralph Peters is a columnist for the New York Post and is described as a " strategic analyst " for Fox " News " .
That 's pretty much all you need to know about the guy 's level of expertise .
But his latest column provides an astonishing tour de force lesson in how to fabricate hysterically when the facts inconveniently do n't fit your politics .
Did you know that Barack Obama 's recent European and Middle Eastern tour was a complete disaster , and that he apologized for America everywhere he went ?
Did you know that Obama went to Turkey " on his knees " and " gave his seal of approval to a pungently anti American Islamist government " ?
You know , the same government of the same country that has been a key US NATO ally for decades , and is one of Israel 's best friends ?
Did you know that Obama made " disdainful remarks " about George W. Bush ?
Did you know that " he told the Europeans that the global economic crisis is all our fault " ?
Did you know " He gave the Russians yet another blank check , too .
( Meanwhile , in Moscow , Putin 's thugs beat an aging pro democracy dissident to a pulp . ) " ?
Did you ?
Personally , I did n't know any of this stuff !
Possibly because it is completely untrue .
When Peters refers to the dissident - beating thugs of this " Putin " guy , does he mean the same Putin whose eyes George W. Bush looked into and saw a good - hearted soul ?
That Putin ?
Now that was some tough , skilled diplomacy right there , babe .
All in all , this is really remarkable stuff .
If Peters argued that Obama had actually gone to the Gamma Quadrant , rather than Europe , and apologized to American - hating , socialist aliens , his tirade could n't be any more hallucinatory than it is .
It 's really quite astonishing .
These guys are clearly starting out with the conclusion that President Obama is badly failing , and then scrambling to fabricate ' facts ' out of whole cloth in order to support that assertion , since reality is inconveniently spitting in their faces .
And they 're doing it on national television , no less .
Another wonderful example comes from some lunatic named William Murchison .
He 's real unhappy that gay marriage is on the march in America .
So unhappy , in fact , that he 's decided to simply fabricate it out of existence .
He writes : " You really can't have ' gay marriage , ' you know , irrespective of what a court or a legislature may say .
...
The human race - sorry ladies , sorry gents - understands marriage as a compact reinforcing social survival and projection .
It has always been so .
It will always be so , even if every state Supreme Court pretended to declare that what is n't suddenly is .
Life does not work in this manner . "
Believe it or not , it actually gets more bizarre from there .
Fundamentally , Murchison argues that gay marriage cannot exist because it does n't serve the purpose of procreation , and he therefore even goes on to take shots at married heterosexuals who fail to reproduce , calling that " so odd a thing , to put the matter as generously as possible " .
Addressing the Iowa Supreme Court justices who disagree with him , he writes : " These learned folk tell us earnestly that the right to ' equal protection of the law ' necessitates a makeover of marriage .
And so , by golly , get with it , you cretins !
Be it ordered that .
One can say without too much fear of contradiction that people who set themselves up as the sovereign arbiters of reality are - would ' nutty ' be the word ? "
Get it ?
Because Murchison sees marriage solely for the purpose of procreation , not only does he get to decide who can marry , he even gets to pretend that there 's no such thing as other forms of marriage outside of his narrow , bigoted and historically inaccurate definition of the term .
If the guy is willing to say there 's no such thing as gay marriage , why does n't he just get it over with and say there 's no such thing as gays ?
Or Democrats ?
Or presidents named Obama ?
I mean , if you 're going to do denial , why not do it right ?
There is a whole lot more of this stuff , everywhere you turn .
But I guess my favorite example is given to us by a guy you may have heard of before - a certain Karl Rove .
Rove is really upset - and understandably so if you 're familiar with his gentle biography - at the notion that the Obama administration might actually use leverage , or remember who its friends are , when it comes to playing legislative politics in America .
So upset , in fact , that he devoted his entire last column in the Wall Street Journal ( natch ) to a single heinously egregious incident of this .
According to Rove , Representative Peter DeFazio got a taste of the presidential backhand when he voted against the stimulus bill .
According to Rove , at a subsequent closed - door meeting Obama told fellow Democrat DeFazio , " Do n't think we 're not keeping score , brother " .
Oooooohh !
Ouch !
Now that 's some rough stuff , eh ?
Of course , we do n't know if Obama actually said that .
And we do n't know if he said it in jest , either .
But , just for the sake of argument , let 's assume that it all went down in the way Karl Rove reports it .
Does that seem like a case of particularly tough politics to you ?
Does that seem like a president who is really playing some serious hardball ?
Does that seem like something that does n't happen every five minutes in Washington , and arguably should happen ?
More importantly , does that seem like something that the Karl Rove that we 've all come to know and love this last decade would really have a problem with ?
Does it seem like a tawdry , pugilistic , or despotic behavior , far below anything Rove himself could imagine employing ?
One answer to those questions comes from Ron Suskind , who wrote a piece about Rove in 2003 .
It 's worth quoting at some length :
" Eventually , I met with Rove .
I arrived at his office a few minutes early , just in time to witness the Rove Treatment , which , like LBJ 's famous browbeating style , is becoming legend but is seldom reported .
Rove 's assistant , Susan Ralston , said he'd be just a minute .
She 's very nice , witty and polite .
Over her shoulder was a small back room where a few young men were toiling away .
I squeezed into a chair near the open door to Rove 's modest chamber , my back against his doorframe .
" Inside , Rove was talking to an aide about some political stratagem in some state that had gone awry and a political operative who had displeased him .
I paid it no mind and reviewed a jotted list of questions I hoped to ask .
But after a moment , it was like ignoring a tornado flinging parked cars .
" We will fuck him .
Do you hear me ?
We will fuck him .
We will ruin him .
Like no one has ever fucked him ! "
As a reporter , you get around - curse words , anger , passionate intensity are not notable events - but the ferocity , the bellicosity , the violent imputations were , well , shocking .
This went on without a break for a minute or two .
Then the aide slipped out looking a bit ashen , and Rove , his face ruddy from the exertions of the past few moments , looked at me and smiled a gentle , Clarence the Angel smile .
' Come on in . '
And I did .
And we had the most amiable chat for a half hour . "
Of course , we could go on and on in describing the sort of hardball politics that Karl Rove used over and over again in order to win at all costs .
Stuff that Barack Obama would never dream of touching .
Stuff like creating rumors that Ann Richards was a lesbian .
Stuff like spreading lies that John McCain had fathered a black baby out of wedlock .
Stuff like scheduling the Iraq vote right before the midterm elections .
Stuff like running ads against triple - amputee Vietnam vet Max Cleland , morphing his face into Osama bin Laden's .
Stuff like that .
When a guy who 's capable of this and so much more worries out loud that Barack Obama is a tyrant because maybe he made a mental note of a member of his party letting him down on a key vote , you really have to ask yourself what 's going on here .
Clearly what is n't going on here is that Rove and the regressive right have any sort of genuine concern about fair play and benighted sweetness and light in the practice of politics .
Just as clearly , what is going on is that a political ideology that has exhausted its viability has now turned to wholesale fabrication in a desperate attempt to make the old voodoo work again .
Yep , it 's ugly out there , people .
But there is good news in the land , nevertheless .
First , what seemed false and idiotic and pernicious only to progressives five years ago now thankfully seems false and idiotic and pernicious to most Americans today .
And it is therefore well that the practitioners of these gutter politics continue their practice .
Indeed , the more their desperation compels them in frequency and in absurdity , the better our hopes of transcending the threat of regressive politics forever .
Clearly , and finally , as Bush and Rove themselves demonstrate , they are their own worst enemies .
Second , like any good regressive should be expected to do , they have now pulled out their forks and knives and are busy eating their young .
The regressive movement and its chief political agent , the Republican Party , have never been busier attacking each other and slashing each other to bits .
Just last weekend the Virginia GOP had a civil war over what to do with their state chairman , truly a junior version of Michael Steele , and every bit as buffoonish .
He 's now gone , and it probably wo n't be long before Steele is gone as well , as Republicans seek to join the Know Nothings in the ash bin of history .
Yes , as a matter of fact , it is Rush 's party now .
I , for one , could n't be happier .
Finally , the public increasingly just has no use for these sick puppies .
Go figure , eh ?
A lunatic in Pittsburgh killed three cops with his AK - 47 the other day , because he believed that President Obama was going to take away his guns .
Hard to figure why some folks might decide not to watch Glenn Beck henceforth .
A New York Times poll released this week shows that only 27 percent of Americans have a favorable opinion of the Republican Party .
Fifty - six percent have a favorable opinion of the Democrats , and , hey , those guys are weenies !
When asked which party is more concerned with the needs of people like themselves , Americans picked the Democrats over the Republicans , fifty - seven percent to twenty - two percent .
They trust Obama to make the right decisions about the economy , sixty - three percent to twenty percent for the Republicans .
And , remarkably , they trust Obama over the Republicans even on national security issues , sixty - one to twenty - seven percent .
Can you say " finished " ?
When the GOP is getting clobbered more than two - to - one even on their stock - in - trade scary - movie security issues , the show 's over , folks .
That does n't mean we wo n't continue to see outrageous fabrications of the sort chronicled above , as the regressive movement writhes through its painful and self - inflicted death throes .
It just means that such a display will lean rather more towards the comical than - as in recent years - the catastrophic .
_______
About author David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( dmg@regressiveantidote.net ) , but regrets that time constraints do not always allow him to respond .
More of his work can be found at his website , www.regressiveantidote.net
Following is an alphabetically sorted list of popular Web 2.0 applications .
The description for each of the application is taken from their own About or FAQ pages .
43 Things
43 Things is great for making a list of goals .
It ’s a way of connecting with other enthusiasts interested in everything from watching a space shuttle launch to grow my own vegetables .
Allmydata
Allmydata harnesses the power of grid storage technology to securely store your email , photos , music , movies and more .
Backpack
Make a page out of an idea .
Then add free - form text , to - dos , notes , photos , files .
Share pages with other people .
Set email and mobile phone reminders so you do n't forget .
Basecamp
Basecamp is a unique project collaboration tool .
Projects do n't fail from a lack of charts , graphs , or reports , they fail from a lack of communication and collaboration .
Basecamp makes it simple to communicate and collaborate on projects .
BlinkList
Import and manage Your Bookmarks - in the Blink of an Eye. Create Watch lists to See What Your Friends Are Discovering Online .
Follow the Wisdom of Crowds and Discover What 's Hot Now .
Blogniscient
We categorize and rank blog articles and blogs in real time , providing up - to - date information on the hottest blog entries .
CalendarHub
Create a Calendar That You Can Access from Anywhere .
Keep it private , share it with others or publish it on the Web
Central Desktop
Central Desktop is ideal for teams and businesses that operate in distributed locations or virtual office environments .
clipmarks
Clip and save just the stuff you want from any web page .
Create your personal online collection of clipmarks .
Tag them with keywords , add your own comments and share them with friends .
Search the Public Clipmarks to see what 's being clipped and who is clipping it .
Democracy 2.0
Democracy 2.0 is a political science research project dedicated to effecting Pervasive Democracy and direct , nonpartisan resolution of community issues in U.S. states and localities .
Digg
Digg is a technology news website that combines social bookmarking , blogging , RSS , and non-hierarchical editorial control .
With digg , users submit stories for review , but rather than allow an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage , the users do .
del.icio.us
del.icio.us is a collection of favorites - yours and everyone else 's .
Use del.icio.us to keep links , share favorites with friends , family , and colleagues , discover new things .
Findory
Our personalization technology builds a homepage for each reader , recommending content based on what they 've read and what new content is being published .
We crawl through thousands of news and blogs articles so you do n't have to .
Flickr
Flickr - almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world - has two main goals : 1 . We want to help people make their photos available to the people who matter to them .
2 . We want to enable new ways of organizing photos .
gabbr
Instead of having multiple blogs across multiple sites , gabbr allows bloggers from all types of blogs to submit their thoughts for discussion in a centralized location .
The blog entries are also mirrored on the original blog authors website .
Gmail
Gmail is an experiment in a new kind of webmail , built on the idea that you should never have to delete mail and you should always be able to find the message you want .
Google Maps
Maps are great for getting around , but online maps could be a lot better .
So Google decided to make dynamic , interactive maps that are draggable — no clicking and waiting for graphics to reload each time you want to view the adjacent parts of a map .
Kiko
Slow , featureless online calendars are so Web 1.0 .
Kiko is a cool new web calendar that delivers all the functionality of desktop calendar software , and all the convenience of online access .
And it 's free !
meebo
We hope that meebo makes everyone ’s online life a little easier ( and more fun ! ) by aggregating all of your IM accounts in one place , cleaning up all of your chat windows into a single window , and the best part -- no software .
memeorandum
The Web is humming with discussions on politics and current affairs .
memeorandum is page A1 for these conversations .
Auto - updated every 5 minutes , it uncovers the most relevant items from thousands of news sites and weblogs .
Netvibes
Netvibes.com is a customizable web 2.0 homepage solution .
This service is free and gives you the user the ability :
To create a personalized page with the content you like .
To put together data feeds and services from web 2.0 applications with a very simple interface .
To access your page anytime and from any computer .
Omnidrive
Omnidrive is what you expect hosted storage to be - easy to use , accessible from anywhere and unrestrictive .
Omnidrive will make your life easier by allowing you to store , access and stream your files from almost any web connected platform .
Protopage
Protopage = personalized news + sticky notes + bookmarks , all on one page .
Use it to catch up with news from hundreds of sources .
Put color coded sticky notes , todo lists and reminders .
Keep your frequently accessed bookmarks .
Share parts of your page with friends , or keep it private .
Rallypoint
Rallypoint is a powerful online collaboration service that can be used to create , organize and share your company 's knowledge .
It enables you to build web - based documents and pages to share with your team members or other teams .
reddit
A source for what 's new and popular on the web -- personalized for you .
We want to democratize the traditional model by giving editorial control to the people who use the site , not those who run it .
Your votes train a filter , so let reddit know what you liked and disliked , because you 'll begin to be recommended links filtered to your tastes .
Remember The Milk
Remember The Milk is the easiest and best way to manage your to - do lists online .
Sharing , publishing , notes ... we 've got it all .
Receive reminders via email , instant messenger , and SMS .
It 's free .
Shadows
Shadows is a social bookmarking service for discovering , sharing and managing information on the web .
Shadows supercharges this information with a " Shadow Page " — a community blog for any web page that includes views , ratings , tags , and comments by you , your friends and the Shadows community .
start
this site is not an officially supported site .
it is an incubation experiment and does n't represent any particular strategy or policy .
for other incubation experiments , see http://sandbox.msn.com.
enjoy !
Ta-da
Ta - da makes it easy to ...
Keep track of all the little things you need to get done , Make lists for other people ( co- workers , friends , family ) , Share lists with the world ( " My favorite movies of 2004 " ) , Subscribe to your lists in RSS so you 're always on track .
TailRank
TailRank finds the best content from thousands of blogs so you do n't have to .
TailRank is a small startup based out of San Francisco which has plenty of cool ideas and too much free time .
Topix
Topix.net was founded in 2002 with the specific mission of providing users the ability to quickly and easily find targeted news on the Internet .
With thousands of news sources continually releasing stories twenty - four hours a day , finding relevant news can often be a time consuming task .
voo2do
Advanced task and priority management for busy , ambitious individuals .
voo2do tracks priority , due date , and time estimates for each task .
There is no notion of " lists " in voo2 do — tasks can be grouped by project , but you can view and edit a bunch of projects together .
Voo2 do does not yet support sharing your tasks with other people .
Writeboard
Writeboard makes it easy to ...
Write without fear of losing or overwriting a good idea Compare different versions of a document Collaborate with colleagues on copy , proposals , memos , etc. Subscribe to documents via RSS and be notified of changes .
Writely
Writely allows you to edit documents online with whomever you choose , and then publish and blog them online .
Xdrive
5 GB to unlimited gigabytes of online storage .
Accessible from any web browser .
Easy , efficient file sharing .
Protect critical data from crashes and viruses .
The best solution for storing and sharing online .
Zoho
Online tool to create a document , edit in your way , and share with anyone .
Access Anywhere , Share , do n't attach , Generate PDF / DOC / HTML , Create and edit document in your way , Load your existing documents , Multi lingual Support , No more duplicates , Post to your Blog .
Zoto
On Zoto , you can safely store an. organize an unlimited number of digital photos , with total control over who has access to which of your photos .
You can share your photos with family and friends through albums and slideshows .
You can quickly and easily publish photos to your blog .
If you know of any popular Web 2.0 applications that are missing from the above list , please post it as a comment and we will keep this list going .
Also let me know if you found this list useful .
Update ( Friday Jan 20th , 08:30 PM ) :
This post got dugg to the front page of digg.com sometime yesterday morning .
I appreciate all you comments and diggs .
This list would not be “ complete ” without your comments .
While posting I had intended to update the list with more applications that you suggest .
But I ’m overwhelmed with the number of sites in the comment section .
I apologize that I do n’t have enough time to research and get information about all of them .
I recommend that all readers read through the comments to discover more Web 2.0 applications .
