As part of our comprehensive E3 covereage , Playstation Lifestyle has for you video of The Saboteur in action !
This footage showcases a mission in which the main character , Sean Devlin , blows up an enemy location , then must evade his pursuers and hide in an unexpected location .
Enjoy .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hje7gJpy-rc[/youtube]
Ted Kramer 's wife leaves him , allowing for a lost bond to be rediscovered between Ted and his son , Billy .
But a heated custody battle ensues over the divorced couple 's son , deepening the wounds left by the separation .
The world 's greatest ever playwright , William Shakespeare , is young , out of ideas and short of cash , but meets his ideal woman and is inspired to write one of his most famous plays .
The life of the lawyer who became the famed leader of the Indian revolts against the British rule through his philosophy of nonviolent protest .
At the close of World War II , a young nurse tends to a badly - burned plane crash victim .
His past is shown in flashbacks , revealing an involvement in a fateful love affair .
An old Jewish woman and her African - American chauffeur in the American South have a relationship that grows and improves over the years .
He was the Lord of Ten Thousand Years , the absolute monarch of China .
He was born to rule a world of ancient tradition .
Nothing prepared him for our world of change .
This sweeping account of the life of Pu - Yi , the last emperor of China , follows the leader 's tumultuous reign .
After being captured by the Red Army as a war criminal in 1950 , Pu- Yi recalls his childhood from prison .
He remembers his lavish youth in the Forbidden City , where he was afforded every luxury but unfortunately sheltered from the outside world and complex political situation surrounding him .
As revolution sweeps through China , the world Pu - Yi knew is dramatically upended .
Written by Jwelch5742
Did You Know ?
Trivia
Two thousand soldiers had the front of their heads shaved in order to play Qing banner men .
They were persuaded to do so by their officers who convinced them that it show friendship to the Italians and British .
They were given a bonus of $ 3.50 .
Two thousand soldiers had the front of their heads shaved in order to play Qing banner men .
They were persuaded to do so by their officers who convinced them that it show friendship to the Italians and British .
They were given a bonus of $ 3.50 .
See more
Goofs
When the puppet Emperor of Manchukuo is speaking and gives a list of the countries that have recognized the Japanese imposed government the Vatican is included as one of them .
This is not the case .
A religious organization in charge of missions recognized it , but the Holy See never officially recognized Manchukuo because of the Japanese invasion .
When the puppet Emperor of Manchukuo is speaking and gives a list of the countries that have recognized the Japanese imposed government the Vatican is included as one of them .
This is not the case .
A religious organization in charge of missions recognized it , but the Holy See never officially recognized Manchukuo because of the Japanese invasion .
See more
Alternate Versions
The theatrical version runs 163 minutes .
A 218 minute version was released in the US in 1998 under the mistaken title of the " Director 's Cut " .
It was known by this erroneous title until the 2008 Criterion DVD and Blu-ray Disc came out .
Bertolucci and DP Vittorio Storaro made it clear while working on the DVD and BD that the shorter theatrical version is without doubt the director 's cut .
The 218 minute version was an early cut meant only to be aired as a four - part television mini-series by the Italian television network that funded the film .
The theatrical version runs 163 minutes .
A 218 minute version was released in the US in 1998 under the mistaken title of the " Director 's Cut " .
It was known by this erroneous title until the 2008 Criterion DVD and Blu-ray Disc came out .
Bertolucci and DP Vittorio Storaro made it clear while working on the DVD and BD that the shorter theatrical version is without doubt the director 's cut .
The 218 minute version was an early cut meant only to be aired as a four - part television mini-series by the Italian television network that funded the film .
See more
Published online 17 June 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.576
News
American Chemical Society puts squeeze on print editions .
Print is dead .
Alamy
The American Chemical Society ( ACS ) is taking steps towards turning most of its academic journals into online - only publications .
According to a letter seen by Nature that was sent by Susan King , senior vice - president of the ACS 's journals publishing division in Washington DC , to ACS associate editors , the move has been prompted by the " accelerated decline in demand for print subscriptions and the diminishing financial return from the print format " .
Kings writes that " printing and distribution costs now exceed revenues from print journals " at the ACS .
To save money , most ACS journals will , from July , begin printing two pages of reduced text sideways on each page .
Excepted from this condensation will be the society 's flagship journal , Journal of the American Chemical Society , and two review journals , Accounts of Chemical Research and Chemical Reviews .
At the same time , subscribers will be offered incentives to switch to online - only access .
In 2010 , ACS members will no longer be able to buy print subscriptions of journals , and the publications division will monitor print renewals from institutional subscribers .
In general , King foresees a " move beyond print to an electronic - only scientific publishing environment " .
King would not reveal further details of the plan to Nature , saying , " we do not comment on confidential correspondence " .
Uncontroversial and green to boot
Svetlana Korolev , a science librarian at the University of Wisconsin , Milwaukee , and head of the executive committee of the ACS Division of Chemical Information ( CINF ) , says that in her personal opinion the move is uncontroversial .
Korolev says that her university cancelled all of its ACS print subscriptions a year ago , and even moved archived print journals to off - campus storage .
" We did talk to all the faculty , and no one said that they were going to use the print , " she says .
James Milne , editorial director for the Cambridge , UK - based publishing division of the Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) , says that the ACS 's decision to reformat the layout of print journals in the middle of the year is surprising .
Publishers usually redesign journal layouts at the end of the year , he says , to coincide with the subscription cycle .
He adds that the RSC has no plans to move away from publishing its journals in print : " If our customers want print we will provide print , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Harvard University biochemist Stuart Schreiber feels that the transition of all journals to online only is both " inevitable " and a better way to disseminate and acquire scientific information .
And chemist Reza Ghadiri at the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla , California , also approves of the trend .
" It is about time , " he says .
" Why do we want print anymore ?
Everything is online .
It is more than cost saving , it is environmentally friendly too . "
But William Fenical of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , also in La Jolla , says that he 'll miss the physical journals .
" I really enjoy thumbing through Organic Letters , " he says .
" If I had only the electronic option I would do more filtering with keywords , and not see every page .
I am finding that I am encountering less and less science outside of my personal area of research .
We are losing something — how important it is remains to be seen . "
Additional reporting by Katharine Sanderson .
Tetsuaki Ueda , an analyst at the research firm Fuji Keizai , expects the market to shrink by as much as 40 percent this year .
Investment in robots , he said , “ has been the first to go as companies protect their human workers . ”
Image Seven years after its introduction , the Aibo robot dog from Sony was discontinued .
It was popular , but cost more than $ 2,000 .
Credit ... Junko Kimura / Getty Images
While robots can be cheaper than flesh - and - blood workers over the long term , the upfront investment costs are much higher .
In 2005 , more than 370,000 robots worked at factories across Japan , about 40 percent of the global total , representing 32 robots for every 1,000 manufacturing employees , according to a report by Macquarie Bank .
A 2007 government plan for technology policy called for one million industrial robots to be installed by 2025 .
That will almost certainly not happen .
“ The recession has set the robot industry back years , ” Mr. Ueda said .
That goes for industrial robots and the more cuddly toy robots .
In fact , several of the lovable sort have already become casualties of the recession .
The robot maker Systec Akazawa filed for bankruptcy in January , less than a year after it introduced its miniature PLEN walking robot at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
Roborior by Tmsuk  a watermelon - shape house sitter on wheels that rolls around a home and uses infrared sensors to detect suspicious movement and a video camera to transmit images to absent residents  has struggled to find new users .
A rental program was scrapped in April because of lack of interest .
Though the company wo n’t release sale figures , it has sold less than a third of the goal , 3,000 units , it set when Roborior hit the market in 2005 , analysts say .
There are no plans to manufacture more .
Splint is this great tool to statically analyze C code .
Splint is an evolution of Lint .
Lint makes analysis of C code and verifies unused declarations , type inconsistencies , use before definitions , unreachable code , ignored return values , execution path with no return and infinite loops .
However , Lint was not a sufficiently powerful tool .
Splint was created as a descendant of Lint allowing annotations in C code , so , it do more checks than its predecessor .
In this post I will present some verifications that Splint does , and show the philosophy and how to use it .
Splint allows annotations on functions , variables , parameters and types .
Undefined Variables
Splint detects instances where the value of a variable is used before it is defined .
Anyway , many static analyzers can also do this , it is a very basic check .
However , thanks to the splint annotations supports , they can be used to describe what storage must be defined and what storage must be undefined at interface points , this means that all storage reachable from a global variable , parameter to a function , or function return value is defined before and after the function call .
A special case of undefined variables is undefined function parameters .
Sometimes we do a certain C function that return values , or change parameters values .
The out annotation denotes a pointer to storage that may be undefined .
Splint have a great storage model , so does not report an error when a pointer to allocated but undefined storage is passed as an out parameter .
If in the body of a function an outparameter is allocated but not bounded to a value Splint reports an error .
You can see out as an parameter that will be defined inside a function .
The opposite happens to the in annotation , this can be used to denote a parameter that must be completely defined .
Here is a small example of it :
extern void setVal ( / * @out@ * / int * x ) ; extern int getVal ( / * @in@ * / int * x ) ; extern int mystery Val ( int * x ) ; int dumbfunc ( / * @out@ * / int * x , int i ) { if ( i > 3 ) 11 return * x ; else if ( i > 1 ) 13 return getVal ( x ) ; else if ( i == 0 ) 15 return mysteryVal ( x ) ; else { 18 setVal ( x ) ; 19 return * x ; } }
And here it is the output of Splint :
> splint usedef .c usedef.c:11 : Value *x used before definition usedef .c:13 : Passed storage x not completely defined ( * x is undefined ) : getVal ( x ) usedef .
c: 15 : Passed storage x not completely defined ( * x is undefined ) : mysteryVal ( x ) Finished checking --- 3 code warnings
As you can see , no error is reported for line 18 , because the incomplete defined storage x is passed to a function that will define it , so we can return *x with no problems .
Types
Strong type checking often reveals programming errors .
Splint can check primitive C types more strictly and flexibly than typical compilers .
C , does not make types verification .
Because for C all basic non numerical types are just int’s ( Enum , Pointer , Char ) .
Splint supports stricter checking of built - in C types .
The char and enum types can be checked as distinct types , and the different numeric types can be type - checked strictly .
Also the primitive char type can be type - checked as a distinct type .
If char is used as a distinct type , common errors involving assigning ints to chars are detected .
In Splint , you can always turn off some default verifications , and Splint will assume the C compiler strategy to verify the code .
If you run Splint with + charint is on , char types are indistinguishable from ints .
So you can make cast ’s from int to char or from cahr to int .
But never forgot that this can lead to errors , as you can imagine if you do ( char ) 1000 you will not get an expected result because the characters only go up to 256 .
Splint reports errors in the use of Enums , if a value that is not an enumerator member is assigned to the enum type or if an enum type is used as an operand to an arithmetic operator .
Anyway you can turn this off , activating the enumint flag and then you can use enums and ints types interchangeably .
Memory Management
About half the bugs in typical C programs can be attributed to memory management problems .
Any C programmer who has already made a reasonable size program , has been confronted with unexpected errors related with memory management problems .
This happens basically because C is a low level language so , does not have any system like Java ’s garbage collector .
All the memory management have to be done by the programmer , so errors may append .
Some only appear sporadically , and some may only be apparent when compiled on a different platform .
Splint is able to detect many memory management errors at compile time , like : using storage that may have been deallocated , memory leaks or returning a pointer to stack - allocated storage .
This is possible because Splint makes a memory model when is working on the code , anyway I will not talk about this subject .
Splint can see and report deallocating storage when there are other live references to the same storage and failing to deallocate storage before the last reference to it is lost .
The solution here is simple , Splint makes an obligation to release storage and attach this obligation to the reference to which the storage is assigned .
For references not shared Splint uses the only annotation to indicate that a reference is the only pointer to the object it points to , here we also use the null annotation to say that the output of malloc could be NULL :
/* @only@ */ /* @null@ */ void * malloc ( size_t size ) ;
Here is a simple example of C annotated code with memory leaks and use after free variables :
1 extern /*@only @ */ int * glob ; /* @only @*/ int *f ( / * @only @ */ int *x , int *y , int *z ) /*@globals glob ;@*/ { 8 int *m = ( int *) 9 malloc ( sizeof ( int ) ) ; 11 glob = y ; // Memory leak 12 free ( x ) ; 13 *m = *x ; // Use after free 14 return z ; // Memory leak detected }
Here is the Splint output for the file above :
> splint only .c only .c:11 : Only storage glob ( type int *) not released before assignment : glob = y only .
c:1 : Storage glob becomes only only .
c:11 : Implicitly temp storage y assigned to only : glob = y only .
c:13 : Dereference of possibly null pointer m : *m only .c:8 : Storage m may become null only .
c:13 : Variable x used after being released only .
c: 12 : Storage x released only .c: 14 : Implicitly temp storage z returned as only : z only .c: 14 : Fresh storage m not released before return only .
c:9 : Fresh storage m allocated
Splint errors and warnings are very human readable , so you just have to read them to understand .
The first warning says that variable glob was not released ( we say , in line 1 , that it is only ) before the assignment .
In line 13 we have a dereference of possibly null pointer , because in line 12 we have done free to x variable , an now we want to use it ’s value .
As you can see , is very easy to understand the output of Splint .
Splint can also make verifications in stack based references .
A memory error occurs if a pointer into stack is live after the function returns .
Splint detects errors involving stack references exported from a function through return values or assignments to references reachable from global variables or actual parameters .
No annotations are needed to detect stack reference errors .
It is clear from declarations if storage is allocated on the function stack .
Here is an example of stack - allocated storage :
int * glob ; int *f ( int **x ) { int sa [ 2 ] = { 0 , 1 } ; int loc = 3 ; 9 glob = &loc ; 10 *x = &sa [ 0 ] ; 12 return &loc ; }
And here is the Splint output :
> splint stack .c stack .c:12 : Stack - allocated storage &loc reachable from return value : &loc stack .
c:12 : Stack - allocated storage *x reachable from parameter x stack .
c:10 : Storage *x becomes stack stack .
c:12 : Stack - allocated storage glob reachable from global glob stack .
c:9 : Storage glob becomes stack
Control Flow
In order to avoid certain errors , Splint have to understand the control flow of the program , so Splint do some checks related to control flow .
Many of these checks are possible because of the extra information that is known in annotations .
Without this additional information Splint assumes that all functions return and execution continues normally .
noreturn annotation is used to denote a function that never returns .
extern /* @noreturn@ */ void fatalerror ( char *s ) ;
We also have maynoreturn and alwaysreturns annotations , but Splint must assume that a function returns normally when checking the code and does n’t verify if a function really returns .
To describe non-returning functions the noreturnwhentrue and noreturnwhenfalse mean that a function never returns if the first argument is true or false .
/* @noreturnwhenfalse@ */ void assert ( /* @sef@ */ bool /* @alt int@ */ pred ) ;
The sef annotation denotes a parameter as side effect free , and the alt int indicate that it may be either a Boolean or an integer .
Undefined Behavior
The order which side effect take place in C is not entirely defined by the code .
A sequence point is some point in the C code where it is guaranteed that all side effects of previous evaluations have been performed .
An example of sequence points is :
a function call ( after the arguments have been evaluated )
at the end of a if , while , for or do statement
a && , || and ?
Here is a simple C program that have undefined behavior .
extern int glob ; extern int mystery ( void ) ; extern int modglob ( void ) /*@globals glob@*/ /*@modifies glob@*/ ; int f ( int x , int y [ ] ) { 11 int i = x++ * x ; 13 y[ i ] = i++; 14 i += modglob ( ) * glob ; 15 i += mystery ( ) * glob ; 16 return i; }
And here is the Splint output :
> splint order .c order .c:11 : Expression has undefined behavior ( value of right operand modified by left operand ) : x++ * x order .c:13 : Expression has undefined behavior ( left operand uses i , modified by right operand ) : y[ i ] = i++ order .c:14 : Expression has undefined behavior ( value of right operand modified by left operand ) : modglob ( ) * glob order .
c:15 : Expression has undefined behavior ( unconstrained function mystery used in left operand may set global variable glob used in right operand ) : mystery ( ) * glob
Regard control flow , Splint has more options to check C code .
I will not talk about all of them here .
Buffer Sizes
Buffer overflow errors are a particularly dangerous type of bug in C , they are responsible for half of all security attacks .
This is happens because C does not perform runtime bound checking ( for performance reasons ) , and so attackers can exploit program bugs to , for example , gain full access to a machine .
Splint models blocks of memory using two properties :
maxSet , maxSet ( b ) denotes the highest address beyond b that can be safely used as lvalue , for instance :
char buffer [ MAXSIZE ] we have maxSet ( buffer ) = MAXSIZE - 1
and maxRead , maxRead ( b ) denotes the highest index of a buffer that can be safely used as rvalue .
When a buffer is accessed as an lvalue , Splint generates a precondition constraint involving the maxSet property and when a buffer is accessed as an rvalue , Splint generates a precondition constraint involving the maxRead property .
We can use this two properties in buffer sizes annotations , this annotations uses the clause requires and ensures just like JML , VDM and Frama - C .
When a function with requires clause is called , the call site must be checked to satisfy the constraints implied by requires .
Here is an example of its use :
void /* @alt char * @*/ strcpy ( /* @out@ */ /* @returned@ */ char * s1 , char * s2 ) /* @modifies * s1 @ */ /* @requires maxSet ( s1 ) >= maxRead ( s2 ) @*/ /* @ensures maxRead ( s1 ) == maxRead ( s2 ) @*/;
This is a possible annotation for strcpy standard library C function .
We say that s1 is the return value of the function ( returned ) , and that the pointer to s1 is the only one ( only ) .
We also say that this function modifies s1 and we specify the pre and post conditions .
Splint can also do bound checking .
This is more complex than other checks done by Splint , so , memory bound warnings contain extensive information about the unresolved constraint as you can see in this example :
int buf [ 10 ] ; buf [ 10 ] = 3 ;
setChar .c :5:4 : Likely out - of - bounds store : buf [ 10 ]
Unable to resolve constraint : requires 9 >= 10 needed to satisfy precondition : requires maxSet ( buf @ setChar .c : 5:4 ) >= 10
The ultimate test : wu-ftpd
wu - ftpd version 2.5.0 was about 20.000 lines of code and took less than four seconds to check all of wu-ftpd on a 1.2 - GHz Athlon machine .
Splint detected the known flaws as well as finding some previously unknown flaws (!)
One of the problems of these automatic static analysis tools is that it can produce false problems .
Running Splint on wu-ftpd without adding annotations produced 166 warnings for potential out - of - bounds writes .
After adding 66 annotations , it produced 101 warnings : 25 of these indicated real problems and 76 were false .
Pros and Cons
Pros :
Lightweight static analysis detects software vulnerabilities
Splint definitely improves code quality
Suitable for real programs …
Cons :
… although it produces more warning messages that lead to confusion
It wo n’t eliminate all security risks
Has n’t been developed since 2007 , they need new volunteers
Conclusions
No tool will eliminate all security risks , lightweight static analysis tools ( Splint ) play an important role in identifying security vulnerabilities .
Here is the presentation about that subject :
Outroduction
All the examples provide here is from the Splint manual .
Website Hosting revolves around Service and Security , not numbers .
We ’re focused on customer satisfaction , reliability , and quality .
There ’s so much that goes into our services that cheap hosts cannot match .
We would have to remove many value and security benefits to lower ourselves to their level .
Nobody would be the wiser — until something went wrong .
Numbers like disk space , bandwidth , email boxes tell the cheap - half the story .
If you ’re looking for complete solutions for your internet marketing needs , we can help your business , organization or personal website get online today .
Contact us and we ’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have .
Kacper Hamilton has designed a series of seven wine glasses inspired by the seven deadly sins .
Wrath
Greed
Pride
Gluttony
Lust
Envy
Sloth
Also check out : Wine Rack and 14 Cool Products for Wine Lovers
Office of News and Information
Johns Hopkins University
901 South Bond Street , Suite 540
Baltimore , Maryland 21231
Phone : 443-287-9960 | Fax : 443-287-9920
July 17 , 2009
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : Phil Sneiderman
( 443 ) 287-9960
prs@jhu.edu
Students Embed Stem Cells in Sutures to Enhance Healing Biomedical engineering student at Johns Hopkins showed that it is possible to demonstrate a practical way to embed one 's own adult stem cells in this surgical thread , a technique that should improve healing after injuries such as a ruptured tendon .
Johns Hopkins biomedical engineering students have demonstrated a practical way to embed a patient 's own adult stem cells in the surgical thread that doctors use to repair serious orthopedic injuries such as ruptured tendons .
The goal , the students said , is to enhance healing and reduce the likelihood of re-injury without changing the surgical procedure itself .
The project team - 10 undergraduates sponsored by Bioactive Surgical Inc. , a Maryland medical technology company - won first place in the recent Design Day 2009 competition conducted by the university 's Department of Biomedical Engineering .
In collaboration with orthopedic physicians , the students have begun testing the stem cell - bearing sutures in an animal model , paving the way for possible human trials within about five years .
The students believe this technology has great promise for the treatment of debilitating tendon , ligament and muscle injuries , often sports - related , that affect thousands of young and middle - aged adults annually .
" Using sutures that carry stems cells to the injury site would not change the way surgeons repair the injury , " said Matt Rubashkin , the student team leader , " but we believe the stem cells will significantly speed up and improve the healing process .
And because the stem cells will come from the patient , there should be no rejection problems . "
The corporate sponsor , Bioactive Surgical , developed the patent - pending concept for a new way to embed stem cells in sutures during the surgical process .
The company then enlisted the student team to assemble and test a prototype to demonstrate that the concept was sound .
The undergraduates performed this work during the yearlong Design Team course , required by the school 's Biomedical Engineering Department .
The undergraduate team located a machine that could weave surgical thread in a way that would ensure the most effective delivery and long - term survival of the stem cells .
The team conducted some aspects of the animal testing , although orthopedic physicians performed the surgical procedures .
The students also prepared grant applications , seeking funding for additional testing of the technology , in collaboration with Bioactive Surgical .
Ten Johns Hopkins undergraduates who worked on a stem cell �bearing suture project won first place in the school 's recent biomedical engineering design competition .
In the back row , from left , are Hayley Osen , Matt Rubashkin , Kristie Charoen , Steven Su , Stephanie D'Souza , Frank Qin and David Attarzadeh .
In the front row , from left , are Avik Som , Raghav Badrinath and Lawrence Wei .
" The students did a phenomenal job , " said Richard H. Spedden , chief executive officer of Bioactive Surgical .
As envisioned by the company and the students , a doctor would withdraw bone marrow containing stem cells from a patient 's hip while the patient was under anesthesia .
The stem cells would then be embedded in the novel suture through a quick and easily performed proprietary process .
The surgeon would then stitch together the ruptured Achilles tendon or other injury in the conventional manner but using the sutures embedded with stem cells .
At the site of the injury , the stem cells are expected to reduce inflammation and release growth factor proteins that speed up the healing , enhancing the prospects for a full recovery and reducing the likelihood of re-injury .
The team 's preliminary experiments in an animal model have yielded promising results , indicating that the stem cells attached to the sutures can survive the surgical process and retain the ability to turn into replacement tissue , such as tendon or cartilage .
If similar results occur in future human testing , many patients may benefit .
Researching the business opportunity , the students found that about 46,000 people in the United States undergo Achilles tendon repair surgery every year , with a mean age between 30 and 50 years old .
The operation and subsequent therapy costs are about $ 40,000 per case , the students said .
" After surgery , the recovery process can take up to a year .
In about 20 percent of the cases , the surgery fails , and another operation is needed , " said Rubashkin , a Barrington , Ill. , resident who will begin his senior year at Johns Hopkins in the fall .
" Anything we can do to speed up the healing and lower the failure rate and the additional medical costs could make a big difference . "
Lew Schon , a leading Baltimore foot and ankle surgeon and one of the inventors of the technology , said , " These students have demonstrated an amazing amount of initiative and leadership in all aspects of this project , including actually producing the suture and designing the ensuing mechanical , cell - based and animal trials . "
Schon , who also is an assistant professor of orthopedic surgery in the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine , added that " the students exceeded all expectations .
They have probably cut at least a year off of the development time of this technology , and they are definitely advancing the science in this emerging area . "
Student team members , from left , Matt Rubashkin , Raghav Badrinath , Stephanie D'Souza and Steven
Su are continuing to test and refine the stem cell �bearing suture process in a lab this summer .
The biomedical engineering students say some of their grant applications are aimed at studying the use of stem cell - bearing sutures for other orthopedic applications , such as rotator cuff repairs .
Future uses in cardiology and obstetrics are also being considered .
Along with Rubashkin , undergraduate members of the stem cell suture design team were David Attarzadeh , Raghav Badrinath , Kristie Charoen , Stephanie D'Souza , Hayley Osen , Frank Qin , Avik Som , Steven Su and Lawrence Wei .
While conducting their experiments , the undergraduates also received advice and assistance from these Johns Hopkins researchers : Xiaofeng Jia , a neuroscience and neuroengineering research associate in the School of Medicine ; Dara Kraitchman , an associate professor of radiology in the School of Medicine ; and Jennifer Elisseeff , an associate professor of biomedical engineering in the Whiting School of Engineering .
A provisional patent has been filed covering potential improvements by the members of the Johns Hopkins student design team to the stem cell - bearing suture technology .
Color images of the students available ; contact Phil Sneiderman .
Related links : Johns Hopkins Department of Biomedical Engineering : http://www.bme.jhu.edu/
Bioactive Surgical , Inc. : http://www.bioactivesurgical.com/
Reporting from Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , and Mexico City --
In the baddest precinct of Mexico ’s most violent city , Jose Manuel Resendiz is the law .
The army officer packs two pistols and a semiautomatic rifle as he patrols the Delicias district of Ciudad Juarez , the bullet - scarred border city that is the emblem of Mexico ’s drug - war mayhem .
Riding in a Ford pickup with five gun-toting soldiers , he pulls over suspicious - looking cars , sets up impromptu roadblocks to search for drugs and weapons , and tends to the nuisance calls that make up a cop ’s life : robberies , street fights , fender benders .
“ I am an army lieutenant colonel , ” Resendiz said .
“ But now we ’re all police . ”
Ciudad Juarez resembles a city under military occupation as President Felipe Calderon ratchets up his war against drug traffickers .
Calderon launched the military offensive 10 days after assuming office in December 2006 , saying it was necessary to restore government authority in parts of the country .
Today , 2 1/2 years later , Calderon and Mexico face a stark reality :
The longer and harder the war is prosecuted , the more complex and daunting it becomes .
The offensive has exposed corruption so widespread that key institutions , from police forces to city halls , appear rotten to the core .
And a battered society has grown increasingly worried about the effects of the massive military deployment on its democracy .
A cascade of setbacks -- prison breakouts , kidnappings of federal officials , killing of priests -- has led to questions about whether Calderon was prepared for the breadth and depth of the problem .
By disrupting the cartels ’ operations , the offensive intensified turf struggles among the traffickers .
About 11,000 people , some of them bystanders , have died in the violence .
“ They hit a wasp nest , and the wasps are stinging , ” said Jose Luis Pineyro , an expert on national security at Mexico City ’s Autonomous Metropolitan University .
“ There definitely was n’t a well - structured plan to know what kind of threat they were confronting . ”
Government forces have scored victories , almost all credited to the military :
They ’ve arrested more than 66,000 suspects , seized tons of cocaine and marijuana , and intercepted guns , grenades , airplanes -- even drug - laden , submarine - like vessels .
But every success is offset quickly by a fresh surge in violence , sometimes in unexpected places such as the tourist magnet of Acapulco .
No state has been spared bloodshed or scandal .
To date , the government has not gone after major money - laundering operations , the fuel that keeps the cartels going , and none of the current leaders of the main cartels has been captured .
“ It ’s very hard to stop this trend , ” a senior military official in Ciudad Juarez said , speaking of the unyielding bloodshed .
“ We are fighting an enemy we do n’t know and do n’t see and only feel their results . ”
The drug gangs appear as strong and as vicious as ever as they fight not just for smuggling routes but for shares of the growing domestic market .
Mexican cartels are now the dominant force in an industry once led by Colombians .
More than 45,000 troops have been deployed in these 2 1/2 years to hot spots across the nation .
It ’s not just boots on the ground : Army generals and colonels have taken command of law enforcement in seven states and , from Juarez to Tijuana to Cancun , have supplanted civilian authority .
Ciudad Juarez , a city of 1.3 million , remains the test case , embodying the reach of Calderon ’s strategy and its risks .
The military buildup in Juarez came after months of extraordinary violence .
About 1,600 people were killed last year , including more than 200 in November alone .
In February , the police chief quit after several officers were shot dead and signs appeared threatening that more would be killed unless he stepped down .
Other posters threatened the life of Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz .
The governor of the state , Chihuahua , was ambushed in the state capital .
( He survived , but his bodyguard was killed . )
Juarez officials appealed for federal help , and in March , Calderon ’s government sent 5,000 troops and 1,900 federal police officers -- adding to the 2,500 soldiers and police already there .
Reliance on army
A retired general , Julian Rivera Breton , was appointed public safety chief , and an active - duty colonel , Alfonso Cristobal Garcia Melgar , was installed as police director .
In all , 30 current or former military officers now hold supervisory roles in the police department .
At the height of the violence , in February , there were 10 or more killings a day .
The number has dropped to an average of four to eight a day , and bank robberies and car thefts are also down , authorities say .
Still , the homicide rate for the first six months of 2009 is higher than it was last year , according to media tallies .
Kidnapping and extortion remain rampant .
Hit men in Juarez , who used to ambush enemies with AK - 47 and AR - 15 assault rifles fired from fancy SUVs , have had to change their tactics .
These days , most killings are done with pistols , and the getaway car is often a beat - up Honda .
But the bloodshed goes on .
“ The killings we ’re seeing right now are young people that are trying to get started in a life of crime , ” said Reyes , the mayor .
“ The whole change in the city has created circumstances that are much more favorable for us to get everything under control . ”
The military presence in Juarez is striking .
Police pickups and military trucks packed with troops are everywhere .
Soldiers answer 911 calls , arrest drunken drivers and respond to shootings .
Factory warehouses have been converted into makeshift encampments , full of colorful , store - bought dome tents .
In November , killers were able to break into the police radio frequency and play narcocorrido music as a sign an officer had been killed , or was about to be .
Now , officials are developing a secure radio system .
Mistrust of police had been so high that residents were reluctant to call 911 out of fear that their names would be leaked to gangsters .
Now , Reyes said , a hotline is being established to route calls to a center in an undisclosed Latin American country .
Graft - ridden police
Reyes said the military deployment is a temporary measure to give city officials time to clean up the police force .
“ We all knew there was police corruption , ” he said , but “ nobody knew how deep it was . ”
He plans to nearly double the size of the force , to 3,000 by the end of the year , and to use a strict vetting process .
Calderon ’s administration says troops are likely to remain deployed throughout Mexico for the rest of his tenure , which ends in 2012 , because it is believed it will take that long to purge and retrain the police .
“ This fight is not viable without the army , ” said Monte Alejandro Rubido , a senior security official in Calderon ’s government .
“ What has surprised us is how quickly the business of street sales , and the violence from it , grew and spread , in areas where there had not been trouble from organized crime .
Corruption and intimidation , that ’s how they penetrated . ”
Troops were dispatched in February this year to the northern border state of Nuevo Leon , Mexico ’s wealthiest and long a symbol of relative stability .
Traffickers quickly mobilized low - level dealers and their families to protest the military presence and to create the impression that the traffickers had a broad social base .
Monterrey , the capital , and other cities were paralyzed for days .
Then the army started arresting police in Monterrey and other Nuevo Leon municipalities .
In early June , troops backed by federal agents rounded up dozens of police officers and several commanders .
When the police got wind of what was happening , they challenged the troops and tried to block roads .
As punishment , the federal authorities ordered the police to turn in their rifles .
A day later , they confiscated their cellphones , suspecting the cops were using them to pass intelligence to traffickers .
A politician from the Monterrey area ’s richest district was caught on tape describing the power of the drug lords .
Mauricio Fernandez is heard saying that the area was relatively peaceful because the Beltran Leyva cartel wanted it that way .
“ Their families live here , ” he said .
“ You do n’t think it ’s the police [ that maintain order ] , do you ? ”
In the central state of Zacatecas in May , prison guards were caught on videotape watching unperturbed as 53 traffickers , gunmen and other inmates casually walked out of a maximum - security jail .
In Calderon ’s home state , Michoacan , army and federal agents swept into city halls and police stations in May , arresting 10 mayors and 17 other officials accused of aiding an especially violent cartel called La Familia ( “ The Family ” ) .
Traffickers in Michoacan , who specialize in methamphetamine , choose candidates for elections and force residents to pay tribute to the cartel rather than taxes .
The army ’s role has expanded to such an extent that this month troops staged raids in the capital , Mexico City .
Soldiers can enter homes and businesses without warrants and detain people without charges .
Critics worry that this could undermine the country ’s fragile democracy .
Others fear that the military , one of Mexico ’s most respected institutions , will fall prey to the corruption that has corroded so many police departments .
Ten army officers were arrested in June for allegedly passing information to fugitive drug lord Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman .
Army abuses cited
Activists say soldiers trained for combat , not police work , have run amok at times .
Margarita Rosales , a laundry worker in Juarez , said her son , Javier , 21 , was found dead in April after he and a friend were seized by soldiers and federal police after a night of drinking .
His body bore marks of a severe beating , she said .
Rosales said the friend told her that Javier , an X - ray technician , was singled out because he was heavily tattooed .
“ He did n’t sell drugs .
He was n’t involved in that kind of thing , ” she said .
“ If they had found kilos of drugs , kilos of cocaine -- but why ?
There is no reason why . ”
Gustavo de la Rosa Hickerson , human rights ombudsman for the state of Chihuahua , said his office has received 200 complaints of abuse by the military , including allegations of suspects being tortured to extract information , wrongful detention and seven killings .
Nationwide , complaints against the army tripled between 2007 and 2009 .
Army officials say hitmen are dressing in military - style garb to abduct rivals .
Soldiers in the Juarez area recently arrested 25 armed men , most of whom were wearing army - type uniforms .
Enrique Torres , spokesman for the joint military - civilian operation in Ciudad Juarez , said the government takes allegations of abuse seriously and will prosecute offenders in military courts .
He said the army in Juarez was investigating 126 reports of abuse .
For all the improvements in Ciudad Juarez cited by the mayor , many residents are unconvinced that much has changed .
“ There are still a lot of killings , ” said Magda Duran , a 45 - year - old factory worker .
She stood on the porch of her home in the city ’s ramshackle Delicias section as soldiers and police searched houses , including hers , for the victim of a reported kidnapping .
“ They scare me , ” Duran said of the troops .
“ They intimidate me . ”
On this evening , a squad of 16 soldiers and police from Lt. Col .
Resendiz ’s precinct prowled in a pair of pickups past darkened beer joints and concrete shanties that hunker behind gates made of bedsprings and freight pallets .
In grass - less yards , children grinned and waved .
The soldiers waved back .
Grown - ups stared , but none waved .
The rolling army patrol was summoned to a bleak neighborhood called Rancho Anapra .
In the waning desert light , a man lay lifeless in the dusty street .
He had been shot four times , in full view of a dozen houses .
Residents regarded the arriving troops with bored expressions , amid a cacophony of barking dogs .
There were many bystanders , but few witnesses .
“ Puro mirón , ” grumbled a military police officer .
“ All just onlookers .
We could ask them , but nobody will know anything .
Nobody saw anything . ”
The scene encapsulates one of the government ’s biggest challenges in the drug war : overcoming the deep mistrust of ordinary Mexicans .
“ Only when something happens -- that ’s when they come , ” said one of the bystanders , Laura Valdivia , 36 , who works in a factory that makes fake Christmas trees .
Other than his name , Daniel Chavez , and age , 35 , no one seemed to have much to say about the victim , whose torso was a spider ’s web of tattoos .
The crowd slowly evaporated .
In darkness , the body was hauled away and the soldiers clambered back onto the pickups , knowing as little as when they arrived .
ken.ellingwood@latimes.com
wilkinson@latimes.com
SCRATCHbot :
The robotic rat that could save lives
A team of scientists have developed a robotic rat that could eventually help rescue people from man-made and natural disasters .
Researchers from the Bristol Robotics Lab and the University of Sheffield have developed the SCRATCHbot , which can find objects using its sensory whiskers in dark or smoky rooms .
And unlike previous rodent - like machines , SCRATCH bot adapts the way it moves its whiskers when it makes contact with an obstacle .
The project was inspired by the use of touch in the animal kingdom – specifically how rats explore their environments using whiskers in poorly - lit places .
Watch the robot rat at work :
[ Via Daily Mail ]
It was this day in 1963 that zip codes as we know them today were introduced to the U.S.
I know your internal trivia arsenal is lacking in ZIP code facts , so we will remedy that today .
1. ZIP stands for " Zone Improvement Plan . " 
It was trademarked by the United States Postal Service for a while , but it has since expired , so you can use " ZIP "  guilt - free .
Not that you were feeling guilty about it in the first place .
2 . The first three numbers of the code represent a USPS sectional center facility ( SCF ) .
The last two numbers further narrow down the location , but in some cases they are continuations of two - digit zip codes that were issued to big cities in 1943 .
For instance , the Minneapolis ZIP code used to be 16 , so 55416 is now part of Minneapolis .
3. 90210 is , yes , Beverly Hills .
Another good one : 12345 is General Electric in Schenectady , N.Y .
4. Robert Moon developed the ZIP code idea while working as a postal inspector in Philadelphia , and although he proposed using just three digits , he is still considered the father of the ZIP code .
He died in 2001 , by the way , and his ZIP code at that time was 34748 " “ Leesburg , Fla .
5. Mr. ZIP , AKA Zippy , was a cute little guy used in the '60s and ' 70s to promote the use of ZIP codes .
He was drawn by Harold Wilcox , the son of a postman .
But do n't get the idea that a four - year - old kid was at home doodling and his proud dad brought the scribble into work - nope , Harold Wilcox was an art director working for the Cunningham and Walsh advertising agency .
He drew the cartoon to look like a little kid had drawn it , though , and originally named him Mr. P.O. Zone .
6. Ethel Merman recorded a song to the tune of " Zip - a - dee - doo - dah "  to promote the new ZIP codes .
7. Places with their own zip codes include the White House ( the one for the president and his family to receive personal mail is secret ) , the World Trade Center ( prior to Sept. 11 ) , Saks Fifth Avenue in New York , and most recently , Dodgertown in California .
Smokey Bear also received his own code at the height of the " Only you can prevent forest fires "  campaign in 1964 : 20252 .
8 . The wealthiest ZIP code in the U.S. is n't 90210 , nor is it even in the vicinity .
According to Forbes magazine , the two zip codes tied for first are 07620 - Alpine , N.J. - and 33109 - Fisher Island , Fla .
9. ZIP + four was added in 1983 .
10 .
You can get instructions for looking up zip codes and seeing their boundaries here .
It 's strangely addicting and kind of like finding shapes in clouds ... or not .
I think I need to get outside and enjoy nature more .
by Brett Stevens on May 16 , 2009
Among the many ways to look at the world , one of the most popular is moral judgment .
Moral judgments are the shoulds , oughts and should n’t ’ves of the world .
When a situation happens , we decide according to some ideal what “ should ” have happened , and penalize people for what did .
But that ’s neurotic , since they did do what they did for some reason inherent to them .
Much like releasing a ball over the ground means gravity pulls it down , people just do what it is they ’re wired to do , and we can either bloviate about should or focus on what “ is . ”
Here ’s a case in point :
Photo shoot over , she changes into her jogging bottoms and Ugg boots , and talks candidly about that modern TV starlet dilemma : how much flesh can you expose before people start forgetting you have a brain too ?
If she sounds as if she is trying to convince herself , there is good reason .
Last month â€ “ a year after leaving Blue Peter , where she had been for ten years , becoming the longest serving female presenter in the show ’s history â€ “ Konnie finally succumbed to the lure of the lad ’s mag and agreed to pose for FHM in , er , not very much at all .
‘ If you are a Dimbleby , constantly peering over your glasses at your notes , you have an air of authority .
If you are me and keep looking at your notes , it is taken as a sign of incompetence .
I learned that very early on , and had to ditch the notes .
But it is n’t fair .
Why do you have to be a man with grey hair to be taken seriously ? ’
The Daily Femail
Let ’s take this ought of the realm in which she wants to talk about it , which is should .
“ But it is n’t fair , ” she says , forgetting that fair is a human judgment by which we determine shoulds , not how we will achieve those shoulds or what is most likely to happen .
If a ball is released over the head of a child , it will fall , but it should not — yet it will .
Here ’s a principle for Konnie Huq :
If you act like a slut , people will assume that you are one .
If you want to be accepted for having brains , you have to stay within that role .
Sexy and brains collide because people with brains tend to be transcendental about physicality and not as immersed in themselves as the simpler people who frequent Hollywood bars .
But if you act like someone in one of those Hollywood bars , people will respond in kind .
She wants us to believe that , using the magic “ should , ” we can separate an action from its intent .
When I walked into that bank and shouted EVERYONE ON THE FLOOR THIS IS A STICKUP , I did n’t want to be treated like a criminal for the rest of my life .
But act like a criminal and , well , you know the rest .
How unfair it all is !
We want to appear to be one thing , and yet be another , but we do n’t connect the dots that the actions that led to us wanting that appearance are what defines us .
We assume that we are causes in ourselves , and our choice is absolute , but really , what defines our preferences ( including our preference to discipline ourselves ) defines our actions and those define who we are .
People who act like sluts have not thought through life , and realized how transient that behavior is , on their way to a higher realization .
Oh , but it should not be that way , the Crowd howls , because they ’d like to think they can be anything to anyone at any time , not realizing that the cause of being something is the chain of actions leading up to it .
Want to be a genius scientist ?
Be born a genius , work hard , and do genius research .
At some point , someone will note that you ’re a genius scientist .
Imitating one will not get you anywhere ; acting like one , by doing genius research , will .
Imitating a slut is fun at a costume party ; acting like a slut , by posing nude and then whining that you do n’t get taken seriously , will make you a slut .
And why do people universally disregard sluts ?
In some part of our subconscious memory is the knowledge that nothing easily given away is considered much , and therefore , that its value goes down .
A slut , man or female , is on a path to making their choice of a mate worth $ 50 after nightfall on any given night .
You want us to respect that ?
Here ’s another mystery cause / effect that ’s not mysterious when you analyze it :
You would never give a child a cigarette .
Or a drink , or a snort of cocaine .
But everyday we American parents are giving our children something almost as addictiveâ € ” meals laden with sugar , salt and fat .
That mac nâ€™cheese we all think is the only thing our child will eat is priming them for a lifetime of â€œconditioned hypereating .â€ 
That is , eating that is excessive , out of control and has nothing to do with satisfying hunger .
Our national weight gain is not , as many people assume , because we are far less active ; studies have found little difference in energy expended now than in the 1950s .
It is because we are eating far , far more calories than ever before , in the form of soda , junk food , sweets , fat and salt laden meals , and huge portions .
We have become addicted to food , and that addiction starts in very early childhood .
Kessler lays out how sugar , fat and salt stimulates the reward centers of the brain in much the same way as cigarettes , alcohol and illicit drugs .
By eating food that is extremely palatable , we keep wanting more , whether or not we are hungry .
Since highly palatable junk food is socially acceptable , and often cheaper than the healthy stuff , we keep going back for more .
The food industry knows this better than anyone .
Business Week
The cause of our hypereating is that we started eating junky , addictive food , and now we ’re adapting to that pattern .
We like the clean logic of exercising more , but reality follows our actions : start eating junk , come to expect it as the norm , and therefore treat it like the norm , then wonder why we ’re bloated .
Should this be the case ?
No , in our “ logical ” minds , we should all be hiking fifty miles a day and eating whatever we want , whenever we want .
But reality does not reward a single factor like that , but requires we consider many : exercise , type of food , quantity of food , frequency of food , etc .
In the moral view favored by most people , we “ should ” be able to choose whatever we want to eat .
A realist would say instead that given absolute choice of food , people ’s selections would break down in a bell curve : a few would choose really healthy food , a few would eat absolute garbage , and most would fall in the middle , with half of those prizing convenience — whatever ’s closest , fastest — over ingredients .
So given absolute choice , half of your population eats garbage , and the rest will happily sell it to them because of the insanely great profit margins .
If I sell you $ 5 of food for $ 7 , I ’m screwed compared to selling you $ 1 of food for $ 6 , which is a mostly accurate representation of fast food .
Moral judgments make us think that a woman should be able to dress like a slut , or act like a slut , and then the next day be accepted as a full brainiac .
But without making a moral judgment about sluts , we can see that it ’s like advertising : you draw people to you by your behavior , but different behaviors get different groups .
Here ’s another story .
A young woman goes to a seedy bar , proceeds to get loaded to the point of incoherence , and then vanishes into a back room to do a line of coke with some guy .
Three hours later she comes out in tears , saying she ’s been repeated raped .
But we have a legal quandary .
It ’s her word against the word of the dudes there .
It could have been rough sex .
It could have been group sex .
It could have been consensual , rough , group sex .
It also could have been gang rape .
And no one was coherent enough to tell the difference , or claim definitely they knew whether they were giving consent or not , or listening for it .
In a seedy bar , where many of the regulars potentially have criminal pasts , you do n’t normally want to make yourself such a target .
We could argue that you ought to be able to .
You should , in our ideal moral judgment world , be able to drink to incoherence in any bar you want to .
You should be able to pass out on a pool table and be safe .
Should , should , should .
But in reality , much like waving a steak in front of a dog , if you tempt people with impulse control while intoxicants are plentiful , you ’re going to get a powerful negative response .
Does this mean we should excuse these rapists ?
Well , there ’s should again .
Thinking practically , we probably should hang them or ship them ( regardless of color ) to Somalia where the local warlords can do as they wish with them .
Is that a moral judgment , or a “ should ” ?
No , it ’s a practical judgment : this incident helpfully reveals that these people are opportunists of the worst sort .
Since in every society these crop up in abundance , we should take advantage of this situation to get rid of some extra ones .
Does this mean we should blame the young woman ?
There ’s should again as well .
As realists , we would instead acknowledge that she made a dumb decision with predictable results .
She might have gotten away with it , but that does n’t mean it ’s a good idea .
Kind of like taunting a pit bull with steak … do n’t be surprised if you get bitten .
Hard .
So we shift her into therapy and try to teach her cause / effect logic .
If the cause is tempting a pit bull with steak , and the effect is bites , can we draw a line between the two , right like that , and you get a gold star .
Moral judgment tells us to throw all this practical thinking out the window .
Moral judgment is in fact the enemy of practicality , because it is purely social thinking , as if we were making conversation .
Is n’t it terrible that we ’re mortal ?
Yes , we should be immortal .
Is n’t it awful that some people are criminals ?
Yes , they should not be such a way .
Where a realist would just admit that criminals exist , and are not desired , therefore sending them on to Somalia is desirable , in social conversation we cannot do that — because that shows disregard for their humanity .
We can instead fall back into the comfortable world of should .
In fact , if you mention a realist position — exile all rapists , but do n’t prosecute in cases where some clueless idiot gets loaded among potential rapists — people pounce on you immediately .
They see a chance for themselves to look good by talking about moral judgments instead of reality .
Nevermind that there will always be dangers , parasites , criminals and rapists ; they keep us honest by reminding us that they are what they are , and if we get drunk to incoherence around them , they ’ll rape us .
People want to talk about should , and if you think it ’s practical to exile rapists , they ’ll defend the universal human rights of the rapists .
They talk about universal absolutes , like rights , freedom , justice , peace and equality because these sound good in conversation .
They make others listening to the conversation think the speaker is a Christ - like god among men who just wants to help all of us .
That ’s because listeners are thinking only of themselves ; when I say “ No one should suffer prosecution for one little violent gang rape , ” they ’re thinking of themselves , and by the nature of having fears , worrying that under the right circumstances , they could screw up and violently gangrape someone .
When that thought hits their mind , they want the protection of universal absolutes , even if back in realityland they ’d never get anywhere near that kind of situation .
They hear “ I should not suffer prosecution for one little accidental gang rape , ” and they ’re with me because I ’ve used an absolute to include them under its aegis .
This is why people fear situational ethics of any kind : they want a guarantee that people come first , so that they come first .
They never want other , competing simians to have a chance to shut them down , defeat them or make them look stupid in public .
This is why rights , freedoms , equality , peace and justice are popular topics with most people , but very very popular topics with people who have problems and do n’t trust themselves to have impulse control in every situation .
If you ’re the dog that lunges when steak appears , you want a guarantee that no matter how badly you screw up , you wo n’t be hung or exiled to Somalia .
There ’s a flip side to this too .
You gain power by practicing this inclusive style of public logic , which many call competitive altruism .
Competitive altruism is the practice of being more inclusive , and thus more popular with a general audience , than others .
It ’s what politicians , marketers , con men , salesmen , and religious hypnotists do .
They know most people think only of themselves , and fear that others will get ahead , so they promise them safety .
They also promote themselves by making these very popular statements , and they give their audience a powerful tool : revenge .
Revenge in the social sense is not like Death Wish III : I Will Sodomize Your Corpse .
It ’s the sense of , if someone else has said something that will require you to be obligated to move your fat ass one centimeter more than you want to , having some way to shut them down fast .
Better than a witty retort — you ’ve got a universal absolute .
The whine of a child ( “ But I do n’t want to ! ” ) gets disguised in adult language as : I have a right not to ;
You ’re not respecting my reality ; I ’m not obligated to ; I have a freedom to stay disengaged , and so on .
It ’s an excuse to remain independent , and at the same time , lessen the other person ’s social status by cutting them down .
They violated the prime dogma of the crowd and now have lost face .
Why do we like that , inner monkey and all ?
AROUND the time of the G20 summit in London on 2 April , the streets of cities across the world were filled with people protesting against the excesses of the banking bosses , among other things .
Chances are you agreed with the sentiment .
Chances are too that if you had been asked to put your hand in your pocket to fund a campaign to seize their bonuses , even if you would n’t see any of the money , you ’d have been sorely tempted .
At a meeting of London ’s Royal Society in January , Hauser reported preliminary results from experiments in which children between 4 and 8 years old were offered varying numbers of sweets for themselves and another child unknown to them .
They had to pull either a lever delivering the sweets , or another that tipped the sweets out of reach .
Infants of all ages almost always rejected one sweet for themselves if the other child was set to receive more .
The older children often also rejected sweets if they got more than the other child .
Where that kind of concern about inequality disappears to is unclear , because we adults certainly do n’t have it .
“ Imagine you have four dollars on your side , and there ’s one on the other side , ” says Hauser .
“ It ’s highly unlikely that you ’ll dump your four dollars . ”
But the negative , spiteful version persists : most of us would be quite prepared to sacrifice a dollar to stop someone else getting four .
“ Spite is the ugly sister of altruism , ” says Hauser .
New Scientist
What they ’re getting at is this : we are willing to destroy others to get ahead .
In some situations , this forms social justice .
When someone violates a taboo , like rape , we want to destroy them and will inconvenience ourselves to do it .
But when we do not have a real target , we use spite as a means of making ourselves appear to rise relative to others by the oldest means possible — pushing them down .
In a long term analysis , of course , this kind of action is destructive .
But it ’s more than a sister of altruism — it is altruism .
We ’re acting altruistic or spiteful to maintain a sense of social order for all individuals , which we then interpret as being applied to ourselves .
So we spitefully destroy others so we get universal absolute treatment , just like we demand others be included .
We are competing on the basis of appearing altruistic or righteous to others , but the real goal is to make ourselves advance .
A more sensible society would , as Plato suggests ( with his parable of the ring of the Lydian Gyges ) , have its focus on abstract goals rather than individuals .
If the goal is fairness , punish the unfair , but do n’t use fairness as a weapon ; you deprive people of fairness as a weapon when they are trying to be fair to an abstract ideal , instead of tangible people represented / hidden by an abstract symbol .
However , that requires we sacrifice our absolute universal “ right ” to think first of ourselves , and with that , our ability to let moral judgments replace reality .
That in turn suggests we give up a tangible , defensive position for one based in a long - term , abstract order of balances and harmonies instead of rewards and retributions , and that may be too much for our inner monkey to handle .
Tags : cognitive dissonance , crowdism , democracy , passive aggression , revolution , schadenfreude
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
by COLIN FERNANDEZ
Last updated at 23:13 24 October 2006
Tesco has been forced to remove a pole - dancing kit from the toys and games section of its website after it was accused of " destroying children 's innocence " .
The Tesco Direct site advertises the kit with the words , " Unleash the sex kitten inside ... simply extend the Peekaboo pole inside the tube , slip on the sexy tunes and away you go !
" Soon you 'll be flaunting it to the world and earning a fortune in Peekaboo Dance Dollars " .
The £ 49.97 kit comprises a chrome pole extendible to 8ft 6ins , a ' sexy dance garter ' and a DVD demonstrating suggestive dance moves .
The kit , condemned as ' extremely dangerous ' by family campaigners yesterday , was discovered by mother of two Karen Gallimore who was searching for Christmas gifts for her two daughters , Laura 10 , and Sarah , 11 .
Mrs Gallimore , 33 , of Ellesmere Port , Cheshire , said yesterday : " I 'm no prude , but any children can go on there and see it .
It 's just not on . "
Dr Adrian Rogers , of family campaigning group Family Focus said yesterday that the kit would " destroy children 's lives " .
He said : " Tesco is Britain 's number one chain , this is extremely dangerous .
It is an open invitation to turn the youngest children on to sexual behaviour .
" This will be sold to four , five and six - year olds .
This is a most dangerous toy that will contribute towards destroying children 's innocence . "
He added : " Children are being encouraged to dance round a pole which is interpreted in the adult world as a phallic symbol .
" It ought to be stopped , it really requires the intervention of members of Parliament .
This should only be available to the most depraved people who want to corrupt their children . "
Tesco today agreed to remove the product from the Toy section of the site , but said it will remain on sale as a Fitness Accessory , despite the fact that the product description invites users to " unleash the sex kitten inside " .
Also on sale on the Tesco website is a strip poker game , " Peekaboo Poker " which is illustrated by a picture of a reclining woman in underwear .
The card game is is described as a game that " risks the risque and brings a whole lot of naughtiness to the table .
" Played with a unique pack of Peekaboo Boy and Girl playing cards , the aim of the game is to win as many Peekaboo chips as possible and turn them into outrageously naughty fun . "
The pole dance kit is the latest item to fuel allegations that major retailers increasingly sell products which " sexualise " young children such as T - shirts with suggestive messages .
In recent years Asda was forced to remove from sale pink and black lace lingerie , including a push - up bra to girls as young as nine .
Next had to remove t- shirts on sale for girls as young as six with the slogan " so many boys , so little time . "
And BHS and others came under fire for selling padded bras embellished with a " Little Miss Naughty " logo and t- shirts with a Playboy - style bunny that said " I love boys ... They are stupid . "
Tesco last night denied the pole dancing kit was sexually oriented and said it was clearly marked for " adult use " .
A spokesman added : " Pole dancing is an increasing exercise craze .
This item is for people who want to improve their fitness and have fun at the same time . "
« previous post | Main | next post »
November 28 , 2004
Less Contempt
Kwame Anthony Appiah : November 28 , 2004
Gerald Dworkin says that Garrison Keillor 's joke was n't funny .
But it was .
( I know he meant one should n't have laughed not that one did n't .
But I do n't think one should n't have . )
It ’s a mistake , I know , to try to explain a joke , so I wo n't try ; but part of the background to why we can laugh is that nobody , least of all Garrison K , really has any intention at all of trying to stop evangelical conservatives from voting .
He was teasing them , as a moderately serious Lutheran from Lake Wobegon might tease anyone who said too much about their religious views in public .
Still the contempt issue is important and understanding it depends , I think , on recognizing an important asymmetry .
Some of those right - wing evangelicals apparently care whether or not we have a good opinion of them .
( If they did n't , the resentment they display toward the " liberal media , " would make no sense . )
Whereas I know no one among the liberal media elite or among liberal academics who cares very much that many right - wing evangelicals have contempt for us .
We care how they vote -- for instrumental reasons ; we may even care that they are mistaken , for their sakes ; but we do n't feel diminished by their contempt .
It does n't threaten our self - respect .
( The situation is analogous to the one that obtains with respect to social respect in class and status based hierarchies : a peasant can spit when milord walks by , but it wo n't damage his lordship ’s self esteem .
But when milord brings his handkerchief to his nose as the peasant approaches , the peasant is stung . )
Part of the truth here , I think , is that American anti-intellectualism contains a seam of intellectual insecurity .
It 's not that the no-nothings are sure we 're wrong , it 's that they 're afraid we 'll win the argument , because we 're better at arguing .
They feel about us the way many Greeks appear to have felt about the Sophists : sure they won the argument but that was not always because they were right .
But they 're also not sure that we 're wrong .
The discussion about what we ought to be doing about the cultural divide seems sometimes to presuppose that they'd want to talk to us if we showed up respectfully and offered , as we now say , to " dialogue . "
But they do n't want to talk to us , a lot of them .
And this , I think , is part of why .
Now all of us succumb sometimes to the temptation to look away from the evidence that might undermine beliefs we 're happy with .
So I 'm not saying that " they " are doing something " we " do n't do .
But if I 'm right , their resentment of what they perceive as our contempt reflects not a certainty that they are right but a worry that they may not be .
And if I 'm right , they may well continue to suspect we have contempt for them , however polite we are , and however carefully we police our humor .
Because the reason they worry about our supposed contempt is that deep down they actually worry about truth and reason and whether it's on their side .
Our attitudes worry them only to the extent that those attitudes reflect intellectual values they share .
Deep down it 's not our attitudes but attitudes of their own that they 're struggling with or suppressing that make the issue painful .
In sum : our contempt matters only as a projection of their doubts .
I realize that some will think this analysis is itself a sign of contempt or , at least , of condescension .
So let me make two things clear .
First , I know there are smart , savvy , right wing evangelicals who are not intellectually insecure .
And , second , appraising someone as having succumbed to one of the many forms of human escape form reason is not eo ipso to contemn them .
But as it happens , I 'm inclined just to deny that I have contempt for most right - wing evangelicals , especially the sort of people that I have in mind in offering this analysis .
I have big disagreements with them , for sure .
Even if I were still an evangelical myself - - yes , I was one once -- I would have a big disagreements with them , since I think that biblical fundamentalism demands serious attention to the texts , and many of them appeal to the texts in a way that strikes me as lacking in the requisite seriousness .
So I would be happy to talk to them on their terms about issues like gay marriage , because I think a serious Christian position on this issue would entail a kind of loving acceptance that too much right - wing Christian talk ( and here I include some Catholic and Episcopal bishops along with lay evangelicals ) does n't display .
In these circumstances I think it would be better to show up first with an offer to listen than with an offer to talk .
And here I think what Gerald Dworkin says was absolutely right .
Because once we listen we 'll find lots of things that we agree about and that we can work together on .
What would not be helpful would be a new form of condescension that consisted in pretending to think that ( what we regard as ) bad arguments and false claims bolstered by them are in fact worthy of respect .
But nobody loses the right to be respected as a human being just by succumbing to this most banal and regular of human failings .
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d834536ae669e200d83425242253ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Less Contempt :
» Left2 Right from Thoughts Arguments and Rants
There ’s been a lot of hubbub , both here and elsewhere in the blogworld , about the Becker - Posner blog .
But if it ’s intellectual firepower in a group blog you ’re after , you should be reading Left2 Right .
Here ’s its mission statemen ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 6 , 2004 10:27:59 PM
« previous post | Main | next post »
Silly Vivi , lusting after 3 people at once !
I should have more restraint .
First , there ’s Shannon , of course .
She ’s adorable , kittenish , and deliciously corruptable .
She spent last night in my bed again , wearing nothing but these adorable frilly pink panties .
They ’d probably look silly on anyone else , but they fit her innocent cuteness perfectly ^_^ Even better , I have hope again that she might be bisexual , but does n’t know it or is afraid to admit it .
I used to think that when she would get pokey from my petting , it was from goosebumps , but lately I ’ve been noticing how warm she gets , and how much more affectionate she ’s been .
Still , it could just be that she sees me as an older sister and an outlet for her emotions , and an escape from her stiff and sheltered life .
It ’s so hard to tell !
But I ca n’t just ask her , because I ’m not sure if she knows , either .
Next on my list of people I ’m lusting after are these yummy cooki- wait , I mean Daryl !
His cock is so yummy ^_^
It ’s uncut , and I love that < 3 Jason ’s cock is good , too , but it ’s a different experience to suck .
Jason ’s is super stiff everywhere , and kinda curves a bit , so it ’s almost like sucking a toy !
Everything is smooth and hard .
Daryl ’s is much softer , though , and he ’s bigger around , but prolly the same length .
Either way , I ’m just a cockwhore , and I love it ^_^
But recently I ’ve been thinking about Daryl in a different way !
He ’s really really nice , and a gentleman , and all that !
He ’s also older than me ( 29 I think now ? and I ’m 23 ) and so he has that quieter , mature personality , which I really like .
He and I are probably the tamest and quietest among our friends .
Maybe Jessica , too , but she ’s always showing off her ginormous boobies and wearing provocative outfits , so that kind of negates her demure personality .
Basically , Daryl would make a great husband , and a great father .
In fact , he is a great father : ay , there ’s the rub .
For in that sleep of death what dreams may come .
That was a pretty movie !
And Robin Williams did n’t act weird , if I remember right .
Kind of like how Jim Carrey actually acted normal in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , and I really liked that too ^_^ I wish they ’d make more of those movies , and less of their loud - n - wacky movies .
Oh , but Daryl !
Yes , he has a son , and is divorced .
Although , I think he never really got married , so I ’m not sure it ’s really a divorce .
His son is 12 or 13 so he must have been pretty young when he had him .
And his baby - momma ( I just wanted to use that word ) is completely out of the picture , which is good ’ cause apparently she was kinda a bitch .
So , Daryl ’s son is raised solely by Daryl , and thus is a wonderful , smart , polite kid who I ’d totally love living with .
Yes , I know I ’m getting ahead of myself , but the question of stepmotherness would have to be addressed eventually !
Daryl ’s been my friend for years , though , so that might make it awkward .
Also , the age difference is n’t too big of a deal , but the fact that he has a son and everything , I just do n’t know if that would work out as easily as I would want it to .
Especially considering that I ’ve never dated anyone before ^_^
The third potential target is Daniel !
Yep , I ’m back to teasing him ^_^
He ’s my personal assistant now , and I have him all to myself , and often times alone in my office , so how could I not tease him here and there ?
I have n’t done anything especially sexy , yet .
Just leaning over a lot , wearing tight skirts , that sort of thing .
The other day , I did unbutton my shirt a bit and asked him to look at some papers with me .
I held a clipboard up under my boobs , so it was painfully obvious =P
My shirt poofed out a little when I did that , too , so I ’m pretty sure he got a clear look at my bra and everything .
At the very least , he got to see plenty of cleavage .
He has a lot of self - control , but I caught him taking a few long glances < 3
I ’ve gone out for drinks with him a couple of times , after work , and he ’s really nice !
He ’s the same age as me , and really cute , and really easy to talk to .
Really !
With Daniel , the complication is that I ’m essentially his boss , and work really closely with him , and that might make it weird .
I do n’t feel as strongly about him as I do towards Shannon and Daryl , too … but maybe that ’s a good thing , because that might mean it ’s not just penis - lust or something .
Maybe I should just stick with teasing him … it could be a little game between us , where I keep going farther and farther until he can’t stand it anymore and pushes me onto the desk and holds me down and rapes me < 3
Posted in Not -Porn Link , Posts that Show the Personal Side of Vivi , Shannon , AKA Mousey Girl
The Rest of What You Need to Know About Strengths - Based Development
WHILE I DON'T BELIEVE the core of the strengths - based movement ever intended as its agenda the idea that you only need to " focus on your strengths and ignore your weaknesses , " it does n’t change the fact that that is all most people seem to hear and those that have jumped on the bandwagon , promote .
All too often the mantra , “ focus on your strengths and ignore your weaknesses ” sounds like a Get - Out - of - Jail - Free card .
An extreme focus on your strengths ( do what you like doing ) and delegate your weaknesses ( stop doing what you do n’t like ) plays well , but in reality , it can get to be a bit self - indulgent .
While there is some truth to it , it ’s more nuanced than that .
There is no arguing the fact that we all have various combinations of strengths in varying degrees .
Maximizing the use of those strengths as we can , in the context we find ourselves in is advantageous to all involved .
If you can carve out a place in the world that leverages your strengths that ’s great , but the reality is that the world keeps changing and what is required of you to stay relevant – valuable – keeps changing too .
You may need to develop a new strength and turn some of your weaknesses around .
Then there is the question of whether or not your particular brand of strength is marketable .
I may derive pleasure , feel actualized , and be in my zone by utilizing one of my strengths , but if it is n’t competitive with what others are doing with that same strength , well then , I ’ll be out of work .
Great hobby , but not a career ( at least not at my current level of competence ) .
Robert Kaiser has assembled fifteen authors in The Perils of Accentuating the Positive to help you get some perspective on the strengths movement .
Kaiser writes that the point of the book “ is not to dismiss strengths - based development . ”
It ’s really a guide to make you a “ savvier user of the strengths - based approach ” and based on an understanding that “ recognizes that both strengths and weaknesses have an appropriate place in learning and development . ”
In an interesting analysis by Korn / Ferry of 360 assessments of almost 2000 individuals , they found that most managers do n’t have the leadership strengths that their companies need for them to have in order to be effective .
The reality is , most people need to develop strengths that do n’t come naturally to them .
That means if you want to stay competitive – stand out from the crowd – you need to begin now to develop the strengths you do n’t have now that are required for your long - term success .
They bring out four ways to look at strengths :
Your Personal Best :
What comes naturally to you
Competitive Strengths : Skills that are stronger than most of your competitors
Distinctively Competitive Strengths : Strengths that distinguish you from others
Competitive and Aligned Strengths : Strengths you need for long - term career success
If you plan to succeed by focusing on your strengths , make sure you do more than just discover and build on your strengths ( your personal best ) .
You will also need your strengths to stand out compared to your peers ( competitive strengths ) .
If you want to stand out among your peers and have a better chance for promotions , make sure your strengths set you apart from other also competitive peers ( distinctively competitive strengths ) .
Finally , you better hope that your five distinctive and competitive strengths include the ones that make a difference when it comes to long - term career success ( competitive and aligned strengths ) .
We regularly tell the up - and - coming youngies to first discover their strengths , then gauge how those strengths compare to those of the people they are and will be , competing with , and finally , find out which strengths they need to fulfill their career dreams and to start working on the ones that are not up to par .
As we have stated here before , the overuse of a strength can be a weakness .
In addition , USC professor Morgan McCall writes , “ Strengths that have led to success , the very ones that advocates claim should be played to , can become weaknesses over time or in a new situation . ”
As our reality changes , we must also change .
When we rely too much on our strengths we usually end up emphasizing them to the point where they become weaknesses and derail our career and relationships .
I will say that Marcus Buckingham ’s excellent film Trombone Player Wanted does speak eloquently to the tendency to obsess on the negative and systems designed to stifle the development of our strengths and create people that fit a predetermined mold .
At the same time , as leaders , we do need to be working at placing people in positions where they can play to their strengths as much as possible .
All too often people end up in positions that they never wanted or imagined for themselves and really have no business being in .
Their effort can only be mediocre at best .
We need to utilize our strengths and be proactive in our career and life decisions in an intelligent way .
The tempering given to anstrengths - approach offered in The Perils of Accentuating the Positive helps you do just that .
The bottom line is self awareness and adaptability .
There are no shortcuts .
Play to your strengths as you can but do n’t be over - reliant on them .
Develop new strengths as required .
Manage your liabilities .
Of Related Interest :
You Can Change
Changing Your Nature
I Do n’t Like My Strengths .
Now What ?
* * *
Like us on Instagram and Facebook for additional leadership and personal development ideas .
Posted by Michael McKinney at 01:35 PM
Permalink | Comments ( 0 ) | This post is about Personal Development
In Penitents Compete ( Tovbekarlar Yarisiyor in Turkish ) , religious leaders will seek to convert at least one of the 10 atheists in each episode to their faith .
Those that crack will win a pilgrimage to the spiritual home of their newly chosen faith , Muslims will go to Mecca , Jews and Christians will go to Jerusalem and Buddhists will go to Tibet , the Guardian reports .
Browse >
Home Odd World / Strangest creature found on Earth
Strangest creature found on Earth
I do n’t think these photos requires any special comment .
These are fantastic world news worthy of headlining any newspaper around the world .
This creature , was found on Thailand , its strangely shaped body leaves a lot of mastery around it .
The photographer has captured with his camera a truly unique and amazing moment , and got himself a fantastic photographs that make up a great story .
As all good mysteries it happens in far away from the technology wonders of the modern society in Thailand .
You can see a lot of local folks in the background of these photos that seem to worship this creature they have “ found ” .
The end result is an even more absurd and even humorous scene .
They managed to get me even more amazed by this baby powder and juices they brought as a tribute to this creature .
They have even brought a fan to keep it well preserved for the scientists .
Lets turn to the main subject , or should I say object , of this photo series the fantastically colored and shaped body of the creature .
There has been a lot of debates about what this creature might be and that is exactly the beauty of mystery , the inability to solve it .
It might be some kind of strange animal , it even looks like a mythical creature .
Honestly I do n’t know what to think about this event .
These photographs do raise more questions than answers …
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday the Justice Department is prepared to defend in court President Obama 's decision to oppose the release of Defense Department photos showing alleged abuse of detainees .
Photos were leaked in 2004 showing U.S. troops abusing detainees at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
Testifying before the House Judiciary Committee , Holder repeated Obama 's assertion that the decision to oppose the photos ' release had been made " consistent with the best interests of our troops . "
Holder emphasized Obama 's conclusion that making the photos public would endanger U.S. troops and have a " negative impact " on the military situation in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Obama expressed concern Wednesday that a release of the photos could " inflame anti-American opinion " and have a " chilling effect " on further investigations of detainee abuse without adding to the understanding of past abuses .
Before Obama 's announcement , the Pentagon was set to release hundreds of photographs of prisoners in detention facilities in Afghanistan and Iraq by the end of the month .
iReport.com : Obama right on photo decision ?
The release initially was scheduled in response to a Freedom of Information Act request by the American Civil Liberties Union .
A lawsuit was filed in 2004 after the Bush administration denied the ACLU 's request .
The 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ruled last year the photos should be released .
The move would have followed Obama 's decision to release Bush - era CIA documents showing that the United States used techniques such as waterboarding .
Watch more on the dispute over the photos »
Images leaked to the news media in 2004 showing prisoner abuse caused outrage around the world .
Detainees at the Iraqi military prison formerly called Abu Ghraib were photographed in degrading positions , as Americans posed next to them smiling .
The images showed naked prisoners stacked on top of each other , or being threatened by dogs , or hooded and wired up as if for electrocution .
Obama said Wednesday that the photos he wants to withhold " are not particularly sensational , especially when compared with the painful images that we remember from Abu Ghraib , but they do represent conduct that did n't conform with the Army manual . "
" The publication of these photos would not add any additional benefit to our understanding of what was carried out in the past by a small number of individuals , " he said .
" In fact , the most direct consequence of releasing them would be to further inflame anti-American opinion and to put our troops in greater danger . "
ACLU attorney Amrit Singh said that the decision " makes a mockery " of Obama 's campaign promise of greater transparency and accountability .
" Essentially , by withholding these photographs from public view , the Obama administration is making itself complicit in the Bush administration 's torture policies , " Singh said .
Singh said the ACLU is prepared to " do whatever it takes " to have the photos released .
On other subjects , the attorney general :
Indicated that the Justice Department has begun a review of the disparity in sentencing policies for crack versus powdered cocaine ;
Said he does not know where the 241 detainees at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , ultimately will be placed , but that the government would not " release [ or transfer ] anybody who would pose a danger to the American people " ;
Promised Justice Department officials will follow the evidence and law to determine whether Bush administration officials would be prosecuted for torture ;
Asserted that he has " a fundamentally different view " from the Bush administration on the question of whether a president has the ability to detain an individual indefinitely without filing charges .
" The notion that a president in an unfettered way ... has [ the ability to detain someone ] is not something we agree with , " Holder said .
" Without being tied to some statute , some international agreement ... I do not believe the president has that power . "
All About Eric Holder • Barack Obama • Abu Ghraib
The myth of a monolithic China was shattered this past week .
Running barely beneath the surface of what the government has sought to portray as a “ harmonious ” society , the fracture created by the Urumqi and Lhasa riots threatens to shake the country .
Foreigners and the Chinese themselves typically picture China ’s population as a vast Han majority with a sprinkling of exotic minorities living along the country ’s borders .
This understates China ’s tremendous cultural , geographic , and linguistic diversity — in particular the important ...
Travis Scott has released a new song titled The Plan ( From the Motion Picture “ Tenet ” ) .
The song was produced the film ’s composer Ludwig Göransson and is said to be featured as an end credits track in the film .
The Plan has been featured in a lot of television advertising for Tenet over the last few days , including a series of tv spots that aired during NBA on TNT last night .
Also released last night was the final trailer for Tenet .
Both the song and the trailer are part of a final push of marketing before the film ’s international release on August 26th , and the US release on September 3rd .
Check them both out below :
Continue reading →
Mortgage lenders do n’t try to rework most home loans held by borrowers facing foreclosure because it would probably mean losing money , a study released yesterday by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston concludes .
The Boston Fed ’s findings suggest the Obama administration ’s major effort to solve the foreclosure crisis by giving the lending industry $ 75 billion to rewrite delinquent loans to more affordable levels is not likely to work .
One of the study ’s coauthors , Boston Fed senior economist Paul S. Willen , said the government would be better off giving the money directly to struggling borrowers to help them with their payments , rather than to lenders that are averse to working out the troubled loans .
“ Loan modification is not profitable for lenders , ’’ Willen said .
“ If it were profitable , they would go out and hire staff . ’’
US Representative Barney Frank , head of the House Financial Services Committee , said the study results may provide answers about why so few struggling homeowners have been able to get help .
Frank , a Newton Democrat , said he is holding a hearing Thursday on his proposal to provide government loans to homeowners who have lost their jobs and can’t qualify for loan modifications and other help because they do n’t have income .
“ The problem is worse than we thought , ’’ Frank said .
“ The failure to do these modifications means the whole situation stays bad longer . ’’
The Fed ’s study found that only 3 percent of seriously delinquent borrowers - those more than 60 days behind - had their loans modified to lower monthly payments ; about 5.5 percent received loan modifications that did not result in lower payments .
The study focused on 665,410 loans that were originated between 2005 and 2007 and subsequently became seriously delinquent .
It also followed about 150,000 borrowers for six months after they received help , through the end of 2008 .
The lenders may have compelling reasons not to find new borrowers to help , according to the study .
For example , up to 45 percent of borrowers who did receive some kind of help on their loans ended up in arrears again , the study found .
Conversely , about 30 percent of delinquent borrowers are able to fix their problems without help from their lenders .
“ A lot of people you give assistance to would default either way or wo n’t default either way , ’’ Willen said .
“ They are trying to maximize profits , and at this point maximizing profits does not mean modifying loans . ’’
Officials from Hope Now , the private - sector alliance of mortgage servicers and investors , were unavailable for comment yesterday .
In a lot of ways , the height of the Bush dynasty , from 2002 - 2006 , never happened as far as the chattering classes are concerned :
For moderate voters clinging to some faith in government , the question over the past two decades of mostly two - party rule was : Ca n’t Washington do anything ?
Now , with one party pretty much in control , the question has become both more hopeful and more anxious : Will Washington do anything responsibly ?
Is Hiatt actually claiming that a 3.5 trillion dollar war was responsible ?
That running up hundreds of billions of deficits during a time of economic expansion was responsible ?
That Democrats had any say in government from 2002 - 2006 ?
The period between 9/11 and Katrina was a truly embarrassing time for our government and for our press corps .
So why not just pretend it did n’t happen ?
Pretend this never happened :
I think we were very deferential , because in the East Room press conference , it ’s live .
It ’s very intense .
It ’s frightening to stand up there …
You are standing up on prime time live television , asking the president of the United States a question when the country is about to go to war .
Pretend this never happened :
In this autumn of anger , even a liberal can find his thoughts turning to … torture .
OK , not cattle prods or rubber hoses , at least not here in the United States , but something to jump - start the stalled investigation of the greatest crime in American history .
Right now , four key hijacking suspects are n’t talking at all .
And it is n’t just the media of course : it still amazes me that Hillary Clinton never addressed her Iraq war vote during the 2008 campaign .
And that her failure to address it is rarely cited as a reason why she lost .
Following up from yesterday :
After being interrogated by his factory managers for losing an iPhone prototype , Sun Danyong jumped from the twelfth floor of his dormitory at 3:33 A.M. , on July 16th .
He left behind a poignant electronic trail that provides one of the most revealing views that I can remember into life in the factories of southern China : who works where , why , and in what conditions .
Much of this remains unconfirmed , but the dramatic story contained in text messages , instant messages , and bulletin - board posts would never have been recorded ten years ago .
Sun was an archetypal member of the factory world of Shenzhen .
The Chinese press has a tendency to mythologize figures who have attracted public support , but his basic bio seems clear :
He was twenty - five years old and noticeably quiet .
He grew up in an isolated mountain village called Long Tan , in the southwestern province of Yunnan .
The family was poor enough that Sun would erase the old pencil notes from his school notebooks and reuse them multiple times .
He was smart and went on to graduate , last year , from Harbin Institute of Technology , one of China ’s best schools , with a bachelor degree in business administration .
When he graduated and started working in Foxconn last year , he told his parents , “ From now on you do n’t have to work so hard , you should enjoy a little , ” according to a profile in Southern Daily .
In his final hours , Sun told several people about the missing phone and the security department ’s interrogations .
Chinese newspapers have published what they describe as cell - phone text messages that Sun ’s girlfriend says she received in the final hours before his death .
The last message is said to have arrived at 1:48 A.M. , less than two hours before he died : “ My dear , I ’m sorry , go back home tomorrow , something has happened to me , please do n’t tell my family , do n’t contact me , this is the first time that I have ever begged you , please agree to that !
I am so sorry ! ”
Another record has emerged of what is described as a final online chat with old college friends , on the Chinese Web site QQ .
In a troubled , rambling exchange that has been confirmed as authentic by one participant , Sun insists he never stole and hypothesizes that someone had swiped the prototype without his noticing , or had pulled it out of the box after he had sent it .
Describing the role of a security chief — who has denied using force —
Sun wrote , “ Even at a police station , the law says force must never be used , much less in a corporate office .
I was just a suspect , my dear head of security , so what reason and right do you have to confine me and use force ? ”
His final line of the conversation : “ Right now I am paying the interest on my student loan .
I hope this will not affect the chances of younger people applying for loans .
I am sorry for this .
Bye , Gao Ge [ a college friend ] , rest well .
Thinking that I wo n’t be bullied tomorrow , wo n’t have to be the scapegoat , I feel much better . ”
Chinese police are investigating the case , including whether or not Sun was brutalized .
But the Chinese media and bloggers have surged to the case as a sign of workplace pressure gone awry .
They have posted what they say is a Foxconn confidentiality and non-compete agreement , which promises fines for workers who break it .
More fundamentally , they have enshrined the story of Sun Danyong as a bitter symbol of China ’s industrial age .
Anyone who likes thrillers probably knows who Donald E. Westlake is : Author of scores of novels both humorous and hard - boiled , the man whose works were made into movies including Point Blank , and Payback .
He wrote the screenplay for the wonderful The Grifters .
Lots of us love the terse , violent stories he wrote under the pen-name Richard Stark .
Westlake died on New Year ’s Eve of last year , but a never - before - published novel has been discovered and will be released by the terrific publisher Hard Case Crime .
The novel is called Memory , and it sounds not only like a good book , but like a movie - waiting - to - happen .
It ’s about Paul Cole , who ’s beaten badly when he ’s caught with another man ’s wife .
As a result of his thrashing , Cain has trouble recalling old memories or forming new ones .
He begins to rediscover who he was .
Add thrills , chills , and witty wryness .
Win or lose , and we all know there is much more losing going on these days , the Diamondbacks have a promotion with Taco Bell as most of you know , to give away three free tacos with the purchase of a large drink between 4 - 6 pm the day after the Diamondbacks score six runs or more .
Again , you get that , win or lose .
I noticed that 7 - 11 is giving away free Slurpee ’s today , July 11th .
Genius .
I ’m not sure many of us have stepped inside a 7 - 11 much lately with all the Quiktrips and Circle K’s floating around the valley .
The Dbacks should give them some love .
I have n’t had a Slurpee in years .
There are several good reasons why the Dbacks should consider a 7 - 11 promo .
First , it should be tied to wins , not wins and losses .
Let ’s be honest , the Diamondbacks , who lost in humiliating fashion a couple of nights ago to the Florida Marlins 14 - 7 after leading 7 - 0 going into the top of the sixth inning , really did n’t do much for an appetite .
Further more , when you do n’t have an appetite , who the heck wants tacos ?
Do n’t get me wrong , I love tacos , but since we know they do n’t use real meat in their tacos , it just all in all puts a sour taste in my mouth .
Sure the Dbacks scored 7 runs , but they became only the third team to give up a 7 run lead that late in the game and then lose by 7 or more .
Pathetic .
Every bit of those tacos I would have bought yesterday would have reminded me just how much Doug Slaten sucks .
It would remind me that Juan Gutierrez could n’t pitch for the Durham Bulls , much less the Arizona Diamondbacks .
It would remind me that this Boyer guy ( I call him that because I ’m still trying to figure out on what planet the Dbacks were on when they decided to pick up this treasure off waivers ) , ca n’t get an out to save his life .
So , the last thing I want is a cruddy …. and I mean cruddy , taco from Taco Bell .
I took advantage of the Taco Bell offer last week after a win against the Cincinnati Reds .
Each hard shell taco was soggy and came apart before I could even take my first bite .
Plus I had to pay $ 2.49 for a large drink that had ice filled to the top , so only really getting about 8 oz . of actual Diet Pepsi .
Soda is the cheapest thing for restaurants to have , so why all of a sudden are we overcharging the consumer for this crap ?
Pisses me off damn it !
So , I need something sweeter than some stupid tacos I picked up while running for the border .
I need a Slurpee from 7 - 11 !
Nothing would have tasted sweeter than a 7 - 11 Slurpee after Dan Haren ’s masterpiece last night in an 8 - 0 victory over the Florida Marlins .
Of course , if they did decide to tie a promo into losses on this one as well , just as when an ice cream would make it all better after getting hurt as a child , a Slurpee would take off the sting of a debilitating loss such as 14 - 7 after nursing a 7 - 0 lead .
If we are tying it into just wins , then the promo should be if the Dbacks score at least 7 runs and get at least 11 hits , then a free 7 - 11 Slurpee should be ours .
None of this tacos if we score 6 win or lose crap .
Uggh …. plus it is summer time and we live in Phoenix frikin’ Arizona .
It ’s 115 today !!
Who would rather have a 7 - 11 Slurpee at 4 pm today than 3 soggy tacos ?
ME baby ME !!
Let ’s start a writing campaign to Dbacks President Derrick Hall .
He ’s not doing anything better right now as we all know the only decent move the Dbacks have made recently to make this team better was to trade Tony Pena .
Even that though turned out to be a cruddy deal because they called up Doug Slaten to replace him .
That ’s like trading Purgatory for Hell .
When are the Dbacks going to open their eyes and see Slaten could n’t get my two - year old son out much less a major league hitter ?
Enjoy the hot day !
Scott Allen
AZScott
( CNN ) -- United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon was denied permission to see Myanmar pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi , reporters traveling with the secretary - general said Saturday .
Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been held in confinement for 13 of the past 19 years .
Ban told reporters about the denial after he met with Than Shwe , leader of Myanmar 's military junta .
" I had hoped that he would agree to my request , but it is regrettable that he did not agree , " Ban said .
" I am deeply disappointed .
I have urged them to stop the persecution of Aung San Suu Kyi and other political leaders .
It is a setback to the international community efforts to provide a helping hand to Myanmar .
Ban is in Myanmar at the invitation of the ruling military junta for talks that are expected to include the detention of Suu Kyi , as well as the detention of other political prisoners .
Officials in Myanmar delayed the resumption of the trial of Suu Kyi Friday .
The delay is the latest in a string of postponements and came as U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon arrived in the Asian nation for talks with government officials .
" The secretary - general believes that the sooner these issues are addressed , the earlier Myanmar will be able to move towards peace , democracy and prosperity , " Michele Montas , Ban 's spokeswoman , said this week .
" He looks forward to meeting all key stakeholders to discuss what further assistance the United Nations can offer to that end . "
Myanmar 's government has said next year 's scheduled elections will reintroduce democracy in the country .
Suu Kyi -- the face of Myanmar 's pro-democracy movement -- is on trial on allegations of subversion .
The Nobel Peace Prize winner and two of her maids have been charged in a May 3 incident in which an American , John William Yettaw , 53 , swam across a lake to her house and stayed for at least a night .
Myanmar 's military regime has held Suu Kyi under house arrest for 13 of the past 19 years and rarely allows her visitors .
If convicted , Suu Kyi , 64 , could face three to five years in prison .
Her trial is being held inside a prison compound near Yangon .
The proceedings have repeatedly adjourned while Suu Kyi's lawyers have challenged the court 's rulings in the case .
Ban told CNN in May that he was in talks with Myanmar 's leadership about traveling to Yangon to seek Suu Kyi's release , as well as push for democratization .
" This is an unacceptable situation when she has been under detention for such a long time , " Ban said .
" She 's a Nobel peace laureate . "
Suu Kyi has been barred for life from running for political office , but human rights groups suspect that Myanmar 's junta worries that her release would invigorate the opposition .
She has been the focus of a global campaign to free her .
Her National League for Democracy won more than 80 percent of the legislative seats in 1990 , but she was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military regime ignored the results .
It was during her house arrest that she won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 .
Suu Kyi married a British man , who died in 1999 , and they have two sons .
Myanmar 's government now says citizens who have borne children with foreigners cannot run for office .
Ban 's visit to Myanmar is his first since May 2008 .
That followed Cyclone Nargis , which killed an estimated 150,000 people .
All About Myanmar • Aung San Suu Kyi
The article ( 5 June ) by your Washington correspondent , David Usborne , concerning President Obama 's Cairo speech , was subtitled , " White House shows willingness to ignore US Jewish lobby by risking confrontation with Netanyahu over Palestinian statehood " .
The opening paragraph of the article further stated that Obama 's " chiding " of Benjamin Netanyahu " risked the wrath of the Jewish lobby in the US " .
Usborne later claimed that " Mr Obama showed he is willing , perhaps more than any US president before him , to ignore the Jewish lobby by getting firm with Israel " .
There is no point in arguing here about the real or imaginary power ( or legitimacy ) of the pro-Israel lobby in Washington .
Nevertheless , by using the term " Jewish lobby " , Usborne 's analysis is very dangerously worded and resonant with old - style antisemitic conspiracy theory .
It is dangerous nonsense to use the term " Jewish lobby " as if it is synonymous with whatever pro-Netanyahu , and pro-Israeli settler lobbies exist in Washington ; just as it is dangerous nonsense to imply that Obama 's predecessors have somehow all been dominated by the " Jewish lobby " ( remember Suez ? remember Nixon ?
Bush snr ? ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
An estimated 78 per cent of American Jews voted for Obama , and studies have repeatedly shown that American Jews favour a peaceful two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Mark Gardner
Director of Communications , CST , London NW4
In your report of the US President 's speech in Cairo , you reported that " Barack Obama risked the wrath of the Jewish lobby in the US " .
I worked with the USAF on ballistic missiles in Los Angeles in 1958 - 1960 .
My wife and I found that there seemed to be a strong antisemitic feeling in the USA ( outside Hollywood ) .
When , in 2003 , we went to a reunion in Washington DC with some of those ( very senior ) retired officers , my wife asked them directly why the US allowed such a small and unpopular minority to have such a strong influence on foreign policy .
We were both much surprised to be told that the pro-Israel lobby was strongest in the Southern " Bible Belt " .
There , in pursuit of " Rapture " and an early entry to heaven , those Christians hoped to help the takeover of the whole of Palestine by Jews .
That part of the USA was very strongly Republican ; so there had been no hope that a Republican President like Bush would do other than support Israel to the full .
It is not a Jewish lobby that is strongest in support of Israel ; it is a Republican Christian one .
Air Marshal Sir Reginald E W Harland
Bury St Edmund's , Suffolk
BNP made to look the victim
The members of Unite Against Fascism who broke up the BNP 's press conference on College Green have achieved something one might have thought impossible : they have yielded the moral high ground to Nick Griffin .
The BNP is an odious party with odious values but the ugly scenes in which eggs were thrown and Griffin literally chased off the Green will allow them to present themselves as democrats victimised by undemocratic thugs .
The BNP exploits a persecution complex among many of its supporters and that complex will only be reinforced by Tuesday 's scenes .
Jonathan Wallace
Newcastle upon Tyne
Why on earth did Unite Against Fascism pelt Nick Griffin with eggs ?
Was n't he democratically elected as an MEP for the North - west of England ?
Obviously , UAF believes that the ordinary working man , or woman , is too stupid to be entrusted with the vote .
The BNP are the party acknowledging the elephant in the room – uncontrolled immigration .
Love them or loathe them , they are addressing perhaps the main concern of many ordinary voters .
Alan Aitchison
Wakefield
Having seen how demonstrators obstruct Nick Griffin and pelt him with eggs I am beginning to think that there are two breeds of fascist : Fascists and Anti-Fascists .
Robert Edwards
Hornchurch , Essex
The BNP have gained two seats in Europe mainly due to the very low turnout on polling day .
This is an aberration and should never have happened .
I believe a lot of people do not vote because they cannot be bothered and are just plain lazy .
Why is it not law in the UK for citizens to have to vote , and if they decide they do not agree with any of the choices then there can be a box for abstentions .
This would at least mean that everyone has to carry out their civic duty and we would get an honest reflection on how the country feels .
We cannot let the BNP get a hold in this country and must find a way to prevent it – citizens must do their duty and vote .
Sandra Caplan
Bushey , Hertfordshire
The European election results were truly terrible for Labour and unsurprising .
I spent the day of the European election knocking on doors in my council ward .
Previously I had been canvassing in my potential Parliamentary constituency .
I am personally sorry for not doing more in this election and I believe that Labour did not do enough in Yorkshire and Humberside .
My grandfather fought during the Second World War , for freedom from fascism .
I will redouble my efforts to ensure that the BNP are defeated at the next European elections in Yorkshire .
I hope the rest of Labour does the same .
Councillor James Alexander
Prospective Labour MP for York Outer , York
Probation system does not work
I do agree with Jane Barry ( letter , 6 June ) that " Jack Straw 's apology is not enough " , in relation to the mistakes made whereby Sonnex and Farmer were able to murder the French students Gabriel Ferez and Laurent Bonomo .
No apology is worth anything unless the person responsible explains what steps have been taken to prevent a recurrence of the disaster .
There has been talk that 100 new probation officers will be found for London in the next two years : the shortfall is , we in the Campaign for the Reinvigoration of the Probation Service calculate , about 400 .
But even that number would not make the system workable .
The system says that prisoners are released from prison halfway through their sentence , and then must continue their prison sentence in the community .
So the unfortunate ex-probation officers , now called " offender managers " , are supposed to supervise and monitor the offenders with the same efficiency as the prison officer behind prison walls .
These " offender managers " have the absolute right in law to recall to prison any offender on this " prison sentence in the community " for any reason whatsoever .
So , if in doubt , the staff of all grades normally play safe and recall an offender at the slightest excuse .
The probation service should never have agreed to this role , but the officers were told they had no choice – accept it or leave .
Many chose to leave ; hence our inexperienced service of today .
Mr Straw should go to the root cause of the problem and abolish the National Offender Management Service , which is nothing more or less than a US - style " department of corrections " .
Will Watson
London N10
When an aircraft cannot be flown
It is , indeed , speed which makes an aircraft fly ( " The riddle of Flight AF447 " , 10 June ) .
But unreliable or conflicting indications of speed need not necessarily render an aircraft unflyable .
The speed at which it flies is determined by two factors : pitch attitude ( nose high or level or low ) and engine thrust setting .
It is possible therefore to achieve a speed within a safe range by setting the appropriate pitch attitude and engine thrust , assuming that this data is available to the crew .
If equipment failures remove attitude and thrust indications then aircraft control would be very difficult , especially at night when there is no visual horizon against which to assess attitude in pitch and roll ( wings level or banked ) .
Julien Evans
Retired Boeing 757 captain
Chesham , Buckinghamshire
Voting reform first , then an election
Many people , including yourselves , are calling for an immediate general election because of the distrust of Parliament after the various expenses scandals .
This is before there is any serious attempt at changing the workings of Parliament or the voting system , although there are suggestions that a simultaneous referendum be held on electoral reform .
If we have an election under first - past - the - post , almost certainly the Tories will get a majority .
David Cameron will immediately proclaim that their first priority is to sort out the economy and they 'll be far too busy to do anything about electoral reform , regardless of the referendum result .
Once they 're in they 'll just wait for the hoo - ha to die down and carry on as before ; we voters will have four or five years to forget about it , after all .
If the Labour party wants to salvage anything from an election , it has to change the voting system beforehand , otherwise they could be end up on a level with the SNP or Plaid Cymru .
I have voted in every Parliamentary election for almost 40 years but I have now had enough of this charade where a minuscule minority of voters determine who governs .
Until we get a fairer voting system ( and by that I exclude the party - controlled system used in European elections )
I shall be spoiling my ballot paper by writing " None of these until PR " across it .
If enough people agree with me , spoiled papers could win quite a few seats .
John Hall
Telford
The local election results will have put to bed all this silly speculation about an early general election ( you , sir , as guilty of this as anyone ) .
There is now a definite light at the end of the economic tunnel , and the longer it goes on , the brighter it will become , more or less guaranteeing May 2010 as the date .
This , coupled with the historic fact that on the actual election day , even the most unpopular governments get a bit more support than the latest polls suggest ( remember John Major ? ) , produces a distinct possibility of Cameron leading a hung Parliament with the Liberals holding the balance .
Many would see this as a good result , as it would put a lot of influence into the hands of the universally respected Vince Cable .
John Brisbourne
Dorking , Surrey
Call me cynical , but when a governing party and its leader have posted its worst electoral results since 1908 , it is not surprising that they decide to change the electoral system .
Sacha Gosling
Felixstowe , Suffolk
Briefly ...
Prince for today
The debate about this generation 's greatest portrayal of the Prince of Denmark ( letter , 8 June ) has unaccountably ignored the stand - out candidate .
Moody , indecisive , unable to communicate clearly with those around him ; Gordon Brown is Hamlet .
Frank Broughton
Brompton - on - Swale , North Yorkshire
Not too good
I hate to be profane but could Guy Keleny possibly be guilty of a grammatical error ?
He writes ( " Errors and Omissions " , 6 June ) , " the officials at the Department of Health are not preparing for a scenario , but for an actual event " .
What verb applies to the last four words ?
To get the verb to hit the right object , I recommend moving the " not " so that it reads " the officials at the DoH are preparing not for a scenario but for an actual event " .
John Vice
Brill , Buckinghamshire
Green already
Margaret Adams ( letter , June 9 ) wants a new party that is ethical , socialist and green .
What 's wrong with the old one ?
The Green Party is certainly green ( hence the name ) and ethical ( Caroline Lucas was recently voted Ethical Politician of the Year ) .
We are n't specifically socialist , but most of our policies would sit easily in the manifesto of a party that was .
How about it , Margaret ?
Bill Linton
Enfield Green Party
London N13
Good guys
Nick Danan is right ( letter , 9 June ) .
I cringe at most American attempts to improve the English language , but " guys " is an exception which I readily employ .
The nearest equivalent of UK origin , " chaps " is mildly patronising , carrying the tone of an officer addressing the ranks .
There is no real equivalent to " guys " , which implies both friendliness and equality of status .
Perhaps it is time for Sir and Madam to be relegated to the dustbin of history .
I trust you guys at the Independent editorial desk agree with me .
Chris Sexton
Crowthorne , Berkshire
With added tyranny
Having inadvertently purchased from Tesco a packet of muesli with added sugar , I returned to exchange it for one with no added salt or sugar .
The difference in price was an extra 11 p for no added salt or sugar .
It reminded me of my stay in a Romanian hotel during communist times .
Two poached eggs for breakfast were standard ; if I asked for one I was surcharged .
David Selby
Winchester
An embarrassing incident at an American Airlines maintenance base in Fort Worth left a plane badly damaged , after the landing gear retracted , sending the nose of the jumbo jet crashing to the ground .
The Boeing 767-300 was undergoing a heavy maintenance check at the company 's Alliance Airport hangar , when the nose gear suddenly folded up , as it would if the plane was in the air .
A source provided photos of the plane to NBCDFW.com .
At the time , mechanics were running the aircraft through a series of functional tests , according to Tim Wagner , a spokesman for the airline .
Amazingly , no workers were injured when the gear collapsed .
During ground tests , mechanics often sit in the cockpit or stand near the belly of the plane .
The plane has been out of service since the July 15 incident .
The airline was trying to determine the extent of the damage , Wagner said Thursday .
The company plans to conduct an internal investigation to determine how the accident happened , he said .
An airline source who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation said that the damage may be severe .
According to Boeing , the 2008 list price on a 767-300 was between $ 144 to $ 161 million .
The London Underground is the railway system serving the large part of Greater London and some of the neighbouring Home Counties , including Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire .
Usually referred to as the London Underground , or the Tube , the system sets a number of records .
The first line , now the Bakerloo Line , was the first underground system in the world , opening in 1863 .
In 1890 , the Tube was the first to have electric trains .
With approximately 260 miles of track , and 270 stations , it is the biggest metro system in the world .
In 2008 , 1.1 billion passenger journeys were made on the system .
If you ’re staying in London , you would be well advised to get to grips with the system as it ’s one of the easiest ways of getting around in London .
The system is divided into different lines , each with its own name and colour system on Tube maps .
Stations which have more than one line going through them are handy for changing from line to another .
The system has continued to develop , with most recently a major extension to the Jubilee Line which goes out to the Millennium Dome .
The Jubilee Line itself was built to celebrate the Queen ’s Silver Jubilee in 1977 .
The system does not operate all around the clock .
It does on New Year ’s and Day and for particular special events such as the Queen ’s Jubilee in 2002 , but in general trains start running on most lines between 4.30 and 5.30 am , and stops between 1 and 1.30 am .
Because the system is so complicated , a stylised map of the Tube was first designed by an underrated engineer , Harry Beck , in the early 1930s .
It became a design classic , and was adopted around the world .
The common red circle with a blue line across holding the name of the station has been used since the earliest days of the 20th century .
Fares on the system vary .
London Transport as a whole is divided into 6 zones , which are concentric circles .
The centre of London , for example , is Zone 1 .
Zone 6 is the far outer edges of Greater London .
Almost all the Tube stations have ticket barriers , and you must buy a ticket before you descend to the platforms to catch a Tube train .
The World Health Organization says some students in New York infected with swine flu had not traveled to Mexico and must have contracted the disease from returning classmates .
That is significant because it suggests the swine flu virus that is suspected in dozens of deaths in Mexico is now strong enough to be passed among people in other countries , raising the likelihood of a flu pandemic .
There had been suspicions that the diseases was being passed from human to human outside of Mexico , but this is the first confirmation .
WHO flu chief Dr. Keiji Fukuda said Monday that global health experts are examining the situation closely .
But he said it was still too early to say if a pandemic that threatens the entire world is " inevitable . "
Dear Colleagues :
Many animal advocates assume that we need an organization –some organization –in order to advocate for nonhuman animals ; that we need a leader –some leader –to show us the way .
I suggest that this is the wrong way to look at things .
Unfortunately , in a world in which everything is commodified , social justice has , not unsurprisingly , itself become a commodity and it is sold , in various flavors , by corporations that compete for shares in the market for compassion .
These companies have done a marvelous job in convincing us that participation in all moral struggles , including and particularly the struggle for animals , means writing a check –to them .
In a world in which we accept a thousand different hierarchies without even noticing that we do so , and without even questioning the very concept of hierarchy , we assume that we need leaders to show us the way .
These leaders are generally the executives of the compassion companies .
And merely to disagree with their pronouncements is to be branded as “ purist , ” “ elitist , ” divisive , ” as a “ basher ” or one who “ vilifies , ” or as one who “ does not care about animal suffering , ” etc. , etc. , etc .
I suggest that this way of thinking stands in the way of achieving the goal that we seek .
We are not going to get anywhere by tinkering at the edges .
We are not going to get anywhere by promoting cage - free eggs , “ happy ” meat , or organic milk .
We are not going to get anywhere by sitting naked in cages and proclaiming that we are pandering to the sexism that insidiously corrodes our culture “ for the animals . ”
That whole approach merely reinforces the notion that we can consume our way out of injustice ; that we can trade one form of exploitation for another ; that we can buy compassion .
We can’t .
In a world in which women , people of color , children , the elderly , the mentally disabled , the poor , and other humans are treated as second class citizens ( at best ) by the select patriarchy that runs the show , nonhuman animals are , in many ways , the most vulnerable among us .
We can not only torture and kill them with complete impunity , we are expected to do so .
Although violence against another human may incur some form of social criticism or even a criminal sanction , violence against nonhumans is generally considered as a virtue , particularly when it is declared to be “ humane . ”
Those who refuse to participate in the carnage are regarded as abnormal and antisocial–even by , and particularly by , the large animal organizations that proclaim that to eschew all animal products and promote veganism as a moral baseline is “ extreme . ”
It is wrong to characterize the farmers or vivisectors or furriers as our “ enemies . ”
They are simply fulfilling a demand –from us .
They are simply doing what we want them to do .
They are not the problem–we are .
The abolition of animal exploitation requires a paradigm shift .
It requires that we reject violence at its most fundamental level .
It requires a recognition that violence is inherently wrong .
The abolition of animal exploitation requires a nonviolent revolution–a revolution of the heart .
That revolution is not going to occur as the result of any leader .
It can only occur within each and every one of us .
And it can if we want it to .
We do not need leaders .
We need to recognize that each of us can–and must –become a leader if we have any hope of sorting out this mess that we call our world .
That starts with our own veganism–not as some sort of “ flexitarian lifestyle ” issue–but as a basic , fundamental , and non-negotiable commitment to nonviolence .
Ethical veganism represents our commitment to the notion that we have no moral justification for using animals –however “ humanely ” –for our purposes .
It continues with our daily efforts to educate others in creative , positive , and nonviolent ways about veganism –something that each of us can do if we want to .
Every day , we have opportunities to educate family , friends , colleagues at work , and people that we encounter in a store or on a bus .
Is it easier to write a check to someone else than do the work ourselves ?
Of course it is .
But it wo n’t work .
To achieve justice , we do not need large animal organizations .
Indeed , the more that we rely on them , the further we will stray from our goal .
The large animal groups are businesses .
They are selling “ happy exploitation . ”
We need a grassroots movement that demands peace –including peace between humans and nonhumans –in a peaceful way .
Unfortunately , animal organizations have become modern sellers of indulgences similar to the medieval Catholic Church .
Many–perhaps most–people have some concern about the matter of animal exploitation .
Many have nagging guilt about continuing to consume animals products .
Many love their nonhuman companions and treat them as family members , but stick forks into other animals and , on some level , recognize the moral disconnect .
But not to worry .
Make a donation and these groups will make it all better .
They will “ minimize ” animal suffering ; they will “ abolish ” the worst abuses .
I suggest that just as buying an indulgence from the Church would not keep you out of hell if hell exists , buying a few shares of cage - free egg compassion from some organization is not going to keep animals out of the hell that most certainly exists for them and in which they suffer and die every day .
We need to change the way in which humans think about nonhumans ; we need to change the way that humans think about violence .
Whether it ’s wars to achieve peace , or sexism to achieve gender equality , or more “ humane ” animal torture to achieve greater consciousness about animals , we need to challenge the very notion that violence can be used as a means to some laudable end .
Please understand that I am not saying that those involved in the welfare or new welfare groups are insincere .
For so long , we have all been told that it ’s the only way .
That it is welfare reform or nothing .
I am not making any moral judgment about them as individuals and I hope that they are not making any moral judgment about me even though they reject the abolitionist approach to animal rights that I have developed and defend .
I just disagree with them , and I point to the present state of affairs as compelling proof that their approach to the problem simply is not working .
If anyone regards these comments as “ bashing ” or “ vilifying ” anyone , please know that certainly was not my intention .
Gary L. Francione
© 2009 Gary L. Francione
P.S. This came out in the Huffington Post today .
Anyone who thinks that this is helping animals is , I respectfully suggest , deluded .
We will never stop animal exploitation by promoting the exploitation of women .
Needle points north on vinyl sales
John Egan , a local blues / rock musician , flips through the vinyl records in Cactus Music .
John Egan , a local blues / rock musician , flips through the vinyl records in Cactus Music .
Photo : Karen Warren , Chronicle Photo : Karen Warren , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Needle points north on vinyl sales 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Over the past year , the increase in stories about the Return of Vinyl have mirrored vinyl sales themselves .
This is likely because the old record is a rare area of discernible growth in music retail , and these days people will run with anything on the rise .
CD sales have fallen about 45 percent since 2000 , but vinyl is moving in the opposite direction , albeit at a less sharp angle .
According to a recent Los Angeles Times report , more than 1 million vinyl albums sold through the first five months of 2009 , which puts the format on target to easily exceed its 2008 figure of 1.88 million , according to Nielsen SoundScan .
That figure is often hitched with the killjoy notation that it nevertheless makes up less than 1 percent of all music sales in the country ; Nickelback , for instance , sells that many CDs in a month or two .
The toe - in - the - water exploration of vinyl as a source of revenue is further evidenced by the fact that Best Buy — the country ’s third largest music retailer behind Apple and Wal - Mart — got into the action last month .
Best Buy won’t , however , be receiving an invite for the new Vinyl Saturday , a Record Store Day initiative launching this weekend .
Still vinyl sales are important to smaller stores .
Michael Kurtz , co-founder of Record Store Day , a coalition of independent music retailers , suggests that vinyl averages between 3.5 to 7 percent of indie retailers ’ sales .
Local retailer Cactus Music reports 20 percent of its overall sales are from new and used vinyl .
“ Vinyl ’s not going to go away , ” says Andy Kotowicz , vice president of sales and marketing , at the Sub Pop record label .
“ If the CD did n’t kill it , I do n’t know how the download could .
It ’s as impractical and bulky as ever .
If it was going to die , it would ’ve been 10 years ago .
We ’re thrilled to see the sales as interesting as they are now .
But is it ever going to be the main delivery method ?
Absolutely not .
Is it ultimately going to make up for lost sales ?
I do n’t think so .
But it means something to people .
Nobody feels sentimental about CDs , but they do about vinyl . ”
Monthly Vinyl Saturday
Toots and the Maytals ’ Funky Kingston record was between Radiohead ’s In Rainbows and Depeche Mode ’s latest .
Quinn Bishop , owner of Cactus Music , thinks vinyl is a niche market that requires low quantities of greatly varied product , which does n’t fit with Best Buy ’s limited variety , heavy volume .
“ It ’s not like Best Buy put a huge model train section in the store … but it ’s not that different , ” he says .
That said , Bishop points out , “ it ’s to a certain degree cool because not every kid with a turntable has an independent store around the corner from them . ”
Some avoiding CDs
Because of its cost , vinyl — unlike CDs — ca n’t be returned to the record label if it does n’t sell .
Bishop suggests there would be an independent retailer fury if the policy was altered for Best Buy .
But Kurtz says “ stores are a little paranoid because the box stores work creatively to get better terms .
Maybe they do n’t get returns , but they ’ll lobby for more marketing dollars and then just fill the garbage dumps with unsold albums .
“ It goes back to that idea that was so problematic with CDs : undervaluing the product .
This sort of thing has happened in the past . ”
Some artists are now sometimes avoiding CD production altogether or using it almost as a flier .
Local musician Robert Ellis pressed vinyl of his new album , figuring anybody who wanted it digitally would just share it .
He gives away homemade copies of the CD at shows , though he says “ people seem to feel guilty and they buy the vinyl . ”
Ellis did n’t have the money to make both a proper CD and record .
The profit margin on the vinyl is less than it would be on a CD , but he says he ’s “ overall happier with the product . ”
Kotowicz says some of the label ’s smaller bands see 30 percent of their sales in vinyl .
The uncertainty is how many people can make money off vinyl .
Ellis ’ scale is smaller — he printed 300 LPs — than a band like Radiohead , which sold more than 100,000 copies of its last album in a CD / vinyl package .
Ellis ’ unit cost was $ 8.50 for the first pressing with a retail price of $ 14.95 .
( Note : That cost included the expensive “ plating ” process from which the vinyl is pressed .
Since Ellis owns the plate now , subsequent pressings will be cheaper . )
It ’s small change compared to bands with five - and six - figure sales , but it keeps the music and the money closer to the artist .
And without as many hands touching the money , a mid-level band could conceivably find a way to make some combination of music ( through a label or not ) and merchandise and touring pay the bills , the polar opposite of the mammoth deals signed by Jay - Z , U2 and Madonna with large corporations .
Kotowicz would n’t rule out the idea of such a grass - rootsy viable business model but suggested a long overdue overhaul of the entire industry was required before a solution would be found .
The best chance
Still , vinyl stands the best chance to salvage the idea of a tangible album .
Many artists are reluctant to call the album dead , despite the fact that digitizing it allowed the dismantling of a set of packaged songs .
With pop singles relegated to download only , vinyl might be the last haven for bundled music with cover art and notes .
After years of programming CDs , some artists raised in the digital era seem to be returning to a classic album length between 35 and 45 minutes .
Austin musician Ben Kweller ’s latest , Changing Horses , is short : 10 songs , five per side , closing the first with a ballad and opening the second with an uptempo song .
“ It ’s completely old school — an album made for vinyl , ” Kweller says .
“ It was all analog transfer .
These songs never touched a computer . ”
The packaging of Elvis Perkins ’ Elvis Perkins in Dreamland album included a break between two middle songs .
Perkins was philosophical on the subject .
“ We knew we were going have two sides on the LP , ” he says .
“ So it ’s printed that way on the CD .
We were charmed by the mystical object that is an LP .
I ’ll take that sort of reference in the cold and binary world we live in these days . ”
andrew.dansby@chron.com
Kick Her In The Guts Trev! by PAH
Filed under : February 10 , 2010 , 6:56 amFiled under : Uncategorized Welcome to another season of the Rugby Roundtable Podcast !
Since 2006 ; when New Zealand still had n’t heard the word Podcast , the Rugby Roundtable has been spreading the word of Rugby to the online audience , and now 164 episodes and 4 years later it ’s time to kick things off again .
This year there some interesting changes have been made , the first is that the show is now being released in three segments across the week .
These segments will allow me to talk in greater depth about Rugby in different regions of the world and so easier for those of you who would like to hear more about Rugby closer , rather than sit through 30 - 40 minutes of stuff that you are not so into .
This change breaks away from the single show that is standard amongst Podcasts and I hope each segment will develop into it ’s own very entertaining entity , it may seem a little weird at first but I think it is a innovative approach that will work out well for you the listener as it keeps the Rugby Roundtable sounding fresh and different from the rest of the productions in the genre .
Because you are a subscriber you wo n’t pay any more than you already have , it just means that there will be three updates a week .
Segments will be broken into Southern Hemisphere ; featuring Super Rugby , NZ NPC , Currie Cup and Tri-Nations , Northern Hemisphere ; covering Celtic League , Top 14 , English Premiership and 6 Nations , while International will deal with rest of the world giving focus to Asia , Canada and the United States .
Over the following weeks the shows will pick up tempo and audience favourites , such as Emails From Around The World , Music Time and Rugby Roundtable News will return plus I hope to crank out a few more features where possible .
The only thing left for me to add is that I need your help to grow the show so please invite as many people as you to can to subscribe , as you know this is fully independent production , it is not sanctioned by any governing body and advertisers are still wondering if advertising online works … go figure .
So click here and begin your journey in 2010 : The Rugby Roundtable Podcast Piki Mai , Kake Mai , Nau Mai , Haere Mai – Welcome to the new season …
Kai Ora !
Jedi
2010 Rugby Roundtable Super 14 Picking Comp by PAH
Filed under : February 9 , 2010 , 10:57 pmFiled under : Uncategorized
Is ready to roll thanks to the fine people at Superbru .
Simply enter the Pool Code ‘ cainzeal ’ here Plus we ’ve got some prizes for you this year as I did n’t manage to get Santa ’s Sack ’09 out , there ’s a good stash of kit to send out to the eventual winner , plus this year you could end up on the show so stay tuned .
Join up and take on former international Stephen Bachop and myself as we get ready for 16 great big weeks of Super 14 action , the last season before Melbourne joins in next year .
Click – Click – BOOM !
Journo Behind Bars 2 – the day after by Juice
Filed under : Rugby , Sport September 6 , 2009 , 4:32 amFiled under : NZ Rugby Kia Ora .
What a week it has been – I ’ve spent the last seven days living the life of a rugby journalist and I have n’t even got a back page byline or a massive hangover to show for it .
A few years have passed since I ’ve been a full - time participant in the art (? ) of “ serious ” journalism , but in the lead up to last night ’s Wallabies v Springboks test at Suncorp Stadium , I ’ve been involved in all the media action .
My exaulted position as observer of all things criminal in the rugby universe ( Australians , for the uninitiated ) for the Rugby Roundtable earned me the right to full media accreditation and everything that comes with it .
So I dusted off the notepad and the voice recorder , packed up the laptop and hit the track , sniffing out leads , stories , controversy or even just Peter de Villiers saying something stupid .
As I said , it ’s been a while since I performed any “ serious ” journalism ( I believe nothing should be taken too seriously , least of all journalists ) and I think the last proper article I had published was a feature on pornography usage amongst generation X , so jumping in to cover a Tri-Nations test was a distinct change in the program , despite the fact that both subject matters involve a lot of groaning and shame .
The build up during the week involved attending press conferences , training sessions ( purely watching , although many journos could probably represent their countries if drinking was an Olympic sport ) and other media opportunities , and it was all fairly sedate .
Media kits with all the facts and figures are supplied , players and coaches are readily available , team media co-ordinators are all - too - willing to help and there ’s plenty of ingredients provided with which to cook up a good story .
I managed to get a few interviews , and listeners to the podcast would have heard some excerpts of those , despite the fact it has become blatantly obvious that I need a new digital voice recorder .
Also blatantly obvious is that despite their reputation on the field , when they ’re off the pitch the Springboks are the nicest , most polite and gentle chaps you could ever hope to meet at the local Parish prayer group .
At the Thursday press conference , Victor Matfield even bore a slight resemblance to the picture book illustrations of Jesus I remember from my youth .
As I watched him gently lean towards the microphones and softly heap praise upon the Wallabies , I had to picture him concussing Byron Kelleher with a dodgy late forearm back in 2005 , to stop myself from offering him a scone and a cuppa , or at least trying to buy a copy of The Big Issue from him .
Despite all these soft assignments proving to be both cushy and enjoyable , the real fun started last night , as kick off drew close and with it , the anticipation of everyone with a job to do , be it on the field or off it .
I decided to use my free public transport pass and catch one of the buses that left from the city to get to the ground .
A great idea and very convenient , but the downside was that I was trapped in a confined space with 50 Australians .
Needless to say , I kept a very close hold of my laptop and other valuables .
I had an ipod to block out the inane chatter of the Wallaby hordes , but the one sense I could n’t turn off was that of sight .
The Wallaby jersey has undergone numerous changes over the last decade , none for the better , and the various shades of orange , mustard yellow and off - green were disturbing .
A large group of people in Wallabies attire gives the overall visual effect of a laundry truck exploding , and showering everyone with dirty nappies .
I took my place in the press box about 45 minutes before kick off and immediately made the most of the free coffee and food .
I also had a look for the Fox Sports commentary team , without any luck .
It was probably for the best , because If I had caught up with them , the resulting outburst would surely have seen me removed from the premises .
I know Aussies are n’t used to black people , but I can’t forgive them for using only one name for both All Blacks wingers a couple of weeks ago – Joe Rokocoko got through a lot of work that night while Siti Sivivatu did n’t even seem to be on the field …
As I drank my third cup of coffee and watched the final warm ups , two things interested me – the first being that Tatafu Polota - Nau was apparently still unable to throw straight and Frans Steyn was the only player from either team that was practicing place kicks from anywhere other than right in front .
As it turned out , neither issue mattered , as the Wallabies did n’t have one crooked throw to the lineout all night , and Morne Steyn did all the placekicking and did n’t miss one either .
As the players took the field , everyone rose for the national anthems , even in the press box .
I was surprised and a bit annoyed , because space was at a premium and negotiating a laptop , match programme , media kit and coffee cup around South African journalists as big as the Springboks themselves was no mean feat .
Then I dropped my notepad down the back of the chair in front of me .
In the end I only stood up because the two French journalists next to me did , so it was all in the interests of impartiality I assumed .
I was proved to be wrong though , as journalists from both sides cheered their respective teams heartily throughout the match .
I did get excited when Jaque Fourie nearly scored , but that was only because I had money on him .
Ultimately , my impartiality was borne of my natural Kiwi dislike of the Wallabies , balanced by the need to see the Boks lose for the All Blacks to stay alive in the tournament .
I ’m sad to say the the French journalists were cheering for the Wallabies .
Treachorous bastards , it was like the Rainbow Warrior all over again .
As the game kicked off , it quickly became apparent that we were in for a show .
All the pre-match predictions of a boring game or Springbok walkover were squashed like Stephen Moore ’s nose as the Wallabies span and ran the ball at every opportunity , aided by the addition of an outstanding halfback , with Will Genia ’s service allowing Matt Giteau and Berrick Barnes to express themselves and really get the game moving .
To make this brief , the match highlights for me were Sitting next to the South African SuperSport TV commentary team .
Bobby Skinstad ’s enthusiastic and educated commentary was a pleasant change from the biased and ill - informed screaming and bad jokes from Fox Sports Will Genia ’s disallowed try .
It probably was a try , and the little fella certainly deserved one , but the overwhelming crowd chant of “ bullshit ” after the decision was one of the loudest I ’ve ever heard , and something I will cherish forever
The mass exodus of South African journalists from the press box after James O’Connor scored five minutes from fulltime .
Who says you have to watch the whole game if your team is losing ?
Pek Cowan ’s introduction with 90 seconds to go .
Blokes used to only leave the field if they had broken limbs , and sometimes not even then …
Frans Steyn attempting to boot the writing off the ball , but slipping and falling flat on his arse .
I ’ve got nothing against the guy , but 48,000 people laughing simultaneously can’t fail to provide a feel - good atmosphere .
The All Blacks still have a shot at the title .
Afterwards , we all heaped on down to the media room in the bowels of the Stadium .
Robber Deans was very happy , openly admitting that the Wallabies had planned to “ take the Boks out of their comfort zone ” by forcing them to play “ a style of rugby that they have n’t been made to play yet ” .
The unspoken message was clear – the Boks are good , but not as good as they been allowed to appear .
The Boks were subdued but predictably polite , and Peter de Villiers made no sense , but sadly did n’t say anything ridiculous or inflammatory .
The large graze on John Smit ’s face probably did n’t hurt as much as his pride , which had been crumpled like the Bok scrum was on a couple of occasions , with Smit bearing the brunt of it .
He hinted at some dissatisfaction with referee Wayne Barnes , saying that he must have been tired in the last 20 minutes , and allowed the Wallabies to take liberites at scrum time .
In the end , both teams wanted to get away from the press and the ground , and a mini-scramble ensued over whose players were going to be brought out for one - on - one interviews first .
The Boks pushed in by simply walking their players into the room , then the Wallabies decided to do the same .
Faced with jostling for space with 20 other journos , to get time with 10 different players who really did n’t feel like talking , for interviews I did n’t even need , in a room the size of a modest public toilet , I took the only real option and left .
Good coffee though .
Juice .
Journo behind bars by PAH
Filed under : September 5 , 2009 , 11:57 amFiled under : Uncategorized Kia Ora all .
Here I am in the press box of Suncorp stadium in lovely Brisbane .
The wallabies , or mossy rotting pumpkins as I call them – look at the uniform – have just done the unthinkable and turned over the world champion Springboks and sent the criminal crowd here into orbit .
Honestly , they ’ve completely lost their shit .
This must be like conjugal visit day .
Got to head to the press conference now .
More reports to follow .
Juice .
All Bound For Sydney Town . by PAH
Filed under : August 19 , 2009 , 10:12 amFiled under : Uncategorized I guess the lesson to be learnt here is that if you want to cheat , for gods ’ sake do n’t use a Winger .
Dean Richards now has a few years to remember that one .
Secondly do n’t take Cocaine and then prance around in public baths , there seems to be a substance abuse problem with the Bath players – they are lacking substance by the look of things .
I know its condemning them as poor role models , but let ’s not forget that they are Rugby players , MPs are still getting paid plenty and then promoting their shining moral character so do n’t get blinded in the forrest by the trees .
Life as a Kiwi just got a little blacker this week as the Diamond Dan and Quadzilla return to the starting Blackness against the Criminal Element this weekend .
The Crooks will be smarting after the pumping they copped at Newlands and sure to provide a challenge to an Black XV that by normal standards has been operating below par .
I know it seems tough on the All Blacks to say that , but if I ca n’t be honest then I may as well work for mainstream media .
As for the game ?
Read in for Rodney says that he ’s clearly the player that is covering more ground at Number 8 , the Aussie game plan does a lot of pressure on 8 , 10 , 15 and 7 as a group and it seeks to deconstruct the All Blacks by running up the fatigue meter on these individual players .
One way out of the ‘ negative gain ’ trap is to repeat what the Royal Green did and simply kick more accurately , but with the selection of the two Fijians can expect to see sideline to sideline attack ?
Or will it be bombs away with the two of them tearing up the field create pressure ?
One thing seems certain for the Blacks now however .
McCaw is no longer the biggest threat in world Rugby on the ground , Brussow has taken over as the premier fetcher in the world , some will say Williams from Wales but it depends from set piece where you are thinking about hitting the defensive line and for the Almighty Blackness it appears to be well and truly outside Second Five - Eighth , where McCaw still dominates all in the chase game .
Inside that mark now The King needs to deal with the little bruiser who is a more compact version of Josh Kronfeld , he ’s a grappler and his superior sense of spacial awareness has seen him hit the ball carrier , the ground and then his feet in fluid succession , while he ’s been able to get those arms around the ball and contest possession .
He looks like he ’s been trained by the Gracie family , on the ground he is deadly and it will take some special play to counter his advantage , the upshot of it all has been a resurgent South Africa who are playing the counter - ruck game with incredible intensity .
In the first match of the Tri-Nations this year it came down to a destructive ten minute period after the half time break by the All Blacks to pressure the Crooks and finally win some of the collisions , to that point they were firmly in the game .
So now this weekend Black people the world over wonder if we can set up the win through the forwards .
With the knowledge that Carter and Quadzilla are back in the set up , but relatively green considering where they have been individually the pack will need to really turn up the heat at breakdown and set piece time to give their jewels the time and space to dominate the element .
On the other side Rocky Elsom returns for the Criminals and that might be all they need to spark a much needed revival so late in the piece .
Robbie needs a win , the Crooked nation demands a win , but the biggest winners of a Crooked win will be the FoxSports Commentary team …
Good Journey My People . by PAH
Filed under : August 11 , 2009 , 7:18 amFiled under : Uncategorized
You know one of the most saticfying things about being a gig online is the advice you receive , check this out from Mark Forsyth the CEO of http://www.yourbigears.com, it typifies the uncharted good will amongst the audience while we here at RRT get into this business proper .
Hi I ’m sorted now .
Using chrome was the problem with the actual download .
Would pay to say you only support firefox and ie
The process is very confusing in any case .
Someone just subscribing to the podcast needs to start at whip.podbean.com not www.podbean.com
That is key to a good “ user journey ” on this one .
Cheers , Mark
What I can say is that we ’ll keep trying to promote this piece of advice so that more you have fewer problems as you join , naturally the feedback I get from the audience is going to the Podbean team so that their service improves as well .
So thank you Mark for taking the time share some of your experience with the rest of us .
Jedi
Do n’t Be Scared … by PAH
Filed under : August 7 , 2009 , 5:43 amFiled under : Uncategorized
If you ’re around Wan Chai on Saturday night , come and get on it with us .
YOUR STORIES
By Krassimira Twigg
BBC News
Twenty years ago , on 17 April , Poland 's communists agreed to hold elections and to allow the Solidarity movement to take part .
The first democratic elections in the Soviet bloc resulted in the eventual collapse of the communist regime - but for most of the 1980s , Solidarity had been an illegal organisation whose members faced a constant risk of arrest .
Natalia Borysewicz and her sister acted as couriers for her father
For their children , these were years in which the excitement of a secret and forbidden life could easily turn to heartache .
Natalia Borysewicz , now in her thirties , was given important jobs by her father , a miner and Solidarity member at the brown coal mine near their home in Belchatow .
" He was using us kids as couriers to smuggle underground literature .
We did n't fully understand what we were doing , but it was very exciting .
We knew we should n't mention to anybody what was discussed at home .
" Although we were heavily indoctrinated at school , our parents educated us at home and so we ended up with two versions of education . "
Filip Sikorski was another child whose family was involved with the workers rights ' movement .
His father , an engineer , introduced Solidarity to his computer institute in Warsaw , and sometimes travelled from place to place , distributing illegal literature .
Filip remembers how proud he was when his father would ask him to help carry the materials to the train station .
" His rucksack was full of magazines and forbidden books , like Orwell 's 1984 .
I had to keep quiet about it .
We were always afraid that the doorbell might ring one morning and it would be the police . "
Martial law For Natalia , the excitement came to a sudden end on 13 December 1981 , when the Polish government introduced martial law in an attempt to crush political opposition .
Thousands of people were arrested .
Natalia now works for a bank in London
Her father spent eight months in prison without charge or any indication of when he would be released .
" I remember very well how our life was with dad in prison .
It was very tough for my mum .
They say ' poor men ' , but I say ' poor women ' , as it was the women who had to deal with everything . "
Natalia remembers that her father maintained his sense of humour even in prison .
On one of her visits he gave her a badge he had made for her to wear , which read : " I am the daughter of a political prisoner . "
After he was released , the authorities offered the family the opportunity to emigrate .
" We visited a couple of foreign embassies to make enquiries , " Natalia says .
" To my disappointment my parents decided to stay .
My dad thought it would be cowardly to leave the country , so this was his sacrifice . "
Life went back to normal for the family , although Natalia 's father withdrew from the political movement .
" He was more of a veteran , my dad .
He did n't want to be the guy at the front .
Anyway , towards the end of the 1980s , being a member of Solidarity was n't much of a heroic thing anymore , it became easier and more mainstream . "
Radical change
The speed of the developments in 1989 took everybody by surprise .
February saw round table talks between the communist government and the opposition , which led to the first democratic elections in the Soviet bloc and an overwhelming victory for Solidarity .
Filip ( centre ) celebrates Poland 's
Yes vote in the 2003 EU referendum " What followed was a radical change , " says Natalia . " Young people like me benefited hugely .
The change opened the world for us .
Look at us now , I work for a bank in London , and my sister works for a big international company in Poland . "
Natalia is proud her father was part of those momentous events and she thinks that if it had n't been for Solidarity , Poland would n't be where it is now .
" We are an enterprising nation and we started flourishing .
We are confident now .
We are citizens of Europe . "
The events filled people with excitement - and worry .
The Red Army was still present in the country and the memories of what happened in Czechoslovakia in 1968 ( when Soviet tanks crushed resistance ) were all too vivid .
Poles will tell you two things with pride - that they started the 1989 revolutions , and that instead of receiving international aid , they are now strong enough to donate it
BBC diplomatic editor , Brian Hanrahan
How Poland became an aid donor For Filip , the turning point was when in August 1989 Tadeusz Mazowiecki was appointed the first non-communist prime minister in the history of post - war Poland .
" It was an unforgettable moment : all our dreams and hopes came true .
Finally , the people of Poland were in charge of our country . "
Filip now works for an international company and regularly travels on business to other European countries .
He is delighted that Poland is now a member of Nato and the EU .
But while the majority welcomed the changes , others felt disappointed .
The transition from a planned to market economy meant that some companies went bankrupt and jobs were hard to find .
Gone was the sense of security enjoyed under communism .
" Communism is like living in jail - you are provided for , you do n't have to worry about food , but you have no freedom , " says Filip .
A new beginning Natalia is proud of her father 's contribution to democracy in Poland Natalia 's father is 67 years old now .
He won a presidential award for his contribution to Polish democracy .
" From time to time he puts on a suit and goes to meetings .
He is very proud of his contribution .
He jokes that he even wears his medal in bed . "
But this recognition came with a bitter aftertaste .
When his personal file was declassified , he discovered that close friends he had trusted had betrayed him .
Filip 's father is now 72 .
He runs his own IT business , employing more than 60 people .
The collapse of communism gave him the opportunity for a fresh start in his fifties .
" There 's no stopping him now .
He is doing very well and is not even thinking about retirement .
He says that communism stole 40 years of his life and he now has to make up for it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Text Rotation with CSS
Once again , after reading somebody else 's article , I felt inspired to put together an alternative example .
In this case : Text Rotation .
Within the article I linked to , the example uses an image sprite and a sprinkle of CSS to get things positioned right .
Well , maybe not so much a sprinkle .
It 's like the top fell off the pepper shaker and you 've suddenly got a large pile of pepper on your food .
It makes me want to sneeze .
Thankfully , many of the popular browsers of today support the ability to rotate HTML elements .
Even better ?
We can make it work in Internet Explorer ( back to version 5.5 even ) .
How you might ask ?
Okay , let 's look at the HTML .
< div class = " example - date " > < span class = " day " >31</ span > < span class= " month " > July < / span > < span class= " year " >2009 </ span > </div >
Nice and clean without too many extras .
I conscientiously chose the date order I did to avoid having to use a comma .
Otherwise , an extra span would be required to remove the comma from our final design .
The Magical CSS
For Webkit and Firefox ( as of 3.5 ) , you can take advantage of the proposed transform property to handle the rotation .
Each browser requires its property prefix for now .
- webkit - transform : rotate ( - 90deg ) ; - moz - transform : rotate ( - 90deg ) ;
In order to perform a transformation , the element has to be set to display : block .
In this case , just add the declaration to the span that you want to rotate .
When it comes to effects in Internet Explorer , there is a surprising amount of power ( and untapped at that , I 'd say ) in using filters .
Although misleading , there is a filter called BasicImage that offers up the ability to rotate any element that has layout .
filter : progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.BasicImage(rotation=3 ) ;
The rotation property of the BasicImage filter can accept one of four values : 0 , 1 , 2 , or 3 which will rotate the element 0 , 90 , 180 or 270 degress respectively .
The BasicImage filter has other properties that can be set such as mirroring , masking , greyscale and others .
Alternatively , you can take advantage of the Matrix filter but the coordinates still do n't make any sense to me .
In action
What does this look like in action ?
Take a look at this page in Safari , Firefox or Internet Explorer and you should see something that looks like the following image .
Probably the biggest downfall is the lack of consistency in text rendering .
Internet Explorer will drop ClearType on any text that has a filter applied to it .
You can also see the spacing between the day and the year is different between Safari and Firefox .
The differences in text rendering make it more difficult to create " pixel perfect " layout .
Here 's hoping the article has offered up a little inspiration and shown that even IE has a few tricks up its sleeve , allowing us to pull off some layout fun .
Chris Hogg
BBC News , Shanghai
No parade will be staged , to avoid provoking Shanghai 's authorities A week - long gay pride festival gets under way in Shanghai this weekend , the first time the city has held an event like it .
There will not be a parade .
The organisers took legal advice which suggested that might get them into trouble with the authorities .
Instead , there will be film screenings , talks , an art exhibition and a large , all - day party at a privately - owned venue .
Gay sex was decriminalised in 1997 in China .
Before that , people used to be prosecuted under " hooliganism " laws .
Homosexuality was described officially as a mental illness in China until 2001 .
Although China is a very conservative society , surveys suggest the majority of the population are reasonably tolerant of gay people .
However , there is intense pressure on young Chinese to get married , so it can be difficult for gay Chinese to be open about their sexuality .
The state - run English newspaper , the China Daily , has in the past suggested that official statistics estimate the number of gay men and women in mainland China to be around 30 million , or just under 3 % of the population .
It admitted , though , that few are willing to acknowledge their sexuality .
Official suspicions
The two women who head up the team organising Shanghai Pride are both Americans who live have lived in the city for a few years .
The fact that they are both foreigners is perhaps no surprise .
The Chinese government is often suspicious of any large public event , especially anything that might look like a protest or a demand for greater rights .
The organisers hope to raise awareness in Shanghai of gay issues " That 's why we 're not doing a parade , " says co-organiser Tiffany Lemay .
" There are special considerations when you organise an event like this in China , " she explains .
" No marching .
We 're holding all the events at private establishments . "
They feel , though , that as foreigners it is perhaps easier for them than their Chinese colleagues to promote the event .
" We can get away with more , " says Hannah Miller , the other co-organiser .
They have tried to do all they can to avoid getting closed down , before the event has even begun .
" Our lawyer suggested we publish all our promotional literature only in English , " Hannah says .
" The advantage of that is that it does n't draw so much attention , or make it sound like we are trying to get people involved in gay rights or in any sort of protest . "
" Basically we were told that if we framed it as a party for foreigners , as entertainment , then we would have more chance of success . "
Despite this , the two women are hoping they will attract a crowd of up to 2,000 people , both foreigners and Chinese , for the party to mark the end of the week 's events .
' Alternative ' Sociology lecturer Yu Hai from Shanghai's Fudan University thinks it is unlikely the authorities will try to stop it .
" Ordinary people wo n't be surprised , or shocked about this , " he says .
" There 's enough space in Shanghai to hold a gay event . "
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
And yet a few gay venues in Shanghai are not taking part because they do not want to draw too much attention to themselves as gay businesses , Pride 's organisers say .
" In the past homosexuals were regarded as bad people , " says the lecturer .
" Nowadays no - one thinks they are bad , but they are still considered to be ' alternative ' .
What 's changed is that people think they are alternative , but they believe they should have their own rights , be able to make their own choices . "
The two women hope the week - long festival will offer Shanghai 's gay population the chance to be a little more visible .
" I 'd like people in the city to understand more about gay people , " Tiffany says .
" That they do exist , that they 're welcomed and accepted here . "
" A few years ago Shanghai would n't have been ready for an event like this , " Hannah explains .
" But now , " she says with a broad smile , " we feel it 's the right time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ digg - reddit - me ] I ’m struck by the similarities between the spirit of the Iranian election – and the subsequent protests – and the Lawyers Movement in Pakistan this March .
In both cases , the government promised to honor certain principles and then went back on its word – in Iran , by holding an election ; in Pakistan , as President Zardari promised to reinstate Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry to the Supreme Court .
Then both went back on their word – and the people , to their credit protested .
They were cynical about the motives of these leaders – but they refused to react with world - weary cynicism .
They knew hope – and in their hope , they gained strength .
The elite power brokers in both nations believed they could get away with whatever they wanted – apparently believing that elections and campaigns and laws were merely a cover for their power politics .
But the people took these ideas seriously .
In Pakistan , President Zardari made a campaign promise to reinstate the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court known for his independence .
Justice Chaudhry had been removed from his post when he appeared to be preparing to declare President Musharaff ’s declaration of martial law illegal – and this act by Musharaff was considered the final straw by many in Pakistan frustrated by how the Rule of Law was constantly subverted by the elites in their power games , thus holding their entire nation back .
So began the Lawyers Movement which fought to restore the Rule of Law , to remove Musharaff from power , and to reinstate the Chief Justice .
After achieving some measure of the first two objectives , forcing Musharaff to resign and electing a new president , Zardari , having promised to uphold the Rule of Law and reinstate Chaudhry – the movement seemed to have won .
But after months of stalling , it began to seem as if Zardari had no intention of restoring Chaudhry .
Rallies continued – led by different groups across the country – building in intensity – and in a dramatic series of events , a key opposition leader broke out of house arrest to participate in a massive protest to force the reinstatement of Chaudhry .
As a final show of determination , a series of rallies was supposed to culminate in a march to the Pakistani capital from all directions as the people took back their capital .
In the midst of this chaos , the police and military for the first time in Pakistani history refused to control the demonstrators and stood aside .
On the verge of this demonstration , Zardari gave in – reinstating the Chief Justice this March .
In Iran , the extemist mullahs panicked as the people rejected their hardline , isolationist views in favor of the offer of rapprochement with the West offered by Obama .
Despite the fact that only candidates hand - picked by the Guardian Council were running – and that the reformers were led by a candidate described as an Iranian Michael Dukakis – and despite the fact that state organs and the Supreme Leader clearly favored Ahmadinejad – a grass roots movement took root on Twitter , on Facebook , in text messages , in blogs , in enormous rallies held by Mousavi in the weeks leading up to the election , and in shouts from the rooftops after the election when all other methods of communication had been cut off .
And in all liklihood , according to polls by the Iranian government before the election , and leaked results after it , Mousavi won a resounding victory .
And so far , the people have not backed down – as they continue to rally and agitate .
After declaring the results of the election “ divine , ” the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamene has begun to show signs of relenting as he has ordered an investigation into vote fraud .
Couple this with the rash of resignations and unprecedented public protests by top Iranian leaders and clerics , and there is the potential for real change .
It seems hard not to connect these two demonstrations for political rights in Pakistan and Iran .
And to note that leading them is the exact young generation of Muslims whom we were so afraid of after September 11 .
One of the recurring themes of Osama Bin Laden ’s rhetoric – and one of the key sources of his legitimacy – is his outrage at the corrupt dictatorships ruling the Middle East – which makes these demonstrations of the people on the edges of the Middle East reminding their leaders that they cannot tread lightly over the consent of the governed all the more significant .
And perhaps , Obama saw this before most – as he called in his Cairo speech for “ a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals ” that “ government [ should be ] of the people and by the people sets a single standard for all who hold power . ”
Obama explained that legitimacy is gained “ through consent , not coercion . ”
It remains to be seen if the Iranian protests will be successful – though the fact that Ayatollah Khamenei has ordered an investigation into vote fraud is a slight sign to be hopeful .
A stronger sign is what forced him to call for the investigation – as over this weekend in the streets of Tehran we saw a largely peaceful and determined insistence by the Iranian people on a government by consent , not coercion .
[ Image from Andrew Sullivan ’s blog . ]
Like Loading ...
I have not seen as much activity from Goldman Sachs as I thought I would on
my little honey pot .
This is all so far .
Then again , this has n’t even been up 24
hours yet :
204.4.131.140 2009-07-07 12:01:17
/?paged=2
Referrer : http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rls=com.microsoft%3A*&q=Mr.+Aleynikov+strat&aq=f&oq=&aqi=
Hostname : cflodc1.gs.com *
SEARCH ENGINE : Google ( page : 1 ) *
KEYWORDS : Mr. Aleynikov strat
Other interesting visits :
Citadel Investment Group
64.22.160.1 2009-07-07 11:53:59
/?p=9712
Referrer : Direct hit
Hostname : cit1.citadelgroup.com
InfoNgen is the first Discovery Engine for business , finance and information professionals that knows what ’s critical to you .
Extracts relevant and timely information buried on the web , within emails , in desktop documents or on network drives .
Identifies trends and connections between topics , companies or products that might not otherwise be apparent .
And delivers results in real time .
63.87.234.186 2009-07-07 05:12:58
/?p=9712
Referrer : Direct hit
Hostname : host186.infongen.com
—
Batterymarch is a global equity specialist , investing in approximately 50 countries for clients around the world .
Our unique quantitative strategies combine the power of technology with the wisdom of experienced fundamental investors .
199.58.12.24 2009-07-07
21:12:51
/?p=9712
Referrer : http://www.google.com/reader/view/
Hostname : smtp.batterymarch.com
—
U.S. Army
128.190.125.2 2009-07-07 17:59:55
/?p=9712
Referrer : Direct hit
Hostname : wks125-2.belvoir.army.mil
—
Clough Capital
74.201.46.1 2009-07-07 17:38:18
/?p=9712
Referrer : Direct hit
Hostname : host1.cloughcapital.com
—
Microsoft
131.107.0.101 2009-07-07 17:09:44
/?p=9712
Referrer : From your blog
Hostname : tide531.microsoft.com
—
The Benefit Company
66.184.209.18 2009-07-07 16:20:15
/?p=9712
Referrer : Direct hit
Hostname : 66.184.209.18
—
At ECBridge™ , we know that information is the lifeblood of today ’s business .
Our experienced , international team helps clients plan , implement and manage innovative e-business solutions .
We can help your firm gain competitive advantage , by extending the reach of your company ’s information .
207.111.251.165 2009-07-07 16:12:14
/?p=9712
Referrer : Direct hit
Hostname : mail.ecbridge.com
—
New York City Police Department
206.212.185.216 2009-07-07 12:49:12
/?p=9712
Referrer : From your blog
Hostname : 206.212.185.216
—
City of Houston
204.235.227.149 2009-07-07 12:05:43
/?p=9712 Referrer : From your blog
Hostname : 204.235.227.149
—
Note : U.S. Department of Homeland
Security is obsessed with this post , and with Cryptogon , today .
There are at least a couple of DHS employees who read Cryptogon as a matter of routine , but the activity over the last 24 hours shows 10 visits , 43 page views from five different hosts / IPs :
sbcp5.dhs.gov 204.248.24.164
bcp1.cbp.dhs.gov 63.167.255.151
bcp3.cbp.dhs.gov 63.167.255.153
sbcp6.dhs.gov 204.248.24.165
sbcp3.dhs.gov 204.248.24.162
Shelly and I spend a lot of time talking about how to do this and how to do that .
We get feedback that this is helpful .
But lately , I ’m getting curious about all the ways I and other parents do things completely off script , out of bounds and with little or no precedent .
Outside the box , if you will .
I realize that when enough people do things “ differently , ” we create new norms and new trends — hence , the phrase “ conscious parenting : ” let ’s choose what we want to create instead of just rehashing what our parents did just because it ’s all we know .
( We might still choose to do all or most things the same way , but choosing is different than repeating on auto - pilot ! )
So , when my partner and I decided to separate , we did things very differently than most other folks I ’ve met .
In some ways , this came naturally , since we had a marriage that was pretty different , at least in some ways , from most .
But that ’s another story .
First off , we lived together for a year and a half after we decided we were no longer going to be romantic partners .
For a long time , even though we had separate bedrooms , Cainan did n’t even know we were n’t “ married ” anymore .
After all , we still did our daytime activities pretty much the same as before .
When he learned we’d be separating into two households , Cainan started to talk about the new arrangements with excitement in his voice .
I asked him how he felt about the upcoming changes .
He said , “ Good , ” and kept on talking .
Granted , he may have , and continue to have challenges around this .
But it wo n’t be because we told him something bad was happening .
We never sat him down and said , “ We ’re getting a divorce , ” because those words never felt true to his dad and me .
What was true was that we got along much better after splitting up , and are now extremely close , beloved family members — for keeps .
This year and half has helped create a gentle transition .
Because we ’ve done everything so far without lawyers , the language we ’ve used , the terms we ’ve set , and the tone we ’ve created , have all been our own , and all been , for the most part , infused with love and gentleness .
So , what Cainan knows is that “ Da - da ” and I need a situation where we each have a little more space to live our lives the way we want .
He knows we ’re still a family , still love each other ( we hug a lot ) and deal with most of our differences peacefully .
I realize I am extremely lucky , blessed , fortunate , or whatever you want to call it .
Not everyone can create this kind of separation .
I could n’t have done it without a cooperative partner .
But my point is , when I looked around at how people did things , I saw much more abruptness and disconnect than I wanted .
I saw systems , language and behaviors I would have been terrified and distressed to engage in .
I , too , played a part in that I decided I wanted to do things outside the box .
This decision helped create the situation I ’m fortunate enough to find myself in now .
Even though the decision to separate was difficult , and I went through a period of deep grief , I found peace on the other side .
And my son ’s dad kept his hand extended to me throughout .
Together , we created our own sweet , loving way to do things .
Today , I remain as much a part of his extended family as ever .
Love truly does make a family .
We made our own way to this unusual reality .
And you can make your way to yours , too .
In fact , I bet you probably are doing a number of things your own way already , just because you ’ve found something that works better than what you ’ve heard ( or maybe got an idea and ran with it ? )
Do you have a situation in which you see the expected script but want to create your own ?
Or do you see a situation you ’d like to create differently but are n’t sure how ?
Please share what you ’ve created , or would like to create in the comment box below …
So here 's the basic story : President Obama sat down for an interview with Fox News ( guh ! ) , and Major Garrett asked him why he could n't admit the West won the Cold War through the leadership of American presidents .
President Obama ( who probably laughed at the ridiculous assumptions in Garrett 's question ) said that while it was important not to diminish the role that Eastern Europeans like Lech Walesa and others played in securing their own freedom , he also was proud of the role America and American presidents played .
Then , Sean Hannity decided he wanted to attack President Obama as some kind of America - hating commie - fascist , so he decides to claim that President Obama ( a ) refused to say whether we won the Cold War ; ( b ) refused to acknowledged the role America and American presidents played in winning the Cold War ; and ( c ) diminished the accomplishments of people like Lech Walesa .
How did Hannity accomplish this very dirty trick ?
Easy : all he had to do was cut out significant portions of President Obama 's answer , turning the meaning on its head .
Watch :
Media Matters has a great compilation clip of Hannity 's crops .
A person who is intentionally cruel , obnoxious and heartless .
Assholes are most often male .
A female who follows these traits is referred to as a bitch .
Assholes can take any form .
Knowing this allows you to spot assholes at any time or place .
Be warned that an asshole is not synonymous for douchebag .
A genuine asshole is the lethal combination of intelligence and arrogance .
Assholes will attempt to humiliate you , and unfortunately , they generally succeed due to their intelligence .
Douchebags , on the other hand , consist of only arrogance .
They only think they are smart .
Douchebags do not know they are douchebags because of their extreme egotistic tendencies .
However , the asshole will always know they are an asshole .
Though the appearance of assholes does not follow a stereotype , behavior does .
Assholes tend to :- ENJOY NOTHING MORE THAN BEING AN ASSHOLE . - Smirk .
A lot .- Argue for the sake of arguing .
- Laugh when they win an argument .
- Never let you hear the end of the argument they won .
- Participate in arguments they know they are not going to win .
- Not stop arguing until you give up because there 's no point in arguing anymore even though you know you won - Associate your giving up with their victory .
- Point out every flaw your argument has , regardless of the subject .
All the asshole cares about is making people look stupid .
-Physically push you around to get under your skin .
- Ambiguously answer your questions .
- Deny that they are assholes out loud .
Thousands of beneficiaries could soon be flipping burgers under a deal between Work and Income and McDonald's .
Social Development Minister Paula Bennett revealed the agreement during a select committee meeting at Parliament yesterday .
The agreement will provide up to 7000 unemployed for the fast - food chain 's restaurant expansion plans over the next five years .
During a debate on unemployment numbers , Bennett said Work and Income was taking an innovative approach to finding work for the 2700 people a week now signing on for the dole .
She said Work and Income was placing about 1600 people a week in jobs , leaving a weekly increase in beneficiary numbers of 1100 .
Unemployment was rising more sharply than in previous recessions and was having a " major impact " on the economy , Bennett said .
She said the rise in beneficiary numbers had cost taxpayers $ 1.2 billion since last October , and the Treasury forecast that total benefit - related expenditure would rise by $ 4.9 b to hit $ 38.6 b over the next five years .
On current projections , unemployment would reach 80,000 by early next year and peak at 90,000 the year after still short of the 168,000 unemployed at the height of the 1996 recession .
Under the deal with McDonald's , Work and Income would help with the recruitment and training of 7000 staff in service roles and " positions which provide a career path " , Work and Income deputy chief executive Patricia Reade said .
"
We 're very pleased that we will be able to offer unemployed people over the next five years opportunities in the food and hospitality trade , " she said .
McDonald 's intends to open 30 new restaurants over the next five years .
Labour employment spokeswoman Ruth Dyson said that while jobs at McDonald 's were better than being on the dole , the plan was " not the best example " of the Government 's commitment to " upskilling the economy " .
The deal followed the Government 's decision to cut a tertiary education training allowance for beneficiaries , she said .
"
If that 's the vision for employment in New Zealand , it 's got quite a few pieces missing out of the jigsaw , " Dyson said .
Prime Minister John Key said he was concerned about the extra money required to fund benefits .
" When we spend a lot on benefits it means there are a lot of New Zealanders not really earning a lot .
Life on a benefit is not exactly a luxurious life , " he said .
The recession has led to the Government postponing an election pledge to make people on the domestic purposes benefit go back to work once their eldest child has turned six .
( CNN ) --
An Ohio firefighter faces jail time and may lose his job for shooting his two dogs to death rather than pay to board them while he went on a cruise .
Columbus , Ohio , firefighter David Santuomo shot his two dogs in his home 's basement , prosecutors say .
Columbus firefighter David P. Santuomo , 43 , took Sloopy and Skeeter to his home 's basement , suspended them from a pipe near the ceiling and fired at least 11 shots from a . 22 - caliber rifle fitted with a homemade silencer , Franklin County Prosecuting Attorney Ron J. O'Brien said .
Santuomo then wrapped the carcasses in plastic and dumped them in a trash bin behind Firehouse 27 , where he worked , O'Brien said .
" This is pretty heinous , " said Cheri Miller , spokeswoman for the Capital Area Humane Society , which carried out a search warrant in Santuomo 's home .
The humane society has limited law enforcement powers in Franklin County .
Santuomo pleaded guilty in June to two misdemeanor counts of improperly killing a companion animal and a felony count of possession of a criminal tool .
Santuomo had fashioned a makeshift silencer by taping a 2 - liter soda bottle to the end of the rifle .
The incident happened in December .
Miller said appalled fellow firefighters turned Santuomo in to authorities .
" There were reports that he was bragging about this , " she said .
Do n't Miss Read the search warrant
Santuomo initially told investigators the dogs had ingested antifreeze and he killed them to put them out of their misery , Miller said .
However , after necropsies showed the dogs were not poisoned , the firefighter admitted shooting them because he could n't afford to board them , she said .
Public records show Santuomo has twice filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection and underwent a home foreclosure in 2003 .
The Columbus Division of Fire has received more than 2,000 outraged e-mails and calls from the public , said Battalion Chief David Whiting , the department 's spokesman .
" People are not very happy , " he said .
" We had people say they should do to him what he 's done to the dogs .
A lot of people want him fired .
They do n't want him coming into their house .
They 're worried about their animals ; they 're worried about their kids .
They 'd just as soon let their house burn down if he shows up . "
The Division of Fire has concluded an internal investigation , including interviews with Santuomo , Whiting said .
The report now goes to Fire Chief Ned Pettus Jr. , who will schedule a disciplinary hearing .
Punishment , if any , could range from a verbal reprimand to firing , Whiting said .
With appeals and possible arbitration , the whole process could take a month or more , he said .
In the meantime , Santuomo is working in the division 's fire alarm office , " where he is not dealing face to face with the public , " Whiting said .
If he remains employed with the fire division , he will return to his regular assignment , though that could bring a new set of challenges , Whiting added .
" If someone did this that worked next to you at work , how would you feel about working with him ? "
Whiting asked .
" We 'll cross that bridge when we come to it .
...
There are a lot of options . "
Santuomo has only minor disciplinary matters , such as tardiness , in his record , Whiting said .
Santuomo was sentenced to 90 days in jail , to be served in 10 - day increments over the next two years .
He also has to pay $ 4,500 in restitution , perform 200 hours of community service , stay away from companion animals for five years and write a letter of apology to be published in the local newspaper and the International Association of Firefighters magazine , the humane society 's Miller said .
Santuomo's attorney said that his client is remorseful over his actions and that people need to temper their outrage .
" It 's the same old story .
They could n't care less about people and they love animals , " lawyer Sam Shamansky said .
The firefighter , who could not be reached for comment , has no criminal history other than traffic violations , Shamansky said .
" It , of course , was a heinous act , and it's an act for which he 's sorry and has accepted responsibility , " Shamansky said of the dog killings .
" He 's been punished appropriately , and I think it 's now time for the public to practice what they preach and show a little forgiveness and mercy .
Maybe that might be a novel approach . "
All About Columbus ( Ohio ) • Criminal Sentencing and Punishment
Urban1 Cycle came across Alan T. and his sick blue Eddy Merckk Pista ..
Not a huge fan for blue , but this really caught my eye with how clean his bike is and very good photography ..
Check out some pics shot by Alan .
Alan ’s Blue Beauty Spec’s
1986 /87 Eddy Merckx Pista
Columbus SLX tubingfull Suntour Superbe Pro groupex
MKS RX - 1 pedals
Sakae SR seatpost
Selle San Marco Rolls saddle
I can think of several rational reasons why they might prefer to use virus rather than symbiont .
For one thing , " symbiont " is probably not part of the active vocabularies of a large part of their intended popular audience , which would certainly make it a less effective metaphor .
For another , as Wikipedia states , " the definition of symbiosis is in flux . "
When I was in high school in the late 80s , the definition we learned had only positive connotations , much like the one still given by Collins Essential English Dictionary : " a close association of two different animal of plant species living together to their mutual benefit . "
It ’s true :
In the popular mind , “ symbiosis ” connotes win-win , even though it does n’t technically mean that , much as “ virus ” connotes win-lose , even though it does n’t technically mean that .
So my proposed replacement for virus was no better than what it was meant to replace ; the cure was as bad as the disease .
So what term should Dawkins and Dennett use ?
Yet another reader provided an inspiration :
I completely agree with your post on rational atheists as it is written .
But , I was under the impression that clarity in this area is precisely the reason Dawkins adapted the term " meme " to describe an idea that is transferred " virally " , but confers an evolutionary advantage on the host .
Actually , no , Dawkins emphatically did not say that a meme by definition confers an advantage on the host .
But he did n’t say it confers a disadvantage .
In principle , a meme can do either .
That ’s why , come to think of it , “ meme ” is the perfect term for religious belief .
In fact , when Dennett introduced the term , in the final chapter of The Selfish Gene , he used belief in God as an example of a meme .
Why did n’t Dawkins just stick with this properly neutral analytical term , rather than load the dice with the term “ virus ” ?
A theory suggested by my aforementioned post is that back in 1976 , when The Selfish Gene came out , he had n’t yet developed a sense of enmity toward religious believers / belief , but later encounters with them fostered such a sense .
So far I have n’t heard a better theory .
But I ’m sure Dish readers will be happy to fill this void .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Blog Latest
Marie Kondo says to dispose of clutter .
I say you should dispose of people .
Here ’s why …
So , one of the first rules of “ Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up , ” is , “ take each item in one ’s hand , and ask , “ Does this spark joy ? ”
If it does , keep it .
If not , dispose of it .
… and while I love Marie Kondo ’s rule , I think you should take this one step further .
Do n’t just apply [… ]
Some insects and sea creatures produce sperm that is up to 10 times bigger than they are .
Now scientists have used an innovative new x-ray technology to show how this bizarre situation evolved over hundreds of millions of years .
Advertisement
It sounds like a genetic aberration , but supergiant sperm can actually be an evolutionary advantage in several species .
Fruit flies are a just a few millimeters long , but their sperm are 6 cm long .
To top that , a human male would have to shoot out sperm that are up to 60 meters long .
Another super giant sperm producer is a type of ostracod , a sea crustacean that looks like a tiny snail less than a centimeter long .
Its sperm grows up to 10 times longer than its body .
Here you can see an X - ray holotomograph of some super giant sperm .
Advertisement
Scientists have known for a while that one way males compete to inseminate females is by producing massive amounts of sperm .
The more sperm you produce , the more likely that it will reach the egg before the other guys ' sperm does .
But in some species , it turns out that the winning sperm are always the biggest .
If you can produce a sperm so big that it pushes all the other sperm out , your genetic material wins the race to the egg .
This is exactly what happened in fruit flies and among some ostracods .
( Pictured is the Ostrocada known as a mussel shrimp . )
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Among super giant sperm producers , females have developed a special cavity that takes up to a third of their bodies to store the super giant sperm of their mates .
Here you can see one such cavity , in an ostracod , which is only about half - filled with sperm .
A paper published this afternoon in Science reveals how a group of scientists led by Renate Matzke - Karasz used a cutting - edge imaging technique called " synchrotron X - ray holotomography " to understand the evolution of this bizarre reproductive tool .
Advertisement
Matzke - Karasz and her team looked at ancient examples of the ostracod by selectively subjecting it to radiation in the synchrotron .
This allowed them to examine a fossil that was over 100,000,000 years old , whose soft tissues had been preserved .
It is extremely unusual for a fossil this old to contain any soft tissues , but the ancient ostracod was preserved in a region off the Brazilian coast where the soft tissues of many sea creatures have been preserved .
Here is what the X - ray holotomography revealed .
According to Giles Miller , of the Natural History Museum in London :
We obtained an excellent image of the reproductive apparatus of the fossil ostracods and were in for a real surprise .
Our results show that these 100 million year old Cretaceous ostracods were already reproducing with giant sperm .
Advertisement
Added synchrotron researcher Paul Tafforeau :
Holotomography is a non-destructive imaging technique like computer tomography , where powerful and coherent synchrotron X - rays are used .
With this method , a three - dimensional image of the inner structures even of microscopically small objects can be reproduced without doing any damage , with contrast and precision levels not reachable with any other techniques .
Advertisement
The researchers knew the fossilized ostracod had been mating with giant sperm because of this revealing holotomograph of a female ostracod .
Because its soft tissues were preserved , scientists could see that it had a massive receptacle for super giant sperm .
The image also showed that this female had recently been inseminated .
The receptacle would only be this large if it had contained a giant sperm or two .
Explained Matzke - Karasz :
Until now , it had been unknown whether giant sperm ostracod sperm arose multiple times over the course of evolution , like those of Drosophila , or whether they have been a persistent feature in certain groups for millions of years .
This question can now be answered once and for all : giant sperm have been produced in at least some species over long periods of time , even though they come at an extremely high price for both , males and females .
The next stage of our research is to try to understand why and how it has persisted for so long .
Advertisement
via Science Express and Eureklert
Accused file - sharing defendant Jammie Thomas and the RIAA will meet again in Minneapolis this month for a retrial of the only such case to reach a jury verdict .
When they meet , the two sides wo n't agree to much ; in fact , a joint court filing this week shows that lawyers for both sides can only agree on three facts :
Record labels did in fact print copyright notices on their CDs
Jammie Thomas did subscribe to Internet access from Charter
The Media Access Control ( MAC ) number of Thomas ' cable modem was 00028ACF5590
Everything else is up for grabs .
There 's plenty to argue about , too .
Thomas ' new lawyer will claim everything from " she did n't do it " to " it 's fair use " to " huge damage awards are unconstitutional , " all the while facing some pretty damning evidence .
Both sides this week submitted to the judge their own " statements of the case " — documents that lay out how they plan to proceed .
After spending some hours poring over the various court filings , it 's possible to sketch out in advance of the retrial how the major themes will develop and what the evidence presented in court will look like .
Consider this a preview of Capitol Records v. Thomas , round 2 .
Fight !
Jammie Thomas ' statement of the case
Buckle up , because this is going to be a white - knuckle ride through the Tunnels of Logic .
Thomas says that she will prove the following :
That she " never used KaZaA at all "
That every WMA song on her computer was ripped from her CD collection
That she " did not download and share any of these songs "
That her alleged file - sharing conduct — which , remember , she did not engage in — " did not cause substantial harm to the RIAA and would not even if widespread "
That any infringement she may have committed — with the KaZaA program that she did not use — is " fair use "
In addition , she will force the RIAA to prove that " Jammie downloaded each song or distributed it to an actual third party . "
This was the problem the last time around , as the judge threw out Thomas ' guilty verdict because of a single RIAA - backed jury instruction which equated making a file available over KaZaA with " actual distribution . "
Thomas also makes the case that the statutory damage maximums in this case ( up to $ 150,000 per song ) are unconstitutional " because they are stunningly disproportionate to the actual damages suffered by the RIAA . "
This time around , the RIAA will have to prove that actual transfers were made .
The group has told Ars in the past that this will be no problem ; its investigator , MediaSentry , did in fact download a number of tracks from a computer alleged to belong to Thomas back in 2005 .
Problem solved , right ?
Not so fast , says Thomas — distribution to a third party should not include " MediaSentry , the RIAA 's agent . "
This looks to be a tough case to make , since courts have long granted private investigators the right to take exactly such steps to prove copyright infringement at photo shops and other places .
The RIAA points this out in response .
In fact , in the first Thomas trial , the judge noted that " distribution to MediaSentry can form the basis of an infringement claim ...
Eighth Circuit precedent clearly approves the use of investigators by copyright owners . "
In addition to all the other claims , Thomas wants the MediaSentry evidence thrown out altogether , a strategy that looks more likely to succeed based on Minnesota law governing private investigators .
( MediaSentry obtained no such PI licenses in the states it operated . )
Finally , Thomas also makes the case that the statutory damage maximums in this case ( up to $ 150,000 per song ) are unconstitutional " because they are stunningly disproportionate to the actual damages suffered by the RIAA . "
In fact , the first line of Thomas ' " Statement of the Case " stresses this point , saying that the record labels " seek $ 3.6 million in statutory damages under the Copyright Act . "
This number comes from multiplying the 24 songs at issue here by $ 150,000 , although the RIAA has never actually asked for this amount of money .
The number is left up to the jury to decide upon , and the first time around , they chose a number just south of $ 10,000 per track , rather than the $ 150,000 maximum .
And , if statutory damages are constitutional , such damages should n't apply anyway because Thomas was a " noncommercial infringer . "
Whew !
The RIAA 's statement of the case
The RIAA 's case is less convoluted .
On February 21 , 2005 , MediaSentry detected 1,702 songs being shared by a KaZaA user with the IP address of 24.179.199.117 .
The username on the account was " tereastarr@KaZaA . "
MediaSentry downloaded some of these songs , logged the whole event , and then sent instant messages to the account in question , warning them about copyright infringement .
( These messages constitute one of the RIAA 's exhibits . )
With the info in hand , the recording industry then filed a " Doe " lawsuit and obtained judicial permission to file a subpoena on Charter Communications .
Charter said that the subscriber at the IP address in question , at the time in question , was one Jammie Thomas .
The RIAA still can't shy away from a bit of rhetorical overreach .
For instance , it says in an early footnote that Thomas was distributing 1,702 digital audio files " to millions of users on a peer - to - peer network at the time Plaintiffs ' investigator caught her doing so . "
Fair enough , but we 've seen plenty of errors creep into this process .
Does the recording industry actually have any corroborating evidence ?
It does .
A later forensic search of Thomas ' machine turned up cached browser pages showing that Thomas had used " tereastarr " as her username on EA Sports , Match.com , and Yahoo — and the screenshots to prove it are also on the RIAA 's exhibit list for the case .
Other explanations are still possible .
Thomas could have run an open WiFi access point — except that she did n't own one , a fact that emerged during the first trial , and if she did , it would n't explain the " tereastarr " username .
Thomas did get a computer science professor to testify to 14 ways her IP or modem MAC address might have been spoofed or framed , but most are breathtakingly unlikely ( MAC address spoofing by another cable modem user on the same loop , something that would probably not have worked because Thomas testified that she left her computer on " all the time " ) or downright impossible ( the WiFi router issue ) .
The RIAA is trying to exclude the entirety of Dr. Yongdae Kim 's testimony on the grounds that it is pure speculation .
At one point , Kim testified that identification methods were never foolproof , citing problems with browser cookies , SSL certificates , custom image tagging , and Flash or JavaScript login systems .
As the RIAA notes , though , " Dr. Kim concedes , however , that he has no information that the KaZaA program uses any of these features ( which it does not ) . "
The recording industry looks to have a solid case here , assuming that 1 ) the MediaSentry evidence is allowed , 2 ) MediaSentry 's downloads count as " distributions to the public , " and 3 ) statutory damages are constitutional and apply to noncommercial file - sharers .
As for the argument that wholesale P2P copying is " fair use , " that 's a position that even Lawrence Lessig can't endorse , and it seems unlikely to succeed .
But the RIAA still can't shy away from a bit of rhetorical overreach .
For instance , it says in an early footnote that Thomas was distributing 1,702 digital audio files " to millions of users on a peer - to - peer network at the time Plaintiffs ' investigator caught her doing so . "
One sees what is meant here — that millions of people had potential access to the songs on the machine in question .
But MediaSentry certainly has no evidence that the songs were in fact being distributed to " millions of users " at the moment it fingered Thomas .
It sounds a bit like the RIAA can't let go of its " making available==actual distribution " theory , even after a judge tossed out the first verdict against Thomas on precisely this issue .
This attitude is confirmed later in the filing , where the RIAA says that " an inference that a distribution actually took place may be made where a defendant has completed all necessary steps for the distribution of copyrighted sound recordings to other users on a peer - to - peer network , without license from the copyright owners . "
That 's just a fancy way of describing the making available theory , and the fact that it 's still being trotted out in the Eighth Circuit , in a retrial , is ... interesting .
Finally , the RIAA makes one more claim against Thomas that does n't look good for her : " Defendant attempted to conceal her infringement and escape liability by fabricating a clean hard drive before producing it to Plaintiffs for inspection . "
The " Best Buy sales / service history for defendant " on the RIAA 's exhibits list will apparently be used to make this point .
Not all arguments are created equal
With a new attorney willing to fight all sorts of large battles over constitutionality and fair use , Thomas ' case looks to be an interesting one .
She may not get the chance to make all of it , though ; the RIAA is already objecting to any talk of " fair use , " since such a defense needs to be asserted when one first answers a complaint .
Under her previous attorney , Thomas did not make such a claim , which means that lawyers from the recording industry did not ask about it during depositions or prepare for it during discovery .
Whether the judge will even allow the issue to come up remains to be seen .
Ars Technica will be on - site in Minneapolis when the trial opens on June 15 .
Lawyers for both sides estimate the total case to take five days .
Anyone familiar with the outdoors will easily identify the sweet , woodsy scent of pine trees .
The most common use for many people of pine trees is as Christmas trees or decorations during Christmas , but did you know that oil from a pine tree has many other applications , from cleaning via medical uses to aromatherapy and massage ?
Pine oil is obtained by the steam distillation of the needles , twigs and cones from this evergreen tree , whose scientific name is Pinus sylvestris .
Since pine trees are abundant in nature , the oil is relatively inexpensive and easily available , and is an important essential oil to have at home .
It has been predicted that many others will follow .
However , to the anger of many of their constituents , all of them will be entitled to the “ parachute ” payment , or Resettlement Grant as it is officially called .
Offshore wind has the potential to power every home in the UK and provide up to 70,000 jobs , according to the government
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The UK 's seas could provide enough extra wind energy to power the equivalent of 19 m homes , according to an assessment by the government .
The government 's strategic environmental assessment ( Sea ) confirmed projections that an extra 25 GW of electricity generation capacity could be accommodated in UK waters .
This would be in addition to the 8GW of wind power already built or planned offshore , bringing the potential total electricity capacity of offshore wind to 33GW – enough to power every household in the UK .
According to the government , offshore wind has the potential to meet more than a quarter of the UK 's electricity needs , provide the UK with up to 70,000 new jobs and generate £ 8bn a year in revenue .
The findings of the Sea mean the crown estate can push ahead with round three of leasing UK waters for offshore wind farms .
Under round three , the estate has earmarked 11 areas which have the potential to be viable offshore wind sites , due to the levels of wind , water depth and potential connection to the grid , and taking in shipping and environmental concerns .
The Department of Energy and Climate Change ( Decc ) and energy regulator Ofgem also announced today they were opening the tendering process to companies to provide the £ 15bn of new cabling needed to connect new wind farms .
The energy and climate change minister , Lord Hunt , said : " Offshore wind is fundamental to delivering our target of 15 % renewable energy by 2020 , and looking ahead to reducing our carbon emissions by 80 % . "
He said wind power presented a " huge opportunity " for the UK industry .
" We 're already the world 's number one offshore wind power .
With the right support , we can grow the industry even further , supporting tens of thousands of high - value , green manufacturing jobs . "
A report on offshore wind construction by the British Wind Energy Association suggests that 9GW of wind power capacity will be built by 2015 , with wind overtaking nuclear in terms of installed capacity in the next four to five years .
The BWEA said the government still needed to create a policy framework for wind , facilitate grid connections and ease supply chain pressures – some of the hurdles offshore wind farms face .
If annual deployment of wind capacity hit 4GW to 5GW a year Europe - wide , prices for installing wind farms could fall by 20 % .
Doug Parr , Greenpeace chief scientist , said : " Offshore wind farms must be a key part of the UK 's future energy supply .
" And they wo n't just generate electricity , they 'll also generate thousands of British jobs and help tackle energy security .
" But , if Britain is to get all the benefits that offshore wind will provide , the government must do more to support the industry . "
The Green party leader , Caroline Lucas , said wind power was one of the major tools for tackling climate change , and called for " urgent government commitment and serious government funding " to make sure the UK's wind industry could reach its full potential .
In a tale that almost redefines sibling rivalry , faded actresses Blanche and ' Baby ' Jane Hudson live together .
Jane was by far the most famous when she performed with their father in vaudeville but as they got older , it was Blanche who became the finer actress , which Jane still resents .
Blanche is now confined to a wheelchair and Jane is firmly in control .
As time goes by , Jane exercises greater and greater control over her sister , intercepting her letters and ensuring that few if anyone from the outside has any contact with her .
As Jane slowly loses her mind , she torments her sister going to ever greater extremes .
Written by garykmcd
EARLIER this month , Sudan 's National Islamic Front expelled 13 humanitarian organizations from Darfur and Northern Sudan .
The expulsion order followed immediately the announcement by the International Criminal Court of an arrest warrant for Sudan 's President Omar al - Bashir , charging him with crimes against humanity and war crimes .
All evidence points to a well - planned response by Khartoum to a judicial decision that was universally expected .
The consequences of these expulsions are enormous .
All expelled organizations played key roles in humanitarian assistance ; together they constituted more than 50 percent of total aid capacity .
Now 1.5 million people no longer have access to primary healthcare , and a deadly meningitis outbreak threatens tens of thousands .
General food distributions to more than 1 million people have been halted , including to children and the malnourished .
More than 1 million people will no longer have access to clean water ; shortages are already being reported , and will spread quickly .
On Monday , the regime went further and announced its intention to expel all international aid organizations within a year , despite being unable to replace the work or resources of these organizations .
This amounts to genocide by other means .
With many months to anticipate the inevitable ICC announcement , Khartoum was determined to make the most of the occasion , and elimination of an international humanitarian presence in Darfur had long been a central ambition .
The ICC announcement was not so much the cause of the expulsions as a singularly opportune pretext .
Efforts to blame the expulsions solely on the ICC 's pursuit of justice ignore the broader context :
For more than five years , Khartoum has engaged in systematic harassment , obstruction , and intimidation of humanitarian work .
Insecurity has been deliberately engineered to become intolerable .
Perversely , by attributing Khartoum 's long - contemplated actions exclusively to the ICC warrant , a number of commentators are playing straight into the regime 's hand .
The basic issue is clear :
Many hundreds of thousands of lives are at acute risk , and the goal of the international community must be to secure re-admission for expelled organizations .
The longer these expulsions continue , the more difficult it will be for organizations to resume operations .
But so far there are no signs that the international community has made any progress in changing Khartoum 's thinking .
Despite months of warning that the regime might well target humanitarian efforts after the ICC announcement , neither the Obama administration nor the European Union nor the UN Secretariat or Security Council had done any serious contingency planning .
All were caught flat - footed .
As a consequence , the future looks grim for some 4.7 million people in Darfur .
As water , food , and medical care disappear , these desperate people will move to where resources seem greater .
Many may move to Eastern Chad , which is already struggling with more than 250,000 Darfuri refugees .
But wherever these populations move they will encounter fierce competition for steadily diminishing resources .
Violence and further displacement are inevitable .
Are there any answers ?
As the Darfur genocide enters its seventh year , the world confronts a regime emboldened by a trail of worthless Security Council resolutions , meaningless agreements , and a " peacekeeping " force that can barely protect itself , let alone civilians and humanitarians .
The one option that remains - a distinct long shot - is Security Council deferral of the al - Bashir prosecution for a year under Chapter 16 of the ICC 's Rome Statute , in return for re-admission of humanitarians with security guarantees .
A Chapter 16 deferral has long been expediently supported by the Arab League and African Union ; however , for Western nations - including Security Council permanent members France , Great Britain , and the US - supporting a deferral now would be transparently succumbing to the ugliest form of blackmail .
And yet given the inaction by the West and other international actors , are we in any position to invoke scruples about " deferring " international justice ?
Does anyone dare say that justice for Darfur must go forward , even at the expense of countless Darfuri lives threatened by humanitarian expulsions ?
Before the ICC announcement , Darfuri sentiment was overwhelmingly in favor of al - Bashir 's arrest warrant .
That may well be changing , however , as suffering and deprivation grow .
Is anyone bothering to ask the people of Darfur ?
Eric Reeves , a Smith College professor , is author of " A Long Day 's Dying : Critical Moments in the Darfur Genocide . "
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday 11 July 2009
Below we mentioned a 1976 novel , Star Wars : From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker , as an example of a book written by a film 's director .
In this case , the novel was ghostwritten by Alan Dean Foster .
Authors of film novelisations , not unlike pornographers , rarely get the respect they deserve .
Generally , practitioners of such genres are held in contempt by writers and critics , who dismiss them as hacks .
That is not entirely fair .
After all , most books by movie stars , politicians , athletes and businessmen are cobbled together by ghostwriters , furnishing the alleged " author " with an eloquence and turn of phrase that would otherwise not be available to them .
Yet reviewers will routinely praise manufactured books - withholding their criticism of the ghostwriters who participate in such literary fraud - while looking down their noses at those who toil in the novelising fields .
Such selectivity defies logic .
Novelisations , at the very least , are the work of the authors whose names appear on the cover .
Well , more or less .
Technically , they are the rewording of screenplays written by other people , supplemented by vivid descriptions of images furnished by the directors .
But sometimes , as in the case of the 1976 release Star Wars : From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker , they are written by the directors themselves .
( Tellingly , Han Solo does not appear on the cover of the original Star Wars novelisation , nor is he mentioned in the jacket copy , indicating that Mark Hamill , and not Harrison Ford , was the one originally destined for stardom . )
So novelisations are not what anyone would call " original " .
But no one pretends they are .
One major reason novelisers are scorned by the writing community is that the genealogy of the works in this genre is so complex that it is not always clear what relationship to a film a novelisation bears .
Another is the fact that novelisers make so much money .
Bear in mind that novelisations have been around in one form or another almost since the birth of the movies .
Sometimes their function is to drum up interest in a film that has already been shot but not yet released ; sometimes to keep the public 's interest stoked during that dark period between the end of a film 's theatrical run and the moment it is released on DVD .
Novelisations , so it is rumoured , often contain supplementary material that make it easier to understand the film on which it is based .
For example , the whole time I was watching Underworld : Rise of the Lycans , the third instalment in the Underworld series , I had a hard time figuring out why Lycans could sometimes get along quite nicely with werewolves , but at other times wanted to rip out their lungs and eat them .
I was also confused as to why Lucian the Lycan could occasionally turn into a gigantic werewolf as if on cue , but other times had to lie there snivelling like a whipped cur while thrill - seeking lycanthropic flagellants shredded his naked flesh .
Not until I read Underworld : Rise of the Lycans - The Novelisation , by Greg Cox , did it all became clear .
And not a moment too soon .
Similarly , the whole time I was watching Hannah Montana : The Movie , I did not realize that Miley Cyrus , Miley Stewart and Hannah Montana were all one person .
The wig confused me .
Originally , I thought Miley Stewart was the young Minnie Driver , while her alter ego was Miley Cyrus dressed up to look like Hillary Duff .
It was simply too hard to follow ; it was more confusing than The Matrix Revolutions .
Not until I read Hannah Montana : The Junior Novel by NB Grace did I realise that Miley Stewart / Cyrus was not only Billy Ray Cyrus 's daughter but Hannah Montana in disguise .
It is not always easy to figure out what is going on in the world of novelisations .
Consider Terminator Salvation : The Official Movie Novelisation by Alan Dean Foster .
Terminator Salvation : The Official Movie Novelisation is not to be confused with Timothy Zahn 's Terminator Salvation : From the Ashes - The Official Movie Prequel .
Nor is it to be confused with Terminator Salvation : Sand in the Gears - The Official Movie Prequel Graphic Novel .
Here , a bit of supplementary material about all this supplementary material may be helpful .
Novelisations are based upon movies that already exist .
Official prequels are novels based on the outline of a movie that has already been greenlighted , but may not yet have been shot .
Prequels may thus contain scenes that ultimately get cut out of the finished film .
For example , even if Hannah Montana ran away to join the Ladies ' Taliban in the prequel to her next movie it would n't necessarily mean that she would do so in the upcoming film .
In fact , it 's pretty unlikely .
It could simply be the mad , zany fantasy of some out - of - control prequelist .
In the world of novelisation there is also a subgenre called Unofficial Prequels , and very possibly Prequels to Sequels , Sequels to Prequels , Junior Prequels to Sequels , and Semi-Official Penultimate Junior Prequels to Ultimate Graphic Sequels .
Presumably , if someone went out and wrote the prequel to a movie that was then abandoned , a first edition of the prequel would be worth an immense amount of money as a collectible to those who care about these sorts of things .
It is even possible to imagine an unscrupulous producer buying up all the prequels to a project like , say , Watchmen IV : This Time the Film Wo n't Suck , and then sabotaging the project in order to goose the value of the prequels .
Obviously , if Watchmen IV did get made and did n't end up sucking , the prequels would be worth nothing .
On the other hand , the chances of Watchmen IV : This Time the Film Wo n't Suck not sucking are microscopic , especially if Zack Snyder directs it .
Novelisations are usually much easier to follow than the films they novelise .
This is particularly true in the case of an incredibly sophisticated film such as Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , a film of such byzantine complexity no ordinary teen mind could keep track of all that is transpiring within .
One simply must have the Junior Novel to keep score .
Similarly , Terminator Salvation : The Official Movie Novelisation is easier to follow , and considerably less moronic , than the film upon which it is based .
Alan Dean Foster writes in a direct , descriptive style , using un -Schwarzeneggerian words like " concise " and " disparity " .
The book is intelligent and lucid .
The book makes sense .
Unlike the movie , the book is not stupid .
Every once in a while , the author even gets a bit arty : " Elation replaced disquiet when he came across the codes for the perimeter defenses . "
Or : " The briefest of flickers of moonlight on cornea . "
Or this memorable exchange : " The younger man 's shrug seemed to suggest that geographical designations like ' away ' no longer held much in the way of relevance . "
I am not going to argue that this is good writing .
Not really good writing .
Not really , really good writing .
All right , it 's bad writing .
But at least Foster is making an effort .
At least he 's earning his paycheque .
He has not simply gone on autopilot like the director of Terminator Salvation .
And in Star Trek , his novelisation of the new movie of that name , his writing is even better .
Foster is thus a noveliser who can rise to the occasion .
Or sink to it , if required .
A very different case is Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian : A Junior Novelisation by Michael Anthony Steele .
Unlike Night at the Museum : A Junior Novelisation , Leslie Goldman 's rewrite of Milan Trenc 's The Night at the Museum , ( the storybook on which the film Night at the Museum is based ) , Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian : A Junior Novelisation is the junior novelisation of the sequel to the original Night at the Museum .
It is thus a sort of a sequel to a film , and a sequel to the novelisation of a film , which was in itself the junior novelisation of the screenplay to a film which was based upon a book which was mostly pictures .
Is that clear ?
None of this has anything to do with the adult novelisation of the film , which in this case does not exist anyway .
Battle of the Smithsonian : The Junior Novelisation is professionally crafted , and religiously faithful to the spirit of the movie .
The author makes no attempt to stretch his wings artistically , hewing close to both the spirit and the dialogue of the film upon which the Junior Novelisation is based .
Battle of the Smithsonian , like the film , relies on lines like : " Stop blinking and take me to the Cube of Rubik . "
This is known in the trade as Humour the Whole Family Can Enjoy .
Well , some families .
The Underworld , Night at the Museum , Transformers , Terminator and Star Trek franchises are all films that depend heavily on special effects .
Yet unlike the other books , the Hannah Montana novelisation has a phoned - in quality and falls completely flat .
This , I suspect , is because Miley Cyrus is a bona fide superstar , with irreplaceable charisma , something that cannot be said of Christian Bale , Michael Sheen , Ben Stiller or Shia LaBoeuf , all of whom appear in films where they are more or less upstaged by the ordnance .
It is a telling statement that a noveliser can effortlessly write a readable book based on a motion picture filled with computer - generated monsters and get away with it , but has trouble when asked to bring a bubbly teen multiple - personality to life on the printed page .
Perhaps there is still a place for human beings in films after all .
From the Watchmen 's Director , here is one of the most important deleted scenes from Watchmen .
The scene shows the death of Hollis Mason , Nite Owl I .
You can get the Director 's Cut for Watchmen on DVD and Blu-ray on July 21st .
Duration
3 min 19 sec
Views
602,134
Posted On
July 12 , 2009 Director
Zack Snyder
Writer
David Hayter
Studio
Warner Bros Pictures
Release
March 6 , 2009 Cast
Patrick Wilson
Jackie Earle Haley
Matthew Goode
Billy Crudup
Jeffrey Dean Morgan Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Warner Bros. Pictures
Comicbook
Action
Carla Gugino
Stephen McHattie
Some of the deals advertised on Auto Trader are scams .
The late model cars are advertised at very low prices to get your attention .
If you part with your money , getting a headache is likely all you will get .
Yesterday while browsing Auto Trader for a used car , a 2006 Jetta TDI diesel caught my eye .
Low mileage and only $ 4,000 .
The private sale had a great picture .
I emailed the seller and the car disappeared , only to return with a slightly different picture at $ 7,900 .
The car was supposed to be in St. Louis PEI with a picture from a modern suburb like west Mississauga .
The car is worth about $ 15,000 so the scam is too good to be true .
Today the scam artists are back on AutoTrader with a 2006 Lexus for $ 7,000 from dave at live .ca , a 2008 Subaru Outback for the unbelievable price of $ 5,900 and a 2008 Mazda Miata for $ 6,000 – all steals at less than one third their real value .
The best deal today is a 2005 BMW 530 for only $ 6,000 .
I want that car but I ’ll need to come up with $ 30,000 more to get a real car in the deal .
Scam artists are prey on our greed .
The deal is too good to be true but we bite anyway .
Maybe the car was stolen and we are getting a really good deal .
We close our eyes and hope we ’re getting lucky .
The only deal these cars are is a bad deal .
Autotrader should have someone to check out these private sale scams .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Oh yes , I said it .
I know , I know …
* GONG *
I promise I ’ll try to avoid any more “ Mc ” jokes …
Grey ’s Anatomy star Ellen Pompeo , 39 , and her music producer husband , Chris Ivery , 41 , are expecting their first child together .
Surprisingly , they avoided using the favorite celebrity phrase “ over the moon ” in their statement and simply said they are “ thrilled ” about the news .
Just last year , Ellen told Allure :
“ We enjoy our life so much .
We go to Europe and sleep in .
So when I have the baby , I wo n’t feel like we ’ve missed any fun , reckless times together , like staying up all night drinking champagne and having sex until five in the morning and not having to get up until two in the afternoon .
But I ’ve got to get on it , because the clock is ticking . ”
Do n’t worry ; you ’ll still get up at two o’clock , Ellen !
Only it will be two in the morning .
The book cover of Dan Brown ’s much - anticipated novel " The Lost Symbol " — his first novel since " The Da Vinci Code " — has been revealed .
The cover shows a key surrounded by flames and bearing a Freemasonry symbol above Capitol Hill , suggesting the action will unfold in America 's seat of power .
The new thriller — will be preceded by a summer - long procession of " codes , cryptic trivia , puzzles , secret history , maps , aphorisms " and other daily teasers on Facebook and Twitter .
The book , which comes out in the fall , will be set in Washington , DC , and will feature " Da Vinci Code " protagonist Robert Langdon , again caught up in secret societies and hidden codes .
" The Da Vinci Code , " released in 2003 , has more than 80 million copies in print worldwide .
" The Lost Symbol " has an announced first printing of 5 million .
The novel will be available to buy on 15+09+09 .
So mote it be .
Above : YouTube video showing the unveiling of UK cover
Belfast Telegraph
STOCKHOLM , Sweden , July 25 ( UPI ) --
Two out of three doctors surveyed in Sweden said they refuse to circumcise boys because they consider it assault without the child 's consent , sources said .
The opposing doctors said they did not perform circumcisions unless the procedure was deemed medically necessary .
Otherwise , they viewed the procedure as barbaric and akin to unnecessary female circumcision , said Gunnar Gothberg , chairman of the Swedish Pediatric Surgeons Association .
Advertisement
An estimated 3,000 male circumcisions are performed in Sweden each year , with about 2,000 of them performed by people who are not doctors and who do not have a medical license , The Local reported .
The Swedish Board of Health and Welfare has proposed regulating male circumcisions and requiring all municipalities to offer male circumcision for non-medical reasons .
Cyclists found to have killed or seriously injured a pedestrian will face penalties of up to five years in jail or a $ 68,000 fine , after tough new laws came into effect today .
" Cyclists need to recognise that , if they do occasion damage , they have responsibilities .
They do need to stop , '' said Roads Minister Tim Pallas said , launching the new laws this morning at a Bourke Street bicycle shop .
The new penalties , he said , would help police tackle reckless riding by cyclists , and reduce the likelihood of pedestrians , other cyclists or drivers suffering serious injury .
" We 're driving home to cyclists the need for them to obey road laws or be punished , '' he said .
Living in an abandoned neighborhood in an exurb way out on the edge of the California desert has its perks .
There is n’t much in the way of nightlife in Victorville , California , and food options are limited , but it has one hell of a crime scene , maybe the most happening in THE whole state .
Hunter S. Thompson barreled through here with a head full of acid and a rag drenched in ether pressed against his face on his search for the American Dream .
And that ’s exactly what Victorville , a desert commuter suburb 100 miles east of LA , has become .
It is subprime central , a wasteland that boomed at the height of real estate bubble , overflowing with cheap McMansions built to scam low - income suckers into home ownership .
But these days , the dream is dead .
The row upon row of empty houses makes this depressingly obvious .
You know the poor people who get displaced by gentrification ?
Well , suburbs like Victorville is where many have been forced to go .
Places like this are going to be America ’s 21st century ghettos , safely out of view , like Gulags .
But Victorville is special .
It ’s more diverse than LA or NYC , yet its population mixes in with a whole lotta indigenous hicks who strut around and fantasize about pumping a few AR - 16 rounds into their new darkie neighbors .
Poor people , pissed off white folk , high unemployment , a lotta meth labs and absolutely nothing to do …it ’s a dangerous mixture that guarantees non -stop crime action .
It ’s a hustle and bustle every sun-baked day : No Country For Old Men- style shootouts , tweakers forgetting to take their babies out of their car seats , leaving them to be cooked alive in the hundred - plus heat , harmless bums getting sentenced to life for picking pockets thanks to three - strikes - and - you ’re - out laws , drug dealers swallowing baggies of meth to hide their goods from the cops and overdosing , people trying to rob stores with BB guns and getting laughed at by shoppers , middle - aged women on parole getting arrested for fucking underage teens , wasted grandmas crashing into storefronts and flipping over on sidewalks …
When I moved into my three - bedroom / two - and - a - half - bath prefab palace on a street lined with freshly - built empty homes , my next - door neighbors ( two beefy , Mormon dykes ) told me how happy they were to see me .
My end of the block was basically abandoned — nothing but a row of vacant homes , dead lawns , spotty streetlight illumination , and a stretch of open desert beyond — and , according to them , weird and spooky shit starts happening in the neighborhood after sunset .
Every few days or so , someone would tap on their windows after they ’d go to sleep .
First , the tapping would come from a small side window , then it would move to the glass door in the back of the house and make its way to the bedroom and the living room .
A week before I moved in , they said , someone started pounding on the door at 3 AM .
“ It was so loud and scary , like it was the police or something , ” one of them told me , giving me second thoughts about deciding to move out here .
“ No , we did n’t check who it was .
We were too scared .
We just stayed in bed and waited for it to go away . ”
This happened all the time .
That ’s some horror movie shit .
You ’d think it would inspire you to get some deadbolts , surround your house with motion - activated floodlights , and arm yourself with a couple of K - Mart shotguns , right ?
I actually keep a loaded 357 magnum under my pillow when I go to sleep .
My two Jesus freak neighbors might be scared , yet they are too fat and lazy to close their garage door at night .
They ’ll continue to bitch about it , but they just ca n’t be bothered to make an effort .
Oh well , it ’s just a matter of time before some tweak decides to make a go for it and have a little tie - up fun with them …
After all , with Victorville ’s severe chick shortage , this , sadly , might be the only way a guy out here can get laid .
And when the shit goes down , even cops might not be able to do much .
Out here , they got their own problems .
Last week , I was listening to my police scanner while having my Wheaties breakfast when I overheard that a cop — maybe retired — was holed up in his house threatening to go through with a murder - suicide , most likely with his wife .
The situation was extremely dangerous , warned the dispatcher .
The man was highly agitated and had at least four weapons on him .
( I ’m not sure how the whole thing played out , but it looks like this little embarrassment was buried real quick .
The local newspaper is very diligent when it comes to local crime , but this episode never surfaced . )
This weekend , the Mounties issued a news release confirming yet another bombing on EnCanada pipeline infrastructure near Dawson Creek .
It 's the second explosion within less than a week and the sixth since last October .
Both of the recent blasts were near Pouce Coupe , which is eight kilometres south of Dawson Creek .
Nobody has been injured in any of the six attacks .
EnCana reported that due to the drop in line pressure at the time of the explosion in the early morning of July 4 , the pipeline 's safety valves immediately shut in the line .
“ The elements of this incident thus far , are consistent with the previous blast sites and the RCMP considers this latest bombing linked to the others , " the RCMP stated .
" This does change the dynamics of the events in certain terms , the main being our heightened concern for public safety , given that this explosion went off in close proximity of working crews and within a couple of kilometers of a populated rural area . "
The RCMP has asked anyone with information about the bombings to contact the dedicated tip line at 1-866-994-7473 , local police services , the Dawson Creek RCMP at 250-784-3700 or Crimestoppers 1-800-222-8477 ( TIPS ) or go to www.dawsoncreekbombings.com.
Auto - Check
Classic Sudoku 9x9 : print or play online easy sudoku puzzles
Sudoku Puzzles :
You must fill a 9x9 grid so that the numbers 1 to 9 appear once in each row , column and 3X3 box .
Once you complete the puzzle , push the " Check Button " to verify your puzzle .
Beginners should visit Starter 9x9
Domo Sudoku recommends Automaty Slovensko for players who are looking to play online slots .
Thank you for sharing Domo - Sudoku - Follow me on Twitter
Celebration of gay sport and culture with a focus on human rights in homophobic countries begins this weekend
There will be triathlon and handball – but also bridge and line dancing .
Copenhagen is preparing for thousands of gay people from dozens of nations to descend this weekend for the Outgames , a nine - day sporting and cultural olympics for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community .
When the 5,500 participants are introduced on a catwalk in Copenhagen 's central square today , it will kickstart nine days of sport , arts and political debates with almost 100 nations represented in more than 30 events , traditional and improvised .
But the event is about much more than podium places .
The Outgames has launched itself under the banner of sport , culture and human rights .
Participants from a host of cities , including Tel Aviv and Mexico City , will take over public spaces throughout Copenhagen to showcase artists and performers .
At the centre of the political programme is a human rights conference , where speakers include the British basketball player and sports commentator John Amaechi , the first NBA player to have come out .
On the fringe of the games , the people of Copenhagen have been encouraged to embrace the event and play an active role .
At the main library you can " take out a gay " for a half - hour chat after you 've scanned his or her barcode , while many of the participants are staying in private homes throughout the city .
The director of the Outgames , Uffe Elbæk , hopes the Copenhagen event will attract people from countries where gay people still face imprisonment and the organisers have funded the journey to Copenhagen for 250 participants from Asia , Latin America and Africa .
" The world is coming to Copenhagen , and we have worked towards our goal of ensuring that participants from places such as Africa , Asia and not least the Middle East have the opportunity to come to Copenhagen for the Outgames , " he said .
Elbæk sees the games as not just a celebration for the LGBT community , but a global event , highlighting that gay people are still criminalised in a third of the countries represented .
" We want to make this top priority and put the focus on human rights , " he said .
Fixing Airport Security
It ’s been months since the Transportation Security Administration has had a permanent director .
If , during the job interview ( no , I did n’t get one ) , President Obama asked me how I ’d fix airport security in one sentence , I would reply : “ Get rid of the photo ID check , and return passenger screening to pre-9/11 levels . ”
Okay , that ’s a joke .
While showing ID , taking your shoes off and throwing away your water bottles is n’t making us much safer , I do n’t expect the Obama administration to roll back those security measures anytime soon .
Airport security is more about CYA than anything else : defending against what the terrorists did last time .
But the administration can’t risk appearing as if it facilitated a terrorist attack , no matter how remote the possibility , so those annoyances are probably here to stay .
This would be my real answer : “ Establish accountability and transparency for airport screening . ”
And if I had another sentence : “ Airports are one of the places where Americans , and visitors to America , are most likely to interact with a law enforcement officer – and yet no one knows what rights travelers have or how to exercise those rights . ”
Obama has repeatedly talked about increasing openness and transparency in government , and it ’s time to bring transparency to the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) .
Let ’s start with the no-fly and watch lists .
Right now , everything about them is secret :
You ca n’t find out if you ’re on one , or who put you there and why , and you ca n’t clear your name if you ’re innocent .
This Kafkaesque scenario is so un-American it ’s embarrassing .
Obama should make the no-fly list subject to judicial review .
Then , move on to the checkpoints themselves .
What are our rights ?
What powers do the TSA officers have ?
If we ’re asked “ friendly ” questions by behavioral detection officers , are we allowed not to answer ?
If we object to the rough handling of ourselves or our belongings , can the TSA official retaliate against us by putting us on a watch list ?
Obama should make the rules clear and explicit , and allow people to bring legal action against the TSA for violating those rules ; otherwise , airport checkpoints will remain a Constitution - free zone in our country .
Next , Obama should refuse to use unfunded mandates to sneak expensive security measures past Congress .
The Secure Flight program is the worst offender .
Airlines are being forced to spend billions of dollars redesigning their reservations systems to accommodate the TSA ’s demands to preapprove every passenger before he or she is allowed to board an airplane .
These costs are borne by us , in the form of higher ticket prices , even though we never see them explicitly listed .
Maybe Secure Flight is a good use of our money ; maybe it is n’t .
But let ’s have debates like that in the open , as part of the budget process , where it belongs .
And finally , Obama should mandate that airport security be solely about terrorism , and not a general - purpose security checkpoint to catch everyone from pot smokers to deadbeat dads .
The Constitution provides us , both Americans and visitors to America , with strong protections against invasive police searches .
Two exceptions come into play at airport security checkpoints .
The first is “ implied consent , ” which means that you cannot refuse to be searched ; your consent is implied when you purchased your ticket .
And the second is “ plain view , ” which means that if the TSA officer happens to see something unrelated to airport security while screening you , he is allowed to act on that .
Both of these principles are well established and make sense , but it ’s their combination that turns airport security checkpoints into police - state - like checkpoints .
The TSA should limit its searches to bombs and weapons and leave general policing to the police – where we know courts and the Constitution still apply .
None of these changes will make airports any less safe , but they will go a long way to de-ratcheting the culture of fear , restoring the presumption of innocence and reassuring Americans , and the rest of the world , that – as Obama said in his inauguration speech – “ we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals . ”
This essay originally appeared , without hyperlinks , in the New York Daily News .
Posted on June 24 , 2009 at 6:40 AM • 68 Comments
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he realized Americans were skeptical about his healthcare overhaul , but that the country ’s economic recovery depended on implementing the $ 1 trillion plan .
Obama , insisting the “ stars are aligned ” for approval this year despite discord in Congress over the plan , warned inaction would undermine the economy , worsen the deficit and cripple millions of Americans financially .
“ I understand people are feeling uncertain about this .
They are feeling anxious , ” he said in a prime - time televised news conference .
But he said he was confident people would support it when they looked “ at the cost of doing nothing . ”
The healthcare debate is reaching a critical juncture in the Democratic - controlled Congress .
Obama wants both the House of Representatives and Senate to vote by early August but many lawmakers want more time to consider such an expansive set of proposals .
With the effort in danger of flagging and spilling into the autumn months where momentum could fade , Obama made his case for the overhaul and took on his critics .
Several polls show Obama ’s job approval rating dropping and that Americans are having doubts about his prescriptions for the economy and healthcare .
Obama said people were “ understandably queasy ” about government spending and the debt piling up , but argued the health of the economy depended on stemming healthcare costs , which account for 17.6 percent of gross domestic product .
“ That is why I ’ve said that even as we rescue this economy from a full - blown crisis , we must rebuild it stronger than before .
And health insurance reform is central to that effort . ”
He also cited the ballooning costs of spending on government health programs for the poor and elderly , Medicare and Medicaid .
He said that without a healthcare revamp , those costs would explode the budget deficit .
“ So let me be clear :
If we do not control these costs , we will not be able to control our deficit , ” he said .
He is to make his case for the revamp on Thursday in Cleveland , Ohio , a manufacturing state where a recent Quinnipiac University poll said his job approval rating had dropped from 62 percent to 49 percent .
Obama promoted a key goal of the overhaul : creation of a government health insurance option , an idea deeply opposed by Republicans who feel it would unfairly compete with private insurers .
He said competition from the government insurance plan can prevent private insurers from passing on health costs to By Steve Holland and David Alexander
WASHINGTON , July 22 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama said on Wednesday he realized Americans were skeptical about his healthcare overhaul , but that the country ’s economic recovery depended on implementing the $ 1 trillion plan .
Obama , insisting the “ stars are aligned ” for approval this year despite discord in Congress over the plan , warned inaction would undermine the economy , worsen the deficit and cripple millions of Americans financially .
“ I understand people are feeling uncertain about this .
They are feeling anxious , ” he said in a prime - time televised news conference .
But he said he was confident people would support it when they looked “ at the cost of doing nothing . ”
The healthcare debate is reaching a critical juncture in the Democratic - controlled Congress .
Obama wants both the House of Representatives and Senate to vote by early August but many lawmakers want more time to consider such an expansive set of proposals .
With the effort in danger of flagging and spilling into the autumn months where momentum could fade , Obama made his case for the overhaul and took on his critics .
Several polls show Obama ’s job approval rating dropping and that Americans are having doubts about his prescriptions for the economy and healthcare .
Obama said people were “ understandably queasy ” about government spending and the debt piling up , but argued the health of the economy depended on stemming healthcare costs , which account for 17.6 percent of gross domestic product .
“ That is why I ’ve said that even as we rescue this economy from a full - blown crisis , we must rebuild it stronger than before .
And health insurance reform is central to that effort . ”
He also cited the ballooning costs of spending on government health programs for the poor and elderly , Medicare and Medicaid .
He said that without a healthcare revamp , those costs would explode the budget deficit .
“ So let me be clear :
If we do not control these costs , we will not be able to control our deficit , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
He is to make his case for the revamp on Thursday in Cleveland , Ohio , a manufacturing state where a recent Quinnipiac University poll said his job approval rating had dropped from 62 percent to 49 percent .
Obama promoted a key goal of the overhaul : creation of a government health insurance option , an idea deeply opposed by Republicans who feel it would unfairly compete with private insurers .
He said competition from the government insurance plan can prevent private insurers from passing on health costs to consumers .
“ Part of the reason we want to have a public option is just to help keep the insurance companies honest , ” he said .
Obama , who had been careful not to comment on various proposals on Capitol Hill on how to pay for the overhaul , did offer support for a Democratic proposal to tax the rich .
He said a surcharge on families making more than $ 1 million a year “ meets my principle ” of not putting the burden of paying for healthcare reform on middle - class families .
He insisted there was momentum behind the healthcare effort , despite strains on Capitol Hill , and that lawmakers are closer to agreement on cost savings to the plan .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
“ We are now seeing broad agreement thanks to the work that was done over the last few days .
So even though we still have a few issues to work out , what ’s remarkable at this point is not how far we have left to go -- it ’s how far we have already come , ” he said .
Obama promised he would not sign into law any healthcare legislation that would drive up the budget deficit , or fail to rein in rising healthcare costs .
Legislation pushed by House Democrats would increase budget deficits by more than $ 240 billion over 10 years , the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimated last week .
Although fellow Democrats are raising many questions about the plan , Obama went on the attack against Republicans , accusing them of wanting to kill his healthcare plans .
“ The politics may dictate that they do n’t vote for healthcare reform because they think it makes Obama more vulnerable , ” he said .
“ But if they ’ve got a good idea we ’ll still take it . ”
( Additional reporting by Matt Spetalnick and Richard Cowan ; Editing by Simon Denyer and Chris Wilson ) consumers .
“ Part of the reason we want to have a public option is just to help keep the insurance companies honest , ” he said .
Obama , who had been careful not to comment on various proposals on Capitol Hill on how to pay for the overhaul , did offer support for a Democratic proposal to tax the rich .
He said a surcharge on families making more than $ 1 million a year “ meets my principle ” of not putting the burden of paying for healthcare reform on middle - class families .
He insisted there was momentum behind the healthcare effort , despite strains on Capitol Hill , and that lawmakers are closer to agreement on cost savings to the plan .
“ We are now seeing broad agreement thanks to the work that was done over the last few days .
So even though we still have a few issues to work out , what ’s remarkable at this point is not how far we have left to go -- it ’s how far we have already come , ” he said .
Obama promised he would not sign into law any healthcare legislation that would drive up the budget deficit , or fail to rein in rising healthcare costs .
Legislation pushed by House Democrats would increase budget deficits by more than $ 240 billion over 10 years , the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimated last week .
Although fellow Democrats are raising many questions about the plan , Obama went on the attack against Republicans , accusing them of wanting to kill his healthcare plans .
“ The politics may dictate that they do n’t vote for healthcare reform because they think it makes Obama more vulnerable , ” he said .
“ But if they ’ve got a good idea we ’ll still take it . ”
1. Come up with an ingenious way to make the world a better place .
Think about some of the unique ways that waste can be turned into usable material ( consider piezoelectric floors in a subway terminal to generate electricity or some kind of inflatable automated facility that purifies water through natural forces and channels it to those in need ) and then write a story that incorporates this brilliant idea .
In truth , it does n’t even have to be limited to our world or our problems ( think “ cloudy with a chance of meatballs ” ) and as such , you could take the idea to some really incredible heights .
Experiment , have fun , and see what comes to you .
2 . Science is an ever - evolving machine of human intellect .
Consider for a moment , how far we ’ve come since the days when man thought the sun revolved around the earth , when doctors believed that health was governed by the four humours , and Einstein made the statement that nothing could travel faster than light .
( We now know that radio waves , among other things , can be made to do so . )
Consider a barrier , a theory , a “ magic ” or anything else that stands today with the staunch support of people with degrees or titles .
Now , write a story about how that thing is either proved , reworked ( as a new theory ) or thrown out altogether .
It can be dramatic , fun , or be played out in any other way .
Feel free to name toss– Einstein , Sagan , Hawking , James Randi , Oral Roberts , the Pope– have fun , make it real , and topple some giants with possibilities that would leave the men in the know utterly speechless .
3 .
Usually when we say “ mankind ” or refer to the “ men ” that do something , we use it ambiguously .
The people referred to as “ the men ” could be male , female , hermaphrodic , alien , or anything else other than “ men . ”
Sometimes when people notice this , it irks them .
Now , considering all this , write a story that addresses these points or at least incorporates them .
How would , say , asexual amazon bodyguards of a diplomat from Alpha Centauri respond to being referred to as the diplomat ’s “ men ” ?
Would they even care ?
4 .
Growing up , you probably heard the saying “ When I was a kid , we had to walk to school and it was uphill both ways ! ” or some other derivative of it .
Sticking with the humorous nature of this statement , write the story of what it was like “ back then . ”
What did you have to get along without ?
A great one of these I heard once was : “ When I was a kid we did n’t have feet , we had to walk to school on our hands ! ”
Even if you never show it to anyone , have fun with it .
Use it as a chance to practice , relax , and most of all , have a blast .
It might give you something to tell your grandkids someday .
5 .
Thinking about the previous prompt from a different angle , consider what life was really and truly like say ... fifty years ago ( or more . )
What would happen to the average , hat - backwards , low hanging pants , rap - loving young adult of today if he or she were suddenly shifted backwards in time to that point ?
One great thing that comes to mind is the leniency of the school system today toward students ( but not teachers ) .
Fifty years ago , corporal punishment and pop essays were ways that order was kept in the schools , but in the education system of today , even teachers who do not stick 100 % to their syllabus are fired and blacklisted the moment a student complains .
The generation of today has been referred to as the “ entitlement generation . ”
How would that sense of entitlement work out for them in say , the twenties ?
6 .
Pick up a book .
Any book .
It could be a random book , the nearest book to you , you ’re favorite book , or just a plain old dictionary .
Now , open it up to about three quarters of the way through .
Pick the eighth word ( or the last word on the page ) and write it down .
Now work backwards by eyeballed tenths of the distance between that page and the start .
Do the same thing ( Write down the eighth word ) .
Now , look at the words you ’ve got on the page ( for me , it was : “ Things , velvet , horrors , seldom , less , significance , mankind , Brown ’s , Dunwich , and putrid . ” ) and rearrange them until they speak to you , until you can see the seed of a story within them .
Now , write that story .
7 . Go out dancing , even if it ’s only by yourself ( especially if it ’s only by yourself ! ) and do things you would n’t normally do ( that are n’t against the law , etc . )
If you ’re normally quiet and shy , be someone else for the night , give a different name , and play the role of someone who is an extrovert in the extreme .
On the other hand , if you ’re normally an extrovert , take on the role of someone quiet and shy .
Sit in the corner and truly experience what it is like to feel the grip of fear holding your feet to the floor like concrete and steel .
Whatever happens , try being someone else .
Make some memories .
The next morning , take some time to write about it .
Turn it into a story .
8 . The study of the world of the atomic and the subatomic has led some scientists and writers to joke about how each atom is like a universe , and how our own universe might be like some atom in some greater universe .
Think about that for a moment , consider this idea of universes within universes , of the great and impossible distances between stars , between galaxies , between galaxy clusters ... and now think of the gulfs of energy and void between the atoms that make up something like , say , the computer you ’re sitting at right now .
If you ’re not brainstorming a story already , consider your place within that world of atoms and universes , how small and yet how large you are , how close , and yet so far .
Even if your tale has no characters and no plot , speak to this fact anyway .
Breathe life into it and see where it goes .
9 .
Write a story about a person who is neither really good nor evil , but whose many minions act as an independent entity perpetrating crime after heinous crime in the name of him or her .
You can go a number of ways with this .
Is the central theme of the story that the person whose image is being connected with ceaseless horrors finally sees what is going on and aims to stop it , or is it something else ?
You could even bring it down to the level of just a few individuals , with the “ crimes ” being things such as gossip or smaller acts of violence and thievery .
Be creative– see where the story takes you .10 .
Write something truly sappy , like the story of the birth ( or rebirth ) of a people or a world heralded by the birth of a child or– aging gracefully into inescapable death as a metaphor for life and living .
Make it happy , make it sad , give it life and smiles , tears and the lamentations of women .
Use emotion as the primary driving force behind the story , and most importantly , give it life , if only through the images and ideas that have come from profound moments in your own life interposed with beautiful and magical flights of fantasy .
ORLANDO , Fla . --
The Cleveland Cavaliers have signed an agreement with an investment group from China to become minority owners of the NBA franchise and its arena , a partnership that could impact superstar LeBron James ' future with the team .
The Asian conglomerate , which includes JianHua Huang , a Chinese businessman who has brokered sponsorship deals with the New York Yankees and other sports franchises in the U.S. , could acquire up to 15 percent of Cavaliers Operating Company , the entity that owns the team and operates Quicken Loans Arena .
The deal , completed by the sides in recent days , must be approved by the league 's board of governors .
Team president Len Komoroski said Sunday the group approached Cavs principal owner Dan Gilbert about the partnership and called the business venture " an exciting new opportunity . "
Speeding off in his motorcade after a meeting at the Nato summit hall , the leader of the world 's only superpower left behind the critical briefcase that contains America 's nuclear bomb codes .
" Rather than wait for everyone to gather he just took off " , said White House spokesman Joe Lockhart .
The case contains the electronic launch codes needed for a US nuclear strike and provides a link with the Pentagon through a telephone .
It is carried by and chained to a military aide and supposed to be near the president whenever he is away from the White House .
When President Clinton 's motorcade left without him the aide who carries the briefcase then had to walk the half - mile back to the White House from the Reagan building where the summit was being held .
" We 're safe , " remarked Mr Lockhart following the safe arrival of the aide , adding : " These things happen . "
Fumbled football
It has been called the most dangerous handbag in the world .
The black attache case which has become known as the " nuclear football " has been passed from president to president since the days of Dwight Eisenhower .
Aides have been quick to dismiss this incident , but other presidents have had similar scares .
Other incidents include :
POLITICO ( Washington ) --
If Congress were to take a vote on a health reform bill today , Democrats and Republicans would find a surprising level of agreement — so much so that the broad outlines of a consensus plan already are taking shape .
The Politico logo is seen in this handout photo .
Sick or healthy , rich or poor , all Americans would be guaranteed access to health insurance .
In fact , they ’d probably be required to purchase it — perhaps through mandates in the law that would include stiff tax penalties for anyone who tried to opt out .
Newly created insurance marketplaces would make finding a plan as easy as shopping for cheap airfare .
People could keep their coverage , even if they switched jobs .
And they might be able to choose between private insurers and a government - backed plan .
But here ’s the catch — none of this would come free , with the wealthiest Americans likely to face higher taxes to help pay for coverage for all .
It ’s hard to believe that only three months ago , health care advocates worried that President Barack Obama would drop the health reform issue from his first - year agenda .
Now , with an August deadline to pass a bill , a compromise that once seemed unimaginable is considered quite possible , both sides say .
Congress this week begins a two - month sprint to pass legislation overhauling the health care system — an aspiration that has eluded generations of American politicians .
The task is exceedingly complex and faces the legislative equivalent of an Ironman triathlon , tested at every stage by monied interests , political alliances and an estimated 13 - figure price tag .
So there ’s no guarantee every piece is going to fall into place just like this or even that a final compromise will be forged .
But here ’s a look at what could be expected in a bill — and what details have yet to be resolved :
EVERYBODY GETS IN AND STAYS IN
The guiding principle of congressional efforts remains universal coverage , or something close to it .
This means not just finding a way to cover 50 million uninsured Americans but also making the system more stable and affordable for those who already have insurance through their employer .
Now , losing a job means losing coverage .
Why it looks likely : Lawmakers view universal coverage not as much as a moral imperative but as an economic issue .
If the aim is to lower insurance premiums for everyone , then the young and the old , the sick and the healthy must be funneled into the system as a way to spread the costs of high - risk patients .
The unresolved fight : how to compel participation in the system and how to pay for it .
Last month , Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) said “ we ’re going to try to get as close as we can ” to universal coverage , and the Congressional Budget Office estimates the proposals would reach about 95 percent of Americans .
But the package of options for achieving even near - universal coverage requires lawmakers to find hundreds of billions of dollars in new tax revenue and spending cuts — money that it has n’t found yet .
ORBITZ FOR INSURANCE
If there was such a thing as a sure bet in the bill , this would be it : the creation of an insurance marketplace , or “ exchange , ” where individuals and small employers could compare plans side by side , find options with a minimum benefits package and buy coverage .
Insurers would be required to take all comers , regardless of pre-existing conditions .
Proponents say it would give individuals a place to find affordable insurance that could go with them from job to job .
Why it looks likely :
It is the cornerstone of Democratic and Republican health care proposals .
Experts from the conservative Heritage Foundation and the liberal Center for American Progress endorse it .
Federal lawmakers already participate in an exchange called the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program — and they have been promising for years to provide the same choices to voters .
“ That has to be the one thing that is close enough to a guarantee as you can find , ” said David Merritt , a health policy expert at Newt Gingrich ’s Center for Health Transformation .
The unresolved fight : how to structure it .
The CBO , which has been reviewing the legislative proposals to determine their fiscal impact , hinted in a report last week at the scope of options under consideration .
They could be “ private online clearinghouses similar to Orbitz ” — the online travel - booking site — or they could involve more government involvement .
HIGHER TAXES -- FOR SOMEBODY
Obama and congressional Democrats are considering an overhaul that could exceed $ 1 trillion over 10 years , and spending cuts will get them only so far .
That means some people will take a tax hit .
The hot target at the moment : levying a tax on health benefits provided through employers , which currently are n’t subject to taxation .
Why it looks likely :
It ’s a cash cow .
The deduction on health benefits is worth more than $ 200 billion annually .
Baucus does not want to eliminate the deduction , but he has floated a cap that would tax plans worth more than a certain amount .
Liberal and conservative academics support the change .
And congressional Republicans have advocated eliminating the tax - free status of employer insurance , giving the idea bipartisan credibility ( although the GOP would want to return all the money to individuals in the form of tax credits ) .
The unresolved fight : Unions hate it .
They fought for years for generous health plans , and their workers would most likely have to pay taxes for the first time on their benefits .
As a candidate , Obama ran against the idea of taxing health benefits .
It could also endanger his pledge not to raise taxes on individuals earning less than $ 200,000 annually .
Still , White House aides have sent signals that Obama would not veto a bill that changed the tax treatment of health benefits .
BUY COVERAGE -- OR ELSE
Democrats and Republicans agree that government must do more to nudge Americans into buying insurance .
Republicans favor incentives and perhaps an automatic enrollment system in which families would be signed up and would have to actively decline coverage .
Or it could mean mandates on individuals to buy insurance or face tax penalties and on employers to offer insurance or make a payment to the government .
At the very least , Americans are likely to see government exert far more pressure on those who do not have insurance to buy it .
Why it looks likely :
The economics of an overhaul do n’t work unless the government does everything it can to funnel people into the system .
The unresolved fight : how large of a stick the government should wield in encouraging Americans to buy insurance .
GOING PUBLIC
Establishing a public insurance option to compete with private insurers remains one of the most contentious aspects of the reform debate .
Democrats maintain a public plan will keep private insurers honest while Republicans argue that it would create another bloated government entitlement .
But even some in the GOP say a bill will include at least a public “ fallback ” plan , which would be put in place if private insurers did not do enough to cut costs and improve access .
Republicans backed this structure in the 2003 bill on Medicare prescription drug coverage .
Why it looks likely : Democrats hold the cards .
They have a popular president , dominate the House and claim a near - filibuster - proof majority in the Senate .
Plus , they can still use “ reconciliation , ” a procedural tool that allows them to pass a bill with 51 votes if an agreement is n’t reached by October 15 .
The unresolved fight : Democrats are unlikely to settle for a “ fallback ” option , so they will continue to push for as robust a public plan as possible .
But expect to see Republicans , physicians and private insurers resist this for as long as they can .
The human body is a miracle ; though you may disagree if you 're sitting there in the throes of an allergy attack or a hangover .
The truth is your body can take a lot of abuse , and we 've all heard amazing stories of people living through hacked off limbs , extreme temperatures and even falling out of airplanes .
So how much punishment can the human body take ?
Well , under certain circumstances you can apparently survive ...
Advertisement
7 Getting Cut ... In Half Continue Reading Below Advertisement
When you work on the railroad , you probably know that something terrible can happen .
Maybe you 'll break a bone , or lose a limb .
Or maybe you 'll lose the entire lower half of your freaking body
That 's what happened to Truman Duncan , who , after falling off of a moving train , was dragged underneath the wheels .
They severed his body in half at the waist , incredibly leaving him alive and conscious to hear the machinery grinding his body in two as he was dragged 75 feet .
Truman decided that screaming like a little girl was neither manly nor helpful and instead pulled out his cell phone and dialed 911 from right there under the train .
Then , because it took rescuers 45 minutes to get him out from under the train , he placed a few calls to his family as well .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Jesus , how do you start that conversation ?
Doctors are unsure how he managed to survive the accident but suspect that the weight of the wheels may have kept him from bleeding to death ( though not very well - - he lost about half the blood in his body ) .
It may also have been due to his Kryptonian ancestry , but we 're just speculating .
Still , it took 23 surgeries over four months before Truman could leave the hospital , minus his legs , pelvis and a kidney .
Today , Truman is back at work at a desk job .
He says he can still do the things he did before the accident like swimming , playing with his kids and screaming , " Fuck you ! " at every train he passes .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
do n’t forget to blame a scientist …
Chris Mooney and Sheril Kirshenbaum blame scientists for public scientific illiteracy .
The case study serving as exhibit one ?
Pluto 's demotion from planethood .
Generally , when you walk down the street and see a man shouting about conspiracy theories on a soapbox a few steps from a court house , you do n’t expect to see a police officer handing him a bullhorn and clapping as he makes a particularly heated statement .
And yet , I saw an analogous situation in Chris Mooney ’s and Sheril Kirshenbaum ’s new book , Unscientific America .
Rather than start with the state of the nation ’s schools or the false controversies damaging science education and literacy , their prime example of the giant rift between the scientific community and the public is the demotion of Pluto after the discovery of Eris and Sedna .
Huh ?
The funny thing is that while quoting the reasons given by the IAU for the planet ’s reclassification , they still say it could ’ve been left a planet and quote critics while demanding to know just how scientists could ’ve failed to anticipate the bizarre public outcry that followed .
Mooney is a science writer and Kirshenbaum is a biologist .
I would think both of them should be familiar with the fact that science is a dynamic structure and when a new discovery comes along , it could overthrow century old ideas .
This is the point I try to drive home on this blog at least once a week when explaining how the scientific process works .
Get enough evidence and you can pretty much overturn anything you want .
The same thing happened with Pluto .
Sure , its orbit was always eccentric and very unusual compared to the other planets in the solar system , but a strange orbit is n’t necessarily a reason not to call it a planet .
We know from looking at alien stars that planets can have very erratic orbits on a fairly constant basis .
But at the time when we called Pluto a planet , it was the only spherical , rocky object out there .
We thought it was unique .
However , it turns out that the Kuiper Belt also hosts over a dozen other spherical and large objects with similar orbits .
It ’s not unique after all and it floats in the haze of other small rocky , icy bodies rather than dominates an orbit around the Sun like say , Earth which is the most gravitationally powerful object 1 AU from its star .
The suggestion that we could ’ve just tacked on a few more planets not to offend Pluto ’s sensitivities borders on blatantly unscientific .
In reality , we would ’ve ended up with potentially hundreds of new planets which we were n’t sure are planets at all .
If anything , the debate over Pluto raised questions about what a planet actually is and the IAU came to a huge realization that no one actually bothered to define exactly what a planet was until then .
As astronomers tried to figure it out , there was no way they could know that the public would get so riled up over a bit of rock and ice so far away , even Hubble is powerless to image it as anything more than a fuzzy ball with hazy streaks .
This was the outrage of people who grew up with a memorization of science , not a flexible view of it and they were mad that something they learned in school was being challenged or taken away .
To them , science was a fact list , like the answer cards to a trivia game .
That someone would come up , take a look at the card and say “ oh , this one ’s wrong ” was cheating in their minds .
And when people get riled up , they often do n’t care about what you tell them or how you explain the change .
They want to vent first , then maybe they ’ll think about listening .
Rather than see this is a revealing glimpse into the dynamic nature of science and a symptom of the problem in science education standards in our schools , Mooney and Kirshenbaum use it to turn the criticism around , put scientists against the wall and demand an explanation for why they did n’t explain things better .
They tried to explain the problem very well if you were paying attention .
For example , Neil deGrasse Tyson always does a phenomenal job of providing easily digestible notes on complex phenomena and he was very vocal during all the commotion .
It was his explanation that got me looking back over my astronomy notes and concluding that the reasoning behind the demotion was perfectly sound in my mind .
But I was willing to listen and ask why an object which was classified as a planet for so long be demoted , not just angry about eggheads messing with my textbooks and snarking about what they ’re going to change next .
Funny enough , when someone tries to raise the problem that explanations from scientists also require public intent to listen to the explanations being provided in response to Mooney ’s remarks or on his blog , that person is immediately accused of turning on the public and being disrespectful of their views .
The fact remains that a crazed zealot who thinks that scientists are the spawn of Satan and evolution is a demonic doctrine Darwin ’s ancestors found in a haunted forest , does n’t care about explanations and evidence .
Blaming scientists for his delusions is counter - productive and seems to be more of a populist appeasement tactic than anything else .
Science writers need to have the constitution to give the public a bittersweet pill in debates about the state of science education in the U.S.
Sure , the scientists can always do a better job of explaining their research and what it means but the public needs to be willing to listen and limit the damage done by people who care only about dismantling science and public schooling to validate their personal delusions .
Communication needs to be a two - way road , not an exercise in talking past people who frankly do n’t give a damn about what they ’re being told by those with who they disagree .
TOKYO 
At first glance , Japanese cellphones are a gadget lover ’s dream : ready for Internet and e-mail , they double as credit cards , boarding passes and even body - fat calculators .
But it is hard to find anyone in Chicago or London using a Japanese phone like a Panasonic , a Sharp or an NEC .
Despite years of dabbling in overseas markets , Japan ’s handset makers have little presence beyond the country ’s shores .
“ Japan is years ahead in any innovation .
But it has n’t been able to get business out of it , ” said Gerhard Fasol , president of the Tokyo - based IT consulting firm , Eurotechnology Japan .
The Japanese have a name for their problem : Galápagos syndrome .
Japan ’s cellphones are like the endemic species that Darwin encountered on the Galápagos Islands  fantastically evolved and divergent from their mainland cousins  explains Takeshi Natsuno , who teaches at Tokyo ’s Keio University .
Felipe Massa is attended to by F1 medical officer Gary Hartstein
Ferrari driver Felipe Massa will be kept under sedation for 48 hours after he suffered a fractured skull during Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying .
The Brazilian hit a tyre wall after a spring from Rubens Barrichello 's car flew up and hit his helmet .
Massa was woken on Sunday for a brain scan that produced reassuring results .
" It brought the result that we had expected concerning an injury of this type , " said doctor in chief Peter Bazso at Budapest 's AEK military hospital .
Massa 's father , mother and pregnant wife have flown in to Hungary from Brazil , and the doctor added that the driver remained in intensive care and in an " acute phase " of treatment .
Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali told BBC Radio 5 Live : " The situation is stable and positive but we need to stay calm and give the right time for his body to respond to the situation . "
Massa 's race engineer Rob Smedley told BBC Sport : " There is hope now which at one point ( on Saturday ) there was n't .
His injuries seem to be not as bad as we first thought .
" I do n't even want to think about F1 at the moment - Felipe is a mate , he is like a little brother to me .
I just want to think about him getting better and being back with his family .
" He is still in intensive care and we are all just waiting for news hour by hour .
We do n't know how long he will be kept in there - it could be days , it could be weeks . "
An earlier Ferrari statement said : " After undergoing an operation yesterday afternoon , Felipe Massa 's condition remains stable and there were no further complications through the night . "
A statement from the hospital on Saturday said : " At the time he was admitted to hospital his condition was stable and he was breathing and blood circulation was normal .
" During the course of his examination they established that he suffered serious , life - threatening injuries including loss of consciousness and a fracture of the forehead on the left side and a fracture on the base of the skull .
" After the operation he is being cared for in intensive care and now he is in stable , satisfactory condition . "
I honestly do n't believe in coincidences in life .
Things happen for a reason and I think this is the second message
Rubens Barrichello Barrichello said on his Twitter feed that he had visited his compatriot Massa in hospital and the surgery " went very well " .
The incident comes days after Formula Two driver Henry Surtees , 18 , was killed in what was described as a " freak " accident during a race at Brands Hatch .
The son of motorsport legend John Surtees was struck by a wheel which flew off a competitor 's car .
After being struck on the head , Massa 's feet are believed to have come to rest on both the throttle and brake and his car ploughed head on into a tyre wall at around 125 m ph .
The 28 - year - old was swiftly attended to by trackside medics before being taken to the circuit 's medical centre , after which he was airlifted to hospital .
Barrichello later led the calls for more stringent safety measures to be looked into .
Referring to Surtees , the veteran Brazilian refused to believe the two incidents were coincidental .
" I honestly do n't believe in coincidences in life , " he said .
" Things happen for a reason and I think this is the second message .
" Imola [ where Ayrton Senna died in 1994 ] was a message and the cars were improved .
Unfortunately , we lost a boy [ Surtees ] , which is tremendously sad .
" It is not a coincidence something happened right now .
In the GPDA ( Grand Prix Drivers ' Association ) we talked quite a lot about it yesterday - and something needs to be done .
Absolutely .
" But I do n't know what .
We need to sit down and have a look at it .
I think the cars are a hell of a lot safer , really a lot safer , but there is no coincidence on this and something needs to be looked at . "
Lewis Hamilton described the crash as " very scary " and said it must be looked into , while Jenson Button said it proved there " is still more we need to do on safety " .
Button and Barrichello's team boss Ross Brawn said the team were " naturally concerned " about Massa 's condition .
" We had a problem with the back of the car and we are still investigating , " he added .
606 : MASSA TRIBUTES
Thank goodness Massa , having made it through the night , looks like he his winning
The Legend that is PhilSlocombe " We have n't had the piece back from [ motorsport governing body ] the FIA yet so once we get it back we can understand what occurred .
" It 's the first time we 've really had a problem with the car as it has been so reliable . "
McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh added : " What happened today was a shock .
" We 've got to make sure we do everything we can to make F1 as safe as it can be .
" But a spring coming off and being in a collision four seconds later is an incredible circumstance and coincidence .
" You have to remember that motor racing is dangerous and that racing drivers are incredibly brave .
It 's all too easy to become blase about that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Even 40 years on , police officer Seymour Pine is still amazed .
" We knew something had happened that had never happened before .
We 'd never had any trouble , but it just came out of nowhere , " he said .
" It " was the Stonewall riot in the early hours of 28 June , 1969 , in New York 's Greenwich Village , when , sick of being harassed , the gay community fought back en masse for the first time and the grassroots gay and lesbian equality movement was born .
Deputy Inspector Pine led the raid on the Stonewall Inn that night , when his handful of club - wielding officers suddenly came under siege from an angry mob of gay men and women .
" It was never the same again , " the 89 - year - old retired policeman said from New Jersey last week , admitting that the police were anti-gay , but just " doing our jobs " when the raid turned into a riot .
Now he 's witnessing another gay revolution across the US - less violent , but no less significant , and one he is comfortable with .
" It 's another turning point .
The country has come a long way , " he said .
The most visible sign is the flurry of states legalising same - sex marriage .
As Massachusetts celebrated five years of gay marriage this year , Connecticut , Vermont , Maine and Iowa came on board .
New Hampshire is on the verge , as is New York , and although the gay marriage ban is likely to be upheld in court in California this week , even former opponents say it can't last .
But it is not just marriage .
There are two openly lesbian women on the reported short list to fill the forthcoming vacancy on the supreme court .
President Obama has appointed more than 30 gay men and lesbians to senior posts within his administration .
Comedian Wanda Sykes , African American and a lesbian , was the guest speaker at the high - profile White House Correspondents Dinner in front of Barack and Michelle Obama earlier this month .
And in popular culture , gay singer Adam Lambert came a close second in the American Idol contest last week , in which 100 million viewers voted - only months after former Idol star Clay Aiken came out of the closet .
Ellen DeGeneres has not only revived her TV career since her sitcom was cancelled in 1998 after she came out , but she has become a " face of CoverGirl " make - up model .
Hollywood 's Jodie Foster and Kelly McGillis recently came out after years in the closet , though male stars are noticeably more reluctant .
Meanwhile , cable TV channel MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow , 36 , is a success with her eponymous politics show and a leading voice urging Obama to honour his promise to repeal the ban on openly gay personnel in the military .
She hailed not a single tipping point , but " a day - to - day struggle " resulting in enormous progress over the past four decades , based on " more and more people coming out " .
She has been out since she was 17 .
" There has never been a better time to be gay in America than now , " said Daniel O'Donnell , one of four openly gay members of the New York state assembly and brother of TV star , gay - cruise company owner and lesbian campaigner Rosie O'Donnell .
" There has been a change just in the past couple of years .
We 've never been as close to equality as citizens in my lifetime . "
O'Donnell believes the New York state senate will overcome its past resistance and pass the assembly 's hard - fought gay marriage bill next month , to be followed soon after by New Jersey .
" It makes it more difficult as it spreads from New England for Pennsylvania , Maryland , etc , to resist the momentum .
Five years of gay marriage in Massachusetts and the sky did not fall , " he noted .
No one expects the likes of Alabama , Mississippi or Texas to allow gay marriage any time soon - and many gay people spurn the institution of marriage as too conventional anyway - but there is a growing view that , long term , the tide has turned .
Obama has a personal , religious sticking point on gay marriage and defers to individual states to make their own decisions .
He is a paradox at times , with his attempts to reach across any aisle , no matter how wide , inviting anti-gay evangelical minister Rick Warren to lead prayer at his inauguration and gay bishop Gene Robinson to pray at pre-inauguration celebrations .
But he is still seen as the most gay - friendly president in history , with the caveat that the gay community is waiting for him to live up to his promises on repealing the Defence of Marriage Act , which denies the recognition of same - sex marriage at the federal level , and the flawed " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " military restrictions , which forbid officers from inquiring about their personnel 's sexual orientation , but prohibit servicemen and women from being openly gay .
Obama was the first president to mention gay rights in his election victory speech and gay men and lesbians are excited - though increasingly impatient - about the prospects for equality .
" It is truly an honour to be here , " Wanda Sykes said when she stood up at the prestigious correspondents ' dinner for the first black president .
Her address ranged from the hilarious to the edgy , leading to days of controversy , but sparked by the tasteless digs she made at right - wing pundit Rush Limbaugh , not the fact that she is a lesbian or black .
" Wanda , Ellen , Rachel - openly gay people in visible places and positions of power - it 's so cool .
There have been spectacular changes , " said fashion writer Robert Bryan , 63 .
He was a banker , deeply in the closet , when he stumbled on a rumpus outside the Stonewall Inn 40 years ago .
At first , drag queens were can - can kicking and singing taunting songs at the outnumbered police , but it escalated as beatings began to accompany arrests , and Bryan joined in .
" It was fun and exciting .
But then people got more and more angry at the police violence , we had just had enough of being marginalised , " he recalled last week .
There was rioting for five nights .
The 40th anniversary will be celebrated at gay pride parades across the world this summer .
The BBC is planning a major radio documentary about Stonewall and the New York public library will open a prominent exhibition called 1969 : The Year of Gay Liberation .
" Equality ?
It 's all over bar the shouting .
We will prevail , " said author Rita Mae Brown , who witnessed the Stonewall riots .
She was then a major figure in the feminist movement and became an icon with her 1973 watershed lesbian novel Rubyfruit Jungle
Victory for Brown now would be for a person 's sexuality to be seen as irrelevant .
" I do n't want to talk about being gay .
I want to talk about what 's happening in Afghanistan , the environment , the economy ...
I hope people celebrate this summer and remember how far we have come , then get outside themselves to engage with other great problems in society , " she said .
This spring , Obama specifically sent out invitations to gay parents to attend the annual Easter egg roll on the White House lawn .
Trite , perhaps , but revealing .
And Stanford law professors Kathleen Sullivan and Pamela Karlan , both openly gay , may not be regarded as frontrunners to fill the gap in the supreme court when Obama announces his nominee , but their very mention is an epiphany .
Gay congressman Barney Frank , often voted brainiest and wittiest politician in Congress , is currently orchestrating federal anti-discrimination legislation to protect gay people in the work place .
New York state Republican assemblywoman Janet Duprey voted
No on the gay marriage bill when it failed to become law in 2007 , but voted Yes earlier this month and now hopes it will pass in the state senate .
She said she was persuaded by the presence of a lesbian couple living three doors down on her block , and the opinions of " lovely , reasonable " gay constituents - " doctors , teachers , government workers , all sorts of decent citizens " - who lobbied her .
Duprey is now receiving cards warning her that she will burn in hell , but she said coming into contact with ordinary gay people who " just wanted equal rights " swayed her .
Civil union partnerships have too many legal weaknesses , she said .
" Everyone needs a lesbian couple on their block . "
Meanwhile , Rachel Maddow is lobbying for Obama immediately to issue a moratorium on troops being discharged from the military for being openly gay , including a soldier who came out on her show .
Other campaigners are prepared to give Obama the benefit of the doubt for now , while he fixes the economy and deals with two wars .
This summer is also the 40th anniversary of the Woodstock music festival .
As both gays and straights gear up for a new summer of love , author David Carter , who wrote Stonewall , the definitive book on the riots and their significance , put the onus on Obama not to betray the spirit of optimism .
" If he lives up to his promises , then it could be a golden age for our rights , " he said .
Landmarks on the way
1970 Gay Liberation Front organises parade to mark first anniversary of Stonewall riots in New York .
It sparked similar parades in other cities and countries and became an annual celebration later dubbed " gay pride " .
1973 American Psychiatric Association removes homosexuality from list of mental disorders .
It took 33 more years for the Pentagon to follow suit .
1981 First cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( Aids ) are identified among gay men in the US .
By 2009 , there have been at least 25 million deaths worldwide and half a million in the US .
1993 Don't Ask , Don't
Tell policy allowed gays and lesbians to serve in the US military - but not openly .
2003 Supreme Court ruling decriminalises homosexuality across the US .
Massachusetts becomes first state to legalise gay marriage .
With 75 pounds of military gear cinched on her furry back , Annie was stubborn the whole way .
The two Marines assigned to her pushed , pulled and sweet - talked her up the steep , twisting trail on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada .
“ C’mon , girl , you can make it , ” Lance Cpl. Chad Campbell whispered in her ear .
“ Only one more hill , ” promised Lance Cpl. Cameron Cross as he shoved Annie ’s muscular hindquarters .
The red - hued donkey snorted , nibbled on grass and let loose that distinctive braying , which begins with a loud nasal inhalation and concludes with an even louder blast of deep - throated protest .
She also dropped green , foul - smelling clumps , which the Marines carefully sidestepped .
On the rocky , uneven path , Annie never stumbled .
A good donkey , Marines say , knows three steps ahead where it wants to walk .
For Campbell and Cross , the day with Annie could be a preview of days to come .
The two may soon deploy to Afghanistan , where donkeys and mules have been the preferred mode of military transport for centuries -- and remain so .
With the U.S. shifting its focus from the deserts of Iraq to the mountains of Central Asia , this course on pack animals at the Marine Corps Mountain Warfare Training Center has become critical to the new mission .
Opened in 1951 to train troops for Korea , the center -- with its administrative buildings , barracks , corrals and an enormous tent for visiting troops -- is set on 47,000 acres of the Humboldt - Toiyabe National Forest , where serrated peaks above 10,000 feet are the perfect terrain to teach high - altitude combat skills .
Five donkeys , 24 mules and five sergeant trainers are stationed at the center for the course , which is given eight times a year to Marines , Army soldiers , Navy SEALs and some foreign troops .
Humvees and even helicopters are of limited use in Afghanistan ’s mountains .
There are few roads and the air is thin .
But a 1,000 - pound mule or 400 - pound donkey can easily carry a load one - third its weight -- or more , if necessary .
The weapons of war have changed , but the basics of handling donkeys and mules -- like the sawbuck saddle and packs on Annie -- are not much different from how they were in the time of Genghis Khan .
“ It ’s a very primitive way to carry very modern weapons , ” said Sgt. Joe Neal , one of the instructors .
“ But it works . ”
On the first day of the 12 - day course , Campbell , Cross and 40 other junior Marines , all from Camp Pendleton , listened intently at the corral in Pickel Meadows as instructors spoke of battles won with the help of four - footed allies .
One of the Marine Corps ’ most fabled heroes , Sgt. Maj .
Daniel Daly , earned his second Medal of Honor for leading pack animals into combat against Haitian bandits in 1915 .
Assigned one of the older , scruffier mules , two of the Marines later insisted the animal must have deployed with Daly .
The students learned to pack machine guns , mortars , grenades , Javelin missiles and M - 16 ammunition , as well as food , water and medical supplies -- all needed to carry the fight to the enemy .
“ The Taliban are born mountain men , they can move faster in that terrain than we can , ” said Staff Sgt. Tyler McDaniel , an Iraq war veteran who is now the lead instructor for the course .
“ The pack animals are a force multiplier .
They make sure we can get enough gear and men to the fight . ”
For some of the Marines here , animals were part of their upbringing .
“ I ’m used to breaking horses , but I ’m not used to packing mules , ” said Pfc. James Moody , 19 , of Zavalla , Texas .
But others had no experience .
“ This is all new to me , ” said Cpl. Bradley Neuenburg , a 20 - year - old computer buff from San Rafael in Northern California .
“ I ’m more used to basic syntax , binary language and codes . ”
In the beginning , some were tentative with the animals , leery of being kicked and reluctant to take charge .
Instructors prowled around the corral as the two - man teams struggled .
“ Pull that rope tight , ” Sgt. Graham Golden told Neuenburg in a voice loud enough to be heard by others having the same difficulty .
“ You ’re not going to hurt the mule , and otherwise that load is going to fall off up the mountain . ”
After several days of learning to handle rope , tie knots and hitches , and pack and balance loads , the students were graded on the knots -- and their demeanor around the animals .
“ It ’s a dying skill that we need to revive , ” said Sgt. Jerry Meece , 35 , a lean , slow - talking native of Lufkin , Texas , who was a rodeo bull rider for a dozen years before enlisting .
The animal packers course dates to the 1980s , when the CIA sent operatives here before they were dispatched to help the Afghans fight the Soviet occupation force .
The agency bought several thousand mules for the Afghans to maintain supply lines .
When they reach Afghanistan , the Marines probably will work with donkeys , which are cheaper and more common .
A good donkey can be had there for $ 5 .
As the Marines prepared for their first “ hump ” up the mountain , instruction was intense , laced with an obscenity that is integral to military patois .
Golden spotted Pfc. James McGuckin , an 18 - year - old from Staten Island , curling a rope around his hand and forearm like a suburbanite wrapping a garden hose for storage .
“ Is that the way I taught you to handle ropes ? ” he bellowed , slamming his clipboard to the ground .
“ Pay attention to detail !
Are you a [ expletive ]
Marine or in the [ expletive ] Army ? ”
In combat , said Golden , 27 , of Ferndale , Ark. , any deviation from training can get Marines killed .
McGuckin froze to attention and carefully placed the rope on the ground .
Other Marines watched wordlessly -- seemingly relieved it was someone else who was the object of their teacher ’s ire .
Later , as he waited in line at the chow hall , McGuckin said he did not mind being bawled out .
“ Someday , when we ’re in a fight , we ’re going to need those animals and those ropes , ” he said .
The trek up the mountain to a grassy meadow the Marines call LZ ( Landing Zone ) Penguin came on the fourth day .
The rain of previous days had abated , and only a few clouds shielded the Marines and the animals from bright sunshine .
The Marines and animals trudged for more than three hours and three miles up narrow , rock - strewn trails , a climb of about 1,000 feet in altitude .
More arduous journeys would follow in the next eight days .
One would test the Marines ’ ability to use their animals to retrieve U.S. injured and dead from a helicopter crash , with 200 - pound dummies called Rescue Randys as faux casualties .
The mules were purchased by the Marines from an outfitter in Montana .
The donkeys were rounded up by the Bureau of Land Management from its vast acreage .
The mules -- bigger , sleeker and more cooperative -- led the single - file procession .
The donkeys were in back .
The Marines devised different strategies for their maiden convoy .
Lance Cpl. Usay Vue , 25 , of Fresno , put apples from the chow hall in his backpack .
His mule , Gray , could smell the fruit and nosed the pack .
He seemed to be imploring Vue with a longing look in his brown eyes .
As they waited in the corral for the order to move out , Vue gave in and fed the mule a slice .
“ You be good to me , ” he whispered in the animal ’s ear , “ and I ’ll feed you more later . ”
Vue ’s partner , Pfc. Tony Chan , 20 , of Queens , N.Y. , found that their apple system worked well -- maybe too well .
Gray wanted to move faster than the column .
“ He was trying to motivate me , I guess , ” Chan said .
Pfc. Ilya Ward and Lance Cpl. John
Fisher designed a buddy system .
One would take the reins while the other ran ahead to rip up clumps of grass to feed their donkey , Jimmy .
“ It ’s a way to keep Jimmy motivated , ” said Ward , who rode horses in his native Siberia .
On those half a dozen occasions when Annie refused to budge , Campbell and Cross stuck to the dictum drilled into them : Donkeys do not respond well to rough treatment or harsh language .
Sgt. Chad Giles sat on his horse and watched the two 20 - year - olds coax and cajole Annie .
He urged persistence but admonished against rude language , saying they should talk to her as they would a woman they loved .
Another Marine had trouble summoning up patience as his brownish donkey refused to move , braying its discontent and threatening to bring the convoy to a halt .
“ I got the absolute worst [ expletive ] one of all , ” cried Pfc. Patrick Burree , 22 , of Santa Barbara .
Giles , 25 , of Provo , Utah , was not sympathetic .
“ I told you not to talk to her like that , ” he said , shaking his head in one of those “ some people never learn ” gestures .
After a short rest , the donkey moved on its own .
The final push , to about 8,000 feet , was through a grove of pine trees to a meadow the size of several football fields , with a small stream , shade trees and an abundance of sweet grass .
A snow - capped peak loomed in the distance .
For the donkeys and the mules -- bred for strength and stamina -- the size of their loads and the steepness of the terrain were no problem .
For the Marines , each with a 30 - pound pack , they were .
Many were winded and flushed .
“ She ’s OK , but I could be better , ” admitted Campbell , scratching Annie ’s chin and patting her sides .
“ We wanted a challenge and we got what we asked for , ” Cross said .
Campbell , of Pleasant Hill , Mo. , and Cross , of Altus , Okla . , were pleased they had passed the first test .
Campbell let Gus , a friend of Annie ’s , take a bite of an apple -- and then took a bite himself .
“ A little bit of donkey slobber never hurt nobody , ” he said .
Marines rested ; animals grazed .
The march down would be quicker , easier .
“ Now we know we can do it , ” Cross said , “ even when you get a stubborn one . ”
tony.perry@latimes.com
Archaeological News
Hoard of 70,000 Iron Age Coins found on Jersey in the english channel islands
When metal detectorists Reg Mead and Richard Miles found Iron Age coins under a Jersey field , they promptly reported their find to Jersey Heritage who excavated to reveal a massive hoard of coins dating to around 56BC .
The hoard is still largely in one piece and is being excavated under laboratory conditions by Neil Mahrer .
More ..
18th Century shipwreck under the world trade center , new york
Archaeologists have now analysed the date and structure of the timbers of the 18th century shipwreck found under the ruins of New York 's World Trade Center .
World Archaeology News on BBC Radio 5 Live
The latest archaeological news stories are brought to you every week on BBC Radio Five Live with award - winning archaeological correspondent , Win Scutt .
To find out more on this week 's stories , follow the links on the right .
You can listen to Win 's broadcast :
in the UK at 03.35 ( UK Time ) on Five Live 's " Up All Night " programme every Tuesday morning on 909 or 693 AM ,
or on digital in the UK on Channel 0105
or on the frequency of your BBC Local Radio station - all these local stations switch to Five Live between 01.00 and 05.00 every morning .
or online from anywhere in the world at 03.30 UK time .
Click Here .
Or you can listen to Win 's last Tuesday broadcast for up to 7 days through BBC iPlayer .
Click Here and select Tuesday 's Up All Night programme , then advance to 3.30 am .
Top archaeology news sites
There are many websites with the latest world archaeological news .
Here are Win Scutt 's top recommendations :
Search this website for News items since 2002
Enter your search terms Web www.archaeology.ws
Submit search form
World Archaeology News This Week
Fix 1 :
notice the dot in front of fonts
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE fontconfig SYSTEM " fonts.dtd " > < fontconfig > < match target = " font " > < edit mode = " assign " name = " rgba " > < const>rgb</const > </edit > </ match > < match target = " font " > < edit mode = " assign " name = " hinting " > < bool > true </bool > < /edit > </ match > < match target = " font " > < edit mode = " assign " name = " hintstyle " > < const> hintfull</const > </edit > </ match > < match target = " font " > < edit mode = " assign " name = " antialias " > < bool > true </bool > < /edit > </ match > </ fontconfig >
Fix 2 :
sudo rm /etc/fonts/conf.d/10 * sudo dpkg - reconfigure fontconfig
Create a new file in your home folder called " .fonts.conf " ( ) and paste this inside the file :
After this , do n't forget to restart Firefox 3.5 Paste this in a terminal : Restart Firefox 3.5 and it 's done .
Also , I suggest you use Swiftfox which is an improved Firefox build .
It does n't seem to have any problems with the subpixel smoothing .
Back in May , Facebook raised another $ 200 million , which valued the company at $ 10 billion .
Now , the investor – Digital Sky Technologies – is allowing employees to sell shares at a valuation of $ 6.5 billion according to a report in The New York Times .
While that ’s a far cry from the $ 15 billion that Facebook was once valued at by way of a small Microsoft investment , it does finally put into perspective how big of a company that the social network has become .
At $ 6.5 billion , Facebook is valued higher than CBS , Discovery Communications , and Macy’s .
For a more apples - to - apples comparison , it even places Facebook ahead of Salesforce.com , a publicly traded company that hit $ 1 billion in sales in its most recent fiscal year .
Facebook ’s revenue for 2009 is now expected to come in around $ 500 million according to recent comments by board member Marc Andreessen .
As for why the valuation has come down to $ 6.5 billion from $ 10 billion in only two months , The Times explains that the “ previous investment … was for preferred shares . ”
Regardless , Facebook is clearly entering some remarkable territory , the scale of which has not been seen since the rise of Google early this decade .
For someone like me , heading towards retirement , it 's too late .
But I look at my teenagers and I wonder .
For younger people here in the next few years there will be a big decision to make -- to stay in Ireland or to leave .
If I was graduating from school or college and had my whole life stretching out ahead of me , I know which option I would be choosing .
It 's not just the question of trying to find or hold on to a job here , something that is very hard now and is going to get increasingly difficult in the future as unemployment hits the half million mark and beyond .
Even for those who will be lucky enough to get a job , pay rates will be going down and opportunities will be very limited .
That 's the first thing .
But that 's just the start of it .
There is also the huge burden of national debt repayment that will have to be shouldered by the coming generation of workers , something that will affect personal income and lifestyle in a big way here in the years ahead .
If I were a young person coming on to the jobs market in Ireland in the next year or two , I might be asking myself why my generation should be the one which has to pay for the excesses of what went on during the boom years .
Somehow it does n't seem fair .
There will be higher taxes and new taxes ; there will be charges for all kinds of things ( like medicines and college education ) that used to be free to those who qualified .
The bottom line is that everything in Ireland is going to cost more , a whole lot more .
At the same time , competition for the available jobs will be intense and pay rates will suffer .
In a nutshell , it wo n't be a good time to be living in Ireland .
The reason for all this is something we have been exploring in this column for weeks now , the huge gap that has opened up here between tax revenue and state spending .
Tax revenue collapsed when the boom died but state spending has actually been increasing , mainly to pay welfare to all the people who have been losing their jobs .
Major cutbacks have to be made to stop Ireland going bankrupt , and in this column last week we considered some of the areas for cuts identified by the so - called Bord Snip report for the government .
That report caused an outcry for a few days here , but now everything has gone quiet again .
An air of depressed indifference has settled over the country , made worse by the awful wet summer we are having .
The politicians are on holidays , and there 's a feeling that all that bad stuff can be left to later in the year .
But like it or not , the bad stuff is coming down the line .
The government 's plan , which includes the € 5 billion ( $ 7 billion ) in spending cuts suggested by Bord Snip , or their equivalent , along with new property , water and carbon taxes and probably higher income taxes , will still require borrowings of more than € 60 billion ( $ 84.5 billon ) over the next four years .
If you add in the € 20 billion ( $ 28 billion ) borrowed this year , the existing national debt is going to nearly triple , from € 50 billion ( $ 70 billion ) to € 130 billion ( $ 183 billion ) .
The extra cost to the taxpayer of this added debt will be around € 6 billion ( $ 8.4 billion ) a year -- more than wiping out all of the savings from the Bord Snip cutbacks , for example .
If we can endure all that pain , we will begin to get our finances back to a level of borrowing that is more in line with our European partners .
We will avoid national bankruptcy and an invasion by the International Monetary Fund .
But that 's a big " if . "
Already there is strong opposition building up to the cutbacks report , and we do n't know how much of it will actually be implemented .
The government figures also assume that there will be a reasonable level of economic growth in Ireland from 2011 on , with a tax revenue recovery , and that is still far from certain .
So even on the government 's own figures , there are years of hardship ahead , years when the reduction in the feel good factor we are used to here is going to be enormous .
The standard of living is going to be way down , and people are going to feel like they are working for the tax man more than ever before .
The college leavers and young couples starting out in life in the next few years are going to feel this burden heavily ... and they could be carrying it for the next 10 years .
The unfairness of this is striking .
But there is another unfair factor at work here which I think will push many people into leaving and trying their luck elsewhere .
That factor is the way that many powerful people in Irish society will be able to avoid carrying their share of the burden .
In spite of the call from the government that everyone must put a shoulder to the wheel to solve the mess , there are some well - connected areas in Irish life -- professionals and state workers are two examples -- where people are aiming to do as little as possible .
Every day now we hear stories about the way tax money is being wasted to pay an army of state workers we can no longer afford .
These workers , through their unions , are preparing to fight any attempt to disturb their privileged positions , even though their pay is much higher than the private sector and their pension arrangements are bleeding the state dry .
The pensions are a particularly sore point at a time when private sector workers have seen their pensions wiped out by the stock market crash .
The guaranteed pensions of state workers , which are worth up to two - thirds of their finishing pay , would cost much more than half their total salary over the years if they had to fund the pensions themselves .
Instead , even with the recent levy , they pay only a small fraction of this .
But it 's not just the state workers .
There is also the army of professionals , many of whom do state work , who are still charging the same fees they got at the height of the boom .
There are lawyers , consultants , accountants , doctors , pharmacists and many others who are bleeding the system dry .
They are leeches on the tax paying private sector , the sector that produces the manufactured goods and services that supports everything else .
One thing this army of state workers and state paid professionals has in common is that they produce mainly paper -- endless reports and opinions and advice .
But nothing that you could butter your bread with .
The result is a country that is now hugely expensive to do business in , examples of which we see everyday all around us .
Just over a week ago , the commercial diamond manufacturer Element Six ( formerly De Beers ) said that 370 workers at its plant in the Shannon Industrial Estate were going to lose their jobs because costs were too high .
The move is a further blow to employment in the west of Ireland region , where companies has been reducing worker numbers over the past year , including almost 2,000 lay - offs at Dell in Limerick .
The company said that its Shannon operation had the highest cost base of all its plants around the world , with workers in Element Six earning € 12 ( $ 16.9 ) an hour more than in some other countries .
It 's not the fault of the Shannon workers , of course , who simply looked for pay scales on a par with everyone else in the Celtic Tiger economy .
In the Irish economy as a whole in the years 2003 - 2007 , unit labor costs here went up by 17 % .
In the same period in Britain they increased by 9 % . and in Germany they fell by 4 % , which shows you just how mad things got here .
The key to unpicking this mess now is to reduce the burden of the state sector and its attendant army of professionals .
Once those costs start to come down , incentive will return to the real economy and a recovery just might begin .
That is why the cutbacks that the Bord Snip report suggested are so vital .
There is not a moment to lose , with the cost of keeping the state boat afloat now costing us an extra € 400 million ( $ 563.9 million ) in borrowing every week , making the debt mountain higher and higher .
Resolute , immediate action is what is needed .
But the government , and especially Taoiseach ( Prime Minister ) Brian Cowen , seems to be in no rush , keeping a low profile , doing nothing and staying on holidays .
Why ?
Because they do n't want to start the cuts until they get the Lisbon referendum passed in a couple of months .
And in the meantime , we carry on pretending that everything is normal .
But there are a lot of young people here now who see what is happening , and who feel that the government wo n't have the steel needed to take on the state sector and its attendant paper army when the time comes .
Instead of hanging around to carry an unfair share of the burden , these young people will be out of here .
And they will be right .
Ooh cats ... nasty buggers , lemme tell ya .
I remember a few years back when I was in the same position .
My friend was taking a vacation in Yucatan and she asked me to watch her cats .
She had 11 of them .
ELEVEN CATS .
Why would you want 11 cats ?
I will never understand that .
But anyway .
I woke up one morning to find this orange tabby sitting on my throat .
Scared the **** out of me and I made a sudden movement so he left some marks ...
The next night I could n't sleep right because I was afraid the same thing would happen .
I closed all the doors and windows but I swear those darned cats have a way of disassembling themselves and then reassembling in a different location or something because there 's no way to keep them out of anywhere !
So there I am , trying to sleep , hugging the covers in close to me like a child afraid of monsters under the bed ... and then I see them .
The eyes .
They kept accumulating ... first it was just 8 ... then 10 ... they just kept coming out of no where !
I assumed they must have been angry with me because of the way I threw off the tabby , and they were coming to get their revenge .
But I 'll tell you what -- cats ... they hate wormwood .
I mean hate .
Like ... they would n't touch a sprig of wormwood with a 100 foot pole .
It 's a long story about how I came to learn of this ... but that is for another time .
So here 's what you do .
Every town has an apocathary .
Go to your local apocathary and ask the person behind the counter for wormwood .
They wo n't take you seriously because wormwood is technically illegal ( it 's what 's used in absynth for example ... it's the hallucinogenic stuff ) , but if you tell them that it 's for fending off feral cats , they 'll know you mean business .
They 'll probably take you into some back room ( some places have really cool hidden rooms where you have to turn a fake wine bottle door knob and stuff like that ) and that 's where they hide all the illegal stuff .
They 'll give you a little jar with some wormwood in it , and they 'll name a price ( since the stuff is illegal , it 's all going to have to be under the table so it 's not traceable ) .
Some people are pretty reasonable , others are greedy and see an easy way to make a profit since they can't report the income from this transaction .
Whatever the cost , you 're going to have to accept it or face the cats because the people who tend to work at apocatharies usually are n't very friendly and are not open to haggling .
So once you have the wormwood , find some twine or something and hang it from the ceiling .
You can be sure that the cats will never bother you again .
To answer your question fully , yes the cat is probably trying to kill you .
Cats are famously heartless , bloodthirsty beasts .
But follow my directions precisely and you should make it out alive .
The Splitfish Frag Pro is any FPS lover ’s dream .
Not only does it allow the user to take advantage of the preciseness of PC mouse , but also the tangibility of a controller at the same time .
The mouse and “ Frag Chuck ” , as affectionately named by G4TV , gives a FPS player the ability to go from mediocre to amazing .
Have you ever wished that you could make quick movements while aiming at an opponent ?
The Frag Pro lets you do just that .
What about sniping multiple opponents in a mere seconds , the Frag Pro lets you do that as well .
Here is how it works .
You download software for the Frag Pro to your computer and customize the button layout .
Set the sensitivity of the buttons and the speed at which your character will react to the controls .
Once you finish fine tuning the controls , you are ready to collect kills .
You may need to practice with the mouse and “ Frag Chuck ” a bit before you ’re a killing machine , but once you get the hang of it and the features such as the “ Frag button ” which slows down gameplay , you ’re as good as your reflexes allow .
The current Frag Pro is wired , but the upcoming Evo will be wireless .
The mouse will be bigger and will be laser instead of optical .
There is also some information trickling out about possibly having macros as well , so stay tuned for more on that .
The Frag Pro retails for $ 70 .
The upcoming Evo will retail at $ 80 .
If you have any questions about how good this controller is , a gamer was able to best the guys from Infinity Ward at COD4 with it .
$ 70 is n’t too much to ask for results like that .
In the past few days , teaser trailers have appeared online that have gotten fans excited about the possible announcement of a new MechWarrior game .
Well , we can confirm that the title is in development .
Forget what you 've played before ; say hello to MechWarrior .
That 's its full title , there 's no 5 or V after its name ; this is a complete reboot for the famous franchise .
To learn more , we have an exclusive interview with Smith and Tinker co-founder Jordan Weisman and Russ Bullock , president of Piranha Games .
Weisman was also the co-founder of FASA and a co-creator of the BattleTech universe that MechWarrior is based upon .
If you 're looking for a quick summary of the interview , check out our revealing .
Below , you 'll find information about the new storyline , the planned multiplayer and co-op features , and even details about the console transition for the game .
You 'll also be able to check out the first full trailer of MechWarrior , as well as our Rewind Theater analysis of that video .
Finally , make sure you leave your comments – both Weisman and Bullock are interested in finding out what fans think about the new direction that they want to take the acclaimed MechWarrior franchise .
I 'll kick off everything ; this came about through a series of turns .
After I left Microsoft some years ago , Microsoft let the properties lay idle – they had n't really done much with them .
So about two years ago , I was able to negotiate the license that gave me the opportunity to try to do something with those properties because they 're all close to my heart , and I hate seeing great universes lay fallow .
Of course , in the way of how the world works , as soon as I put that deal together , Smith and Tinker materialized around me in a strange confluence of events and I got swept up in doing Nanovor , which is our big release product this fall .
So I was n't able to spend a lot of time on the FASA properties as I wanted , but I spent a bunch of time thinking about what I wanted to do with them .
Russ , who is a longtime fan , and I 'll let him tell his story , got a hold of me .
We started talking and developed a prototype project on a different subject as a kind of " get to know you , " and during that process spent a lot of time talking about our shared passion for reinventing MechWarrior .
We 've been working on this vision for MechWarrior , of which the video is a component of our thoughts about what the game should be , for the last five months now .
The goal was partially a celebration of the twenty - fifth anniversary of the property , and mostly as a way of trying to present to the public and to publishers a vision of what a next - generation MechWarrior could be , was to roll this thing out next week .
It very much happened like that .
I grew up playing the pen-and - paper game ; I can thank my brother for that as he dragged his little brother with him to play all the latest role - playing games he could get his hands on .
Some of them really spoke to me – a lot of the FASA properties , and especially one that really did was MechWarrior – the BattleTech brand .
So when I formed Piranha Games ( and Piranha Games will be ten years old this January ) , it put me in a situation where things like that , when I thought of them , put me in a unique situation to attempt to try to work on some of those passions .
Over the years , there was a very miniscule chance that the brands were being used ; they were at Microsoft and various companies .
It still did n't prevent me from researching what was going on with the properties and , were they available , could I do something ?
Every year or two throughout ten years , and then , to my surprise , the latest time I went looking around , I found out that Jordan had licensed them back and Smith and Tinker have those rights .
That was about October last year and we just started to form that relationship and I got very excited .
We continued to strengthen our relationship until we got to where we are today .
Yeah , October we started to discuss and talk about things .
We started off with paper ; we started off with a PowerPoint presentation and we came down and presented it to Jordan and we fine tuned it .
We talked about what MechWarrior should be today , and that process took a couple of months .
It just so happens -- and it 's interesting how these things work in life -- that we were doing that much , everything we could to work with Jordan on the license , and we were busy at the time finishing off Transformers 2 with Activision .
We worked directly with their internal studio LuxoFlux to create the 360 and PS3 SKUs of Transformers 2.
So , I found it somewhat interesting and ironic that we were creating another large robot - based type game .
That was giving us a lot of experience and knowledge and scale and all of the things that you can imagine would be shared attributes of the two .
Although different , there are a lot of shared attributes .
So , we were busy working on that , and when we finished working on it in the early spring or late winter , March timeframe , that 's when it really started to ramp up having a team full time on the MechWarrior franchise .
Not in the full development scenario , of course , but in a " let 's create this prototype , " something that we can demonstrate what we think MechWarrior can be in a reborn situation .
It 's definitely a re-launch .
I mean , twenty five years of any soap opera , especially space opera , can become pretty difficult for new players to become involved in .
We wanted to take the opportunity to re-launch , or as Russ phrased it , redact the universe .
Introduce it at the kind of accessible level it was when we first introduced the universe twenty five years ago .
This is not unlike what we 've seen most recently with Star Trek , Iron Man , Spider - Man … All franchises which , as they reach out to a new audience , need to create an accessible origin story for their beginnings .
So that 's where we wanted to go to , it 's right at the beginning .
Actually , the story starts just as Hanse Davion comes to power , so it is just , as you said , at the end of the Third , right at the beginning of what will become the Fourth Succession War .
To Save Big , Think Small
A few days ago , I was bewildered about my recent activities and how it relates to my finances .
During the last three months , I traveled to five different places totaling 20,000 + miles .
For most people , this type of travel schedule would cause a budget crisis but surprisingly , mine still turned out okay .
The result got me thinking about why this is the case and how I could alert you of my findings .
One thing led to another and the true reason surfaced : we are usually misled into thinking that certain activities are costly .
Surprise surprise but let me give you a few examples of what I mean .
Vacations are not expensive – the meals , hotels , transportation and gifts are .
Eating out is not expensive – the drinks and deserts are .
The movies are n’t expensive – the popcorn , drinks and dinner beforehand is what trashes the budget .
In fact , I was talking to Emma about a particular restaurant that surprised me the first few times when we got the bill because the per person cost is always triple the cost of each entree .
A quick study shows why :
Appetizer : $ 10 – $ 15
Entree : $ 12 – $ 15
Drinks : $ 5
Desert : $ 7.50
Tips and Taxes : add another 30 % of so to the bill
We normally do n’t order deserts at restaurants but the cakes are the only reason why we go to this place .
Another interesting fact is that we are more prone to ordering drinks at this particular diner because ( and this is my theory only ) we subconsciously figured that a drink goes well along with the cake , not to mention that it has become a habit for us to order one now .
So from all this , we can safely assume that some people can spend something like $ 15 ( $ 12 + tax and tip ) , while another person can pay as much as $ 40 for eating at the same restaurant .
Quite a difference .
What I ’m Trying to Say
You see .
Whether it ’s continually changing cars , eating out , living in a big house or traveling continuously , it does n’t mean anything about how much is being spent .
Now why is this important ?
The obvious is of course the fact that you can trim your expenses much further by eliminating some unneeded details , but there ’s more .
It means that :
There is No Need to be Jealous of Other People – Are your neighbors always changing cars ?
Maybe they are n’t really that rich but are just going out to dinner less to compensate .
Perhaps they are actually making money every time they change vehicles because they are buying used cars with good value and turning around to sell them , in which case you should talk to them more and learn from them .
We Can Still Have Fun and Save Some Money Too – Arguably , going out to eat is about having a good time with your friends and family ( as opposed to the actual food consumed ) , and also getting out of the everyday routine of eating at home .
Instead of paying $ 40 every time you go out on Friday night , why do n’t you buy the $ 12 entree and go out Friday and Saturday ?
How about the vacation trip that you ’ve been dreaming about for ages ?
There are tons of ways to budget travel .
Why not study what others do and make your dreams come true ?
Little matters count , because the small details probably account for most of the cost .
Mark Cavendish , from the Isle of Man , was easily the sensation of the 2009 Tour de France , winning six stages .
If you have witnessed this man on a bike , then you know that he simply cannot be caught in a sprint .
In his victory on Sunday ’s concluding stage , Cavendish , and his lead out man Mark Renshaw , blew past the field to an easy one , two finish .
However what you may not know is that Cavendish took those stage victories on a WWII Fighter Plane .
VeloNews has the story :
According to Scott marketing coordinator Lionel Girardin , Cav ’s Addict is called the “ Sprint Air Force . ”
It wears paint and decals in a World War II fighter airplane theme .
The top tube sports wing decals , each pair signifying a shoot - down in the style of the World War II dogfighting days .
“ Just as fighter pilots mark their planes with each successive kill , ” said Girardin .
The bike sports a custom silver - painted finish with faux rivets .
Decals of a pinup girl holding a British flag , Cavendish ’s name in script , and the lettering “ Sprint Air Force ” accent the fighter airplane theme .
He ’s also got a green SRM power meter head unit and green Oakley Jawbone glasses to go with the green sprinter ’s jersey he wore early on in the race .
Yup , the dude has a pin-up girl painted on his bike , complete with a Union Jack flag .
Awesome !
I ’m not sure if it would be possible for Cavendish to be any cooler , or for us to have a bigger man crush .
Check out the gallery below for more images of his sweet ride .
Need more proof of how badass Cavendish is ?
How about some interview quotes from Maxim :
Although seen as cocky , Cavendish does have a point : “ The fact is , you look at the replays of my wins at the Tour , and I ’m the fastest sprinter .
I ’m stating a fact .
It ’s not just me saying ‘ I ’m the fastest sprinter ’ without backing it up – I ’m stating a fact , you know ? ”
He was accused by Italian Filippo Pozzato of holding on to the back of a car when his climbing skills improved .
“ They ca n’t understand I ’ve gone home and worked hard , ” he says .
“ It ’s frustrating but , you know , he ’s a dickhead .
I do n’t give a shit , really . ”
Accusation of doping in cycling really pisses him off .
“ Everyone thinks cycling is a big doping sport , ” he claims .
“ But Wimbledon is on at the minute .
You ca n’t tell me they ’re not dickheads doing drugs in that sport . ”
… and how about this , in relation to Cavendish being racist , from Bicycle.net :
Speaking to L’Equipe under anonymity for fear of tactical reprisals by Cavendish and his Columbia team during the July 4 - 26 race , the riders said they have just about had enough .
“ Cavendish is racist , he ’s anti-French , ” said one rider .
“ He should be careful .
We ’re not going to put up with his attitude much longer . ”
Cav ’s response , from Cycling Weekly :
“ Someone showed me the article this morning and I had to laugh , ” Cavendish said .
“ It ’s a small article by an anonymous writer and with comments from an anonymous rider .
I ’ve got to take it as a compliment if they ’ve got nothing else to write about .
They ca n’t criticize my cycling , so they start this shit .
For sure , I ’m going to upset some people because I ’m an arsehole , but it is n’t relevant what nationality they are or where they come from .
But I did n’t say it and I hope the person who wrote it and said it feels guilty .
I ’m just going to brush it off . ”
Even if Cavendish said , “ Move out of the way Frenchie , I have a race to win ! ” as he was streaking to the front of the Peloton , I fail to see how that makes him racist .
France is a country , not a race .
Since when has it been taboo to hate a country , especially the French ?
Perry has $ 9.3 million to start campaign
The race for governor
Perry , Hutchison rapidly filling up war chests
Hutchison transferred money from her U.S. Senate account at the end of last year , giving her $ 8 million to start the campaign .
Perry was prohibited by state law from raising money during the regular legislative session and through the period when he can sign and veto bills .
Hutchison had no such restrictions .
Hutchison ’s campaign was giving no hint of how much she raised .
Detailed reports on fund - raising for the first half of this year are not due until next Wednesday .
“ Kay Bailey Hutchison is proud of her strong statewide support , which is both broad and deep , ” Hutchison spokesman Hans Klingler said in a statement .
Palin to aid governor
Besides the money , Perry said Wednesday he will have out - going Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin campaigning for him in Texas , according to an interview he gave the Associated Press .
Palin is popular with social conservatives who will make up a large portion of the Texas primary turnout .
Perry ’s campaign refused to release a list of his donors on Wednesday .
He financed his 1998 race for lieutenant governor in part with a $ 1.1 million loan guaranteed by three donors .
And in 2006 , a $ 1 million donation by Houston businessman Bob Perry , no relation , to the Republican Governor ’s Association coincided with a $ 1 million donation from the RGA to Perry ’s campaign .
With half a year of fund - raising left to go , Perry and Hutchison could enter the primary with each having $ 20 million budgets .
Perry , who has become an evangelist for online politics , bragged that $ 454,094 of his current fund - raising was done online .
Perry finance chairman Jim Lee of Houston touted the fast fund - raising as a sign of Perry ’s political strength .
“ This is a remarkable accomplishment and a ringing endorsement of Governor Perry , ” said Jim Lee , one of Governor Perry ’s state finance chairs .
“ Ninety - five percent of those contributing are from Texas , showing that Texans continue to appreciate and value his leadership . ”
The only officially announced Democrat in the race is Tom Schieffer of Fort Worth .
rg.ratcliffe@chron.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Two popular anti-smoking drugs will now carry warnings about the risk of severe mental health problems , the Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday .
" Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease , disability and death , " an FDA official said .
The FDA said Chantix and Zyban will carry the warnings to alert consumers to the risks of depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs .
The drugs also have been reported to cause changes in behavior , hostility and agitation in users , whether users had a history of psychiatric illness or not .
In many cases , side effects started shortly after use began and ended when the medication was stopped .
The FDA does not know what is causing the changes and said people taking these products should be monitored by their doctor .
" The risk of serious adverse events while taking these products must be weighed against the significant health benefits of quitting smoking , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research .
" Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease , disability and death in the United States , and we know these products are effective aids in helping people quit . "
The agency also is requiring Pfizer Inc. , which makes Chantix , and GlaxoSmithKline , maker of Zyban , to conduct a study looking at how often these serious symptoms occur .
Pfizer says it updated its label in 2007 to include information of neuropsychiatric symptoms and has revised the label again to reflect Wednesday 's warning .
Health Library MayoClinic : Nicotine dependence
" The labeling update underscores the important role of health care providers in treating smokers attempting to quit and provides specific information about Chantix and instructions that physicians and patients should follow closely , " said Dr. Briggs W. Morrison , senior vice president of the primary care development group at Pfizer .
" Quitting smoking is one of the best things people can do for their health , but the quitting process is both difficult and complex . "
The FDA says that since Chantix was approved in 2006 , the agency has had reports of 98 suicides and 188 attempted suicides .
Zyban has had reports of 14 suicides and 17 attempts .
Zyban contains the same active ingredient as the antidepressant Wellbutrin and already carried a box warning about the increased risk of suicidal thinking and behavior .
Neither Chantix nor Zyban contains nicotine , and the FDA said some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawal .
Still , the agency said , people using these drugs experienced some of these symptoms while they were still smoking .
In a review of side effects in patients using the nicotine patch , the agency said it did n't find a clear link between those products and suicidal events .
All About Smoking • Food and Drug Administration
Videocasting Tutorial Step by Step ...
How to include a Video in a Video Podcast Using FeedForAll Videocasting is simply distributing video content using RSS .
The process is suprisingly simple , and by making video content available using RSS , videocasters give listeners more control over what they listen to and when .
Also , many podcasts are available for syndication , which increases a broadcasters exposure .
Generally videocasting is helpful for :
1. Tutorials
2. Training ( instructional materials )
3. Entertainment
4. Music Videos
Videocasting is simply an RSS feed that contains an video file in the enclosure tag .
The following is a step by step tutorial that explains how to setup your videocast .
Start a new RSS feed
1 . Enter a title for the new feed / videocast
2 . Enter a collective description of all the video files contained in the videocast .
3 . Enter the URL of the website or webpage you want associated with the videocast .
Click the ' Items ' tab and then the Add Item Button
4 . Enter a title for this specific videocast or video file .
5 . Enter a description of what the video file contains .
6 . Enter the URL of the website or webpage you want associated with this video file .
7. Click the ' optional tag '
8. Click the ' Enclosure ' field a list will automatically drop down .
9 . Enter the URL of the video file containing the video content .
10 .
List the file size of the video file .
11 . List video and the format of the video file .
file suggested type .avi video/x- msvideo .m4u video/vnd.mpegurl .m4v video/x-m4v .mov video / quicktime .mp4 video /mp4 .mpe video / mpeg .mpeg video / mpeg .mpg video / mpeg .qt video / quicktime
go back to main tab .
12 . Save and FTP the feed to your server .
China Invests $ 30 Billion in Renewable Energy ; Economy Rebounds
July 24th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
China ’s economy makes stunning rebound :
China ’s economy grew nearly 8 % in the second quarter of 2009 , the government said , in a stunning turnaround for the Asian powerhouse that offered some hope for the rest of the world .
Analysts said the rebound in China would offer a boost of confidence for the global economy as it struggles out of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
To fight the downturn , the government had begun implementing an internal infrastructure stimulus package from November last year .
China ’s exports dropped 21 % .
Yet its overall industrial output actually expanded 9 % !
Wait .
How can that happen ?
Because China is investing in its own renewable energy infrastructure :
Urban fixed asset investments rose 33 percent in the first half of 2009 .
Renewable energy investments have been launched by the U.S. government this year , as well as by governments in Europe and across Asia .
But China ’s stimulus is by far the most sweeping , with massive investment in renewable energy , including wind , hydropower and solar development :
China has invested $ 30 billion dollars in renewable energy .
Asian stimulus packages could lead to new waves of demand for renewable projects in China .
As a result , global demand across the supply chain could shift from Europe and the U.S. to Asia .
“ Upcoming solar - power installations have the potential to surpass the original 2020 target of 1.8 GW by up to 10 times , reaching between 10 GW and 20 GW over the next 10 years , ” said said Asia Pacific energy and power systems program manager Irina Sidneva .
China is more infamous for supposedly “ putting up a new coal power plant every week ” .
It appears that the Chinese government is not afraid to pick winners and losers .
Fossil energy sources are the losers in this socialized energy stimulus package .
Image via Te We Liu
Via Terra Daily and The Wall Street Journal
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Lovely people .
Insurance giant AIG is trying to seize a $ 490 million charitable endowment — and claw back $ 27 million it already awarded to New York charities — to pay executive bonuses , The Post has learned .
The endowment , called Starr International Foundation , is run by former AIG chairman Hank Greenberg , and has given millions to the Sept. 11 Memorial and Museum , Citymeals and other local groups .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Tempe
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Master O'reilly will take you from the pansy - ass lush you are now to becoming a true liability in only 5 weeks .
Intensive training covering such varied areas of self - offense as : - Using wing sauce as a weapon - Breaking a beer bottle without slicing and dicing your hands -
Accurate projectile vomiting - Flicking a lit cigarette into someones face - " Getting the fuck outta there " Classes will be held every Monday , Weds , and Friday - with Fridays being reserved for critiquing failed technique in the classic and award winning movie Roadhouse .
You 'll come to class , get wasted drunk , and mix it up with other like - minded individuals .
Master Ryan will show you the path to true ' trouble maker . '
Only when you reach that point will you be able to tell that douche - bag how ridiculous his shirt / hat / girlfriend is with the confidence that only comes from being trained as a drunk fighter .
If you aspire to bar - flydom , this class is a must have !
Classes start at $ 50 a week + a 12 pack per class .
The Flying Saucers
For many years now , UFOs have more than not been identified as " flying saucers , " or disc - shaped objects .
Of course , there were other unknown flying object reports of odd - shaped vehicles of many different descriptions , but these were the exception and not the rule .
In the last 30 years or so , the triangle shape has become a topic of much discussion .
Often reported as flying low and running silent , with several lights on the bottom , these strange objects have become an enigma in UFO circles .
Sightings of these objects often come in waves , and they are reported as being able to go from a crawl to a high - speed departure in a matter of seconds .
A Government Project ?
Many feel that the triangle UFO may be a top - secret government craft , still in the experimental stage , and more than likely designed with military implications .
Some researchers feel that they are the next step in the Stealth series of craft , capable of flying low and making their exit without being detected by enemy radar .
This type of craft would be indispensable for enemy surveillance , especially with weapon capabilities .
I will agree that a good portion of triangle UFO sightings may be attributed to a government manufactured craft , but this cannot account for all of them .
The man on the street cannot know just how advanced governmental or military technological prowess may be , but reports of the flight characteristics of the triangles seem to surpass even our most liberal estimates of what modern technology is capable of .
Reports Increasing
Although the triangle craft seem to be a dark , mysterious entity , according to researcher and author , Clyde Lewis , triangle sightings in the United Kingdom are almost an everyday occurrence .
He states in his article , " Mystery of the Black Triangles , " there have been approximately 4,000 reports of the triangles since 1990 in the UK alone .
There have also been waves of triangle sightings in Belgium , France , Holland and Germany , beginning with the most celebrated wave of all , the 1989 - 1990 triangle wave over Belgium .
In this particular case , in addition to triangle sightings , other anomalous events took place .
As some of the triangles were picked up by military radar , jets would be scrambled to get a close look at exactly what was invading Belgian airspace .
However , although the jet fighters could briefly lock in on the mysterious UFOs , when their weapons were set to fire , their electrical systems would malfunction , and soon the triangles were out of range .
Anomalous Effects
A second unusual fact during the Belgian wave was the inability of eyewitnesses to capture the objects on film .
There are a couple of fairly decent , distant videos of them , and finally , one good photograph was taken in April 1990 in the city of Petit - Rechain .
This photograph clearly shows a triangle - shaped object with red lights on the belly .
There were approximately 1,000 sightings of the Belgian triangle , and many of these were reported by ground observers who could clearly see the craft and took what they felt would be a good , clear picture .
However , when their film was developed , the image was blurry and had no probative value .
This fact came to the attention of August Meessen , a physics professor , who was employed by the Catholic University at Louvin .
He developed a theory that the photographic failures were caused by infrared light .
He proved his theory through scientific experiments .
What this actually means is open to debate , but it appears from witness statements , that the farther away the triangle was from the photographer , the better chance to get a good image .
The sightings over Belgium were investigated , and there was no doubt that unknown , triangular - shaped objects moved over the country for about two years .
They were caught on radar , seen by pilots , and witnessed by a general cross-section of the public , including policemen .
No explanation could be given , except to say that something very unusual occurred in the Belgian skies .
This is one of the best examples of the triangle UFOs , but in future articles , I will detail other special cases of these strange , low - flying craft .
Which I /O controller is the fairest of them all ?
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
An I/O controller is a system component intended to arbitrate access to block storage devices ; it should ensure that different groups of processes get specific levels of access according to a policy defined by the system administrator .
In other words , it prevents I /O - intensive processes from hogging the disk .
This feature can be useful on just about any kind of system which experiences disk contention ; it becomes a necessity on systems running a number of virtualized ( or containerized ) guests .
At the moment , Linux lacks an I/O controller in the mainline kernel .
There is , however , no shortage of options out there .
This article will look at some of the I/O controller projects currently pushing for inclusion into the mainline .
For the purposes of this discussion , it may be helpful to refer to your editor 's bad artwork , as seen on the right , for a simplistic look at how block I/O happens in a Linux system .
At the top , we have several sources of I/O activity .
Some requests come from the virtual memory layer , which is cleaning out dirty pages and trying to make room for new allocations .
Others come from filesystem code , and others yet will originate directly from user space .
It 's worth noting that only user - space requests are handled in the context of the originating process ; that creates complications that we 'll get back to .
Regardless of the source , I/ O requests eventually find themselves at the block layer , represented by the large blue box in the diagram .
Within the block layer , I / O requests may first be handled by one or more virtual block drivers .
These include the device mapper code , the MD RAID layer , etc. Eventually a ( perhaps modified ) request heads toward a physical device , but first it goes into the I/ O scheduler , which tries to optimize I/O activity according to a policy of its own .
The I/O scheduler works to minimize seeks on rotating storage , but it may also implement I/O priorities or other policy - related features .
When it deems that the time is right , the I/ O scheduler passes requests to the physical block driver , which eventually causes them to be executed by the hardware .
All of this is relevant because it is possible to hook an I/ O controller into any level of this diagram - and the various controller developers have done exactly that .
There are advantages and disadvantages to doing things at each layer , as we will see .
dm-ioband
The dm-ioband patch by Ryo Tsuruta ( and others ) operates at the virtual block driver layer .
It implements a new device mapper target ( called " ioband " ) which prioritizes requests passing through .
The policy is a simple proportional weighting system ; requests are divided up into groups , each of which gets bandwidth according to the weight assigned by the system administrator .
Groups can be determined by user ID , group ID , process ID , or process group .
Administration is done with the dmsetup tool .
dm - ioband works by assigning a pile of " tokens " to each group .
If I / O traffic is low , the controller just stays out of the way .
Once traffic gets high enough , though , it will charge each group for every I / O request on its way through .
Once a group runs out of tokens , its I/O will be put onto a list where it will languish , unloved , while other groups continue to have their requests serviced .
Once all groups which are actively generating I/O have exhausted their tokens , everybody gets a new set and the process starts anew .
The basic dm- ioband code has a couple of interesting limitations .
One is that it does not use the control group mechanism , as would normally be expected for a resource controller .
It also has a real problem with I/O operations initiated asynchronously by the kernel .
In many cases - perhaps the majority of cases - I/ O requests are created by kernel subsystems ( memory management , for example ) which are trying to free up resources and which are not executing in the context of any specific process .
These requests do not have a readily - accessible return label saying who they belong to , so dm - ioband does not know how to account for them .
So they run under the radar , substantially reducing the value of the whole I /O controller exercise .
The good news is that there 's a solution to both problems in the form of the blkio - cgroup patch , also by Ryo .
This patch interfaces between dm-ioband and the control group mechanism , allowing bandwidth control to be applied to arbitrary control groups .
Unlike some other solutions , dm - ioband still does not use control groups for bandwidth control policy ; control groups are really only used to define the groups of processes to operate on .
The other feature added by blkio - cgroup is a mechanism by which the owner of arbitrary I /O requests can be identified .
To this end , it adds some fields to the array of page_cgroup structures in the kernel .
This array is maintained by the memory usage controller subsystem ; one can think of struct page_cgroup as a bunch of extra stuff added into struct page .
Unlike the latter , though , struct page_cgroup is normally not used in the kernel 's memory management hot paths , and it 's generally out of sight , so people tend not to notice when it grows .
But , there is one struct page_cgroup for every page of memory in the system , so this is a large array .
This array already has the means to identify the owner for any given page in the system .
Or , at least , it will identify an owner ; there 's no real attempt to track multiple owners of shared pages .
The blkio - cgroup patch adds some fields to this array to make it easy to identify which control group is associated with a given page .
Given that , and given that block I/ O requests include the address of the memory pages involved , it is not too hard to look up a control group to associate with each request .
Modules like dm- ioband can then use this information to control the bandwidth used by all requests , not just those initiated directly from user space .
The advantages of dm- ioband include device - mapper integration ( for those who use the device mapper ) , and a relatively small and well - contained code base - at least until blkio - cgroup is added into the mix .
On the other hand , one must use the device mapper to use dm-ioband , and the scheduling decisions made there are unlikely to help the lower - level I/O scheduler implement its policy correctly .
Finally , dm- ioband does not provide any sort of quality - of - service guarantees ; it simply ensures that each group gets something close to a given percentage of the available I /O bandwidth .
io - throttle
The io - throttle patches by Andrea Righi take a different approach .
This controller uses the control group mechanism from the outset , so all of the policy parameters are set via the control group virtual filesystem .
The main parameter for each control group is the maximum bandwidth that group can consume ; thus , io - throttle enforces absolute bandwidth numbers , rather than dividing up the available bandwidth proportionally as is done with dm-ioband .
( Incidentally , both controllers can also place limits on the number of I /O operations rather than bandwidth ) .
There is a " watermark " value ; it sets a level of utilization below which throttling will not be performed .
Each control group has its own watermark , so it is possible to specify that some groups are throttled before others .
Each control group is associated with a specific block device .
If the administrator wants to set identical policies for three different devices , three control groups must still be created .
But this approach does make it possible to set different policies for different devices .
One of the more interesting design decisions with io - throttle is its placement in the I/O structure : it operates at the top , where I/O requests are initiated .
This approach necessitates the placement of calls to cgroup_io_throttle ( ) wherever block I /O requests might be created .
So they show up in various parts of the memory management subsystem , in the filesystem readahead and writeback code , in the asynchronous I/O layer , and , of course , in the main block layer I /O submission code .
This makes the io - throttle patch a bit more invasive than some others .
There is an advantage to doing throttling at this level , though : it allows io - throttle to slow down I/ O by simply causing the submitting process to sleep for a while ; this is generally preferable to filling memory with queued BIO structures .
Sleeping is not always possible - it 's considered poor form in large parts of the virtual memory subsystem , for example - so io - throttle still has to queue I /O requests at times .
The io - throttle code does not provide true quality of service , but it gets a little closer .
If the system administrator does not over - subscribe the block device , then each group should be able to get the amount of bandwidth which has been allocated to it .
This controller handles the problem of asynchronously - generated I/ O requests in the same way dm- ioband does : it uses the blkio - cgroup code .
The advantages of the io - throttle approach include relatively simple code and the ability to throttle I/O by causing processes to sleep .
On the down side , operating at the I/O creation level means that hooks must be placed into a number of kernel subsystems - and maintained over time .
Throttling I/ O at this level may also interfere with I/O priority policies implemented at the I/O scheduler level .
io -controller
Both dm- ioband and io - throttle suffer from a significant problem : they can defeat the policies ( such as I / O priority ) being implemented by the I/O scheduler .
Given that a bandwidth control module is , for all practical purposes , an I / O scheduler in its own right , one might think that it would make sense to do bandwidth control at the I/O scheduler level .
The io - controller patches by Vivek Goyal do just that .
Io - controller provides a conceptually simple , control - group - based mechanism .
Each control group is given a weight which determines its access to I/O bandwidth .
Control groups are not bound to specific devices in io - controller , so the same weights apply for access to every device in the system .
Once a process has been placed within a control group , it will have bandwidth allocated out of that group 's weight , with no further intervention needed - at least , for any block device which uses one of the standard I /O schedulers .
The io - controller code has been designed to work with all of the mainline I/O controllers : CFQ , Deadline , Anticipatory , and no-op .
Making that work requires significant changes to those schedulers ; they all need to have a hierarchical , fair - scheduling mechanism to implement the bandwidth allocation policy .
The CFQ scheduler already has a single level of fair scheduling , but the io - controller code needs a second level .
Essentially , one level implements the current CFQ fair queuing algorithm - including I/O priorities - while the other applies the group bandwidth limits .
What this means is that bandwidth limits can be applied in a way which does not distort the other I/O scheduling decisions made by CFQ .
The other I/ O schedulers lack multiple queues ( even at a single level ) , so the io - controller patch needs to add them .
Vivek 's patch starts by stripping the current multi-queue code out of CFQ , adding multiple levels to it , and making it part of the generic elevator code .
That allows all of the I/O schedulers to make use of it with ( relatively ) little code churn .
The CFQ code shrinks considerably , but the other schedulers do not grow much .
Vivek , too , solves the asynchronous request problem with the blkio - cgroup code .
This approach has the clear advantage of performing bandwidth throttling in ways consistent with the other policies implemented by the I/O scheduler .
It is well contained , in that it does not require the placement of hooks in other parts of the kernel , and it does not require the use of the device mapper .
On the other hand , it is by far the largest of the bandwidth controller patches , it cannot implement different policies for different devices , and it does n't yet work reliably with all I /O schedulers .
Choosing one
The proliferation of bandwidth controllers has been seen as a problem for at least the last year .
There is no interest in merging multiple controllers , so , at some point , it will become necessary to pick one of them to put into the mainline .
It has been hoped that the various developers involved would get together and settle on one implementation , but that has not yet happened , leading Andrew Morton to proclaim recently :
I 'm thinking we need to lock you guys in a room and come back in 15 minutes .
Seriously , how are we to resolve this ?
We could lock me in a room and come back in 15 days , but there 's no reason to believe that I 'd emerge with the best answer .
At the Storage and Filesystem Workshop in April , the storage track participants appear to have been leaning heavily toward a solution at the I/O scheduler level - and , thus , io - controller .
The cynical among us might be tempted to point out that Vivek was in the room , while the developers of the competing offerings were not .
But such people should also ask why an I/ O scheduling problem should be solved at any other level .
In any case , the developers of dm-ioband and io - throttle have not stopped their work since this workshop was held , and the wider kernel community has not yet made a decision in this area .
So the picture remains only slightly less murky than before .
About the only clear area of consensus would appear to be the use of blkio- cgroup for the tracking of asynchronously - generated requests .
For the rest , the locked - room solution may yet prove necessary .
# 894647 +( 4123 ) - [ X ] < NimF >
The lesbians next door bought me a rolex for my birthday .
< NimF >
I think they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch ...
As children , Lorenzo Carcaterra - Shakes to his friends - Michael Sullivan , Tommy Marcano , and John Reilly were inseparable .
They grew up in Hell 's Kitchen , a far from perfect neighborhood , one filled as Shakes says with scams and shake downs , but one where the rules were known and easily understood by its residents .
The one adult who they admired was Father Bobby Carelli , who understood them as kids more than most adults and more than he himself would like to admit .
In 1967 , their lives would change forever when a typical teenage prank went wrong which led to the four of them being sentenced to various terms at Wilkinson Home for Boys , a reformatory .
There , they were physically , emotionally and sexually abused primarily by Sean Nokes , the predatory lead guard of their cell block , and fellow guards Ralph Ferguson , Henry Addison , and Adam Styler , although there were other decent figures of authority at the home , including a few other guards .
Their time at the home affected the four , ... Written by Huggo
We are heartbroken by the loss of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
Over her long career she has left an indelible legacy of making this country fairer and more equal for all .
Read More »
( CNN ) --
A jury in Arkansas convicted evangelist Tony Alamo on Friday of 10 federal counts of taking minors across state lines for sex , according to the court in the Western District in Arkansas .
Evangelist Tony Alamo was convicted of all 10 counts against him and will be sentenced later .
Authorities in September charged Alamo , the 74 - year - old founder and leader of Tony Alamo Christian Ministries , and raided his 15 - acre compound near Texarkana , Arkansas .
Jurors reached the verdict after more than eight hours of deliberations .
Each count carries a maximum sentence of 10 years .
Between March 1994 and October 2005 , Alamo transported five girls younger than 18 across state lines for sex , according to the indictment .
The criminal complaint included accounts from three of the girls , two of whom were 17 when the complaint was filed last year and one who was 14 .
All three said Alamo sexually abused them .
Alamo , whose real name is Bernie Hoffman , had denied all wrongdoing .
In a phone interview last year with CNN , he called the accusations a hoax .
" They 're just trying to make our church look evil ... by saying I 'm a pornographer .
Saying that I rape little children .
... I love children .
I do n't abuse them .
Never have .
Never will . "
Asked why authorities were searching the property , Alamo compared himself to Christ .
" Why were they after Jesus , " he asked .
" It 's the same reason .
Jesus is living within me . "
Alamo also has compounds in Oklahoma and New Jersey .
The Southern Poverty Law Center says Tony Alamo Christian Ministries is anti-Catholic and a cult .
All About Tony Alamo
BOOSH - 2009-07-10
" Thanks For voting !
You tipped the scales "
: D
FeeFiFoFoTheFifeFifeBrown - 2009-07-10
I had no idea this site still existed .
the Snake - 2009-07-10
Oh yes .
It exists , and its even worse than you imagine .
Studios now grease Harry Knowles , and his reviews of terrible movies now hinge on how many trips to the craft service table he gets .
revdrew - 2009-07-10
He supposedly had lap band surgery a little over a year ago .
How the hell is even possible for him to still be that fat ?
OxygenThief - 2010-11-26
- 2010 -11-26 He absorbs plankton through osmosis .
teethsalad - 2009-07-10
you do n't have to walk when you 're the king of the beard - o's
Toenails - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 BOOSH almost ... ALMOST got my stars for his comment .
But I think we can agree who the real winner is here .
spikestoyiu - 2009-07-10
Consistently the most awful movie reviews on the Internet .
Dicknuts - 2009-07-10
The body is merely the vessel of the beard .
kwash - 2010-03-22
- 2010-03 - 22 Thanks for the tattoo idea .
Dr Dim - 2009-07-10
Is he fat from being in a wheelchair or in a wheelchair because he 's fat ?
fluffy - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 Fat begets fat , like a never - ending ouroboros of lard .
- 2009-07-10 Who is he ?
Smellvin - 2009-07-10
He 's moving his legs , so I 'm going to go with fatty in a chair rather than a person in a chair who got fat .
fluffy - 2009-07-10 FYI , I did not post that " who is he ? " comment .
I think someone got banned and their username got redacted .
Unlike that idiot , I can actually read a video 's description .
Hugo Gorilla - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10
He probably has to keep off his feet because of diabetes .
The Townleybomb - 2009-07-10
heh .
a classic fatty wheelchair .
hornung - 2009-07-10
was he the one that reviewed batman like it was a blowjob ?
RomancingTrain - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 That was Blade 2 .
http://www.aintitcool.com/display.cgi?id=11793
socialist_hentai - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 oh god , I 'm gonna puke now ... the fuck ... for fuck god sakes that was the most disgusting thing ever , especially knowing that it was written by 2 wheel drive fatty up there ... god fucking damn it .
Dutch Oven Fresh Pie - 2009-07-10
That was a pretty awesome move with the left turn spin .
He could 've dislocated his arm .
voodoo_pork - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10
He has no bones , just a gelatinous mass of digested Hot Pockets .
HURF BLURF DUH - 2010-01-26
- 2010-01 -26 Which is really ironic because he loved WALL*E
delicatessen - 2009-07-10
If he just shaved he would n't need the wheelchair anymore .
Rafiki - 2009-07-10
Once again , I would like to draw everyone 's attention to Harry Knowles ' Blade 2 review :
http://www.aintitcool.com/node/11793
Now that you know what he looks like , just keep a mental image of him in your mind as you read this .
mashedtater - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 FUCK YOU FOR LINKING THAT !
i dont need to read that and imagine that while drinking .
good god , i have to puke now .
mashedtater - 2009 - 07 -10 im sorry .
im sorry i yelled .
its just ... well i got to the " BLADE 2 is the tongue , mouth , fingers and lips of a lover .
The Audience is the clit .
Watch your audience . "
its like a paragraph in but its terrible .
allcaps - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 Ah screw you guys .
Blade 2 was awesome .
You 're just jealous because Knowles is 1000 % more INTERNET than you 'll eeeever be .
He 's so swollen with Internet that he needs a rag on a stick just to scrape it outta his holes .
allcaps - 2009-07-10
Okay , sorry ... I thought we were laughing at Blade 2 .
I read the link .
Now I understand .
Now ,
I understand .
Dutch Oven Fresh Pie - 2009-07-10
You 're supposed to imagine Guillermo del Toro doing that , but from the looks of his picture , he is very fat as well .
the Snake - 2009-07-10
Check out the comments section .
There is a comment dated 5 years after the review was written by Harry Knowles himself :
" Guillermo Del Toro 's Reapers were inspired by Guillermo 's vision of a Vagina Dentata - and the girl I was seeing at the time I saw this film ... that night - after the screening we had sex in her car behind the State Capital - and came home - Guillermo 's post film commentary on stage was utterly filthy - and she dared me to write a review filthier than his .
Before she went to bed with me that night - I ate her to a few orgasms - and she went to sleep behind me .
As she slept - I wrote this review .
I 'm so glad so many of you loved this review , or hated it enough to bring it up again .
My fiancee had n't read this till today - and boy did it inspire the fire .
Thanks buddies . "
Rafiki - 2009 -07-10 " after the screening we had sex in her car "
Was she driving a camper ?
Grace Mugabe - 2009 -07-10 " Guillermo Del Toro's Reapers were inspired by Guillermo 's vision of a Vagina Dentata - and the girl I was seeing at the time I saw this film . "
mashedtater - 2009-07-10 i think she was driving a truck with a horse trailer behind it .
Ponasty - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 Just to prove how Internet Knowles is .
I worked for Earthlink back in 99-00 and they ran an ad campaign that had posters and billboards of internet " icon " of the time and they had a Aint it cool with the beard on it .
these stars are not for the video but for the comment that led me to the Blade 2 review .
fuck all of you for that .
thebaronsdoctor - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 Well , that managed to taint every film Del Torro has ever made .
Thank you fatty McFatfatbeard .
I 'm going to go laugh until I puke .
mashedtater - 2009 -07 -11
" I ate her to a few orgasms "
yeah , that sentence is four words too long .
Camonk - 2009-08-16
- 2009-08 -16 All
I could think about while reading that review was how awful Blade II was .
That 's all that kept me sane .
Jesus fucking Christ .
StanleyPain - 2009-07-10
Another reminder , this is also the guy who wrote an article on his website about how HAWT the cheerleader character in Heroes is because since her power is healing , it means that she remains a virgin no matter how many times you fuck her .
Also , he was also one of the people Ebert " tried out " for at the movies before settling on Roeper .
That was a sad week .
duck&cover - 2009-07-10
I thought he was a scooter fatty , not a wheelchair fatty , because wheelchairs actually require you to exert yourself .
Anyway , fat , fat , fat .
sosage - 2009-07-10
His caricature makes him look ... skinnier ?!?!?
Joey The Cobra - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10
It also makes him look like he has a real beard , not the ultimate neckbeard .
Goethe and ernie - 2009-07-10
Five stars for the BBW personals ad at the top of the page .
zatojones - 2009-07-10
I used to read Ain't It Cool News back in the mid 90s when Knowles ran it as a hobby apart from his business of selling nerdy movie memorabilia at conventions .
As the site become more popular it was actually possible to see him fall in love with himself .
When he got all that attention from Joel Schumacher claiming his site was responsible for people not liking Batman & Robin his ego swelled greatly .
When he got to be in The Faculty it exploded .
He just could n't stop talking about all his new bestest Hollywood buddies like Elijah Wood and Robert Rodriguez ( then both pretty minor celebrities ) and how The Faculty was gonna be so wicked awesome ( it was n't ) .
I sort of stopped reading after that , although I 'm sort of curious if his peripheral and fleeting relationship with Wood continued to be mentioned after Lord of the Rings came out .
I can easily see him dropping that name on his cadre of nerds for some easy megacred .
Rodents of Unusual Size - 2009-07-10
I am literally crying from laughter from this .
ztc - 2009-07-10
According to the staff at the Alamo Drafthouse , during his 24 - hour film marathon Knowles just pissed in his chair all day instead of going to the bathroom .
boner - 2009-07-10
Legendary
BHWW - 2009-07-10
Still a disgusting mess after all these years .
Ugh , his skin .
chumbucket - 2009-07-10
all of the above comments get my 5 star but I also need to add that " best around " makes everything worth watching .
Caught myself belting it out to myself around the house the other day .
thebaronsdoctor - 2009-07-10
It 's like watching the Baron Harkonnen
zerobackup - 2009-08-08
- 2009-08-08 ... at least he could hover .
Hooper_X - 2009-07-10
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor .
That 's my dream .
That 's my nightmare .
Crawling , slithering , along the edge of a straight ... razor ... and surviving .
ASubmarineSandwich - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 Is that a reference to " What Is It ? "
Syd Midnight - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 " The hunger ... the hunger .. "
manfred - 2009-07-10
do n't make fun of him , he defeated joel schumacher
cognitivedissonance - 2009-07-10
Do n't be fooled .
He 's fully capable of self - locomotion .
He 's just THAT LAZY .
joelkazoo - 2009 -07 - 14
There was a kid at my school who suffered from cerebral palsy .
He was a green thumb ( he went to the state fair quite a few times for his tomato plants ) and required a speaking tool and was one of those people who just put you in a good mood .
When he was forced into a wheelchair ( he could walk , but it required an assistant with a special harness ) , he actively worked to keep his legs from going into entropy , and ultimately was able to get around on his own using a cane .
I imagine when he sees these fatsos plugging around in their chairs and scooters , he wishes he could punch them in the face .
Rudy - 2009-07-10
They should have used " Man in Motion " by John Parr .
joelkazoo - 2009-07-23
- 2009-07-23 I was saving my stars for something !
Great Idea !
Mordant - 2009-07-10
Is this where we share disgusting Harry Knowles anecdotes ?
During a talk at my college he claimed he had a phone conversation with some director while the director was fucking Fiona Apple .
As if anyone could maintain an erection while talking to Harry Knowles .
oswaldtheluckyrabbit - 2009-07-10
- 2009-07-10 That would be Paul Thomas Anderson of Boogie Nights / There Will Be Blood
cognitivedissonance - 2009-07-10
If ever there was a moment where Carol Channing 's " RASPBERRIES ! " would be appropriate , this anecdote would likely be it .
memedumpster - 2009-07-10
I had never heard of this person , but thank god I have now so I can never hear of them again .
Also , Blade 2 sucked out loud in a bad way , but the making of special feature on the DVD is a great movie .
Just consider the film the throwaway bonus feature on that one .
charmlessman - 2009-07-10
He gets all his exercise from the animated GIFs on his page .
Riskbreaker - 2009-07-11
I 'm actually not going to comment on the poor physycal shape this man has .
That would be unfair and of really bad taste .
His site ?
Fuck that shit , it sucks , it sucks so hard .
He 's the ultimate " film critic " film nerd parasite / stereotype that could would make the comic book guy from the Simpson reconsider his life .
Enjoy - 2009-07-13
Check out his photo on Wikipedia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Knowles
There is a hair - gap between his neckbeard and chest muff .
Cleaner82 - 2009-07-21
- 2009-07-21 UUUUUGHHH
Wytze ! - 2009-07-13
Commenting to be seen !
Best comments of the year !
ztc - 2009-07-27
When he was young his spine was damaged by a runaway cart full of movie memorabilia , which is a bit like how Magneto got started .
Document - 2009-08-27
Ebert likes him .
:(
Sanest Man Alive - 2009-12-20
Hey , if you tipped his chair over , would he make manatee noises ?
keinsignal - 2010-04-17
- 2010-04-17 I have it on pretty good authority that yes , that is exactly what happens .
Here is gut wrenching story regarding firefighting and the California Division of Forestry .
ANON writes
I work in the aircraft repair / parts industry in California and thought I 'd let you onto something .
Many vendors to the CDF ( California division of forestry ) air operations have outstanding bills going back to last year .
My company just put all California agencies on cash or credit card only .
Many others are refusing to sell to the CDF because of huge amount of unpaid and late bills .
We do n't even get Registered Warrants !
Mish , this is scary .
I know of one company that is doing repairs knowing they wo n't get paid just because they do not want to see fire fighting aircraft grounded !
Vendors must be given payment priority if the state wants to have any police and fire protection !
Meanwhile the state is still purchasing new cars !
Go figure .
Do n't put my name on this please .
Thank you for your good work .
Furlough Fridays Return
California 's fiscal woes are in sharp focus again today , as state offices close on the first of three " Furlough Fridays " this month , idling tens of thousands of state workers ; major banks stop redeeming state - issued IOUs at the close of business ; and state leaders appear no closer to resolving the $ 26.3 billion hole in the state spending plan .
IOUs For Sale
The SEC said Thursday the IOUs are investment securities and anyone who wants to buy or sell their notes should go through registered dealers .
This could make it safer .
Furlough Fridays Return
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ordered most state employees to take two furlough days a month starting in February .
He has since ordered a third furlough day per month , which starts today .
The three days amount to a 14.2 percent pay cut for state workers .
The governor also has proposed a 5 percent pay cut on top of the furloughs .
Legislative Democrats are unlikely to go along with the cut , but the governor could conceivably achieve the same savings by ordering a fourth furlough day .
How many state workers are actually being furloughed ?
Of the 235,000 under the governor 's control , about 210,000 are being furloughed .
Something To Think About
Children notice more than we may think .
They take note when you grimace while getting the mail , when you turn down their special requests at the grocery store , and when the holidays look a little less festive .
While they may not understand why things are changing , they will most certainly notice the changes to your stress level and your family ’s lifestyle , which can leave them feeling frightened and confused .
Bankruptcy can be difficult and stressful for the entire family , including children .
Although your children may not understand financial matters , it ’s your job as a parent to help them understand what ’s happening and why .
Bankruptcy is n’t an easy topic to broach to children , but there are a few ways that you can help better explain it to them .
Here are a few main ideas that you should convey to your children about the situation :
Tell Them What Happened –
The bankruptcy process can be complicated , but children can understand the general idea of what ’s happening .
Tell them that sometimes adults can’t pay everything they owe and that bankruptcy is a natural way to help get rid of that debt .
Make sure they know that bankruptcy does n’t always mean that someone acted irresponsibly .
Depending on how old your children are , you can make this time in your family ’s life a teachable moment so they may avoid making the same mistakes in the future .
Use Easily Understandable Words – Many adults have trouble grappling with the bankruptcy process without help .
When you explain bankruptcy to your children , try to use words that they know and understand to help convey the right message .
You can try explaining the basic idea of debts , assets , and borrowed money to your children without going into too much detail .
Tell Them What This Bankruptcy Means for Your Family – Many facets of your lifestyle will probably have to change during and after filing for bankruptcy .
Maybe you ’ll need to cut the cable or buy off - brand food at the store .
Without preparation , it may be hard for children to accept these types of changes .
Let your children know why you ’re taking these steps and why they are so important for your family .
Tell them that whenever they choose to spend less money , they are being responsible and are helping the family .
Do n’t Place Blame on Anyone – Children may perceive that your filing for bankruptcy is somehow their fault .
Assure them that it is n’t anyone ’s fault , especially theirs .
If you need help getting this message through to them , your bankruptcy lawyer can help you break the situation down so they can comprehend the factors that contributed to this important decision .
Give
Them a Bright Future – Many people who file for bankruptcy overcome and rebuild the lives they had before declaring bankruptcy .
Tell your children that they do n’t need to feel discouraged and that the process does n’t last forever .
It ’s only a temporary step to help get your family back on track .
When you find that filing for bankruptcy is the step that makes the most sense , call on The Bankruptcy Advocates .
We provide reliable legal assistance to help you get through bankruptcy successfully .
Call us today at ( 618 ) 549-9800 for your free
WASHINGTON
–Some positive news from the honey bee world is being released .
The number of honey bee colony losses has decreased across the country but it does n’t mean that commercial bee keeping is in any less trouble financially .
Bee survey
According to a survey conducted by the Apiary Inspectors of America ( AIA ) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture , honey bee colony losses were approximately 29 percent from all causes from September 2008 to April 2009 ,
This is less than the overall losses of about 36 percent from 2007 to 2008 , and about 32 percent from 2006 to 2007 , that have been reported in similar surveys .
“ While the drop in losses is encouraging , losses of this magnitude are economically unsustainable for commercial beekeeping , ” said Jeff Pettis , research leader of the Agricultural Research Service Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville , Md. ARS is USDA ’s principal intramural scientific research agency .
The survey was conducted by Pettis ; Dennis vanEngelsdorp , president of AIA ; and Jerry Hayes , AIA past president .
About 26 percent of apiaries surveyed reported that some of their colonies died of colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) , down from 36 percent of apiaries in 2007 - 2008 .
Colony collapse disorder
CCD is characterized by the sudden , complete absence of honey bees in a colony .
The cause of CCD is still unknown .
As this was an interview - based survey , it is not possible to differentiate between verifiable cases of CCD and colonies lost as the result of other causes that share the “ absence of dead bees ” as a symptom .
However , among beekeepers that reported any colonies collapsing without the presence of dead bees , each lost an average of 32 percent of their colonies in 2008 - 2009 , while apiaries that did not lose any bees with symptoms of CCD each lost an average of 26 percent of their colonies .
Research program
To strengthen the beekeeping industry , ARS recently began a five - year area wide research program to improve honey bee health , survivorship and pollination .
Honey bee pollination is critical to agriculture , adding more than $ 15 billion to the value of American crops each year .
The survey checked on about 20 percent of the country ’s 2.3 million colonies .
A complete analysis of the survey data will be published later this year .
A portion of the data is available on line at : http://maarec.cas.psu.edu/pdfs/PrelimLosses2009.pdf.
Advertisements
While being interviewed by ABC News ’ Jake Tapper , potential 2012 GOP presidential candidate Gov. Mark Sanford ( R - SC ) admitted that Cheney and Limbaugh ’s leadership probably is n’t good for the Republican Party .
He said that Limbaugh is one of those leaders , “ who have had more than their share of time at a front - row seat . ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
When asked if Cheney ’s upfront role was good for the GOP , Sanford said , “ Probably is n’t … Everybody needs a rest from any of us in the world of politics .
It ’s why I am such a proponent of term limits .
For a republic really to work it means you are going to have new life , new perspective , and new ideas coming into that political body on a regular basis .
You know , while somebody may have been at the top at one point , to really keep an invigorated political system , you ’ve got to have new voices stepping in and stepping to the plate and giving their opinions .
And any time you have some of the senior leaders continuing to lay out their case for what they believe ; it probably usurps the voice of new leaders coming in . ”
On Limbaugh , Sanford said , “ It is the same deal here .
The beauty of America is everybody gets to say their peace .
While everybody is entitled to say their peace , I think there is a certain value to some of the folks who have had more than their share of time at front row seat of the table of what comes next in the conservative movement or the Republican Party to defer , to allow other folks coming up through the ranks to give their perspectives …
I think all of us need to give everybody a little bit more elbow room with regard to making our voice heard .
That means if you got a disproportionate microphone , you might want to share it . ”
What Sanford is really saying is , “ Get out of the way old men .
It is our time now .
You are holding the party back by not letting go of the spotlight and letting people like me have a chance . ”
The basic point that Sanford is making is correct .
The GOP will never rebuild if the old blood does n’t get out of the way .
However , he is making this point for the purpose of clearing the way for his 2012 presidential run .
Sanford has already had a run in with Rush Limbaugh for calling Rush an idiot for saying that he wants Obama to fail .
Sanford told Real Clear Politics , “ I do n’t want him to fail .
Anybody who wants him to fail is an idiot , because it means we ’re all in trouble . ”
Limbaugh let Sanford off the hook on that one , but I have a feeling that a response will be coming if Sanford keeps it up .
After playing his hand all wrong on the stimulus package , Sanford is a long shot for the GOP nomination in 2012 , but he is making it clear that he is going to try to muscle his way into the spotlight .
16 Things I Wish They Had Taught Me in School
I am 28 now .
I do n't think about the past or regret things much these days .
But sometimes I wish that I had known some of things I have learned over the last few years a bit earlier .
That perhaps there had been a self - improvement class in school .
And in some ways there probably was .
Because some of these 16 things in this article a teacher probably spoke about in class .
But I forgot about them or did n't pay attention .
Some of it would probably not have stuck in my mind anyway .
Or just been too far outside my reality at the time for me to accept and use .
But I still think that taking a few hours from all those German language classes and use them for some personal development classes would have been a good idea .
Perhaps for just an hour a week in high school .
It would probably be useful for many students and on a larger scale quite helpful for society in general .
So here are 16 things I wish they had taught me in school ( or I just would like to have known about earlier ) .
Bonus : Download the free 21 Things I Wish They Had Taught Me in School Guide ( including 5 bonus tips and strategies that are not in this post ) .
1 . The 80/20 rule .
This is one of the best ways to make better use of your time .
The 80/20 rule – also known as The Pareto Principle – basically says that 80 percent of the value you will receive will come from 20 percent of your activities .
So a lot of what you do is probably not as useful or even necessary to do as you may think .
You can just drop – or vastly decrease the time you spend on – a whole bunch of things .
And if you do that you will have more time and energy to spend on those things that really brings your value , happiness , fulfilment and so on .
2. Parkinson's Law .
You can do things quicker than you think .
This law says that a task will expand in time and seeming complexity depending on the time you set aside for it .
For instance , if you say to yourself that you 'll come up with a solution within a week then the problem will seem to grow more difficult and you 'll spend more and more time trying to come up with a solution .
So focus your time on finding solutions .
Then just give yourself an hour ( instead of the whole day ) or the day ( instead of the whole week ) to solve the problem .
This will force your mind to focus on solutions and action .
The result may not be exactly as perfect as if you had spent a week on the task , but as mentioned in the previous point , 80 percent of the value will come from 20 percent of the activities anyway .
Or you may wind up with a better result because you have n't overcomplicated or overpolished things .
This will help you to get things done faster , to improve your ability to focus and give you more free time where you can totally focus on what 's in front of you instead of having some looming task creating stress in the back of your mind .
3. Batching .
Boring or routine tasks can create a lot of procrastination and low - level anxiety .
One good way to get these things done quickly is to batch them .
This means that you do them all in row .
You will be able to do them quicker because there is less start - up time compared to if you spread them out .
And when you are batching you become fully engaged in the tasks and more focused .
A batch of things to do in an hour today may look like this : Clean your desk / answer today 's emails / do the dishes / make three calls / write a grocery shopping list for tomorrow .
4. First , give value .
Then , get value .
Not the other way around .
This is a bit of a counter - intuitive thing .
There is often an idea that someone should give us something or do something for us before we give back .
The problem is just that a lot of people think that way .
And so far less than possible is given either way .
If you want to increase the value you receive ( money , love , kindness , opportunities , a bigger audience for what you create etc. ) you have to increase the value you give .
Because over time you pretty much get what you give .
It would perhaps be nice to get something for nothing .
But that seldom happens .
5 . Be proactive .
Not reactive .
This one ties into the last point .
If everyone is reactive then very little will get done .
You could sit and wait and hope for someone else to do something .
And that happens pretty often , but it can take a lot of time before it happens .
A more useful and beneficial way is to be proactive , to simply to stop being lazy and be the one to take the first practical action and get the ball rolling .
This not only saves you a lot of waiting , but is also more pleasurable since you feel like you have the power over your life .
Instead of feeling like you are run by a bunch of random outside forces .
6. Mistakes and failures are good .
When you are young you just try things and fail until you learn .
As you grow a bit older , you learn from – for example – school to not make mistakes .
And you try less and less things .
This may cause you to stop being proactive and to fall into a habit of being reactive , of waiting for someone else to do something .
I mean , what if you actually tried something and failed ?
Perhaps people would laugh at you ?
Perhaps they would .
But when you experience that you soon realize that it is seldom the end of the world .
And a lot of the time people do n't care that much .
They have their own challenges and lives to worry about .
And success in life often comes from not giving up despite mistakes and failure .
It comes from being persistent .
When you first learn to ride your bike you may fall over and over .
Bruise a knee and cry a bit .
But you get up , brush yourself off and get on the saddle again .
And eventually you learn how to ride a bike .
If you can just reconnect to your 5 year old self and do things that way – instead of giving up after a try / failure or two as grown - ups often do - you would probably experience a lot more interesting things , learn valuable lessons and have quite a bit more success .
7 . Do n't beat yourself up .
Why do people give up after just few mistakes or failures ?
Well , I think one big reason is because they beat themselves up way too much .
But it 's a kinda pointless habit .
It only creates additional and unnecessary pain inside you and wastes your precious time .
It 's best to try to drop this habit as much as you can .
8. Assume rapport .
Meeting new people is fun .
But it can also induce nervousness .
We all want to make a good first impression and not get stuck in an awkward conversation .
The best way to do this that I have found so far is to assume rapport .
This means that you simply pretend that you are meeting one of your best friends .
Then you start the interaction in that frame of mind instead of the nervous one .
This works surprisingly well .
9 . Use your reticular activation system to your advantage .
I learned about the organs and the inner workings of the body in class but nobody told me about the reticular activation system .
And that 's a shame , because this is one of the most powerful things you can learn about .
What this focus system , this R.A.S , in your mind does is to allow you to see in your surroundings what you focus your thoughts on .
It pretty much always helps you to find what you are looking for .
So you really need to focus on what you want , not on what you do n't want .
And keep that focus steady .
Setting goals and reviewing them frequently is one way to keep your focus on what 's important and to help you take action that will move your closer to toward where you want to go .
Another way is just to use external reminders such as pieces of paper where you can , for instance , write down a few things from this post like “ Give value ” or “ Assume rapport ” .
And then you can put those pieces of paper on your fridge , bathroom mirror etc .
10 .
Your attitude changes your reality .
We have all heard that you should keep a positive attitude or perhaps that “ you need to change your attitude ! ” .
That is a nice piece of advice I suppose , but without any more reasons to do it is very easy to just brush such suggestions off and continue using your old attitude .
But the thing that I 've discovered the last few years is that if you change your attitude , you actually change your reality .
When you for instance use a positive attitude instead of a negative one you start to see things and viewpoints that were invisible to you before .
You may think to yourself “ why have n't I thought about things this way before ? ” .
When you change your attitude you change what you focus on .
And all things in your world can now be seen in a different light .
This is of course very similar to the previous tip but I wanted to give this one some space .
Because changing your attitude can create an insane change in your world .
It might not look like it if you just think about it though .
Pessimism might seem like realism .
But that is mostly because your R.A.S is tuned into seeing all the negative things you want to see .
And that makes you “ right ”  a lot of the time .
And perhaps that is what you want .
On the other hand , there are more fun things than being right all the time .
If you try changing your attitude for real – instead of analyzing such a concept in your mind – you 'll be surprised .
11 . Gratitude is a simple way to make yourself feel happy .
Sure , I was probably told that I should be grateful .
Perhaps because it was the right thing to do or just something I should do .
But if someone had said that feeling grateful about things for minute or two is a great way to turn a negative mood into a happy one I would probably have practiced gratitude more .
It is also a good tool for keeping your attitude up and focusing on the right things .
And to make other people happy .
Which tends to make you even happier , since emotions are contagious .
12 . Do n't compare yourself to others .
The ego wants to compare .
It wants to find reasons for you to feel good about yourself ( “ I 've got a new bike ! ” ) .
But by doing that it also becomes very hard to not compare yourself to others who have more than you ( “ Oh no , Bill has bought an even nicer bike ! ” ) .
And so you do n't feel so good about yourself once again .
If you compare yourself to others you let the world around control how you feel about yourself .
It always becomes a roller coaster of emotions .
A more useful way is to compare yourself to yourself .
To look at how far you have come , what you have accomplished and how you have grown .
It may not sound like that much fun but in the long run it brings a lot more inner stillness , personal power and positive feelings .
13 . 80 - 90 % of what you fear will happen never really come into reality .
This is a big one .
Most things you fear will happen never happen .
They are just monsters in your own mind .
And if they happen then they will most often not be as painful or bad as you expected .
Worrying is most often just a waste of time .
This is of course easy to say .
But if you remind yourself of how little of what you feared throughout your life that has actually happened you can stop worrying more and more .
14 . Do n't take things too seriously .
It 's very easy to get wrapped up in things .
But most of the things you worry about never come into reality .
And what may seem like a big problem right now you may not even remember in three years .
Taking yourself , your thoughts and your emotions too seriously often just seems to lead to more unnecessary suffering .
So relax a little more and lighten up a bit .
It can do wonders for your mood and as an extension of that ; your life .
15 . Write everything down .
If your memory is anything like mine then it 's like a leaking bucket .
Many of your good or great ideas may be lost forever if you do n't make a habit of writing things down .
This is also a good way to keep your focus on what you want .
16 .
There are opportunities in just about every experience .
In pretty much any experience there are always things that you can learn from it and things within the experience that can help you to grow .
Negative experiences , mistakes and failure can sometimes be even better than a success because it teaches you something totally new , something that another success could never teach you .
Whenever you have a negative experience  ask yourself : where is the opportunity in this ?
What is good about this situation ?
One negative experience can – with time – help you create many very positive experiences .
Here ’s the next step …
Now , you may think to yourself :
“ This is really helpful information .
But what ’s the easiest way to put this into practice and actually make a real change in my life ? ” .
Well , I ’ve got something special for you …
A free guide that includes all the habits and strategies in this article … plus 5 additional bonus tips .
Download it now by entering your email below .
Description :
Introduction to Ethical Hacking , Penetration Testing and Countermeasures
This is the video of the presentation titled " " given by Terry Cutler at Novell Brainshare .
Terry Cutler is a Certified Ethical Hacker , Master CNE , Certified Linux Professional and an internationally known Author , Trainer , Speaker , and professional security consultant with Novell Canada .
He is an expert in the fields of Novell Technologies , Penetration Testing , and Internet Safety for Children .
He specializes in the anticipation , recognition , and prevention of security breaches .
He consults with several of the largest agencies in Canada on how to implement our products and reduce risk .
He is working on adding Computer Hacking and Forensic Investigator ( CHFI ) and CISSP to his list of certifications , with a goal to contribute security solutions .
During his Ethical Hacker training , Terry got the distinct privilege to train with the C.I.A , F.B.I , Navy Seals and Lockheed Martin .
You can visit Terry 's website for more videos and presentations .
Now we do n't have to call her " Crazy Georgetown Birther Lady " we can call her " Crazy Eileen , " and , oh yeah , she 's from Delaware .
She 's apparently even too crazy for WGMD ( local conservative talk radio station ) :
Little is known about the woman who triggered the recent firestorm .
Gaffney , the WGMD morning host , said she is believed to be from the Millsboro area .
According to another WGMD host , Jared Morris , she has been banned from calling the station -- known for its conservative leanings and hosts -- on several occasions .
Morris has gone so far to put up YouTube video about the woman , who was a regular caller to his show .
Her calls start around 2 minutes into the clip .
The article also discusses how Republicans are having a difficult time laughing away the birthers and how mainstream Republicans are getting concerned about it .
This is the bed Republicans have made for themselves and the fact that Republican officeholders can't find the courage to criticize some of their biggest media stars like Limbaugh , Hannity and Dobbs .
Republicans , it 's up to you .
Only you can quell the birthers and you do it by telling them that they have no case and that it 's been settled .
Then you have to repudiate the ones who can't let it go .
That 's what Democrats did with the 9/11 Truthers .
Where did this myth come from ?
When was humanity supposed to end ?
Did Malthus really say to kill off the poor ?
Yep .
In his Essay on the Principle of Population , Malthus calls for increased mortality among the poor :
All the children born , beyond what would be required to keep up the population to this level , must necessarily perish , unless room be made for them by the deaths of grown persons …
To act consistently therefore , we should facilitate , instead of foolishly and vainly endeavoring to impede , the operations of nature in producing this mortality ; and if we dread the too frequent visitation of the horrid form of famine , we should sedulously encourage the other forms of destruction , which we compel nature to use .
Instead of recommending cleanliness to the poor , we should encourage contrary habits .
In our towns we should make the streets narrower , crowd more people into the houses , and court the return of the plague .
In the country , we should build our villages near stagnant pools , and particularly encourage settlements in all marshy and unwholesome situations .
( Book IV , Chap . V ) — Read it online .
Malthus thought doctors should n’t cure diseases ?
“ But above all , we should reprobate specific remedies for ravaging diseases ; and those benevolent , but much mistaken men , who have thought they were doing a service to mankind by projecting schemes for the total extirpation of particular disorders .
( Book IV , Chap . V ) — Read it online . ”
Did Paul Ehrlich really say that famines would devastate humanity in the 1970s ?
Yep .
In his 1968 work The Population Bomb , Ehrlich stated :
“ The battle to feed all of humanity is over .
In the 1970s the world will undergo famines–hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now . ”
What ’s the UNFPA ?
How do they profit from fear ?
The United Nations Fund for Population Activities ( UNFPA ) was founded in 1969 , the year after Ehrlich published The Population Bomb .
They have been involved in programs with governments around the world who deny their women the right to choose the number and spacing of their children .
Their complicit work with the infamous “ one - child policy ” mandated by the government of the People ’s Republic of China , uncovered by an investigation of the U.S. State Department in 2001 , led the United States to pull its funding .
The wealthy of the West , in their terror of poverty , have given copiously to the UNFPA and its population control programs .
Visit Population Research Institute for more info .
No way everyone could fit in Texas …
According to the U.N. Population Database , the world ’s population in 2010 will be 6,908,688,000 .
The landmass of Texas is 268,820 sq mi ( 7,494,271,488,000 sq ft ) .
So , divide 7,494,271,488,000 sq ft by 6,908,688,000 people , and you get 1084.76 sq ft/ person .
That ’s approximately a 33 ′ x 33 ′ plot of land for every person on the planet , enough space for a town house .
Given an average four person family , every family would have a 66 ′ x 66 ′ plot of land , which would comfortably provide a single family home and yard — and all of them fit on a landmass the size of Texas .
Admittedly , it ’d basically be one massive subdivision , but Texas is a tiny portion of the inhabitable Earth .
Such an arrangement would leave the entire rest of the world vacant .
There ’s plenty of space for humanity .
Where are you getting these numbers ?
U.N. Population Database .
While they provide Low , Medium , and High Variants , the Low Variant is the one that keeps coming true , so the Low variant numbers are the ones used in this video .
Check their online database .
The world ’s population will peak in 30 years ?
Prove it .
According to the U.N. Population Database , using the historically accurate low variant projection , the Earth ’s population will only add another billion people or so over the next thirty years , peaking around 8.02 billion people in the year 2040 , and then it will begin to decline .
Check their online database .
Nuevas generaciones de capos , los interesados en infiltrarse
[ email protected ]
Grupos del narcotráfico de Colombia aseguran que dinero “ caliente ” de narcotraficantes de México está en los equipos del futbol mexicano , afirma en entrevista Fernando Rodríguez Mondragón , hijo de Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela y sobrino de Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela , líderes del cártel de Cali .
“ Es de conocimiento en Colombia que hay narcotraficantes ( de México ) que están lavando dinero por intermedio de los equipos , están comprando jugadores con transacciones oscuras donde hay cuentas en Bahamas , en los paraísos fiscales y por ahí están lavando el dinero , dicen que realmente cuesta 2 millones de dólares , y dicen que cuesta 20 y con eso lavan 18 millones de dólares fácilmente ” , dice .
En entrevista telefónica con EL UNIVERSAL , Fernando Rodríguez Mondragón habla desde Colombia sobre el narcotráfico y los equipos de futbol de México y esa nación sudamericana , basado en la experiencia de su familia en el cártel del Cali el cual compró equipos de Primera y Segunda División de futbol colombianos en los años 80 y 90 , pero cuya injerencia estaba vigente hasta febrero del 2009 .
El 25 de febrero pasado , los hermanos de Fernando Rodríguez Mondragón fueron detenidos por autoridades de Colombia y agentes de la Agencia Antidrogas de Estados Unidos ( DEA , por sus siglas en inglés ) acusados de narcotráfico y testaferros al ser aún los propietarios de 52 % de las acciones del equipo América de Cali , escuadra que se suponía fue decomisada a Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela en los 90 .
Fernando Rodríguez es ahora el único de los hijos de Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela que está libre y a través de dos libros titulados
El hijo del ajedrecista , como se le conocía a su padre , ha tratado de develar los secretos del cártel de Cali ; del futbol mexicano habla en la entrevista .
“ Los narcotraficantes mexicanos pocos de ellos se han metido con equipos de futbol , pero hay ahora de los nuevos narcotraficantes , ciertos hinchas ( aficionados ) de equipos como los que han llevado a jugadores colombianos al exterior , que dineros calientes del narcotráfico están en ciertos equipos ” , señala .
Precisa , “ el Cruz Azul , han dicho que el Cruz Azul ; que el América de México son los dos equipos que aquí en Colombia , y a nivel de los narcotraficantes , se habla de que lavan dinero con el equipo , que hay dinero del narcotráfico en ellos ” .
Rodríguez detalla que los implicados en el futbol mexicano son los cárteles “ exactamente de México .
Sé que pasó con ( Claudio ) el Piojo López , el argentino , sobre todo los argentinos que se prestan para estas cosas ” .
El jugador al que hace referencia formó parte del América de México .
Sin embargo , Fernando Rodríguez indica que no tiene conocimiento de que el cártel de Cali haya invertido en equipos mexicanos durante las décadas de los 80 y 90 , o que árbitros o jugadores de México estén siendo sobornados o amenazados por el narcotráfico como ocurre en Colombia .
El caso Colombia
De hecho , explica , el cártel de Cali se caracterizó por sobornar a los árbitros para obtener resultados en favor del equipo de futbol América de Cali el cual fue adquirido por su tío Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela en 1979 tras lo cual compró además jugadores como Aurelio José Pascuttini , Ricardo Gareca , Roberto Cabañas , Pedro Sarmiento , Hernan Darío Herrera , Julio César Falcioni entre otros .
“ Entonces conformó un equipo casi invencible que se paseó por todos los estadios de Colombia no solamente con sus grandes jugadores , sino con el dinero que había producto del narco , el cual también influyó en ciertos resultados cuando empezaron a pagarles a los árbitros dinero para que favorecieran al equipo ” , comentó .
El América de Cali obtuvo muchos campeonatos , pero siempre bajo el esquema del soborno ya que con los contactos que el cártel de Cali tenía en la Federación Colombiana de Futbol cada lunes se sabía quien sería el árbitro del siguiente partido y se le enviaba un emisario con dinero .
La regla del cártel de Cali , explica , era atender a los árbitros pagándoles el hospedaje en el Intercontinental de Cali y darles regalos .
“ Sé que en el partido América de México - América de Cali se invitaron a estos árbitros a un restaurante y se les atendió , se les dio todo el trago que quisieron y quedaron muy contentos ” .
Cuando Joao
Havelange fue nombrado titular de la Federación de Futbol “ fue diferente porque este señor dijo que América ( de Cali ) nunca iba a quedar campeón mientras él fuera el presidente de la Confederación , este Joao Havelange , que porque el América era de un grupo de narcotraficantes y él sí lo dijo abiertamente a la opinión pública ” .
Pero el América de Cali no era el único , el cártel de Medellín de Pablo Escobar Gaviria era dueño del Atlético Nacional y su operador Gonzálo Rodríguez Gacha El Mexicano fue dueño del equipo Millonarios y este cártel se caracterizó por amenazar a árbitros y jugadores para que sus equipos ganarán , incluyendo en la Copa Libertadores .
Además , señala , hay de paramilitares de Colombia que fueron extraditados a Estados Unidos , “ en varios computadores de estos jefes paramilitares aparecieron equipos ( de futbol ) que eran manejados por ellos ” .
Con una nueva vida tras salir de la cárcel en 2005 sin propiedades porque el gobierno aplicó la ley de extinción de dominio , y alejado de las grandes ciudades Rodríguez Mondragón ahora pretende que los jóvenes se alejen del narcotráfico .
The Triumph of Fear in Russia Growing Attacks Stymie Work of Human Rights Activists
Russia 's new president is trying to show the world a more liberal face , but the body count of murdered human rights activists keeps rising .
Being a political critic in Russia is getting more dangerous by the day , and now one prominent human rights organization in Chechnya has decided to close its office .
Von Ann - Dorit Boy
Spending millions of dollars for bicycle bridges is great , but here ’s what would really lure people to leave their cars at home and bike to work :
A shower .
A place to peel off your sweaty gear , grab a bar of soap , rinse off the grime from a long bike ride — and avoid making your co-workers hold their noses and wish you were in a cubicle far , far away .
“ Showers are absolutely at the top of the list ” of bicycle commuters ’ needs , said Jake Olsen , who bikes 12 miles a day to his job as a process engineer manager at Apieron , a medical - device startup in Menlo Park .
“ We have only one rather bedraggled shower and only two lockers for almost 35 men . ”
Thursday is the 15th annual Bike to Work Day , an event for which thousands pedal to their jobs .
More than 300,000 bicycle trips are made every weekday by Bay Area residents , and 81,000 are commute trips .
For an increasing number , bicycling has become a daily ritual .
But for many , Bike to Work Day is a one - day fun ride , then it ’s back into the car the next day .
In a Roadshow survey of cyclists ’ biggest needs , showers were by far the No. 1 suggestion , followed by a safe place to store bikes and an alternative way home in case of emergency .
Amy King of San Jose used to bike to work when she taught elementary school in Marin County .
She would shower before taking off in the morning , then reach for a box of baby wipes and some antiperspirant after arriving at school .
That , she hopes , got the job done .
“ No one , ” she claims , “ ever complained of me being stinky .
At least not to my face . ”
The Silicon Valley Bicycle Coalition says secure bicycle storage , showers and on - site bicycle maintenance materials and facilities rank 1 - 2 - 3 on its priority list .
“ It is really the little things that make all the difference , ” said Sean Co , a planner with the Metropolitan Transportation Commission .
“ Lack of parking can be a huge detriment to bringing your bike to work .
Bike theft is unfortunately common and people do n’t want their bike stolen . ”
He has that right , said John Walker , who bicycles 18 miles from Curtner Avenue in San Jose to Google in Mountain View .
“ Nobody is going to commute by bike if they feel their bike may not be around at the end of the day , ” said Walker , 44 , a software engineer .
“ When I commute , my bike lives in a wide hallway near my desk .
Lots of bikes at Google live in unoccupied cubicles or under stairways . ”
A growing number of companies and cities are adopting bike - friendly policies .
Since 2001 , San Jose has required large new commercial development to include showers in building plans .
Ditto San Francisco , Berkeley , Oakland , Alameda and San Leandro .
Sunnyvale insists on one secured bicycle parking space for every four units in housing developments .
Cupertino , Santa Clara and Campbell all urge developers to add showers and bike storage .
And , as of Jan. 1 , bicyclists nationwide can receive up to $ 20 a month in pretax dollars from their employers if they commute primarily by bike and do n’t accept any other transit benefits .
Almost all bicyclists say a relaxed attitude by their employer is a big plus .
San Jose City Councilman Sam Liccardo says companies that allow employees to “ dress down ” boost bicycling .
And Norm Picker of East Palo
Alto says bosses who avoid late afternoon meetings in the winter help bicyclists avoid commuting in the dark .
Olsen is just thankful his startup has one shower , even if it needs more .
He is one of the few who bikes to work at his company and usually gets first dibs at cleaning up .
“ It would be gamy indeed if we have four or five guys biking in , ” he said .
“ You ’d probably have some stinky clothes lying around the cube . ”
Is a place to shower enough to get you out of your car and onto a bike ?
Let Gary Richards know at mrroadshow@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5335 .
Watch the opening five minutes of the film version of Alan Moore 's dystopian comic book .
Plus , director Zack Snyder fights back at his critics and reveals how he almost cast Brad Pitt .
Watchmen is out on DVD and Blu-ray on 27 July
It could have been so very different : Christian Bale as Dr Manhattan , the cyan superman of the Watchmen universe , Brad Pitt , perhaps , as Nite Owl , the liberal face of masked vigilantism .
Who knows ?
Perhaps Angelina Jolie could have portrayed the slinky yet vulnerable Silk Spectre .
Tom Cruise , in Collateral - style sociopath mode , might have made a passable Rorschach .
Zack Snyder is talking about an early conception of Watchmen , his adaptation of the seminal Alan Moore graphic novel , in which the various characters were to have been played by A - list Hollywoodlanders .
The idea was to use the celebrity status of the actors to mirror the obsessive public scrutiny experienced by Watchmen 's " masks " , who exist in an alternate 1985 in which superheroes - of a sort - have been walking the streets for the past half century .
" It 's funny because early on we talked about doing a bigger , more sort of Ocean 's Eleven style cast , " says Snyder , on the phone from LA .
" But the problem was that , as I was working on that concept , it was all about the irony of casting a movie like that , with big stars , so that the casting kind of commented on their roles .
" The truth is that it 's a difficult thing for actors to be that self aware .
I think in the end it 's a perfect cast because they are those characters .
I 'm not sure it would have worked with , you know , Brad Pitt in the Nite Owl suit , or whatever .
When you have people on screen that the audience does n't know so well , the characters have their own identity : it becomes its own thing . "
Snyder at the Berlin premiere of Watchmen .
Photograph : Johannes Simon / Getty Images
And that 's also what 's noticeable about Snyder 's version of Watchmen , out on DVD in the UK next week .
It too has its own identity , one which transcends its roots in Moore 's original comic book .
From the glorious , hyperreal montage that comprises the opening scene – as Bob Dylan 's Times They Are A - Changin ' serenades 50 years of alternative US history where masked vigilantes have changed the course of the 20th century – to the climactic denouement , rather different to Moore 's ( pretty bonkers ) ending , the film is resolutely Snyder 's own .
Just as the original graphic novel represented a sea-change in comic book sensibilities , Snyder 's film bears little resemblance to any other comic book adaptation of recent times .
That may have been its downfall with the critics , who were not always kind , and it certainly did n't help the movie's box office , which failed to meet expectations of a giant , Dark Knight - style haul .
Yet few could criticise Watchmen as the sort of hack job expected from a former commercials director with only two previous features under his belt ( a remake of zombie classic Dawn of the Dead , and another comic book adaption , the notoriously gory 300 ) .
A significant minority labelled the movie a flawed work of genius .
" The thing I find fascinating about the whole way Watchmen was received is that 10 % or less of the critics seemed to have actually read the graphic novel , " laughs Snyder .
" I feel like a lot of them just went to Wikipedia .
Because it really is not a movie , in a traditional sense .
And if you try to analyse it in those terms – and not in terms of its relationship to pop culture – then you kind of miss the point .
" It 's a two - and - a - half hour R - rated movie , and there 's no precedent for that type of film becoming a huge blockbuster .
What 's popular about The Dark Knight is that it's a superhero movie at its core .
When Batman puts on his costume , that 's badass : ' Yeah Batman , go kick some ass ' .
Watchmen is an entirely different experience : it punishes the audience .
It says : " Oh you like the Comedian ?
Oh , he 's a rapist , by the way . "
From an intellectual standpoint that 's fun to do , but its offputting if you 're there to enjoy a movie that 's supposed to be a superhero movie .
" At the same time , I really wanted it to be marketed that way .
I wanted people to think it 's going to be a standard superhero movie , and then they 're confronted by all these ideas .
Because that 's what the graphic novel did to me when I read it .
Someone said to me : ' Hey you have to check out Watchmen , it 's really cool . '
And I read it , and I remember thinking : ' OK , this is going to be a cool graphic novel , with superheroes . '
And then half way through - well less than half way - I found myself thinking : ' What 's this ?
What 's happening here ? '
And that was a cool experience for me , especially where I was in my graphic novel education .
So I tried to bring that into the movie as much as I could . "
Watchmen Photograph : PR
One area in which the film version surpasses the occasionally twee source material is in its all out action sequences , which are unrelentingly mucky and mesmeric , but surprisingly classy in their realisation .
Snyder 's trademark slo -mo blends in nicely and there are no obvious , cringeworthy moments reminiscent of the classic " This is Sparta " sequence in 300 .
Along with the film - maker 's bloodthirstiness , it 's an aspect of his work that has seen Snyder criticised in some quarters .
Is that something that bothers him ?
" I was n't just going : ' Oh we need more slo - mo here , ' " he laughs .
" I do n't have a sign or anything : ' More slo -mo ! '
I actually really restrained myself this time .
" It 's a little bit of grease - it kind of smooths everything out and makes everything look a little more graceful , " he adds .
" The fun thing about Watchmen was to try and make those things that I love part of the movie , to make those techniques comment rather than just exist on their own as a cool device .
I hope that 's what I did , because I felt like I was objective . "
One thing Snyder can be justly proud of is the performances he drew from the cast of Watchmen .
Yet the director is happy to admit that the likes of Jackie Earle Haley , whose take on the morally absolute Rorschach brought him huge acclaim , and Billy Crudrup ( Dr Manhattan ) , were so well - prepared , they did not require significant direction .
Watchmen Photograph : Photo courtesy of Warner Bros. Pictures ./PR
" I think Jackie did an amazing job , " says Snyder .
" I can't imagine anyone else being Rorschach .
He cared so deeply about the part and about the character , that once he and I had had conversations about what he wanted to do , I was confident .
It was kind of a case of that was taken care of .
He 's a very challenging actor in the sense that he wants everything to be perfect .
In a movie you have a number of takes and a schedule , but you often want one extra take .
And then he would nail it . "
I suggest that Crudrup 's task , to inject life into the omnipotent Dr Manhattan despite the character being realised entirely via motion capture techniques , must have been particularly tough .
" With Billy I knew he was an amazing actor , but he really gave the animators everything they needed , " says Snyder .
" They looked at his performance and just duplicated it .
And it was awesome .
Dr Manhattan is probably my favourite character , so it was difficult that it was a labour of love .
You make your whole movie and then that performance is only revealed at the end of the process .
I knew Billy had done it , but it was a case of : if they can get Billy in the movie then it 's going to be awesome . "
While his cast 's professionalism may have been a boon , Snyder 's task on Watchmen was not helped much by the looming ghost of Moore , who maintains something of a reputation as a surly Northampton hermit .
The writer who transformed the 1980s comic book scene with graphic novels such as V For Vendetta and From Hell condemned the movie out of hand before it had even reached cinemas , claiming his original work was unfilmable .
Did Snyder try to reach out to the former 2000 AD man ?
Watchmen Photograph : PR
" When I came on board this movie he had already sworn us off , " says the film - maker .
" I did n't even get a chance to plead my case , to be honest .
I have great respect for Alan and he had asked : ' Please do n't try to approach me or talk to me or change anything about what I think . '
So really I just tried to respect that as much as I could .
And the problem with that , was that it basically just meant : do n't ask .
He 's clearly a genius , and I hope – I 'm sure he does n't , but I hope – he understands ; I was just trying to respect his wishes .
He 's actually been amazingly cool about it recently . "
Yet this does not sound like the Alan Moore who , prior to its release , told a journalist from the LA Times that he had put a curse on Watchmen , adding : " I can tell you that I will also be spitting venom all over it for months to come . "
" Well not cool , but not like lashing out at us , " backtracks Snyder , chuckling .
" I 'm sure he 's still like : ' I 'll kill that Snyder ' , but maybe it 's a boring question now or no one 's asking him it . "
I tell him I have a sneaking suspicion that Moore might actually quite like the film , if he saw it .
" I do n't know if he 's seen it , so I can only speculate , " he says , tactfully .
One suspects that part of Moore 's problem with the film was that his original book is not a linear work that lends itself to an orthodox movie plotline .
It is a colourful scrapbook of different stories told through a variety of media : excerpts from the memoirs of former superheroes , cuttings from news articles , even an entirely separate but intertwined story in the shape of bloodthirsty pirate comic Tales From the Black Freighter .
These all came together to form a vivid , post - modern take on comic book tropes that both celebrated and satirised the genre and its medium .
The theatrical version , despite its epic running time , could never hope to equal that sort of depth and richness .
Fans are still hoping that the eventual " Ultimate " cut , which will follow a three - hour plus director 's cut onto DVD ( the version about to be released is the theatrical version ) , will finally present Watchmen as it was meant to be seen , complete with regular segueing from the main story into the Black Freighter subplot , and the double - act between a comic - book obsessed young boy and a newsstand owner ( both named Bernie ) , which are as important to Moore 's version as the main storyline .
Watchmen Photograph : PR
" I made a deal with the studio that I would do The Black Freighter section [ for a separately available DVD ] as long as they gave me some money to shoot the ins and outs with the two Bernies at the news stand , " says Snyder .
" With those two actors , we almost did a separate movie .
They did n't even know that we were making the whole Watchmen movie .
As far as they know the whole thing takes place on a street corner .
I think that [ for ] fans of the graphic novel , when they see the ultimate version , it will complete a bunch of the storylines . "
Of course , any critics who were confused by the original movie are going to really hate this version , but Snyder , again , does n't seem to be too bothered .
This is a film - maker almost uniquely in touch with his audience : he does n't come from an arthouse background , but then neither do most of his viewers .
He does n't particularly care whether he is lauded as a great director by the kind of critics who love to watch arthouse movies .
" I guess I like gore and action .
I like genre , " he says .
" I make the kind of movies that I would like to watch . "
Snyder does n't get nearly as much stick as another former commercials director who made the leap into film - making , the much - maligned McG .
Does he feel there is an unfair stigmatism attached to those who launched their careers in commercial territory ?
" I 'm really proud of the work that I did in the ad world , " he says .
" I really feel like it was an incredible visual school for me .
I did 15 years of commercials , three a month , a lot of them in Europe .
I 'm a huge fan of arthouse and independent film - makers , but it 's hard to compare that with 15 years of me running film through a camera every day , so that the tools are second nature .
You can say what you want about me as far as storytelling , but shot - making is a thing that I feel pretty comfortable doing .
McG. Photograph : Graham Whitby - Boot / Allstar
" McG is a really nice guy but I think he 's made such an eclectic span of films that I can't say that anyone really has a handle on what he 's about .
I just make movies that I like , and that I want to see .
I do think that commercial directors do get a bad rap .
Everyone assumes they are just going to be very Hollywood and just want to crack out the blockbusters .
Maybe it 's because I 've made slightly odd films that I 've gotten around that a little bit . "
Watchmen certainly makes for a pretty odd sort of superhero movie .
But then the graphic novel was a pretty odd sort of comic book .
Hollywood would no doubt have been pleased if the film had ended up being the Ocean 's Eleven of superhero movies that Snyder once considered .
Instead , Watchmen turned out to be something far less generic , a lot less facile and , I suspect , rather more durable .
Even Alan Moore might approve of that .
• This article was amended on 29 July 2009 .
The original referred to the " I am Sparta " sequence in 300 , and asked if there was unfair " stigmatism " attached to directors who began by working in the commercial realm
This has been corrected .
Enlarge AP file photo Data on a man 's breathing patterns and rapid eye movement are taken at a sleep clinic in Richmond , Va .
The most vivid dreams occur during a person 's deep REM stage .
SYMBOLIC OF FEAR , POWER , INSECURITY SYMBOLIC OF FEAR , POWER , INSECURITY Water : Symbolic of spirituality , knowledge , healing and refreshment .
Flying : Flying dreams and the ability to control your flight represent your own sense of power .
Falling :
An indication of insecurities , instabilities and anxieties .
You are feeling overwhelmed and out of control in some situation in your life .
Naked : Denotes the fear of being found out and judged .
Chased : Stems from feelings of anxiety in your life .
Source : Dreammoods.com CALLING THE ANALYST CALLING THE ANALYST
An example of a dream analysis from one of psychologist Marcia Emery 's classes : Background : Roz is questioning her wavering friendship with Nelly .
Roz 's dream : I was in a social setting and Nelly was being strong and intimidating .
She pulled out a gun and shot someone .
Then she pointed the gun at me and was going to shoot me .
Then Nelly said she 'll decide whether to spare me .
I was n't completely afraid .
Then another woman came along who held a gun over Nelly .
Interpretation :
The pivotal symbol jumping out to Roz was the gun .
She used the amplification technique , which is freely associating to the central symbol " gun . "
The associations she came up with were power , hunting , protection , fire , weapon .
Then she said , " Calling the shots . "
She saw how controlling Nelly was in their relationship because she always " called the shots . "
Roz was uncomfortable with this one - sided relationship .
Everybody dreams .
But why ?
And what do the dreams mean ?
Answering those questions has consumed the waking hours of scientists , psychologists and garden - variety dreamers .
Psychologist Marcia Emery , a professor at Holos University in Springfield , Mo. , helps others learn how to use their dreams to make their lives better .
" Dreams offer insight to things that are going on in our daily life , " she says .
She calls a dream an " inner physician " because it can communicate " illuminating insights " that show you how to remove personal blocks , foretell the future and even help with health problems .
Many times dreams can literally help find answers to questions in the waking life , she says , but more often they come in the form of symbols that can be interpreted in a number of different ways .
Dreaming of your teeth falling out , for example , could represent an anxiety about personal appearance or how others perceive you .
Or , looking at teeth as being used to bite , chew or gnaw , the dream could represent a feeling of powerlessness or lack of self - confidence about something .
Emery was among those attending the International Association for the Study of Dreams conference this summer .
The non-profit , California - based organization gathered people from professions ranging from psychology to the performing arts .
Robert Hoss , founding director of the DreamScience Foundation , explains that there are two types of dream studies : one that tries to explain the mechanisms in the brain that create dreams and another that explores the psychology of dreams .
And there is a mystery to both , he says .
What we do know is that the limbic system , the structures in the brain responsible for processing emotions , is used in dreaming , meaning that dreams are rooted in our feelings , Hoss says .
Dreams , he says , are a representation of the brain " processing emotional business and trying to resolve problems and store the solution in memory . "
" They 've been called the royal road to the subconscious , " he says .
" It 's the easiest way that you can understand your subconscious " and what is going on emotionally .
Heightened brain activity David Kahn , professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School , explains that dreams come from a combination of changing brain chemistry and a person 's emotional reactions to events of the day .
The overall metabolic activity of the brain slows during sleep , only to be selectively reactivated during the deep REM stage , when the most vivid dreams occur , Kahn explains in an e-mail .
The limbic areas are among those that become as highly activated , or even more , than when the person is awake , he says .
Kahn says the meaning behind a particular dream is based largely on the individual .
" Symbols in dreams have the same meaning for many ... but it may not mean the same thing for everyone , " because each person has had a different history , upbringing and culture , so we should expect to react differently .
Wake up , smell the coffee Programming dreams to help get answers to questions in your waking life is something that Emery teaches at Energy Medicine University , based in Sausalito , Calif .
Linda Armstrong of St. Petersburg , Fla. , has taken three of Emery 's classes and says she is " amazed at how illuminating my dreams were .
A lot of times , my dreams were working through problems in my waking life . "
She says she usually describes her dreams in a journal with the intention of deciphering them .
" I usually end up with a message that gives me a direction that I should take on a certain issue , " she says .
" One was about a relationship .
I did n't know if I should end it or if I should continue with it , and by going through the dream process , I found that the only reason I did n't want to continue with it was because of fears I had , which was something that I did n't even know that I was aware of . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I wrote this a while back for a true - life wedding horror stories anthology .
I ended up never submitting it , because I still gave a shit what some of the people involved thought .
I am so past that now .
* rueful grin *
And it gives you an idea of what a clusterfuck my second wedding was .
Yes , second .
Adam is husband # 3 .
Also husband the last .
I finally had the good sense to marry my best friend !
Every word of this is true .
( And the last line is where Adam pops up . )
The Groom
Here comes the Groom , on the arm of his mother , as is traditional in a Jewish ceremony and as is traditional in his life - he has lived with his mother for most of his life .
The Bride has started to wonder about the Groom , in fact - he 's been a bit of a dick over the past few months .
At first , she chalked this up to moving stress ( new apartment ) .
When the dust of moving settled , she chalked the behavior up to wedding stress .
But she is beginning to wonder if , in fact , this is simply his base personality , beginning to reveal itself .
Bit late now , though .
All the people are here , and the flowers , and she 's in this big dress .
So .
Here comes the Groom .
The Best Man
( There is no Best Man .
There is no Best Man because the Groom decided to dramatically reveal controversial information about his life to his disapproving brother a matter of days before the wedding , thus causing said brother to back out not only of being the Best Man , but of attending the wedding altogether .
Ditto the Groom 's father .
The Bride thinks that the Groom really could have waited a few days , but she was not consulted .
Consequently , she will never meet the Groom 's brother or father .
Also , the ratio of bridesmaids to ushers is now askew , but she will persevere . )
Usher #
1
Usher # 1 is the Bride 's childhood best friend and ( mutual ) first crush .
He would be The One That Got Away , but for the fact that they never got together in the first place .
This is openly and regretfully acknowledged to be a repeated accident of timing .
When Usher # 1 bends to sign the ketubah , the Hebrew marriage license , he whispers , " Why is it not me up there marrying you ? "
" Because you were dating someone else when I moved back here . "
" Oh , yeah . "
He looks up and grins .
" I 'm free now .
Wanna elope ? "
" I wish ! "
Usher #
2
Usher # 2 is the Bride ’s high - school friend , the Groom ’s co-worker , and Bridesmaid # 3 ’s husband – though he almost was n’t that , by today .
Usher # 2 and Bridesmaid # 3 separated after he cheated on her , a scant few months ago .
During their separation , Bridesmaid # 3 kissed Usher # 3 .
Usher # 2 discovered this upon perusal of her diary and ended up stalking Usher # 3 through a shopping mall with a knife .
Miraculously , Bridesmaid # 3 took Usher # 2 back , and the Bride is forced to have him in the bridal party if she ’s to have Bridesmaid # 3 .
Usher # 2 has conditions under which he will participate .
“ I do n’t want to be in any pictures with Usher # 3 . ”
“ Okay , ” says the Bride .
“ You wo n’t be in any pictures . ”
It ’s Usher # 2 who ’s causing trouble , after all .
She ’s not going to penalize Usher # 3 for it .
“ And he ca n’t come to the bachelor party . ”
“ Fine .
He ’ll come to the bachelorette party instead . ”
Usher # 2 is clearly not content .
He expresses this by adding his own , very goth , modifications to his tuxedo , and by refusing to tie his hair back as the other ushers do .
But he is there , which means that Bridesmaid # 3 is there , and that is what counts .
Usher #
3
Unbeknownst to anyone but the Bride , the Groom , and Usher # 3 , Bridesmaid # 3 is n’t the only one who ’s been kissing Usher # 3 .
Usher # 3 and the Bride have been doing a bit more than kissing .
This has been the case for quite some time , and it makes for rather a strange wedding experience for Usher # 3 .
Besides the Usher # 2 / Bridesmaid # 3 situation , even .
Bridesmaid # 1
Bridesmaid # 1 initially refused to be a bridesmaid unless she could wear faerie wings .
The Bride patiently explained that it was not that sort of wedding .
Bridesmaid # 1 reluctantly gave up on the wings , but has continued to be difficult .
“ I want to wear a purple dress ! ”
No , the Bride explained , you are wearing green .
Forest green velvet .
Bridesmaid # 1 acknowledges that the green sets off her eyes beautifully , but continues to sulk .
This is the way of Bridesmaid # 1 .
It has long been accepted that one cannot talk sense into her .
She will , for instance , forever be known as the lesbian who only dates Swedish men .
The Bride opines that , if Bridesmaid # 1 dates men , she is bisexual , not a lesbian – but Bridesmaid # 1 insists that she is a lesbian , despite having not seriously dated a woman in five years and having seriously dated Swedish men in the interim .
The Bride does not know what the deal is with the Swedish men .
One of them is accompanying Bridesmaid # 1 to the wedding , of course .
The Bride did not know his last name until two nights ago when , having left Bridesmaid # 1 several messages pleading for said name so she could finish the placecards , she threatened to write his name in as “ Bork Bork Bork ” a la the Muppet Show ’s Swedish Chef .
Bridesmaid # 1 is here because she and the Bride have been friends off and on since seventh grade , and because she was the last girl Bridesmaid # 1 fooled around with .
Bridesmaid # 2
Bridesmaid # 2 is the Bride ’s sister .
The Bride has many anecdotes about Bridesmaid # 2 , but not in her role as Bridesmaid # 2 ; she has been a model Bridesmaid .
We can move on .
Bridesmaid # 3
Of all of the Bridesmaids , Bridesmaid # 3 has been the most helpful – has acted , in fact , much as a Maid of Honor ought to .
But the Bride has almost lost Bridesmaid # 3 due to the hijinks of Usher # 2 .
Bridesmaid # 3 has offered to back out to avoid conflict among ushers , but the Bride wo n’t have it – Usher # 2 needs to simply shut up and deal , since the whole thing is really his damn fault .
Bridesmaid # 3 does not know that the Bride has schtupped Usher # 3 .
The Bride does not think she ’d take it well .
Bridesmaid # 4
Bridesmaid # 4 is the co-worker Bridesmaid , and is another model Bridesmaid .
She is , in fact , the only Bridesmaid the Bride still speaks to seven years later .
Maid of Honor
The Maid of Honor disappeared for a year .
Specifically , the year between her selection as Maid of Honor and the rehearsal dinner .
Stephen King writes that we never again have friends like we did when we were twelve .
This is true , and it ’s why the Maid of Honor is the Maid of Honor ; she was the Bride ’s best friend in middle school , in high school , and the Bride has only recently moved back home , has not yet noticed that they have grown apart .
The Bride had only begun to notice how unpredictable , how unreliable , the Maid of Honor was before naming her Maid of Honor .
But really – this is the Bride ’s best friend from the tender , easily - imprintable age of twelve .
Who else could be her Maid of Honor ?
The Maid of Honor shows up for the rehearsal dinner .
The Bride confronts her .
The Maid of Honor ’s apology ?
“ I was afraid – this whole wedding thing .
I was afraid that the Groom would replace me as your best friend . ”
The Bride thinks that disappearing for a year makes that a bit of a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Anyway , the Maid of Honor showed up for the wedding ; right now , that is enough .
Flower Girl
Here is the Flower Girl – the four - year - old daughter of the Bride .
Her golden hair is curled , her little white basket overflowing with rose petals .
The Bride is aware that one cannot expect a four - year - old to follow complicated instructions ; the Flower Girl ’s are simple .
* Walk through the doors .
* Bridesmaid # 2 will be up front .
Walk toward Bridesmaid # 2 .
* Toss petals on the ground while walking .
* Upon reaching Bridesmaid # 2 , stop and wait for the Bride .
The doors open .
The Flower Girl casts one frightened look back at the Bride , who smiles encouragingly .
The Flower Girl steps forward , and the doors shut behind her .
There is a collective “ Awwww . ”
There is a moment of absolute silence .
And then there is uproarious laughter .
The Bride bites her lip , grins , and repeats her mantra : “ No matter what the Flower Girl does , it will be considered cute . ”
The Bride later learns what transpired : The Flower Girl stepped forward into the crowded , brightly - lit room , relatives and strangers and camera - flashes , and stopped short , deer - in - headlights , for a long moment .
Long enough that Bridesmaid # 2 began to gesture at her half - frantically .
Upon seeing Bridesmaid # 2 , the Flower Girl remembered half of her instructions : Get to Bridesmaid # 2 .
And took off running .
Not a single petal hit the ground , and it seemed that her feet did n’t , either – the photographer was unable to get a picture of her walking .
The picture in the wedding album is of the Flower Girl airborne .
The Bride
Now stands the bride , breath held , heart pounding , in no way sure of herself and her actions .
But the people are here .
The flowers .
The dress .
Bit late now to bow out .
The doors open .
Five days later , she will meet the love of her life .
Larry Franklin , the former Pentagon analyst convicted of revealing classified information , says he worked undercover as an FBI double agent to gather information on the pro-Israel lobby in the United States before the bureau turned on him and pressured him to plead guilty to spying for Israel .
Talking to a U.S. newspaper for the first time since his arrest five years ago , Franklin told The Washington Times that he wore a portable recording device for the FBI to capture conversations between Keith Weissman , a lobbyist for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , and Israeli Embassy official Naor Gilon and that he cooperated on other matters during a 10 - week period in 2004 .
He said he never sought to spy for Israel and felt betrayed when the same FBI agents whom he had assisted suddenly told him to get an attorney and threatened to send him to prison for disclosing classified information to AIPAC officials and the Israeli Embassy .
“ I cooperated without a lawyer because I thought we were on the same side , ” Franklin said in a wide - ranging interview with The Times last week at the office of his attorney , Plato Cacheris .
“ And I was dumbfounded .
I had no money , I told them , for a lawyer .
They assigned me a lawyer who was paid by the government who wanted me to sign something that was anathema to me , an abomination . ”
FBI Assistant Director John Miller declined to comment on the case or Franklin ’s cooperation .
Franklin eventually pleaded guilty to releasing classified information on Iraq and Iran and was sentenced in 2006 to nearly 13 years in prison .
A federal judge reduced the sentence to probation and spared him from having to spend any time in prison after considering his cooperation with the FBI and the Justice Department .
Franklin had been a top Pentagon analyst on Iran during the early days of the George W. Bush administration and acknowledged he was talking to the news media and AIPAC officials because he was concerned about the administration ’s plan to go to war with Iraq without a policy for containing Iran .
Franklin said the FBI first pressed him about working undercover in an investigation into alleged Israeli spying in the United States in May 2004 , after he had become a subject of investigation into whether he provided sensitive information to reporters at CBS News on Iraqi exile leader Ahmed Chalabi ’s relations with Iran .
He said his FBI handlers convinced him that AIPAC analysts Steven Rosen and Mr. Weissman were “ bad people ” and that the agency needed his help in making a criminal case against the pro-Israel lobby officials .
The two AIPAC officials were eventually indicted , but this spring — after years of legal wrangling — the government reversed course and dropped all charges against them .
Prior to his FBI work , Franklin said he began talking to AIPAC officials in an attempt to influence the Bush administration over a policy dispute about Iran prior to the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The two - year dispute involved setting U.S. policy on Iran in a national security presidential directive .
“ The differences were insoluble between the secretary of defense ’s office — represented by me , an Iran desk officer , and a couple of others — and the State Department .
And CIA was kind of in the middle , ” he said .
Mr. Franklin said that as part of the Pentagon ’s Office of Special Plans — a special analytical group in the office of Douglas J. Feith , then the undersecretary of defense for policy — he also felt an urgency to influence Iran policy because he knew in advance the dates for the March 23 , 2003 , invasion of Iraq .
“ And not having a policy on the country next door [ to the one ] that you are invading I thought was a problem , ” he said .
“ I knew what the Iranians had prepared for us in Iraq .
Sure , they were glad we would knock off Saddam .
But as soon as we got in , they were not going to allow us to succeed , nor were they going to allow us to pull out without pain . ”
Franklin , who held a “ top secret ” security clearance during his Pentagon work , said the Iranians had prepared “ an entire mosaic of agents and cooperatives inside Iraq before we had invaded . ”
“ And I knew we would be coming home in bunches of body bags if we did n’t do something to frighten Iran into neutrality , ” he said .
Senior Pentagon officials , he said , mistakenly thought the United States could “ persuade Iran to be part of the solution and not part of the problem ” in Iraq .
However , Franklin was convinced that Iranian officials would not cooperate and that Tehran remembered U.S. support to Iraq during the Iran - Iraq war from 1980 to 1988 .
“ So I wanted to delay and shock the National Security Council staff into convincing [ National Security Adviser ] Condoleezza Rice and others that , hey , maybe we ought to think this out a little more because there was so little time , ” Franklin said .
His plan was to use Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman to relay his concerns to the National Security Council ( NSC ) staff .
Instead , the AIPAC officials , without telling Franklin , took his information , some of which was classified , to Mr. Gilon at the Israeli Embassy and to a Washington Post reporter .
“ I felt betrayed by Rosen and Weissman because I had risked everything for what I had thought were the interests of our republic , ” he said .
“ And , yeah , second of all , I felt very disappointed in the FBI . ”
Abbe Lowell , the lawyer who successfully represented Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman , disputed Franklin ’s account about his interests in talking to the AIPAC officials .
Franklin , Mr. Lowell said , sought AIPAC ’s help , through Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman , beyond the effort to reach the NSC as part of an “ ideological war with the Department of State . ”
“ His request of them was to try to get AIPAC to weigh in on his side of the group at [ the Department of ]
Defense , ” Mr. Lowell said .
“ It was not singularly focused on the NSC . ”
Mr. Lowell said Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman had no immediate comment on the case .
Spokesmen for AIPAC and the Israeli Embassy also declined to comment .
Mr. Lowell said Franklin did not have access to all the conversations and transcript records he obtained from the government while representing the two AIPAC officials during the case .
He said that the records are classified and that he could not discuss them .
Franklin , a former reserve colonel in the Air Force who worked undercover as an intelligence officer in Israel , said Mr. Gilon “ was a source of mine , registered at [ the Defense Intelligence Agency ] , and I wrote several intelligence information reports , which I cannot go into , that detailed the information that he gave me . ”
The comments were used during a broadcast on CBS News and “ a few weeks later , I was notified that I was a subject of interest , ” Franklin said .
He pleaded guilty in October 2005 to illegally disclosing classified information on Iran and Iraq , and in January 2006 was sentenced to 12 years and seven months in prison .
Franklin never served prison time because a federal judge reduced the sentence to probation and 10 months in a halfway house after the espionage case against Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman was dropped by federal prosecutors in May .
On May 1 , Dana J. Boente , the acting U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , said in a statement that when Mr. Rosen and Mr. Weissman were indicted , “ the government believed it could prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt based on the [ espionage ] statute . ”
However , subsequent unfavorable court rulings produced a “ diminished likelihood ” of winning at trial and the case was dropped , he said .
The government was then required to submit a motion to reduce Franklin ’s sentence based on the plea agreement and sought an eight - year prison term .
However , based on his attorney ’s appeal for no prison time , U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis sentenced him on June 11 to probation .
Franklin said his cooperation with the government was a factor in the judge ’s decision to reduce the sentence .
“ I did n’t do anything morally wrong , ” Franklin said .
“ I was totally motivated by love of this republic and knowingly risked my job , my clearance and the welfare of my family because I thought it was important to do . ”
Franklin also illegally kept 83 classified documents at his house in West Virginia but said he did so “ because I needed to keep up my expertise that both the secretary and deputy secretary [ of defense ] — that is [ Donald ] Rumsfeld and [ Paul ] Wolfowitz — depended upon .
“ I never showed a document , never gave a document to anyone ever , ” he told The Times .
“ The only other illegality I performed was I talked — blurted out on May 20 , 2004 , over a phone call from CBS , from “ 60 Minutes . ”
They were doing a show on Chalabi , and I said : ‘ Do n’t ask me for any good news about Chalabi ‘ cause he had just met with a nefarious Iranian who was guilty of killing Americans . ’ ”
Mr. Cacheris , Franklin ’s attorney , said that the FBI sought the guilty plea from Franklin because the Bureau hoped to use his testimony in its case against AIPAC and that it did not make any promises to him in exchange for the cooperation .
“ Unfortunately , Larry was n’t astute enough to find out during the time of his cooperation what was going to happen , ” Mr. Cacheris said .
Franklin said he agreed to the plea deal because he hoped it would keep him out of jail so he could take care of his seriously ill wife .
He thanked Mr. Cacheris for coming to his rescue in the case .
Once one of the U.S. government ’s leading intelligence and policy analysts on Iran , Franklin said he does not favor using force to take out Iran ’s nuclear program .
“ I ’m not in favor of an attack , ” he said , noting that he wrote an internal paper in the late 1990s on Israel , Iran and nuclear weapons .
Franklin said U.S. policy should be “ regime change without war , ” and he had a list of eight or nine things that could be done to help the Iranian people overthrow that regime .
He said he hopes to give some advice to President Obama or his staff on how to deal with Tehran .
Iran , he said , was able to put down recent protests over the disputed presidential election because the opposition forces do not have strong leaders and lack a cohesive ideology .
Franklin said the key to ousting the cleric - backed regime is for Iranians to launch a “ Ghandi- esque ” nationwide strike that would bring the ruling leadership to a standstill and prompt the regime to use force against the opposition .
“ There are a couple of divisions of pasdarans [ internal security troops ] - whose names I ca n’t mention - who are trained just to do this , ” he said , “ to protect … the leadership center in Tehran .
They would have to fire en masse on the people , and they are not confident enough to do this .
“ And as soon as the people realize that there is a break in the will of the mullahs and the veterans of the Iran - Iraq war that are now in high positions in Iran , as soon as they sense there is a break in the will , it ’s over . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Après IPREDATOR et IPODAH , ItsHidden arrive sur le marché des VPN , en proposant peu ou prou les mêmes services .
Toutefois , à la différences des deux autres solutions , ItsHidden fait le pari du gratuit en ouvrant sa version beta à tous .
Nous connaissions déjà les projets de réseaux virtuels privés que sont le suédois IPREDATOR et le français IPODAH .
Désormais , c’est au tour de ItsHidden de se faire connaitre des internautes , puisque le service vient d’entrer dans une nouvelle phrase de développement .
Et contrairement aux deux solutions précédentes , ItsHidden se différencie en proposant un accès gratuit à son service , du moins pour l’instant .
Si cela fera sans doute le bonheur des internautes peu enclins à débourser de l’argent sur Internet , des questions vont inévitablement se poser sur la manière dont ItsHidden fera face aux dépenses de matériels informatique et de bande - passante .
À l’heure actuelle , les serveurs sont localisés aux Pays - Bas , mais lorsque la phase beta sera terminée , les concepteurs de ItsHidden indiquent qu’ils les disperseront aux quatre coins du monde , pour éviter tout risque de saisie .
Tout comme un VPN classique , ItsHidden va chiffrer la connexion entre le PC de l’utilisateur et les serveurs du VPN .
Ainsi , il sera impossible pour un intervenant extérieur , même pour le FAI , d’espionner les données envoyées ou reçues .
Le service assure également que la véritable adresse IP sera masquée par une autre et aucun historique ne sera conservé .
Selon Torrentfreak , les premiers retours semblent indiquer que le service est plutôt performant avec un débit assez élevé .
En revanche , le lancement public va sans doute affecter les performances du VPN , du moins dans les prochains jours .
La piste d’une version payante du service avec de nouvelles fonctionnalités ou l’utilisation de publicités devraient être néanmoins envisagées , sous peine de voir le projet s’effondrer sur lui-même .
In New York , the money - driven dealer Dean Corso is a rare - books expert and partner of Bernie , who owns a bookstore .
He is contacted by the renowned collector of books about the devil Boris Balkan , who has just acquired the rare The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows from the collector Andrew Telfer , to verify whether his book is authentic or a forgery .
Balkan explains that the book was written by the writer Aristide Torchia , in 1666 , with Lucifer and he was burned at the stake with his entire work .
There are only three exemplars of The Nine Gates and in accordance with the legend , its nine engravings form a riddle to conjure the devil .
The skeptical Corso accepts the assignment and has to fly to Sintra , Portugal , and Paris , France , to contact the owners Victor Fargas and Baroness Kessler and find the genuine exemplar for Balkan .
Meanwhile , he asks Bernie to hide the rare book .
Before traveling to Europe , the widow Liana Telfer wants to retrieve the book and has sex with Corso , but ... Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
One of the mechanisms governing how our physical features and behavioural traits have evolved over centuries has been discovered by researchers at the University of Leeds .
Darwin proposed that such traits are passed from a parent to their offspring , with natural selection favouring those that give the greatest advantage for survival , but did not have a scientific explanation for this process .
In research published this week , the Leeds team reports that a protein known as REST plays a central role in switching specific genes on and off , thereby determining how specific traits develop in offspring .
The study shows that REST controls the process by which proteins are made , following the instructions encoded in genes .
It also reveals that while REST regulates a core set of genes in all vertebrates , it has also evolved to work with a greater number of genes specific to mammals , in particular in the brain - potentially playing a leading role in the evolution of our intelligence .
Says lead researcher Dr Ian Wood of the University ’s Faculty of Biological Sciences : “ This is the first study of the human genome to look at REST in such detail and compare the specific genes it regulates in different species .
We ’ve found that it works by binding to specific genetic sequences and repressing or enhancing the expression of genes associated with these sequences .
“ Scientists have believed for many years that differences in the way genes are expressed into functional proteins is what differentiates one species from another and drives evolutionary change - but no - one has been able to prove it until now . ”
The Leeds team , in collaboration with scientists in Singapore , examined the repertoire of genes that REST regulates , in particular those which are expressed in the central nervous system .
The team compared 16 whole genome sequences in fish , primates and humans to see where and how REST binds to them .
Until now , the nature and extent of such variation has been unknown but the present study now completes some significant gaps in this knowledge .
Dr Wood says : “ We were curious to look at REST and see what its functions are because it ’s present in all vertebrates and it is also thought it may have a role to play in certain brain functions , such as levels of intelligence .
It was a massive undertaking just to collate all the data required and put it into the right order before we could start any kind of analysis .
Our research has not only completed some significant gaps in this knowledge , but has also explained some of the detail behind the process of natural selection , which Darwin correctly identified , but could n’t explain . ”
Source : University of Leeds ( news : web )
Explore further Complexity constrains evolution of human brain genes
Black Hat USA 2009 // Media Archives
Caesars Palace Las Vegas , NV • July 25-30
( MEDIA LEGEND )
white paper document audio recording video recording presentation source material
Event AUDIO & VIDEO : The Source of Knowledge will be onsite to sell audio and video recordings of the Briefings sessions .
Their booth will be located outside of the Fourth Floor ( Promenade Level ) , Emperor 's Ballroom .
You can download the order form here or purchase the media onsite : [ PDF ]
Alessandro Acquisti I Just Found 10 Million SSN's
Dmitri Alperovitch , Keith Mularski Fighting Russian Cybercrime Mobsters : Report from the Trenches
Andrea Barisani , Daniele Bianco Sniff Keystrokes With Lasers / Voltmeters
Side Channel Attacks Using Optical Sampling of Mechanical Energy and Power Line Leakage
Marc Bevand MD5 Chosen - Prefix Collisions on GPUs
Bill Blunden Anti-Forensics : The Rootkit Connection
Hristo Bojinov , Dan Boneh , Elie Bursztein Embedded Management Interfaces : Emerging Massive Insecurity
Michael Brooks , David Aslanian BitTorrent Hacks
Jesse Burns Exploratory Android Surgery
K. Chen Reversing and Exploiting an Apple® Firmware Update
Matt Conover SADE : Injecting Agents into VM Guest OS
Dino Dai Zovi Advanced Mac OS X Rootkits
Datagram Lockpicking Forensics
Mike Davis Recoverable Advanced Metering Infrastructure
Nitesh Dhanjani Psychotronica : Exposure , Control , and Deceit
Mark Dowd , Ryan Smith , David Dewey The Language of Trust : Exploiting Trust Relationships in Active Content
Muhaimin Dzulfakar Advanced MySQL Exploitation
Michael Eddington Demystifying Fuzzers
Egypt Using Guided Missiles in Drive - by's : Automatic browser fingerprinting and exploitation with Metasploit
Rachel Engel Gizmo : A Lightweight Open Source Web Proxy
Stefan Esser State of the Art Post Exploitation in Hardened PHP Environments
Tony Flick Hacking the Smart Grid
Andrew Fried , Paul Vixie , Dr. Chris Lee Internet Special Ops : Stalking Badness Through Data Mining
Chris Gates Breaking the " Unbreakable " Oracle with Metasploit
Travis Goodspeed A 16 bit Rootkit and Second Generation Zigbee Chips
Joe Grand , Jacob Appelbaum , Chris Tarnovsky " Smart " Parking Meter Implementations , Globalism , and You
Jennifer Granick Computer Crime Year In Review : MySpace , MBTA , Boston College and More
Jeremiah Grossman , Trey Ford Mo' Money Mo' Problems : Making A LOT More Money on the Web the Black Hat Way
Peter Guerra How Economics and Information Security Affects Cyber Crime and What It Means in the Context of a Global Recession
Nathan Hamiel , Shawn Moyer Weaponizing the Web : More Attacks on User - Generated Content
Nick Harbour Win at Reversing : Tracing and Sandboxing through Inline Hooking
Riley Hassell Exploiting Rich Content
Billy Hoffman , Matt Wood Veiled : A Browser - based Darknet
Mikko Hypponen
The Conficker Mystery
Vincenzo Iozzo , Charlie Miller Post Exploitation Bliss : Loading Meterpreter on a Factory iPhone
Dan Kaminsky Something about Network Security
Peter Kleissner Stoned Bootkit
Kostya Kortchinsky Cloudburst : Hacking 3D ( and Breaking Out of VMware )
Zane Lackey , Luis Miras Attacking SMS
Aaron LeMasters , Michael Murphy Rapid Enterprise Triaging ( RETRI ) : How to Run a Compromised Network and Keep Your Data Safe
Robert Lentz Keynote : Cyberspace , A Fragile Ecosystem
Felix " FX " Lindner Router Exploitation
Kevin Mahaffey , Anthony Lineberry , John Hering Is Your Phone Pwned ?
Auditing , Attacking and Defending Mobile Devices
Moxie Marlinspike More Tricks For Defeating SSL
John McDonald , Chris Valasek Practical Windows XP /2003 Heap Exploitation
Haroon Meer , Nick Arvanitis , Marco Slaviero Clobbering the Cloud !
Download file contains 11 videos
Erez Metula Managed Code Rootkits : Hooking into the Runtime Environments
Charlie Miller , Collin Mulliner Fuzzing the Phone in your Phone
David Mortman A Black Hat Vulnerability Risk Assessment
Graeme Neilson Netscreen of the Dead : Developing a Trojaned ScreenOS for Juniper Netscreen Appliances
Steve Ocepek Long - Term Sessions : This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things
Jeongwook Oh Fight Against 1 - day Exploits : Diffing Binaries vs Anti-diffing Binaries
Alfredo Ortega , Anibal Sacco Deactivate the Rootkit
Danny Quist , Lorie Liebrock Reverse Engineering By Crayon : Game Changing Hypervisor Based Malware Analysis and Visualization
Tiffany Strauchs Rad , James Arlen Your Mind : Legal Status , Rights and Securing Yourself
Daniel Raygoza Automated Malware Similarity Analysis
Bruce Schneier Re-conceptualizing Security
Peter Silberman , Steve Davis Metasploit Autopsy : Reconstructing the Crime Scene
Val Smith , Colin Ames , David Kerb MetaPhish
Mike Zusman , Alexander Sotirov Breaking the security myths of Extended Validation SSL Certificates
Kevin Stadmeyer , Garrett Held Worst of the Best of the Best
Alex Stamos , Andrew Becherer , Nathan Wilcox Cloud Computing Models and Vulnerabilities : Raining on the Trendy New Parade
Bryan Sullivan Defensive Rewriting : A New Take on XSS / XSRF / Redirect - Phishing Defense
Chris Tarnovsky
What the hell is inside there ?
Alexander Tereshkin , Rafal Wojtczuk Introducing Ring - 3 Rootkits
Steve Topletz , Jonathan Logan and Kyle Williams Global Spying : Realistic Probabilities in Modern Signals Intelligence
Michael Tracy , Chris Rohlf , Eric Monti Ruby for Pentesters
Dustin " I)ruid " Trammell Metasploit Telephony
Eduardo Vela Nava , David Lindsay Our Favorite XSS Filters and How to Attack Them
Mario Vuksan , Tomislav Pericin Fast & Furious Reverse Engineering with TitanEngine
Chris Weber Unraveling Unicode : A Bag of Tricks for Bug Hunting
Jeff Williams Enterprise Java Rootkits
Prayer for Spiritual Wisdom
Imagine before the universe was created , the Lord knew who you were ;
God knew everything about you and has amazing plans for your eternity .
God the Holy Spirit lives in you as a security deposit to guarantee the promise of your redemption in Heaven .
You are destined for greatness through the blood of Christ who has paid for your sins .
You are adopted into the family of God .
This is who you are in Christ !
Do you know who you are in Christ ?
In the first 14 verses , Paul ’s goal is for you , the believer , to understand your destiny .
We need to know our identity in Christ .
As Christians we have to have the right vision or worldview of our Christian faith .
In the second part of chapter 1 , Paul prays that the realization of our identity in Christ becomes real , not just theory .
We need to KNOW the inheritance coming to us and live according to our future , not our past .
Mayor 's adviser announces plans to make London ' greener , cleaner and more civilised ' with 2 m tree plan
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
London needs more parkland and to plant more trees to combat predicted rises in summer temperatures , an environment chief said today .
Mayor Boris Johnson 's environment adviser Isabel Dedring said climate projections showed average summer temperatures in London could be some 3.9C higher than today by 2080 , and as much as 6C to 10C on the hottest days .
The " urban heat island effect " in which buildings absorb and release heat , maintaining a higher temperature in cities than surrounding areas , means London temperatures will continue to be higher than other parts of the south - east .
But a study from Manchester suggests that increasing the amount of greenery in a city by 10 % could offset the higher temperatures .
The mayor 's environment plan is aiming to increase tree cover across the capital by 5 % – an extra 2 m trees – by 2025 .
The programme , Leading to a Greener London , also involves plans for an increase in green space in inner London by 5 % , including green roofs and more trees in streets .
A green roof features waterproofing and drainage layers topped with soil and plants .
Other measures to make the capital " greener , cleaner and more civilised " include pilot schemes which will pay householders to recycle .
" Trees in streets have a very positive air - quality effect , " Dedring added .
CHARLESTON , W.Va . ( AP ) 
The federal Forest Service is preparing to close thousands of caves and former mines in national forests in 33 states in an effort to control a fungus that has already killed an estimated 500,000 bats .
A Forest Service biologist , Becky Ewing , said an emergency order was issued last week for caves in 20 states from Minnesota to Maine .
A second order covering the Forest Service ’s 13 - state Southern region should be issued this month .
The sites will be closed for up to a year , Ms. Ewing said .
The orders follow the request in March by the Fish and Wildlife Service for people to voluntarily stay out of caves in 17 states .
Bats have been dying at alarming rates from what scientists call “ white - nose syndrome , ” so named because it appears as a white powder on the face and wings of hibernating bats .
The problem was first spotted in New York and in two years has spread to caves in Virginia and West Virginia .
Li'l Wiskars is awflee quiet .
Ah wunders wat dat kid is up to .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Hack Day tools for non-developers
We ’re about to run our second internal hack day at the Guardian .
The first was an enormous amount of fun and the second one looks set to be even more productive .
There ’s only one rule at hack day : build something you can demonstrate at the end of the event ( Powerpoint slides do n’t count ) .
Importantly though , our hack days are not restricted to just our development team : anyone from the technology department can get involved , and we extend the invitation to other parts of the organisation as well .
At the Guardian , this includes journalists .
For our first hack day , I put together a list of “ tools for non-developers ” — sites , services and software that could be used for hacking without programming knowledge as a pre-requisite .
I ’m now updating that list with recommendations from elsewhere .
Here ’s the list so far :
Originally a kind of structured version of Wikipedia , Freebase changed its focus last year towards being a “ social database about things you know and love ” .
In other words , it ’s the most powerful OCD - enabler in the history of the world .
Create your own “ Base ” on any subject you like , set up your own types and start gathering together topics from the millions already available in Freebase — or add your own .
Examples include the Battlestar Galactica base , the Tall Ships base and the fabulous Database base .
If you are a developer the tools in the Make Things with Freebase section are top notch .
Dabble is a weird combination of a spreadsheet , an online database and a set of visualisation tools .
Watch the 8 minute demo to get an idea of how powerful this is — you can start off by loading in an existing spreadsheet and take it from there .
You ’ll need to sign up for the free 30 day trial .
You can always build a hack in Excel , but Google Spreadsheets is surprisingly powerful and means that you can collaborate with others on your hack ( including developers , who can use the Google Docs API to get at the data in your spreadsheet ) .
Check out the following tutorials , which describe ways of using Google Spreadsheets to scrape in data from other webpages and output it in interesting formats :
There ’s also a simple way to create a form that submits data in to a Google Spreadsheet .
Visual tools for combining , filtering and modifying RSS feeds .
Combine with the large number of full - content feeds on guardian .
co.uk for all sorts of interesting possibilities .
Here ’s a tutorial that incorporates Google Docs as well .
Google provide a really neat interface for adding your own points , lines and areas to a Google Map .
Outputs KML , a handy file format for carting geographic data around between different tools .
If you already have a KML or GeoRSS feed URL from somewhere ( e.g. the output of a Yahoo !
Pipe ) , you can paste it directly in to the Google Maps search box to see the points rendered on a map .
A simple to use 3D drawing package that lets you create 3D models of real - world buildings and then import them in to Google Earth .
Try your hand at some open source cartography on OpenStreetMap , the geographic world ’s answer to Wikipedia .
If you have the equipment you can contribute GPS traces , otherwise there ’s a clever online editor that will let you trace out roads from satellite photos — or you could just make sure your favourite pub is included on the map .
The export tools can provide vector or static maps , and if you export as SVG you can further edit your map in Illustrator or Inkscape .
Commercial tools built on top of OpenStreetMap , the most exciting of which allows you to create your own map theme by setting your preferred colours and line widths for various types of map feature .
IBM Research ’s suite of data visualisation tools , with a wiki - style collaboration platform for publishing data and creating visualisations .
Dapper provides a powerful tool for screen scraping websites , without needing to write any code .
Output formats include RSS , iCalendar and Google Maps .
TiddlyWiki is a complete wiki in a single HTML file , which you can save locally and use as a notebook , collaboration tool and much more .
There ’s a large ecosystem of plugins and macros which can be used to extend it with new features — see Tiddly Vault for an index .
The “ computational knowledge engine ” with the hubristic search - based interface , potentially useful as a source of data and a tool for processing and visualising that data .
Useful as both an input and an output for feeds processed using other tools , and with a smart bookmarklet for collecting bits and pieces from around the web .
An outstanding list of tools that people “ without programming skills ( but with basic computer and Internet literacy ) can use to create interesting projects ” , compiled by the English department at UC Santa Barbara .
Your help needed
There must be dozens , if not hundreds of useful tools missing from the above .
Tell me in the comments and I ’ll add them to the list .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
So far , so good .
Our 10 " Best Stocks for 2009 -- as featured in Fortune 's annual Investor 's Guide -- have returned 22.5 % .
That 's eight percentage points better than the total return of the Standard & Poor 's 500 ( SPX ) over the same period ( from Dec. 1 , 2008 through June 25 , 2009 ) .
Only one of our picks lost money ( Devon Energy ) , while seven boast double - digit returns .
Here 's a run-down on all 10 :
Altria ( MO , Fortune 500 )
We thought the cigarette maker would prove to be a good defensive stock , and indeed , Altria has returned 15.1 % and still boasts an 8 % dividend yield .
Better still , new tobacco regulations just passed by Congress -- limiting cigarette advertising and prohibit new flavors -- will help protect the dominant market share of Marlboro and other Altria brands .
Bottom line : Hold .
Annaly Capital Management ( NLY )
Our argument for Annaly boiled down to the stock being misunderstood .
Since then , the stock has returned 26.9 % thanks in large part to Annaly 's 14 % dividend yield .
Structured as a REIT , Annaly is basically an investment fund that buys Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac - guaranteed mortgages with borrowed money .
In this environment that sounds scary .
Fact is , with the government takeovers of Fan and Fred , Annaly 's business model has never been more secure .
Not only that but Annaly 's interest rate spread -- the margin between what its mortgages are yielding and the interest Annaly is paying on its debt -- widened to 2.08 % at the end of the first quarter from 1.46 % the same period last year .
Bottom line : Buy .
Dell ( DELL , Fortune 500 ) delivered at 35.8 % total return , but we got a little lucky with this one .
We predicted that Dell 's market share gains in 2008 would continue into 2009 .
What happened ?
Dell has seen its share of the worldwide PC market fall from 14.7 % to 13.1 % , according to Gartner .
Dell 's net income fell 63 % .
Bottom line : Count your blessings and take profits .
Devon Energy ( DVN , Fortune 500 )
Devon is basically a natural gas play , which explains why the stock has lost 12.8 % .
While oil prices have doubled since February , natural gas prices have actually fallen .
That can not hold .
Bottom line : Buy .
Diamond Offshore ( DO )
Diamond is a leading offshore driller , and the rebound in oil prices has driven Diamond stock to a 40.9 % total return .
We still like the stock -- particularly the $ 8 a year in regular and special dividends -- but there is something of a disconnect right now between oil prices ( which are rising ) and demand for drilling rigs ( which is falling ) .
Bottom line : Take profits .
Fluor ( FLR , Fortune 500 )
A construction and engineering firm , Fluor has returned 27.1 % with investors betting the company will be a big beneficiary of all the new infrastructure spending included in President Obama 's stimulus plan .
That 's still a wise bet .
Bottom line : Hold .
Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ , Fortune 500 )
We called it a comfort stock , and the label still applies , despite underperforming the market with a 3.5 % total return .
Part Big Pharma , part consumer staples giant , J&J boasts a healthy dividend yield ( 3.6 % ) and a low price - earnings ratio ( 12 ) .
Bottom line : Hold .
Medco Health Solutions ( MHS , Fortune 500 )
The largest pharmacy benefits manager ( or PBM ) , Medcocould be one of the biggest beneficiaries of health reform .
President Obama wants to use technology to bring down healthcare costs and that 's Medco 's forte .
The stock has already returned 18.9 % , and we think more gains are coming .
Bottom line : Hold .
Pfizer ( PFE , Fortune 500 )
A classic value play , Pfizer has been weighed down by the healthcare reform debate , which is why it 's lagged the market with a 3.7 % return .
But with a 4.3 % dividend yield and a 6 P/E , we 're comfortable betting that whatever legislation is ultimately passed , it wo n't do much to derail the demographic freight train pushing demand for pharmaceuticals ever higher .
Bottom line : Hold .
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan ( POT )
Let this be a lesson .
The next time you see a leading company in a growing industry trading at a mere three times earnings , scoop that stock up ASAP no matter how scary the overall market may seem .
Potash Corp. is up 66.1 % since December .
While we remain fertilizer fans , locking in some of those gains makes sense .
Bottom line : Take profits .
Photos Life on unemployment View photos 6 readers tell their stories of making ends meet on $ 300 a week .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The number of Americans filing initial unemployment claims fell sharply last week , while those filing ongoing claims rose to another all - time high , according to government data released Thursday .
There were 565,000 initial jobless claims filed in the week ended July 4 , down 52,000 from a revised 617,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said .
It was the lowest number since January and was below the consensus estimate of 603,000 from economists surveyed by Briefing.com .
Analysts said last week 's drop was distorted by a change in the pattern of seasonal layoffs in the automotive industry .
Initial claims typically spike in July as automakers idle certain manufacturing plants , and the Labor Department adjusts its data for such seasonal factors .
However , many plant closures occurred early this year , said Mark Vitner , an economist at Wacovia Economics Group .
On a non-seasonally adjusted basis , initial claims were 577,506 .
" The improvement in first week of July was exaggerated by the timing of plant closures , " Vitner said .
" This is something we 're going to be dealing with throughout the month . "
Meanwhile , the number of people requesting continued jobless benefits rose to a record high , indicating that the labor market remains weak .
The government said continuing claims rose to 6,883,000 in the week ended June 27 , the most recent data available .
That 's an increase of 159,000 from the previous week 's revised total of 6,724,000 and was the highest reading since the Labor Department began keeping records in 1967 .
The 4 - week moving average of continuing claims rose 12,000 to 6,769,000 .
The ongoing rise in continuing claims suggests that more workers are struggling to re-enter the work force .
" While layoffs have topped out , hiring has not picked up , " Vitner said .
" The increase in unemployment rate going forward will be more a result of lack of hiring rather than layoffs , " he said .
Been to the mall lately ?
What has changed that you like or dislike ?
We want to hear about your experiences .
E-mail your story to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be part of an upcoming article .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
Thomas Steg , der sich heute als stellvertretender Regierunssprecher verabschiedet , ist um seinen neuen Job nicht zu beneiden : Kommunikationschef des SPD -Kanzlerkandidaten Frank - Walter Steinmeier .
Das ist etwa so attraktiv wie Pressesprecher bei Vattenfall .
Auch die SPD hat so viele Störfälle hinter sich , dass ihr am 27 .
September die Abschaltung droht .
Das kann selbst ein so hervorragender Mann wie Steg kaum noch verhindern .
Kommunikationsexperten können nicht erfolgreicher sein als das Produkt , das sie verkaufen .
Und Stegs Produkt heißt Steinmeier , das laut Umfragen seit Monaten wie Blei in den Regalen liegt .
Und die Firma , die dahinter steht , die SPD , hat im Wahlkampf bisher fast alles falsch gemacht , was man falsch machen kann : zu früh gestartet , die falschen Botschaften , öffentlich zerstritten , strahlt sie eine tiefsitzende Unsicherheit aus , die sich auf die Wähler überträgt .
Sie hat den Europa - Wahlkampf nur mit Negativ - Campaigning gegen Finanz - Haie , Dumpinglöhne und heiße Luft bestritten und erfolglos versucht , Angela Merkel schlecht zu reden .
Was bleibt jetzt noch ?
Steinmeier ( “ Prickel ” ) noch einmal neu erfinden ?
Dafür ist es zu spät .
Es sind nur noch 74 Tage bis zur Wahl .
Die SPD kann nur noch auf Fehler der CDU / CSU und FDP hoffen .
Für Thomas
Steg gilt , was Friedrich Schiller schon in der “ Bürgschaft ” schrieb .
” Du rettest den Freund nicht mehr ” .
Ich wünsche Steg das , was mir einer der genialsten SPD - Wahlstrategen , Bodo Hombach , 2002 wünschte , als ich für Edmund Stoiber arbeitete : Persönlich viel Erfolg , aber nicht für die Aufgabe .
Und er muss aufpassen , dass ihn seine Genossen nicht hinterher zum Sündenbock machen .
Bei der SPD gibt es übrigens auch immer noch Franz Müntefering , dessen Realtitätsverlust schon Bunkermentalität angenommen hat .
Er sagte in einem grotesken “ Spiegel ” - Interview , Frau Merkel könne schon mal die Koffer packen .
Dabei wäre es schon ein Riesenerfolg für die SPD , wenn sie der Kanzlerin auch in der nächsten Legislaturperiode die Koffer tragen dürfte .
New Jersey has never been short of corruption scandals , but the one that unfolded yesterday was surprising even by the standards of the state that inspired " The Sopranos . "
Federal agents swept across New Jersey and New York on Thursday , charging 44 people -- including mayors , rabbis and even one alleged trafficker in human kidneys -- in a decadelong investigation into public corruption and international money laundering .
The ...
The Dutch Justice Ministry plans to shut down eight prisons and cancel new prison building programs to deal with what it calls a capacity surplus , Dutch Justice State Secretary Nebahat Albayrak said Tuesday .
The move will lead to the scrapping of 1,200 jobs and is expected to save 164 million euros ( about 223 million U.S. dollars ) , Dutch media quoted the state secretary as saying .
" Currently , there is detention capacity of some 14,000 cell places , while according to the estimates there is a need for about 12,000 cells .
This overcapacity is expected to continue for some years , " Albayrak said in a policy document on national prison system sent to the Dutch parliament Tuesday .
The cell surplus is caused by falling crime rate , Albayrak said .
According to the plan , three prisons will be closed this year and the rest in 2012 .
Meanwhile , the Netherlands ' southern neighbor Belgium , which is suffering a cell shortage , will temporarily put some of its criminals behind Dutch bars .
Albayrak said the two countries are working on a plan to place 500 Belgian detainees in Dutch prisons .
Source : Xinhua
Chicago Police Department ( C.P.D. ) Superintendent Jody
Weis issued a new “ deadly force ” policy allowing cops to arbitrarily shoot drivers and passengers in vehicles to go into effect after this weekend .
“ Effective next Monday , police officers will be able to fire their guns under circumstances where they previously could not , ” Mike Krauser reports .
“ Now officers will be able to fire upon the driver or passenger in a vehicle if that person is a forcible fleeing felon , someone who has committed a very serious offense resulting in bodily harm or has threatened to commit great bodily harm , ” C.P.D. spokesperson Roderick Drew told Mr. Krauser .
“ It gives department members the option of taking off a dangerous member , someone who has either created or committed a serious offense or could commit a serious offense if he or she is allowed to flee the scene . ” ( emphasis mine )
Mr. Drew said that whether or not someone “ could commit a serious offense ” is “ up to the discretion ” of the C.P.D. “ member ” .
Michael Sneed reports , “ Critics claim the new policy is ‘ ridiculous ’ and the liability to the City of Chicago could be astronomical . ”
Who would drive away from ‘ C.P.D. members ’?
Let ’s not beat around the bush here .
Ethnic minorities — and there are plenty in Chicago — are ( in general ) absolutely terrified of ‘ C.P.D. members ’ .
An immigrant without “ proper papers ” might drive away .
Someone simply uninsured might drive away .
An ex-con with two strikes “ illegally ” talking on his cell phone while driving might drive away .
This paragraph could go on forever .
As for the “ discretion of the member ” , a ‘ C.P.D. member ’ shocked Lillian Fletcher — an 82 - year - old , 5 ″ 1′ grandmother — with his Taser , sending 50,000 volts at her in 2007 .
Less than a year ago , a man fled from a ‘ CPD member ’ and was killed when the ‘ member ’ tased him .
The man was being apprehended for drinking from an open bottle .
But , the C.P.D. conducts thorough internal investigations for these ‘ isolated incidents ’ , right ?
University of Chicago law professor Craig B. Futterman and the Invisible Institute conducted a study on the 10,149 complaints against the C.P.D. filed between 2002 and 2004 — 40 % more than the national average — for “ actions including excessive force , illegal search and arrests , racial abuse and sexual abuse ” .
The study found that 0.5 % of excessive force complaints were “ sustained ” by the department , “ compared to the 2002 national average of 8 % , ” the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University reported .
“ That means C.P.D. complaints are 94 % less likely to be followed through than those against other police departments . ”
According to the study , between May 2001 and May 2006 :
662 officers each racked up more than 10 complaints of police abuse
3,113 officers received four to 10 complaints
some officers compiled more than 50 complaints
75 % of “ repeaters have never faced disciplinary action
The study charges the C.P.D. with allowing its ‘ members ’ — with the new privilege to shoot more people under the protection of The Blue Wall — that have “ criminal tendencies to operate with impunity ” .
“ The way in which C.P.D. investigates police abuse is a joke , ” Prof. Futterman told Medill Reports .
The Chicago Working Class Thug Squad ’s message is clear : submit or die , ‘ all your liberty are belong to us ’ because we wear matching blue costumes .
This is PSYOPS on steroids — literally .
In light of the highly publicized liberty rape of Prof. Henry Louis Gates , civil liberties attorney Harvey Silvergate asked , in an amazing piece at Forbes ( h/t : Anthony Gregory ) , “ Why do we as a society so often ignore traditional notions of First Amendment freedom to speak one ’s own notion of truth to power when one party to the confrontation is wearing a uniform , a badge and a gun ? ”
Answer : the gun .
“ The First Amendment freedom to speak one ’s own notion of truth to power ” is the freedom [ sic ] to call for ‘ government ’ to constantly justify its uses and abuses of non-self - justifying authority .
But , all ‘ government ’ is , is a bunch of people with guns .
It really is that simple .
The ‘ government ’ is n’t your friend , your servant , your defender , your provider ; it ’s a looting and killing gang of immoral , illegitimate primates with guns .
“ There are only two means by which men can deal with one another : guns or logic .
Force or persuasion , ” Ayn Rand famously said , over and over again .
“ Those who know that they cannot win by means of logic , have always resorted to guns . ”
UPDATE :
The Chicago City Council has not cleared this policy , but the only issue among the powers that be seem to be financial — weighing the costs of police misconduct v. the ‘ pros ’ pushed by the C.P.D. The C.P.D. superintendent making such an announcement with the department spokesperson performing such a local PR blitz seems to have nullified the moral issue .
“ There ’s rarely a Finance [ Committee ] meeting that goes by without a settlement of a police case due to excessive force , wrongful imprisonment , false arrest , ” Finance Committee Chairman Edward M. Burke ( 14th Ward ) said .
“ There ’s a plethora of these cases out there , ”
The Chicago Police Office of News Affairs “ stressed the review process ” of this policy is “ ongoing ” .
The Tribune Company — via WGN and the Chicago Tribune — report the C.P.D. is backtracking — “ considering ” the policy change and Mr. Weis is ‘ reviewing ’ the policy .
1610s , " worship , homage " ( a sense now obsolete ) ; 1670s , " a particular form or system of worship ; " from French culte ( 17 c. ) , from Latin cultus " care , labor ; cultivation , culture ; worship , reverence , " originally " tended , cultivated , " past participle of colere " to till " ( see colony ) .
The word was rare after 17 c. , but it was revived mid-19 c. ( sometimes in French form culte ) with reference to ancient or primitive systems of religious belief and worship , especially the rites and ceremonies employed in such worship .
Extended meaning " devoted attention to a particular person or thing " is from 1829 .
Cult .
An organized group of people , religious or not , with whom you disagree .
[ Hugh Rawson , " Wicked Words , " 1993 ]
Six Pack for a Desert Island
I recently ran across a couple articles where the writers listed what beers they would want if they were stranded on a desert island .
The first was from the guys at BeerAdvocate where they listed 5 beers .
The next one I came across took it to six and why not ?
A six pack is more noticable in the beer world .
So this got me thinking to what I would bring with me if I could take six beers on a desert island .
So here is my list .
1 . The first choice will have to be a nice refreshing wheat type beer .
These are always good on hot summer days and being on a desert island will definitely be a hot day .
It was a tough choice but I think I am going to go with Allagash White on this one .
It was tough because I think Ommegang Witte or Avery White Rascal would do good as well I just feel the great refreshing quality of Allagash White wins this one out .
2 . Next I ’m going to go with a nice easy to drink lager that is also refreshing .
To me this was a no brainer as I ’m going with Samuel Smith ’s Pure Brewed Lager .
A lot of other people say that Victory ’s Pils is great but we do n’t get that down here in Florida and I have not had it yet .
So I ’m going with what I have had and know .
3 . The next one may be a little odd but it is just so good .
I ’m going with Ommegang ’s Chocolate Indulgence Stout .
Yeah you would n’t really think of stouts being something to take but this is a lot thinner in body than most stouts and is just wonderfully made .
4 . I got to have a nice hoppy beer of course and I ’m going to agree with one of the other lists and take Bell ’s Two Hearted Ale .
This to me is the perfect example of an IPA and one that I recommend to people that have never had an IPA before .
It does n’t go overboard and just does everything right .
5. I ’ll take Captain Sig ’s Northwestern Ale from Rogue next .
It is just a great flavored beer that is not too heavy and just very smooth .
Plus the water theme adds to it .
6. Lastly I ’m going to go with Spaten Oktoberfest Ur- Marzen .
Many people do n’t think this compares to a lot of the other marzens out there but I just love this one .
It ’s sweet and malty and just goes down easy .
It is exactly what I would want to be drinking at Oktoberfest , if my local one actually carried Spaten products .
I tried to stay away from heavy beers on this as I am on a desert island for the scenario .
I went with mostly refreshing and easy to drink beers that would make the hot days a little easier .
I want to hear what your six pack would be .
Leave a comment and let me know !
Bee Goes Humor , Intentionally
Fun ! Bee ! Laugh !
( By Jacquelyn Martin - AP )
All day , I was literally lol'ing from the front row of the press seating at the Spelling Bee , as one sentence after another just crushed in an audience more used to trembling tension than goofy stand - up .
The hilarity was noticed by just about everyone in attendance ; Chris McKendry spoke about it several times on the ESPN broadcast , and longtime Bee reporters said this was clearly the funniest the " please use it in a sentence " sentences had ever been .
Turns out this was a conscious and deliberate move by the organizers , who were trying to jazz up an event that has n't always been long on humor , or at least , intentional humor .
" Sentences have been part of the Bee for years and years , " Tim King , a Bee spokesman , told me .
" This year , we just punched them up with some humor to make the event more entertaining for the audiences , both here and at home . "
The decision to add some flavor , he said , was made by Bee director Paige Kimble several months ago .
The order was passed on down to the committee whose group effort produces the sentences .
King said no outside humor writers were hired , to his knowledge , but the results were nevertheless obvious , and never more so than on the word kalium .
" Kalium ?
I hardly know him , " the pronouncer , Dr. Jacques Bailly , actually said , in what I would have sworn was his best effort to land a stand - up gig .
" Everything is scripted , " Bailly told me later .
" Just kind of having fun . "
" That one caught me off guard , " said King , the spokesman .
" I thought he ad - libbed that , he delivered it that well . "
" Hysterical , " said McKendry , who is doing her seventh Bee , when I asked about this year 's sentences .
" This was by far the funniest .
It was almost like going to a kids ' movie , when the humor is kind of innocent , but a little adult . "
Which was , in fact , the perfect comparison ; the jokes were extraneous to the plot , required constant attention , and seemed to please the parents and media members more than anyone else .
It got to the point where I was kind of bitter when the spellers did n't ask for a sentence , because I wanted to be entertained .
Especially on clotrimazole , the anti-fungal agent .
That would have been fun .
So , is the humor here to stay ?
Have the lol 's been judged a success ?
" We 'll leave that up to the audience , " said King .
" Count on more of it tonight at 8 ' clock .
If [ viewers ] do n't notice , we did n't do our job right . "
And now , some of my favorite sentences .
I was typing as fast as I could , but there could be a word off here or there .
The Bee declined to provide an exact list of the sentences .
Fedelini ( " Pasta smaller than vermicelli " ) .
Sentence : " David did n't expect much in relationships , only that fedelini be spooned into his mouth and he be fanned with a palm frond . "
Hebdomadally ( " Weekly " ) .
Sentence : " Stacey told Adam his dating prospects would improve greatly if he started bathing more than just hebdomadally . "
Toile ( Some sort of twill weave fabric ) .
Sentence : " Either the toile upholstered sofa goes , or I do . "
( " My husband submitted that , " McKendry joked on the air , after that dandy . )
Deloul ( " A swift Arabian riding camel " ) .
Sentence : " While most people could ignore the sheikh 's sudden weight gain , his deloul did not have that luxury . "
Sheol ( " A subterranean world of darkness " ) .
Sentence : " Aaron awoke from a dream thinking he was in sheol , but realized it was still seventh - period biology . "
Skeuomorph ( Some sort of ornamental object ) : Sentence : " In honor of her 20 years at Taco Bell , Rosalind was presented with a skeuomorph . "
Kichel ( A Jewish dessert ) .
Sentence : " The thought of someone kvetching about her kichel gave Meryl the spilkes . "
( I mean , there were n't too many Jews in the auditorium , but we were all pretty thrilled with that one . )
Noisette ( Some sort of meat ) .
Sentence : " Gail could n't keep her eyes off the piece of noisette in her date 's teeth . "
Haskell ’s prefix and infix notations
Like any other language out there , Haskell has possibility for basic arithmetic operations – addition , subtraction , multiplication , division .
As I said in my prelude , there are languages in which these operations are represented by special operators and languages in which they are well respected citizens and have function status .
Haskell is a gentleman and treats arithmetic operators as functions .
This may seem weird at first if all of your experience is with main - stream languages like any of the C family of languages .
In Lisp , having , let ’s say + as a function , was easy ( although it looked a little bit awkward at first ) because its place was n’t between the two arguments , but rather in front of them :
;; Lisp code ;; evaluates to 3 (+ 1 2 )
Haskell employs a clever concept in order to have basic arithmetic operators as first class citizens ( i.e. functions ) , while still allowing us to write code in a traditional manner , with the operator placed in between the operands :
Prelude > 1 + 2 3
The cleverness I was talking about is that Haskell offers the possibility to call functions in two different notations :
infix notation , the function is placed in between the arguments prefix or polish notation , what we ’re used to with functions from main - stream languages
Because of this possibility we can write our additions to use polish notation too , almost as in Lisp :
Prelude > (+) 1 2 3
As you may have noticed , in this case , the function must be enclosed in parenthesis , for the convenience of the compiler I believe , but this is an exception from the rule .
The normal rule states that functions used with the infix notation must be enclosed between two backtick characters .
Prelude > let add a b = a + b Prelude > add 1 2 3 Prelude > 1 `add` 2 3
Under this new light , it makes perfect sense for arithmetic functions to not obey the standard rule for invoking functions using infix notation .
Having to write 1 `+` 2 would be really awkward .
Much more awkward than Lisp ’s solution in my opinion .
Special rules when using negative numbers
Now , there ’s one more thing to mention about Haskell ’s arithmetic implementation .
There is an issue with using negative numbers in compound calculations .
Normally , in Haskell , a negative number is written as in any other language we know about .
For example : - 1 .
The minus operator is Haskell ’s only unary arithmetic operator ( or not ? ) , i.e. it takes a single argument .
Further more , it has the same level of precedence as the + function .
Because of this precedence level , we ca n’t write :
Prelude > 1 + - 1 < interactive >: 1:0 : precedence parsing error cannot mix `(+ ) ' [ infixl 6 ] and prefix ` -' [ infixl 6 ] in the same infix expression
Having both an addition and a subtraction in the above code , Haskell does not know which of them to apply first .
So we have to enclose the negative number in a couple of parenthesis :
Prelude > 1 + ( -1 ) 0
That was all for today ’s infix and prefix / polish notation used for calling Haskell functions .
References
P.S. While writing this post I realized that the statement “ The minus operator is Haskell ’s only unary arithmetic operator ” , which appears in Real World Haskell may be a little wrong .
I ’m going to write about this in a future post .
Theory and practice of menus reversing
Papers June 1999 by + Spath .
Courtesy of Fravia 's pages of reverse engineering fra_00xx
980616
+ Spath
0110
PA
AD
A worthy addition for our papers section .
I hope that many Fravias will build on this and offer us additions and ameliorations and suggestion , so that we will be able to produce some ' basic ' reversing papers ( menus , save / save us crippled , internet background connections , printer smearing , etcetera ) that could be used as ' quick reference ' by fellolw Fravias all around the word ...
Note also the lookup table reversing and the quick crack of Jeremy Likness ' software cracking challenge .
Unfortunately the file I downloaded is corrupted , and therefore you 'll miss a small part at the bottom .
I 'm sure that + Spath will soon send the missing snippet .
Enjoy !
Advanced
There is a crack , a crack in everything
That 's how the light gets in Rating ( ) Beginner ( X ) Intermediate ( x ) Advanced ( ) Expert
Theory and practice of menus reversing
Written by + Spath .
Introduction
This text is an introduction to functions disabled programs ; I wrote it because I did not find any essay describing both graphical ( menus related ) and system ( messages related ) parts of this problem .
My goal here was to explain basically how menus work and to give a few tips and examples , so that any beginner can start working in the right direction .
As you may have already understood , I 'm not a native english speaker , so please forgive my mistakes .
I ) MENUS 1 ) Creating a menu 2 ) Modifying a menu
3 ) Reversing a menu definition II ) WINDOWS MESSAGES 1 ) Messages and Windows 2 ) Messages to an application III ) REVERSING A FUNCTION -DISABLED TARGET 1 ) Before you start 2 ) A few tips IV ) HANDS ON 1 ) CAP 1.0 2 ) Sigmastat 2.0 3 ) Bestwin 4 ) Flipper
Tools required
Target 's URL / FTP
Program History
Essay
I ) WINDOWS MENUS 1 ) Creating a menu Menus can be created using either a menu template or menu creation functions .
- Creating menus using a menu template :
This is the most common method ; most of the times menu templates are defined as resources and are contained in a separate file from real source code .
A menu template completely defines a menu , including all functions , separators and all submenus .
Here 's a typical C/ ASM menu template : IDR_MENU1 MENU DISCARDABLE BEGIN POPUP " File " BEGIN MENUITEM " & Open . .. " , ID_BROWSE MENUITEM " & Execute " , ID_EXECUTE GRAYED MENUITEM SEPARATOR MENUITEM " E&xit " , ID_CANCEL END END
This defines a menu bar that contains one popup menu , named File ( from here on , popup menus will be refered to as menus ) .
In this menu , some items are defined , as well as a separator ( that cause a horizontal line to be drawn between two menu items ) .
Each item is described using this format : MENUITEM String , MenuID [ Options ]
String : the menu item 's characters enclosed in " " .
The '& ' symbol before a letter means that this letter will be underlined in the menu ( most of the times to indicate a keyboard shortcut ) .
MenuID : a number that becomes the low word of the wParam that is passed with the WM_COMMAND message ( I will discuss that in details later ) .
Options : how the item is to appear : CHECKED , GRAYED ( inactive and gray ) , INACTIVE ( inactive ) , MENUBARBREAK , MENUBREAK ( both place item on new line ) .
- Creating menus at run-time :
Using menu creation functions , you can create menus at run time or add menu items to existing menus .
You first can use the CreateMenu ( ) function to create an empty menu bar and the CreatePopupMenu ( ) function to create an empty menu .
Then , to add items to a menu , AppendMenu ( ) , InsertMenuItem ( ) and InsertMenu ( ) can be used : AppendMenu ( ) just appends a menu item to the end of a menu or submenu , while the two other ones let you insert a menu item at a specified position .
Both functions allow you to specify the attributes of the menu item , including whether it is enabled , disabled , grayed , checked , or unchecked .
After a menu has been loaded or created , it must be assigned to a window .
The first method is to do it at class ' registration : before creating a window , a program must register its class to Windows via RegisterClass ( ) or RegisterClassEx ( ) .
The parameter of these functions is a pointer to a WNDCLASS or WNDCLASSEX structure : typedef struct _WNDCLASS { typedef struct _WNDCLASSEX { UINT style ; UINT cbSize ; WNDPROC lpfnWndProc ; UINT style ; int cbClsExtra ; WNDPROC lpfnWndProc ; int cbWndExtra ; int cbClsExtra ; HANDLE hInstance ; int cbWndExtra ; HICON hIcon ; HANDLE hInstance ; HCURSOR hCursor ; HICON hIcon ; HBRUSH hbrBackground ; HCURSOR hCursor ; LPCTSTR lpszMenuName ; HBRUSH hbrBackground ; LPCTSTR lpszClassName ; LPCTSTR lpszMenuName ; } WNDCLASS ; LPCTSTR lpszClassName ; HICON hIconSm ; } WNDCLASSEX ;
The lpszMenuName parameter of this structure describes which menu will be associated to a window of this class ( created with CreateWindow ( ) or CreateWindowEx ( ) ) .
The other method is to assign the menu after the window has been created , which can be done with SetMenu ( ) .
Just a remark about context menus ( also called floating menus ) , which are the ones that are activated by right mouse button : they are most of the time displayed via TrackPopupMenu ( ) or TrackPopupMenuEx ( ) when a WM_CONTEXTMENU message is processed .
2 ) Modifying a menu
Several functions enable you to change menus or menuitems after they have been loaded or created .
- SetMenuItemInfo( ) allows you to change the attributes of an existing menu item ; attributes include its type , state , identifier , submenu , bitmaps , item data , and text .
Before modifying a menu , GetMenuItemInfo( ) can be used to retrieve informations about an item .
This function returns a MENUITEMINFO structure , which specifies the attributes to retrieve and receives their current values .
- ModifyMenu ( ) replaces the specified menu item with a new item .
It can be used to enable , disable , gray , check or uncheck the text string or the bitmap of a menu item .
- EnableMenuItem ( ) , the very famous one : this function specifically exists to enable , disable , or gray a menu item .
EnableMenuItem ( HMENU hMenu , // handle to menu UINT uIDEnableItem , // menu item to enable , disable , or gray UINT uEnable // menu item flags ) ;
The menu item flag contains two informations , the action to perform on the item and the selecting method : MF_ENABLED ( 00h ) : the function can be used .
MF_GRAYED ( 01h ) : the function is grayed and cannot be chosen .
MF_DISABLED ( 02h ) : the function is not grayed , but clicking does nothing ( no WM_COMMAND message is sent ) .
MF_BYCOMMAND ( 00h ) : uIDEnableItem gives the menuID of the menu item ( this is the default method ) .
MF_BYPOSITION ( 400h ) : uIDEnableItem gives the zero - based relative position of the menu item .
To gray an item , you usually use 03h ( MF_GRAYED + MF_DISABLED ) - DeleteMenu( ) or RemoveMenu( ) to delete a menu item from a menu , function .
If the item being deleted is one that opens a submenu , DeleteMenu ( ) deletes the associated submenu , discarding the menu handle and freeing the memory used by the submenu .
The RemoveMenu ( ) function deletes a menu item , but if the item opens a submenu , the function does not destroy the submenu or its handle , allowing the submenu to be reused .
3 ) Reversing a menu definition Let 's take the sample resource file of 1 ) and compile it : here 's how it looks like in the EXE file : 10 00 46 00 69 00 6C 00-65 00 00 00 00 00 E8 03 .. F.i.l.e.......
26 00 4 F 00 70 00 65 00-6E 00 2E 00 2E 00 2E 00 &.O.p.e.n.......
00 00 00 01 EA 03 26 00-45 00 78 00 65 00 63 00 ......&. E.x.e.c. 75 00 74 00 65 00 00 00-00 00 00 00 00 00 80 00 u.t.e...........
02 00 45 00 26 00 78 00-69 00 74 00 00 00 00 00 .. E.&.x.i.t..... which can be decoded this way , if you remove the widechar format : 10 h " File " 00h , 03E8h , " & Open . . . "
01h , 03EAh , " & Execute " 80 h 00h , 0002h , " E&xit " The main modification of the resources ( apart from the wide char format ) is the inversion of the parameters ( the order is now Options , MenuID , String ) .
Before each option , you see the low word of the wParam value of the WM_COMMAND message that will be sent to the application when the function is selected ; this value is equal to the MenuID value defined in the resource file .
Documented options values correspond to the associated item flags : they are grayed ( 01h ) , inactive ( 02h ) , checked ( 08h ) , menubarbreak ( 20h ) , menubreak ( 40h ) .
No option corresponds to value 00h , which means that the item is active .
As you see , each option use only one bit of the byte , to ease combination ( for instance , 09h is grayed + checked ) .
Other values are : 04h ( MF_BITMAP ) to use a bitmap as the menu item .
10 h ( MF_POPUP ) must be used for menu definition , it just crash USER .EXE when used with an item .
80 h ( MF_HILITE ) is used for menuitem separators .
With the resource file of 1 ) , the Execute option is grayed ; so to enable it , we just have to replace the 01 ( 2 bytes before the " &Execute " string ) by 00 .
Now let 's see a VB menu definition : ... mnuFile .....& 05 07 00 6D 6E 75 46 69-6C 65 00 13 03 05 00 26 File .....&...... 46 69 6C 65 00 07 FF FF -02 26 00 00 00 06 0B 00 mnuFileSave .....
6D 6E 75 46 69 6C 65 53-61 76 65 00 13 03 0A 00 & Save Text ...... 26 53 61 76 65 20 54 65-78 74 00 08 13 00 FF 02 ....... mnuFileSe 1D 00 00 00 07 0C 00 6D -6E 75 46 69 6C 65 53 65 p_1.....-.....!. 70 5 F 31 00 13 03 01 00-2D 00 06 FF FF 02 21 D1 ..... mnuFileExit 00 00 08 0B 00 6D 6E 75-46 69 6C 65 45 78 69 74 ..... E&xit ......
00 13 03 05 00 45 26 78-69 74 00 08 11 00 FF 03 ........ mnuAbout 02 1E 00 00 00 09 08 00-6D 6E 75 41 62 6 F 75 74 ..... & About .....
00 13 03 06 00 26 41 62-6 F 75 74 00 07 FF FF 02 " ...... mnuAboutR 22 00 00 00 0A 0B 00 6D -6E 75 41 62 6 F 75 74 52 eg..... & Register 65 67 00 13 03 09 00 26-52 65 67 69 73 74 65 72 .......... mnuAbo 00 FF 02 1F 00 00 00 0B -0B 00 6D 6E 75 41 62 6 F utAbo ..... A&bout 75 74 41 62 6 F 00 13 03-06 00 41 26 62 6 F 75 74 ..........+@.... 00 FF 03 03 04 06 00 00-00 DC 2B 40 00 01 00 01
It can be interpreted this way : 05 0700 " mnuFile " 00 1303 0500 " File " 00 07FFFF02 2600 0000 06 0B00 " mnuFileSave " 00 1303 0A00 " &Save Text " 00 081300 FF
021D00 0000 07 0C00 " mnuFileSep_1"00 1303 0100 " - " 00 06FFFF02 21D1 0000 08 0B00 " mnuFileExit " 00 1303 0500 " E&xit " 00 081100 FF
03021E00 0000 09 0800 " mnuAbout " 00 1303 0600 " &About " 00 07FFFF02 2200 0000 0A 0B00 " mnuAboutReg " 00 1303 0900 " & Register " 00 FF021F00 0000 0B 0B00 " mnuAboutAbo" 00 1303 0600 " A&bout " 00 FF030304 0600 0000
Here 's a description of the fields : 1 : number of the item which will be defined .
2 : size of the next string .
3 : name of the menuitem as it has been entered during its creation in VB ; this is a 00 terminated string .
4 : special delimiter between the two strings ; these values are used to check that the strings ' sizes are correct .
5 : size of the next string .
6 : name of the item as it will be displayed .
Note that " - " is a special value reserved for menuitem separators ; this is also a 00 terminated string .
Other fields are left as targets for mighty Fravias ' curiosity . :)
Hey , but where are the MenuID values ?
Well , they are not stored here , actually we will see later that they are not stored at all ...
II ) WINDOWS MESSAGES 1 ) Messages and Windows
When you type a key or move the mouse , the corresponding device driver converts the input into messages and places them in the system message queue .
Then Windows gets messages from this queue , determines what window is currently active , and sends the message to the queue of the thread that created this window .
A message is a structure declared as : typedef struct MSG { HWND hwnd ; // handle of the window for whom the message is destined WORD message ; // type of message ( WM_COMMAND , WM_PAINT , ... ) WPARAM wParam ; // first parameter , depends on the type of message LONG lParam ; // second parameter , depends on the type of message DWORD time ; // time when the message occured POINT pt ; // location ( X , Y ) of the mouse when the message occured } Depending on which API you use ( Win32 or Win16 ) the contents of wParam and lParam and the size of wparam can vary .
For example , a WM_COMMAND message is : in Win16 : wParam ( 16 - bits ) - Identifier for the command lParam ( 32 - bits ) - LOWORD : Window handle , HIWORD : Special modifier in Win32 : wParam( 32-bits ) - LOWORD : Identifier , HIWORD : modifier lParam ( 32 - bits ) - Window Handle Note that Softice does not handle these subtelties , thus it sometimes recognizes wrong wParam and lParam values ( with accelerators for instance , see 2 ) ) .
Each thread of each application has an internal message queue , where Windows can put one or more messages ; then , the application retrieves the messages from the queue ( in the same order they have been put into ) and process them .
That means the application - reads the message from the queue by using GetMessage ( ) .
- translates keyboard messages ( key up / down ) into char messages by TranslateMessage ( ) .
- dispatches them to the appropriate window procedure by using DispatchMessage ( ) .
Actually , there are two ways Windows can send a message to an application : it can either place the message in the thread 's queue with PostMessage ( ) ( they are called queued messages ) or it can send it directly to a window procedure with SendMessage ( ) ( they are called nonqueued messages ) .
Queued messages include all user input messages ( like WM_MOUSEMOVE , WM_LBUTTONDOWN , WM_KEYDOWN , WM_CHAR , ... ) and some system messages ( WM_TIMER , WM_PAINT , WM_QUIT ) .
All these messages use a MSG structure .
For nonqueued messages , only the first four arguments ( ie not time and mouse position ) are passed , but if the window procedure needs them , it can get them via GetMessageTime ( ) and GetMessagePos ( ) .
Windows typically sends nonqueued messages to notify a window of events that affect it ( WM_ACTIVATE , WM_SETFOCUS , WM_SETCURSOR , ... ) or when an application calls certain Windows functions ( for example , Windows directly sends the WM_WINDOWPOSCHANGED message after an application uses the SetWindowPos ( ) function to move a window ) .
Note also that WM_PAINT is an exception to the FIFO message queue : this special message has the lowest priority , that means it is sent to the window procedure only when the queue contains no other message .
2 ) Messages to an application .
Now , the question is : how does an application know when Windows has put a new message in its queue ?
Well , it does not really know it .
Actually , the application is just stuck in an infinite loop where it keeps on retrieving and dispatching messages .
This is called the " message pump " or " message loop " , and its simplest form is : ; Process messages , quit when WM_QUIT received .
; msg_loop : push 0 ; maximum value of message to filter push 0 ; minimum value of message to filter push 0 ; handle of the window ( 0 = all messages ) push offset msgbuffer ; where to store the message call GetMessageA ; get the message from the queue and store it or eax , eax ; if eax=0 , WM_QUIT as been posted je end_loop ; in that case , we leave the app push offset msgbuffer ; where the message is stored call DispatchMessageA ; send message to window procedure jmp msg_loop ; loop ; Terminate program .
end_loop : push [ msgbuffer.msgWparam ] call ExitProcess
A window procedure is a function that receives and processes messages sent to the window .
Every window class has a window procedure , and every window created with that class uses that same window procedure to respond to messages .
Because a window procedure is shared by all windows belonging to the same class , it can process messages for several different windows .
To identify the specific window affected by the message , a window procedure can examine the window handle passed as first parameter of a message .
Window procedures are usually just a big ' CASE ' statement , where all types of messages are routed to different pieces of code : ;
The window procedure , where messages are routed .
; MainWndProc : mov eax , [ esp +8 ] ; get message type cmp eax , 0000000F ; is it WM_PAINT ?
je paint_client ; yes , go and paint something cmp eax , 00000111 ; is it WM_COMMAND ?
je execute_command ; yes , go to command procedure cmp eax , 00000201 ; is it WM_LBUTTONDOWN ?
je LeftMouseDown ; do something cmp eax , 00000001 ; is it WM_CREATE ?
je creating_window cmp eax , 00000002 ; is it WM_DESTROY je start_destroy jmp DefWindowProcA ; delegate other message processing Note that by default there is a call to DefWindowProcA ( ) .
This is the Windows default window procedure which MUST be called to handle any messages that a window procedure does not handle .
A program can have many windows and therefore many window procedures : when a message is not processed by the main window procedure , the message is passed to the next one via DispatchMessage ( ) .
We saw that a WM_KEYDOWN / WM_KEYUP combination of messages can be translated into a WM_CHAR message ( and reposted to the thread 's own queue ) by TranslateMessage ( ) .
But a WM_KEYDOWN can also be translated into a WM_COMMAND message by TranslateAccelerator ( ) , the function which processes accelerator keys for menu commands ( like Ctrl + C for copy ) .
Also , if the keyboard combination corresponds to a menu , WM_INITMENUPOPUP is sent to the application and the popup menu is opened .
Note that you can differentiate a WM_COMMAND message translated from a keyboard input from a message triggered by the mouse , since TranslateAccelerator ( ) sets the high - order word of the wParam parameter to 1 ; in this case , Softice wrongly thinks that it's the lparam hiword that is set .
In addition to the APIs we have covered , Windows has some other APIs that you should be aware of that let you perform various actions on messages and the message queue : PeekMessage ( ) - read messages in the queue without removing them .
RegisterWindowMessage ( ) - to declare specific message for your application .
WaitMessage ( ) - suspend the thread until a message is put on the queue .
C ) Messages and Menus
When the user activates an item on the menu bar , the owner window first receives a WM_SYSCOMMAND message .
This message includes a flag that indicates whether the user activated the menu by using the keyboard ( SC_KEYMENU ) or the mouse ( SC_MOUSEMENU ) .
Next , before displaying any menus , Windows sends the WM_INITMENU message to the window procedure so that an application can modify the menus before the user sees them .
Windows sends the WM_INITMENU message only once per menu activation .
When the user points to a menu item that opens a submenu , Windows sends to the owner window the WM_INITMENUPOPUP message before displaying the submenu .
Again , this message allows the application to modify the submenu before it is displayed .
Each time the user moves the highlighting from one item to another , Windows sends a WM_MENUSELECT message to the window procedure of the menu 's owner window .
This message identifies the currently selected menu item ; some applications ( Words , Wordpad , ... ) handle this message to display informations about the selected menu item at the bottom of their main windows .
When the user chooses an item from a menu , Windows sends a WM_COMMAND message to the window procedure .
The low - order word of the WM_COMMAND message 's wParam parameter contains the identifier of the chosen item .
The window procedure should examine the identifier and process the message accordingly .
For context menus ( opened by right button clicks ) , a WM_CONTEXTMENU message is sent , so that the application can process it and display its menu .
III ) REVERSING A FUNCTION DISABLED TARGET
1 )
Before you start
Before you even think about cracking a function - disabled program , you should check a few things : - is it the best solution ?
If you can register with a code or a keyfile , try this instead , because this will remove all visible ( and invisible so far ) annoyances and / or limitations in one row .
- is the code of the disabled functions in the program ?
If the code is not there , you will have to add it , and that 's a different challenge ...
There are many clues that can lead you to a conclusion , like the registration scheme , the imported APIs , some text strings , etc
Ok , for some reason you decided to crack it this way .
Now you must always keep in mind where you are and what you want to do ; basically , you will have to : - ungray the disabled function ( or make it appear ) in the menu .
- link this function to the correct piece of code .
Part one is most of the times fairly easy , and can lead to a typical error : you put a breakpoint on EnableMenuItem , find where the flag is stored and change it to MF_ENABLED .
Now you have ungrayed the function , so you 're pretty confident , but when you click ... nothing happens :(
That 's the second part , which can be more or less complicated , depending on how the program has been stripped : you must first find the piece of code that corresponds to the function , then you must find and modify the message loop or / and the window procedure .
2 ) A few tips
It 's quite easy to ungray a item , just have a look at the imported APIs , and find what is used to create and maybe modify the menus .
The main difficultys is to find where the message loop and the appropriate window procedure are .
A few ways to find a message loop : - via the the messages specific APIs , like GetMessageA ( ) , DispatchMessageA( ) or DefWindowProcA ( ) , that are almost always called in each message loop .
- via the message values : some message are always processed , like WM_COMMAND ( 0111h ) or WM_DESTROY ( 0002h ) .
So you can search for 00000111 in a disassembled listing to find a " cmp xxxx , 00000111h " , that may be the ' case WM_COMMAND ' statement .
- in SoftIce , with a BMSG command SoftIce 's BMSG breakpoint is quite useful to break on specific messages .
You can also log without poping the messages going to a window procedure with the ' L ' option ; note that the messages are logged in the SoftIce history buffer , so be sure to have a well chosen size .
Also use WMSG to have a list of messages recognised by SoftIce .
You can construct an equivalent BPX - style breakpoint using a conditional expression .
Use the HWND command to get the address of the window procedure , then use the following BPX command : bpx postmessagea if @ ( ss:esp+8 ) ==WM_COMMAND
A few ways to find a window procedure : - via the RegisterClass ( ) and RegisterClassExA ( ) functions .
The window procedure address is the second parameter ( for WNDCLASS ) and the third parameter ( for WNDCLASSEX ) , so some BPX RegisterClassA do " u @(@(ss : ( esp+4 ) ) + 4 ) ; d @(@(ss :( esp+4 ) ) + 24 ) " BPX RegisterClassExA do " u @(@(ss : ( esp+4 ) ) + 8 ) ; d @ ( @(ss :( esp+4 ) ) + 28 ) " will display the registered class and unassemble the piece of code of the corresponding window procedure .
Also watch for CreateWindowA ( ) and CreateWindowExA ( ) .
Actually , this is interesting only if you find window procedures that belongs to the target ; most of the times , it will not be the case , because the application will use system or application global classes ( from Windows , MFC , ... ) .
- with Softice , with HWND and CLASS : the first function gives informations about all windows of a process , including the window procedure address : : hwnd Window Handle hQueue SZ QOwner Class Name Window Procedure 0080 (0 ) 206 F 32 MSGSRV32 # 32769 ( Desktop ) 17CF:00004C44 ^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
The second function gives informations about the classes used by a process : : class notepad Handle Class Name Owner Wndw Proc Styles
--------------------------
Application Private ----------------------------- 403C Notepad NOTEPAD 1467:00000350 07001000 ---------------------------
Application Global
-----------------------------
401C SysAnimate32 COMCTL32 1467:000000 FE 03004008 400C msctls_hotkey32 COMCTL32 1467:000000E8 03004000 3A04 msctls_progress32 COMCTL32 1467:000000D2 03004003 ...
A very underestimated command is " HWND - X " , which gives you all the informations you need about a window ; here 's an example : : hwnd -x notepad Window Handle : ( 01B8 ) Level ( 1 ) Parent : 16E7:000204CC
Child : 16E7:000235D8 Next : 16E7:00024F7C
Owner : NULL Window RECT : ( - 4 , -4 ) - ( 804,576 ) Client RECT : ( 0,38 ) - ( 800,572 ) hQueue : 238 F Size : 32 QOwner : NOTEPAD hrgnUpdate : NULL wndClass : 16E7:4184 Class : Notepad hModule : NOTEPAD ( 1A07 ) lpfnWndProc : 1467:0000033A ... - with a BPR on the code of the application : when the DispatchMessage ( ) function is called , you leave the message loop and start executing some code of the USER32 DLL .
Most of the cases , the next piece of code of the application that will be executed is the window procedure .
Even if the window procedure 's entry point is not contained in the application , this kind of breakpoint on the application is always interesting .
Note that you can easily find the memory space used as message queue , since it uses its own selector .
Here 's an example : : task TaskName SS:SP StackTop StackBot StackLow TaskDB hQueue Events Stat32d 0000:0000 00CFD000 00D00000 2D1E 2B27 0000 ... ^^^^ :ldt 2b27 Sel. Type Base Limit DPL Attributes 2B27 Data16 80155B80 0000009 F 3 P RW The message queue for the Stat32d application start at address 80155B80 and is 160 bytes large .
For details about how messages are stored in the message queue 's memory space , read Matt Pietrek 's book ( or files ) .
Finding the piece of code corresponding to a missing function can be the most difficult part of the job , because here you have to mostly use your intuition .
Hopefully , most applications use the standard Windows dialog boxes for opening , printing and saving files .
These are the COMDLG32 DLL's GetOpenFileName ( for Open ) , GetSaveFileName ( for Save and SaveAs ) , PrintDlgA ( for Print ) .
IV ) HANDS ON 1 ) Cryptographic Analysis Program ( CAP ) 1.0 Location : www.plu.edu/~spillmrj/cap.html
Description : a basic cryptanalyis tool Limitations : Save , SaveAs and Print functions are disabled Language : delphi
To register , you must send to the author a number ( derived from your HD number ) and he sends you back the correct code : a very nice thing for us , because we are sure we already have all the code .
Let 's have a look at the imported APIs : for the " menus " part , we have everything we want : CreateMenu( ) , EnableMenuitem ( ) , InsertMenu ( ) , RemoveMenu ( ) , SetMenu ( ) , ...
The message part is interesting : we find no GetMessage ( ) imported , but the message queue is tested with PeekMessage ( ) ( maybe a specificity of delphi ? )
Let 's put a breakpoint on EnableMenuItem ( ) to see what functions are disabled : since MF_GRAYED value is 01 , we just have to break for any flag whose bit 0 is set , that means with a : BPX EnableMenuItem IF ( ( @(ss : ( esp+0 c ) ) &1 ) ==1 )
Here are the calls to EnableMenuItem ( ) that trigger the breakpoint : MenuId 0588 058C 058C 058C 05D4 05D4 0614 0614 0620 0620 Fct
Id 20 04 05 07 49 4A 51 52 56 57 Flag 03 03 03 03 03 03 03 03 03 03
In this case , all these functions are grayed and disabled ( 03h ) .
He , but we see that only in menu 058C we find 3 disabled functions whose Fct Id values ( 04 , 05 , 07 ) correspond to the order of the 3 disabled functions we are interested in ( Save , SaveAs , Print ) .
With the STACK command , we find out that EnableMenuItem is invoked from 42639B for these 3 functions .
:00426383 mov eax , dword ptr [ 4*eax+004996D8 ] ; flag :0042638A or eax , 00000000 :0042638D push eax :0042638E movzx eax , word ptr [ esi+34 ] :00426392 push eax ; function id :00426393 mov eax , edi :00426395 call 00426194 :0042639A push eax ; menu handle :0042639B Call EnableMenuItem
At line 426383 , a lookup table seems to be used to get the flag corresponding to every function ; for our 3 disabled functions , eax=0 and ds :[ 4996D8]=03 is used each time .
Let 's take Hiew , and change this byte at .996D8 into 00 : now , all these functions are enabled .
Let 's disassemble the program and search for an line containing 0111 ( WM_COMMAND ) in the disassembled listing ; here 's what we find : :00423177 cmp dword ptr [ edx+04 ] , 00000111 ; is it WM_COMMAND ?
:0042317 E je 004231A0 ; yes : go on :00423180 mov esi , dword ptr [ edx+04 ] :00423183 cmp esi , 00000200 :00423189 jle 00423193 :0042318B cmp esi , 0000020A :00423191 jle 004231A0
Do you notice how the range 200 - 20A has a special meaning for this piece of code ?
Well , a quick look at our message reference shows that this range contains all mouse related messages .
This means that this piece of code is very likely to be a part of the message processing .
So let just put a breakpoint to pop on any WM_COMMAND message : : bpx 42317E if ( ZFL==true )
Now we click on Save ... the breakpoint is triggered .
Let 's trace a bit to see how the message will be processed .
As expected , we soon reach a DispatchMessageA ( ) procedure , where the message is sent to the appropriate window procedure .
To find this procedure , let 's do something elegant , that means a little " breakpoint combo " : :bc * :map32 cap_prj Owner Obj Name Obj# Address Size Type CAP_PRJ CODE 0001 0137:00401000 0009753C CODE RO ...
So we know that the code of this program is stored in memory between 137:401000 and 137:49853C ;
I therefore put a bpr on this zone so that any piece of code from CAP_PRJ that is executed will trigger this breakpoint .
Then , :bpr cs:401000 cs:49853c r :bd 0 : bpx 42317E if ( ZFL==true ) do " g DispatchMessageA ; be 0 ; g " The breakpoint at 42317E will trigger first when a WM_COMMAND message will be received .
Then , it will process to the next DispatchMessageA procedure , enable the first breakpoint and run .
From here only the code from DispatchMessageA ( ) and its subprocedures will be executed , so BP0 will trigger on the first opcode executed from CAP_PRJ , which must be the window procedure entry point .
The breakpoint is triggered at 428F48 ; if we trace a bit , we find this piece of code : :004266B4 push ebx :004266B5 cmp byte ptr [ eax +2D ] , 00 ; test a value :004266B9 je 004266CC
; leave if 0 :004266
BB cmp word ptr [ eax +62 ] , 0000 ; test another value :004266C0 je 004266CC
; leave if 0 :004266C2 mov ebx , eax :004266C4 mov edx , eax :004266C6 mov eax , dword ptr [ ebx+64 ] :004266C9 call [ ebx+60 ] :004266 CC pop ebx :004266CD ret Let 's see what happens at 4266B4 when we try a few options in the menu : Function Status EAX [ EAX+2D ] [ EAX+62 ]
---------------------------------------------------
Open enabled 101ABD0 01 48 Save disabled 101AEDC 00 48 SaveAs disabled 101AE58 00 48 Print disabled 1019698 00 48 Exit enabled 1018108 01 48
It 's quite clear now , we just have to change the values at [ eax + 2D ] from 0 to 1 to enable the registered functions .
2 ) SigmaStat 2.0 Location : www.spss.com
Description : a statistical tool Limitations : Save disabled Language : C++ / MFC
This is a typical C++ program , but it uses the famous Microsoft Fundation Classes ( MFC 3.0 here ) , and that changes everything !
MFCs really add a shell around your application to completely handle interaction with the user : the message loop , the window procedures and even all the common functions of a File menu ( New , Save , Print ... ) are executed within the DLL .
Here 's how menus are handled by MFC : every time you click on a menu , - MFC gets the menu handle via GetMenu ( ) , then the number of items in this menu via GetMenuItemCount ( ) .
- for each item of this menu , it checks if this starts a submenu via GetSubMenu ( ) .
If a submenu is here , another sub - loop is entered , where it starts by getting the number of items via GetMenuItemCount ( ) .
- for each item in any menu / submenu , MFC gets the messageID associated to this item via GetMenuItemID ( ) and disable it if needed with EnableMenuItem ( ) .
Here 's this last part ( the ORD_3BF procedure at offset 6854h of MFC30. text segment ) ; this piece of code is executed for each item of each menu , and each time you select this menu : :7FB27848 cmp dword ptr [ esp +10],01 ; should we disable ?
:7FB2784D sbb eax , eax ; yes / no :7FB2784 F and eax,03 ; keep the two lower bits :7FB27852 mov ah,04 ; set MF_BYPOSITION :7FB27854 push eax ; pass the flag : 7FB27855 push dword ptr [ esi+08 ] ; choose the function : 7FB27858 push dword ptr [ ecx+04 ] ; choose the menu :7FB2785B Call EnableMenuItem ; enable or disable it See what happens ?
If the value at [ esp+10 ] is zero , then the carry flag is set and the SBB EAX , EAX instruction sets EAX at 0 minus 1 = FFFFFFFFh .
If the value at [ esp+10 ] is not zero , then the carry flag is not set and EAX is set to 0 .
As a result , the EAX value passed as flag is either 0403h ( if [ esp+10 ] was 0 ) or 0400h ; as usual , the two lower bits are the most important ones for us .
Tracing back where the [ esp+10 ] value is set to 0 , we quickly find this interesting piece of code : :0040D599 mov [ ebp-04 ] , ecx :0040D59C push 00 ; set the flag here !
:0040D59E mov eax , [ ebp+08 ] :0040D5A1 mov eax , [eax ] :0040D5A3 mov ecx , [ ebp+08 ] :0040D5A6 call [ eax ] ; call 7FB27836 ( to EnableMenuItem ) :0040D5A8 jmp 0040D5 AD ; stupid compiler flush the PIQ :( :0040D5 AD pop edi :0040D5 AE pop esi :0040D5 AF pop ebx
This piece of code can be found 3 times in the code of Stat32 , that 's right 3 times the same piece of code , separated by a bunch of useless CCh bytes ; obviously the Microsoft compiler use a standard " disable procedure " that is just put as many times as necessary in the application 's code .
Now there 's something very interesting about that : if we replace the " push 00 " by a " push 01 " , not only the items are enabled , but the corresponding functions are executed ... the job is done :)
Just for fun ( and knowledge ) , let 's see how messages are processed by MFC ; A breakpoint on GetMessageA ( ) gives us the location of the message loop ( in MFC30 DLL ) : :7FB24CEF push edi :7FB24CF0 lea esi , [ ecx+30 ] :7FB24CF3 mov edi,ecx :7FB24CF5 push 00 ; ( 0,0,0 ) <= > get all the :7FB24CF7 push 00 ; messages :7FB24CF9 push 00 :7FB24CFB push esi ; message buffer offset :7FB24CFC call GetMessageA ; get message from the queue :7FB24D02 test eax , eax ; WM_QUIT received ?
:7FB24D04 jz 7FB24D31 ; yes : leave program :7FB24D06 cmp dword ptr [ edi+34],0000036A ; message 36A received ?
:7FB24D0D jz 7FB24D29 ; yes : ignore it :7FB24D0 F push esi :7FB24D10 mov eax , [ edi ] :7FB24D12 mov ecx , edi :7FB24D14 call [ eax +38 ] ; handling of 201h and 202h :7FB24D17 test eax , eax ; ( mouse - related messages ) :7FB24D19 jnz 7FB24D29 :7FB24D1B push esi :7FB24D1C call TranslateMessage ; translate keyboard inputs :7FB24D22 push esi :7FB24D23 call DispatchMessageA ; send message to wndproc :7FB24D29 mov eax,00000001 :7FB24D2E pop edi :7FB24D2 F pop esi :7FB24D30 ret
Let 's try to break in this message loop when a WM_COMMAND message is received ; therefore we will watch the message buffer .
The ESI value at line 7FB24CFB is always 5D7048 , and this is pointing to a data section of Stat32d .
There starts a MSG structure where every message taken from the queue is temporarly stored before being processed ; at offset 4 of this structure is stored wParam .
So to break on a WM_COMMAND message we can use a : : bpx 7FB24D02 if ( @(ds : ( 5D704C ) ) ==0111 )
Now if we try the same combo as in CAP , we get lost , because we are just bouncing between MFC30 .DLL code and the program 's lookup table .
Let 's try the dead - listing method : we disassemble MFC30.DLL and use the same method , that means searching for " 00000111 " ; here 's the first hit : :7FB21074 cmp ebx , 00000111 ; 111h = WM_COMMAND :7FB2107A je 7FB2110C :7FB21080 cmp ebx , 0000004E ; 4Eh = WM_NOTIFY :7FB21083 je 7FB21138 :7FB21089 cmp ebx , 00000006 ; 06h = WM_ACTIVATE :7FB2108 C je 7FB21176
We can stop here , this is the good one .
Why ?
Because in every MFC application , message processing is splitted between the CCmdTarget objects that handles WM_COMMAND , WM_NOTIFY and WM_ACTIVATE ( CN_UPDATE_COMMAND_UI ) and the CWin objects that process most of the other Windows messages .
The values of the 3 first messages are found here , so this must be the piece of code we are looking for .
If we look 7FB2110C , it 's quite promising : : 7FB2110C mov ecx , [ecx ] :7FB2110E mov esi , [ ebp+10 ] ; lParam is the first parameter :7FB21111 push esi ; :7FB21112 mov edi , [ ebp+0C ] ; wParam is the second one :7FB21115 push edi ; :7FB21116 mov [ ebp -14 ] , ecx :7FB21119 mov ecx , [ ebp - 10 ] :7FB2111C mov eax , [ ebp - 14 ] :7FB2111 F call [ eax + 48 ] ; call WM_COMMAND processing
Ok , now we trace a bit in the WM_COMMAND processing to find where all different messages are routed , and we quickly find this piece of code : :7FB29DBF push 00 :7FB29DC1 mov eax , [ esi ] ; get adress :7FB29DC3 push 00 :7FB29DC5 mov ecx , esi :7FB29DC7 push ebp :7FB29DC8 push edi :7FB29DC9 call [ eax + 14 ] ; execute the function
Look at this nice lookup table , it 's just a pure array of code offsets , which is the core of the message routing mechanism : :005E7664 72 87 5A 00 32 82 5A 00-C0 F4 44 00 2C 82 5A 00 r. Z.2.Z...D. , .Z. :005E7674 26 82 5A 00 20 82 5A 00 - 1A 82 5A 00 14 82 5A 00 &.Z. .Z... Z... Z. :005E7684 6C 87 5A 00 10 F1 44 00-02 82 5A
00 FC 81 5A 00 l.Z...D... Z... Z. :005E7694 F6 81 5A 00 66 87 5A 00 -EA 81 5A 00 E4 81 5A 00 .. Z.f.Z... Z... Z. :005E76A4 90 29 40 00 60 87 5A 00 - DE 81 5A 00 5A 87 5A 00 . ) @.`. Z...Z.Z.Z. :005E76B4 D2 81 5A 00 CC 81 5A 00-C6 81 5A 00 80 EF 44 00 .. Z...Z... Z...D. :005E76C4 BA 81 5A 00 54 87 5A 00 - AE 81 5A 00 A8 81 5A 00 .. Z.T.Z... Z... Z. :005E76D4 4E 87 5A 00 9C 81 5A 00-48 87 5A 00 42 87 5A 00 N.Z... Z.H.Z.B.Z. A trained eye could recognise this kind of lookup tables just by looking at the hex dump of the code section .
Indeed , since these are all word - aligned offsets to the application 's code , so you will always find 4 pairs of columns equal to " XX 00 " ( where XX is the first byte of the offset ) at offsets 2 , 6 , 10 and 14 of this table .
:map32 stat32d Owner Obj Name Obj# Address Size Type STAT32D .text 0001 0137:00401000 001D5784 CODE RO
Here , XX can have any value between 40h and 5Dh , which are all printable chars , but as you see most of the times you find ( " Z" ,00h ) pairs .
Reversing a MFC disabled target can be very painful , because most of the work is done in the DLL while , even if you switch to / from the application very often .
Not to mention that both MFC DLL 's code and the code inserted by MFC in your application are ugly .
3 ) BestWin Location : Fravia.org/jn_essay.htm
Description : an encryption tool Limitations : the Decrypt function is disabled ( that 's annoying :) Language : C ( compiled with a french version of lcc - win32 2.4 in his c:\lcc\bestwin directory :)
Before the fortress ' attack , Jeremy Likness proposed a software cracking challenge , quite pretentiously called " New Chaos Protection " , to protect an implementation of his encryption algorithm ( which is also weak btw , but that 's another story ) .
Here follows a description and a quick crack of his method .
A quick disassembly in W32dasm gives these interesting menu references : MenuID_0258 File { Popup} Encrypt [ ID=00C8h ]
Decrypt [ ID=00D2h ]
Set Key [ ID=00DCh ] Exit [ ID=012 Ch ]
The MenuID value for " Decrypt " is D2h , so let 's search for " 000000D2 " in the disassembled listing : :00402677 cmp dword ptr [ ebp+0C ] , 000000D2 ; Decrypt asked ?
:0040267E je 004026B1 ; yes : go on ... :004026B1 push 755647E4 :004026B6 call PROT._pGetFuncbyCode ; which code to run ?
:004026 BB add esp , 00000004 :004026 BE mov dword ptr [ ebp -04 ] , eax ; EAX = code offset :004026C1 call [ ebp -04 ] ; execute our code :004026C4 jmp 004026EA
When " Decrypt " is selected , BestWin asks PROT.DLL ( via PROT._pGetFuncbyCode ) which piece of code is associated to this function , then it runs it .
Let 's load BestWin in SoftIce to have a closer look at this _pGetFuncbyCode ... what ?
SoftIce is asking for source files ??
Looks like Jeremy forgot to remove the symbols :)
Let 's have a look : :sym .text ( 014F:00401000 , 00002B88 bytes ) 0137:00401ABA
_ Decrypt 0137:004028A4 _DefaultFunc 0137:00401E4 F _EnableDecrypt 0137:00401CC4 _SetKey ...
Hehehe , our job is done : the _Decrypt label at 401ABA is the beginning of the decryption routine .
Therefore , we only need to associate this piece of code to the " Decrypt " function of the menu in the WM_COMMAND message processing , just like that : 004026BE E8F7F3FFFF call 401ABA ; _ Decrypt procedure 004026C3 90 >
Transfer interrupted !
We also need to enable the Decrypt function in the menu ; _pGetFuncbyCode is also used to " hide " functions that does not belong to any menu .
For instance , when you set the key , this piece of code is run : :00401E1C push 75564714 :00401E21 call PROT._pGetFuncbyCode :00401E26 add esp , 00000004 :00401E29 mov dword ptr [ ebp+FFFFFBAC ] , eax :00401E2 F call dword ptr [ ebp+FFFFFBAC ]
If we are registered , the _EnableDecrypt function is executed , which ungray Decrypt in the menu .
If not , the infamous messagebox is displayed .
As you see , we did not even have to study PROT .
DLL to nullify this protection , we simply had to replace the relative calls by the absolute correct ones , just like this : 00401E2 F E81B000000 call 401E4F ; _ EnableDecrypt procedure 00401E34 90 nop
His protection is based on a dialog between the main program ( BestWin ) and its protection DLL ( PROT.DLL ) : first , the " you must register " messagebox is set as default function ( via PROT._SetDefaultFunc ) .
Then , when a registered item is selected , BestWin asks PROT.DLL ( via PROT._pGetFuncbyCode ) which piece of code to run .
If we are not registered , the offset of the default function is returned , and the evil message is displayed .
Another major error is that all the functions are first defined ( via PROT .
_AddFunc ) with the offset of the correct piece of code ( so that _pGetFuncby Code knows the correct offset to give back to registered users ) .
A pretty interesting idea , badly implemented : quite disappointing for such a hype name .
4 ) Flipper Location : crackmes.cjb.net
Description : crackme Limitation : File menu is grayed for the first 10 seconds Language : Visual Basic 5.0
Well , this is not a full " disabled functions " protection , but it is small and does everything we need to understand how VB handles menus .
Visual Basic handles all the GUI by itself , so that the coder has no idea what is done ; so we can assume that all VB programs define menus the same way .
All is done in the __vbaI4ErrVar function .
First some empty menus are created with CreateMenu ( ) .
Then each menu and each item are added with InsertMenuA ( ) ; note that all the parameters of InsertMenuA ( ) are stored in a structure based on EBP ; actually , EBP gets only two values in this piece of code , one for all the items and one for all the menus .
:0F05191A push [ ebp - 10 ] ; address of menuitem text string :0F05191D push [ ebp - 0C ] ; handle of the new item :0F051920 mov eax , dword ptr [ ebp - 08 ] ; get flag :0F051923 or ah , 04 ; add MF_BYPOSITION :0F051926 push eax ; pass the new flag :0F051927 push [ ebp+18 ] ; the position of the new item :0F05192A push [ ebp+0C ] ; menu handle :0F05192D call InsertMenuA
The first parameter ( menu handle ) is returned by a previous call to CreateMenu ( ) .
The second parameter ( position ) is always 0FFFFFFFFh , so that each new item is always appended to the existing menu .
The third parameter ( flag ) has a default value equal to 0 , which is reloaded after each item insertion .
The fifth parameter ( menuitem string ) is just copied from the menu definition ( see " Reversing a menu definition " ) .
The most interesting parameter is obviously the fourth one , the item 's message ID .
As we saw before , it 's not stored in the menu definition , contrary to what most of the other languages do .
Here VB is tricky , because it distributes message IDs at run-time , by this piece of code : :0F051834 mov eax , dword ptr [ ebx ] ; get previous ID message :0F051836 inc eax ; increment :0F051837 mov word ptr [ edi+000000D0 ] , ax ; :0F05183E mov dword ptr [ ebx ] , eax ; store new ID message
For instance , here 's the message distribution for this application : 1 : Menu " File " 2 : Item " SaveText " 3 : Item Separator 4 : Item " Exit " 5 : Menu " About " 6 : Item " Register " 7 : Item " About " It 's clear and simple ( something surprising from Visual Basic ) .
When you start the application , the " File " menu is grayed for 10 seconds .
A breakpoint on InsertMenuA ( ) show that when the menu is created , the flag used is 400h ( MF_BYPOSITION ) , so that the menu is enabled ; later , the menu is grayed using EnableMenuItem ( ) with a 403h flag .
After 10 seconds , the same API function is used again to ungray the menu .
For now , let 's skip the ungraying part and focus on the message routing ( you 'll see later why ) : : hwnd app1 Window Handle hQueue SZ QOwner Class Name Window Procedure 0E2C(1 ) 0D87 32 APP1 ThunderRT5 Form 1497:000007DE 0E30 ( 2 ) 0D87 32 APP1 Edit 1497:000007DE 0E34(2 ) 0D87 32 APP1 ThunderRT5 Timer 1497:000007 DE
... All window procedures ' adresses are pointing to the KERNEL DLL , so to find which part of app1 is involved in menu handling , we will use again a breakpoint on the application 's code : :map32 app1 Owner Obj Name Obj# Address Size Type APP1 . text 0001 014F:00401000 000069A4 CODE RO : bmsg 02EC WM_COMMAND do " bd * ; bpr 14f:401000 14f:408000 r ; g "
The breakpoint is triggered in MSVBVM50.DLL , at F03A2FD , where the adress of the window procedure is fetched from a table in app1 . :0F03A2F8 mov ecx , [ eax ] ; get table base address :0F03A2 FA mov eax , [ ebp+14 ] ; get item :0F03A2 FD push dword ptr [ eax * 4+ecx+0C ] ; calculate address :0F03A301 call 0F03A546 and if we trace a bit , we find this piece of code : :0F01E597 mov eax , dword ptr [ ebp+08 ] ; get address from stack ... :0F01E5A7 call eax ; go !
All the EAX values lead to a kind of table structure , where we jump to the real window 's procedure , after the first stack parameter is adjusted to a fixed value ( 4114C5 ) : :004024 FB sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 00000033 ; About item :00402503 jmp 00403B0A :00402508 sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 0000004F ; Register item :00402510 jmp 00403CC9 :00402515 sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 00000057 ; Exit item :0040251D jmp 00403DDF :00402522 sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 00000047 ; SaveText item :0040252A jmp 00403E43 :0040252 F sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 0000003F ; triggered each second :00402537 jmp 004040A1 ; during 10 s countdown :0040253C sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 0000004B :00402544 jmp 0040425E
For the SaveText item , we jump at 402508 , then at 403CC9 .
Now let 's find which piece of code we would like to execute : well , the rtcMsgBox is called at 404030 , and just a bit upper , we find this interesting API calls : :00403FE0 call __vbaFileOpen ... :0040400 F call __vbaPrintFile ... :00404029 call __vbaCloseFile and again a bit upper , this part : :00403E85 mov ax , word ptr [ 00408030 ] ; registered flag ... :00403E8D cmp ax , 03FB ; bigger than 3FBh ?
:00403EC4 jnl 00404035 ; yes : do nothing :00403ECA cmp ax , 001B ; smaller than 1Bh ?
:00403ECE jle 00404035 ; yes : do nothing :00403ED4 cmp ax , 00FE ; min registered value :00403ED8 jle 00404030 ; yes : go to rtcMsgBox Just change [ 408030 ] into FFh , and it 's done .
Ok , now let 's ungray this File menu : we saw that the initial state of this item is " enabled " , and that it is grayed afterwards .
And guess how ?
It 's done by using the same table : :004024D4 sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 00000037 ; gray File menu :004024 DC jmp 00403A04
This is a nice place to patch ; let 's replace this JMP to the graying function by a harmless one .
Oh , but look how the next lines look interesting : :004024E1 sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 0000 FFFF :004024E9 jmp 00403B00 :004024 EE sub dword ptr [ esp+04 ] , 0000 FFFF :004024F6 jmp 00403B05
Not only is the FFFFh value a bit strange , but between the two JMPed addresses there are only 5 bytes ; let 's see what code is at 403B00 : :00403B00 xor eax , eax :00403B02 ret 0004
Well , it looks harmless enough to me , so we just patch at 4024 DC to force a jump to this address , and everything works fine .
Most of the times , programs that display a message box for disabled functions are much easier to reverse than those that use grayed items .
Indeed , in this case , lazy protectionists will use a switch between real and fake code after message decoding instead of trying to ( for instance ) modify the menu definition .
Final Notes
I hope that you now have a good overview of how menus work ; of course , comments and corrections are welcome .
This is really a large subject , and there are still plenty of interesting things to talk about in this field ( subclassing , superclassing , adding functions , ... ) ; if you 're interested in this subject , I suggest that you have a look at +HCU project 6 and Fravia +'s filemon essays .
Good night , dear reader .
+ Spath . ( Spath@iname.com ) ( 05/99 ) Greetings : +ORC , Fravia+ , + Greythorne and all +HCU members .
+ Frog 's Print , BeLZeBuTH , Ethan , CyberbobJr , KellogS , Jeff , Rhayader , Eternal Bliss , CrackZ , Iczelion , Virogen .
All my admiration goes to Razzia+ , Stone , mammon_ , Iceman , Quine and especially to The Owl .
Thanks for giving me inspiration .
Ob Duh
I wont even bother explaining you that you should BUY this target program if you intend to use it for a longer period than the allowed one .
Should you want to STEAL this software instead , you do n't need to crack its protection scheme at all : you 'll find it on most Warez sites , complete and already regged , farewell , do n't come back .
You are deep inside Fravia 's page of reverse engineering , choose your way out :
Local foi encontrado por homens da Dcod e da Core no Morro da Coroa .
Foram apreendidos um fuzil AK 47 , radiotransmissores e farto armamento .
Depois de duas ' enfermarias ' usadas por traficantes baleados e uma estufa para cultivo de maconha , policiais encontraram nesta sexta - feira ( 24 ) uma ' oficina ' para conserto e manutenção de armas no Morro da Coroa , no Catumbi , no Centro do Rio .
Um fuzil AK 47 dourado , que estava em manutenção , armas desmontadas , farto material para montagem de armamento , lunetas e radiotransmissores foram apreendidos , segundo informou uma policial da Delegacia de Combate às Drogas ( Dcod ) .
Um homem foi detido para averiguação .
Além da Dcod , homens da Coordenadoria de Recursos Especiais ( Core ) também foram ao local e tiveram o o apoio do helicóptero Águia .
Na chegada dos agentes ao morro houve tiroteio .
Encontradas ' enfermarias '
Cada vez mais organizados , os traficantes das favelas do Rio contam agora com ' enfermarias ' para atender os baleados em operações .
Duas ' enfermarias ' foram encontradas em duas operações da Polícia Civil nesta semana , uma na favela de Manguinhos e outro no Jacarezinho .
Leia mais notícias do Rio
The Justice Department needs to investigate whether the secretiveness of Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program tainted terrorism prosecutions by hiding exculpatory evidence from defendants , an oversight report from five inspectors general warned Friday .
The report ( .pdf ) , mandated by Congress , also warned that President '
Bush 's post - 9/11 extrajudicial intelligence programs involved unprecedented collection of communications , and that the government needs to be careful about storing and using that data .
Senator Russ Feingold , Wisconsin Democrat who sits on the Intelligence committee , said the report showed the programs were " outrageous " and called for more declassification .
" This report leaves no doubt that the warrantless wiretapping program was blatantly illegal and an unconstitutional assertion of executive power , " Feingold said .
" I once again call on the Obama administration and its Justice Department to withdraw the flawed legal memoranda that justified the program and that remain in effect today . "
The government has only admitted to eavesdropping on calls and e-mails where one end was overseas and one person was suspected to be a terrorist .
It has never officially confirmed that it sucked in the telephone records of millions of Americans or eavesdropped wholesale on the internet , despite repeated media reports and confirmations from Congress members .
But the report makes clear that there were more intelligence programs that the so - called " Terrorist Surveillance Program " that the administration acknowledged after the New York Times revealed in December 2005 .
Senator Patrick Leahy ( D - Vermont ) said the report shed some light on the hidden legal machinations of the Bush administration 's secret spying programs , but that a nonpartisan commission was needed to really find out what happened .
" Without a thorough , independent review of decisions that run counter to our laws and treaties , we cannot ensure that these same mistakes are not repeated , " Leahy said .
The report comes exactly a year after Bush signed the FISA Amendments
Act into law after a protracted battle in Congress over whether the telecoms that aided in the secret spying should get immunity from civil lawsuits .
The Democrats , including then Senator and de-facto Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , eventually capitulated , granting immunity and giving the nation 's spooks broad powers to sift through communications in U.S. telecom hubs without court approval .
The law directed the inspectors general from the NSA , DoD , CIA , DoJ and Office of the Director of National intelligence to create reports explaining what the Bush spying programs entailed , and to create a single , unclassified summary .
The promised report reveals little new information about the program and the drama surrounding it .
After the 9/11 attacks , President Bush authorized several ultra-secret spying initiatives designed to thwart another terrorism attack .
Few were allowed to know of the program 's existence , and John Yoo , a Justice Department lawyer with close ties to the White House , was given the task of creating the legal rationale for the " President 's Surveillance Program . "
Yoo 's logic hinged on a belief , espoused most strongly by Vice President Dick Cheney , that the President 's wartime powers were nearly boundless .
Yoo was one of three in the Justice Department who knew about the spying programs .
Not even
Yoo 's boss knew what he was doing or that the programs existed .
Every 45 days the CIA or other intelligence group would write up terrorism threat summaries , later known as the " scary memos . "
Those created the justification for the President 's recurring authorizations , which contradicted the plain language of the nation 's wiretapping law .
That 1978 law , known as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , required court approval for spying wiretaps placed inside the United States and it is a felony to violate that law .
According to the consolidated unclassified report , the head of the NSA in 2001 , General Michael Hayden , took the White House 's legal assurances at their word and pulled together a small group of NSA employees .
He told them , " We are going to do exactly what he said and not one photon or electron more . "
But Yoo 's legal memos did not withstand scrutiny from other Justice department lawyers in 2003 , who found that his rationales were deeply flawed .
They also discovered that his descriptions of the programs were inadequate , meaning that some of the government 's activities had no legal justification whatsoever .
That led to a much publicized showdown that included a race to then Attorney General John Ashcroft 's hospital bed and a handwritten note , never delivered , from FBI director Robert Mueller .
That note said in part , " Should the President order the continuation of the FBI 's participation in the program , and in the absence of further legal advice from the AG , I would be constrained to resign as the Director of the FBI . "
The surveillance programs were saved at the last moment , using a different legal rationale .
Eventually the programs were submitted to the nation 's secret spying court , but they were quickly struck down as illegal , forcing the Bush Administration to finally go to Congress to expand its wiretapping authorities .
The Justice Department IG found that the program played only a " limited role in the FBI 's overall counterterrorism efforts , " but warned that the information collected by the program could have tainted criminal prosecutions .
It recommended that the Justice Department look hard to see if there was information collected by that program that should have been or should be turned over to defendants in terrorism cases .
By law , prosecutors have to give a defendant all relevant information about their case , including any evidence that helps a defendant prove they are innocent .
The report ends with a stern , albeit vague , warning about the scale and lingering effects of the program now that it has been legalized by Congress .
" The collection activities pursued under the PSP and under FISA following the PSP 's transition to that authority , involved unprecedented collection activities .
We believe the retention and use by Intelligence Community organizations of information collected under the PSP and FISA should be carefully monitored , " the report 's final lines read .
Update :
This story was update at 4:30 PM Pacific to include a quote from Senator Feingold .
See Also :
Dandelion Salad
connielane
May 24 , 2009
Rep. Dennis Kucinich speaks more truth !
Rep .
Kucinich would like to get Cheney under oath and question him about how he really contributed to our national insecurity !
Dick Cheney keeps saying “ enhanced interrogation ” was used to stop imminent attacks , but evidence is mounting that the real reason was to invent evidence linking Saddam Hussein to al - Qaeda !
Vodpod videos no longer available .
***
Kucinich : Bring Cheney before Congress to Testify Under Oath
Congressman Dennis Kucinich
Washington , May 21 , 2009
Congressman Dennis Kucinich D-OH , who led opposition to the war in Iraq and introduced legislation to impeach both Vice President Dick Cheney and President George Bush , made the following statement in response to an address by Mr. Cheney at the American Enterprise Institute today :
“ Today , Mr. Cheney gave a speech that immediately followed an address in which the President addressed his plans for prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay .
In his speech , Mr. Cheney argued that the events of 9/11 ‘ justify a sustained wartime effort . ’
“ Mr. Cheney is wrong .
The tragic events of 9/11 did not justify war in Iraq .
In fact , Mr. Cheney and others in the Bush administration manipulated the understandable shock and fear felt after the attacks of 9/11 to launch an unjustified war against Iraq .
“ Mr. Cheney also argued that the torture of captives held at Guantanamo Bay was justified because it extracted information from our enemies .
Again , Mr. Cheney is wrong .
America ’s moral standing in the world has undoubtedly diminished , as “ Gitmo ” has become an internationally recognized synonym for unlawful and immoral state action .
Torture does not protect us ; it surrenders that which makes us great . ”
Kucinich added , “ It is time that Mr. Cheney was brought before Congress and the American people to testify under oath to explain his false claims of weapons of mass destruction and his false claim of a link between Iraq and 9/11 .
Americans are waiting for the truth .
He should not be permitted to hide behind the rhetoric of fear . ”
see
The Obama - Cheney “ debate ” and the threat of dictatorship in America
Indefinite detention ?
Shame on you …
President Obama + Maddow Dissects Cheney ’s Speech
My Message To Obama : Great Speech , But No Military Commissions and No “ Preventive Detention ” by Andy Worthington
Seeing astronauts walking on the Moon insprired a generation that now is turning their attention back to space .
( credit : NASA ) Apollo ’s greatest achievement I was born the year of Sputnik , and my earliest memories of society swirl around silver suited astronauts and the promise of a bright future of gleaming spaceships and planetary homesteading .
When I was 11 , some 40 years ago this month , America ’s Apollo program achieved something so much larger than life — President Kennedy ’s goal of “ landing a man on the Moon , and returning him safely to Earth ” — that it seemed that future was already upon us .
As I see it , the greatest achievement of Apollo is the inspiration that Apollo ’s bold , quickly - paced , and futuristic accomplishment generated in so many baby boomers .
Now , looking back as we celebrate that singularly human , and singularly historic achievement — journeying to and walking on another world — we know that the 2009 I imagined as a boy is oh so different from the real 2009 we live in .
It ’s so different , in fact , that people even wonder if Apollo was worth the cost , and if it was more than a historical footnote — an odd bit of the distant future that took early but only short - lived root in the middle of the 20th century .
So today , as we take stock of Apollo 40 years later , is a good time to ask what each of us thinks the greatest impact of the $ 100 + billion Apollo project really was .
The long ballyhooed achievements of Apollo are many .
There is the Cold War propaganda victory that came with wave after wave of international accolades for America .
There is the internal boost that Apollo ’s success provided at a time when assassinations , race riots , student strife , and an unpopular war were the norm .
There is the transformative awareness of the Earth as a finite planetary oasis in the vast and hostile ocean of space .
They also include scientific discoveries that revolutionized our understanding of the origin of the Moon , the evolution of planetary crusts , and chronology of our home solar system .
And they include revolutionary advances in electronics technology that fueled revolutions in telecommunications and computing that have transformed how we live and work .
Each of these achievements has been cited as being worthy of Apollo ’s cost .
But in my view , the greatest achievement of Apollo is something more important , something that took decades to be recognized , and which is only now coming into focus .
As I see it , the greatest achievement of Apollo is the inspiration that Apollo ’s bold , quickly - paced , and futuristic accomplishment generated in so many baby boomers , whose hearts were captured by the tsunami of new technologies Apollo generated and the sheer exuberance for invention that space exploration inspired .
As a result , armies of kids like myself followed their hearts , stirred by the epic , larger - than - life explorations of Apollo that unfolded before them on TVs , and chose careers in computer science , electrical engineering , aerospace engineering , geophysics , and a dozen other technical fields .
The children and adolescents whose hearts were stirred and minds were captured by Apollo ’s inspiration number in the millions , and include names then like Paul Allen , Jeff Bezos , Sergey Brin , John Carmack , Bill Gates , Steve Jobs , and Elon Musk , all captains of the computing and Internet revolutions .
Indeed , perhaps in another 10 years , the second greatest achievement of Apollo will be seen as the space access revolution that baby boomer tech billionaires are now giving birth to .
When these and others of Apollo ’s children entered the workforce , we thoroughly transformed our economy and lives in ways virtually no one could have imagined 40 years ago .
We did so by sparking a bevy of tech revolutions that showered society with inventions , productivity increases , and new ways of socializing across the ’ 80s , ’90s , and this decade too .
This — a trillion - dollar dividend for a $ 100 + billion investment — is truly Apollo ’s best achievement , its best spinoff .
And this very special dividend continues to generate good return even today .
Some of the most successful “ children of Apollo ” are now returning to their space roots , investing their time and their fortunes to open up space exploration in wholly new and imaginative ways with private companies like Armadillo Aerospace , Blue Origin , SpaceX , and Virgin Galactic .
Indeed , perhaps in another 10 years , the second greatest achievement of Apollo will be seen as the space access revolution that baby boomer tech billionaires are now giving birth to .
But I digress .
President Obama ’s administration is now taking up the reins of our national space program and choosing its forward course .
As this young and innovative administration shapes America ’s civil space program , I hope they will fashion a bold , innovative , and quickly paced 21st century effort of equally stirring nature to Apollo .
For if they do , they can expect its cost to be repaid many times over , as Apollo ’s was , by the children and teens inspired to take up technical fields , fueling our economy , and revolutionizing life for the better , across the next 40 years .
Home
Pulling Yourself Off the Ground By Your Whiskers
Here is the simple mathematical reason why large scale carbon offsets can’t work
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 17th July 2009
Well at least that clears up the mystery .
Over the past year I ’ve been fretting over an intractable contradiction .
The government has promised spectacular cuts in greenhouse gas emissions .
It is also pushing through new roads and runways , approving coal - burning power stations , bailing out motor manufacturers and ditching its regulations for low - carbon homes .
How can these policies be reconciled ?
We will find out tomorrow , when it publishes a series of papers on carbon reduction .
According to a person who has read the drafts , the new policies will include buying up to 50 % of the reduction from abroad .
If this is true , it means that the UK will not cut its greenhouse gases by 80 % by 2050 , as the government promised .
It means it will cut them by 40 % .
Offsetting half our emissions ( which means paying other countries to cut them on our behalf ) makes a mockery of the government ’s climate change programme .
The figure might have changed between the draft and final documents , but let ’s take it at face value for the moment , to see what happens when rich nations offload their obligations .
What I am about to explain is the simple mathematical reason why any largescale programme of offsets is injust , contradictory and ultimately impossible .
Last week the G8 summit adopted the UK ’s two key targets : it proposed that developed countries should reduce their greenhouse gases by 80 % by 2050 to prevent more than two degrees of global warming ( 1 ) .
This meant that it also adopted the UK ’s key contradiction , as there is no connection between these two aims .
An 80 % cut is very unlikely to prevent two degrees of warming ; in fact it ’s not even the right measure , as I ’ll explain later on .
But let ’s work out what happens if the other rich nations adopt both the UK ’s targets and its draft approach to carbon offsets .
Please bear with me on this : the point is an important one .
There are some figures involved , but I ’ll use only the most basic arithmetic , which anyone with a calculator can reproduce .
The G8 did n’t explain what it meant by “ developed countries ” , but I ’ll assume it was referring to the nations listed in Annex 1 of the Kyoto Protocol : in other words , those which have promised to limit their greenhouse gases by 2012 .
( If it meant the OECD nations , the results are very similar ) .
To keep this simple and consistent , I ’ll consider just the carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels , as listed by US Energy Information Administration ( 2 ) .
It does n’t publish figures for Monaco and Lichtenstein , but we can forgive that .
The 38 remaining Annex 1 countries produce 14982 million tonnes of CO2 , or 51 % of global emissions .
Were they to do as the UK proposes , cutting this total by 80 % and offsetting half of it , they would have to buy reductions equal to 20.5 % of the world ’s total carbon production .
This means that other countries would need to cut 42 % of their emissions just to absorb our carbon offsets .
But the G8 has also adopted another of the UK ’s targets : a global cut of 50 % by 2050 .
Fifty per cent of world production is 14598 mt .
If the Annex 1 countries reduce their emissions by 80 % ( including offsets ) , they will trim global output by 11986 million tonnes .
The other countries must therefore find further cuts of 2612 mt .
Added to the offsets they ’ve sold , this means that their total obligation is 8581 million tonnes , or 60 % of their current emissions .
So here ’s the outcome .
The rich nations , if they follow the UK ’s presumed lead , will cut their carbon pollution by 40 % .
The poorer nations will cut their carbon pollution by 60 % .
If global justice means anything , the rich countries must make deeper cuts than the poor .
We have the most to cut and can best afford to forego opportunities for development .
If nations like the UK cannot make deep reductions , no one can .
We could , as I showed in my book Heat , reduce emissions by 90 % without seriously damaging our quality of life ( 3 ) .
But this carries a political price .
Business must be asked to write off sunk costs , people must be asked to make minor changes in the way they live .
This country appears to be doing what it has done throughout colonial and post - colonial history : dumping its political problems overseas , rather than confronting them at home .
Befuddled yet ?
I have n’t explained the half of it .
As the G8 leaders know , a global cut of 50 % offers only a faint - to - non - existent chance of meeting their ultimate objective : preventing more than two degrees of warming .
In its latest summary of climate science , published in 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change suggested that a high chance of preventing more than two degrees of warming requires a global cut of 85 % by 2050 ( 4 ) .
In drafting the climate change act , the UK government promised to keep matching the target to the science .
It has already raised its cut from 60 % to 80 % by 2050 .
If it sticks to its promise it will have to raise it again .
Global average CO2 emissions are 4.48 tonnes per person per year .
Cutting the world total by 85 % means reducing this to 0.672t .
Average per capita output in the 38 Annex 1 countries is 9.98 tonnes : to hit this target they must cut their emissions by 93.3 % by 2050 .
If the rich persist in offsetting 50 % of this cut , the poorer countries would have to reduce their emissions by 6989mt to absorb our offsets .
To meet a global average of 0.672t , they would also need to chop their own output by a further 10838 mt .
This means a total cut of 17827mt , or 125 % of their current emissions .
I hope you have spotted the flaw .
In fact , even the IPCC ’s proposal has been superseded .
Two recent papers in Nature show that the measure which counts is not the proportion of current emissions produced on a certain date , but the total amount of greenhouse gases we release ( 5,6 ) .
An 85 % cut by 2050 could produce completely different outcomes .
If most of the cut took place at the beginning of the period , our cumulative emissions would be quite low .
If , as the US Waxman - Markey bill proposes , it takes place towards the end , they would be much higher .
To deliver a high chance of preventing two degrees of warming , we would need to cut global emissions by something like 10 % by the end of next year and 25 % by 2012 ( 7 ) .
This is a challenge that no government is yet prepared to accept .
Carbon offsetting makes sense if you are seeking a global cut of 5 % between now and forever .
It is the cheapest and quickest way of achieving an insignificant reduction .
But as soon as you seek substantial cuts , it becomes an unfair , impossible nonsense , the equivalent of pulling yourself off the ground by your whiskers .
Yes , let us help poorer nations to reduce deforestation and clean up pollution .
But let us not pretend that it lets us off the hook .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. G8 , 2009 .
Responsible Leadership For A Sustainable Future .
http://www.g8italia2009.it/static/G8_Allegato/G8_Declaration_08_07_09_final,0.pdf
2 . http://www.eia.doe.gov/environment.html
3. George Monbiot , 2007 .
Heat : how to stop the planet burning .
Penguin , London .
4. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , 2007 .
Fourth Assessment Report .
Climate Change 2007 : Synthesis Report .
Summary for Policymakers , Table SPM.6 .
http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr_spm.pdf
5 . http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v458/n7242/full/nature08019.html
6 . http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v458/n7242/full/nature08017.html
7 . There ’s some interesting background in this paper : Kevin Anderson and Alice Bows , 2008 .
Reframing the climate change challenge in light of post -2000 emission trends .
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A. Published online .
doi:10.1098/rsta.2008.0138
http://www.tyndall.ac.uk/publications/journal_papers/fulltext.pdf
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : graphviz -2999.0.0.0
I am pleased to announce a new release of the graphviz package for Haskell , which provides bindings to the GraphViz [ 1 ] suite of tools . [ 1 ]
http://www.graphviz.org/
Probably the biggest and most important change in this release is that AFAICT , all 152 attributes utilised / supported by GraphViz [ 2 ] are now specified and supported by this library .
However , I 'm not fully sure how well the parsing of these attributes will turn out ; if you notice a bug / problem then please let me know . [ 2 ]
http://graphviz.org/doc/info/attrs.html
I 've specified this as being the first in the 2999.0 series of releases .
I will switch to 3000.0 when the generic graph class has been released and graphviz switched to using it rather than just FGL .
One other future change that I 'm considering is to improve the parsing ability of the Dot language .
At the moment , graphviz assumes the following layout is followed : * Graph attributes * Nodes with their attributes ( clusters are supported only for creation , not parsing ) .
* Edges with their attributes .
To match the behaviour of upstream , this will need to be changed into just a list of statements , where a statement is one of five things [ 3 ] : * A Node * An Edge *
An attribute ( either for the graph overall , nodes or for edges ) * " ID '= ' ID " ( not quite sure what this is ; some kind of assignment ) *
A subgraph ( clusters are a specific type of subraph )
As the way of defining an attribute for a specific grouping of nodes / edges / subgraphs is to have them all listed after the attribute definition ( whereas those beforehand do not have this attribute ) , the imperative nature of the Dot language does not allow us to split these statements up as we currently do . [ 3 ]
http://graphviz.org/doc/info/lang.html
As such , I 'm asking which of the following two choices people would prefer : 1 . Follow upstream so that it can fully parse a Dot graph 2 .
Keep it as it is , so that it is possible to consider all edges , etc. easily .
Other major changes to this release : ====================================
* Fixed a bug where the Show instance and read function for DotEdge had the from / to nodes the wrong way round .
This was not immediately noticed since the Graph ->
DotGraph functions created them the wrong way round , so for those users who only used these this was not apparent .
Spotted by Neil Brown . * Greatly improved Attribute usage : almost all attributes are now covered with allowed values .
* Extend DotGraph to include whether a graph is strict or not and if it has an ID .
Also move the directed Graph field .
* Make " Dot " refer to the actual dot command and DotArrow refer to the ArrowType ( rather than DotCmd and Dot as before ) .
* Make the Data .
GraphViz .ParserCombinators module available to end users again , but not re-exported by Data .
GraphViz ; it has a warning message up the top not to be used .
It is there purely for documentative purposes .
*
Use extensible - exceptions so that base < 4 is once again supported .
* Follow the PVP rather than using dates for versions : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Package_versioning_policy
Note that this means that any library / application using more than a trivial sub - set of graphviz will most likely need to be updated .
However , now that the PVP is being followed it should be easier to tell in future when updates will be required .
Other items I 'm wanting to do in future releases : =================================================
* Allow user to choose whether or not the graph is meant to be directed or undirected .
* Improve parsing to fully ( or at least follow more closely ) support Dot. * Improve clustering / subgraph support .
* Use a Pretty Printer rather than Show to generate Dot output .
* Improve Output support .
* Find and fix the handle closing bug with graphvizWithHandle . -- Ivan Lazar Miljenovic Ivan .
Miljenovic at gmail.com IvanMiljenovic.wordpress.com
July 6 , 2009  --
In the weeks before Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin announced her resignation , she spoke privately with a range of prominent Republican officials – including former Vice President Dick Cheney and former mayor Rudolph Giuliani .
It 's not clear , from records or interviews , who may have been courting who , and none of the men have made comments suggesting Palin hinted at any future plans .
But the calls underscore Palin 's position among prominent Republicans .
This May , documents indicate , Palin called former Vice President Dick Cheney ; former New York City mayor and GOP presidential primary contender Rudolph Giuliani ; and Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , who is often mentioned as a GOP presidential candidate for 2012 .
The governor 's spokesman declined to comment on the calls .
" I work for the State of Alaska , " said spokesman David Murrow .
" I do n't coordinate or participate in her political life .
I only handle official state business . "
He referred inquiries to Palin 's political action committee , Sarah PAC .
The group did not respond with comment for this story .
Palin's phone calls are shown on her official schedule for May 2009 , obtained by Alaskan Andree McLeod through an open - records request with the state and shared with ABC News .
McLeod has filed numerous open - records requests for Palin - related documents , as well as four ethics complaints against the governor and her aides .
Click here to see Palin 's schedule .
Palin Called Florida Governor Charlie Crist
" GOV : Telephone Call Into Governor Crist , " reads a May 4 entry in Palin 's schedule .
A spokeswoman for Crist said she did not know who had initiated contact , or what the subject of conversation was to have been , but the two did not speak .
" It was a courtesy call .
They know each other , both being governors , " said Crist spokeswoman Erin Isaac .
Crist may have had his own reasons to chat with Palin : to promote his candidacy for U.S. Senate , which Crist launched one week after Palin 's phone call .
Nine days later , Crist announced an endorsement by Sen. John McCain , Palin 's 2008 GOP ticket - topper .
On May 7 , the document shows , Palin spoke with former vice president Dick Cheney from an airport in Fairbanks , during a brief refueling stop on her way to survey flood damage in the northeastern part of the state .
Cheney spokeswoman Lucy Tutwiler would only confirm that the two discussed a possible summer vacation to Alaska by the Cheneys .
She would not confirm whether the Cheneys went to Alaska or were still planning to go , or any other details regarding the conversation .
Sarah Palin's Schedule Before Quitting
On May 8 , Palin 's schedule reads , " GOV : Telephone Call w / Former Mayor Giuliani ( JNU ) , " the last letters apparently indicating she called from Juneau .
Four days later , Palin tried to speak with Giuliani again – at his prompting , the document reflects .
" GOV : Tried to return requested call to Mayor Giuliani ( JNU ) . "
According to Giuliani spokeswoman Maria Comella , the ex-mayor reached out to Palin regarding an upcoming trip to Alaska to deliver a paid speech .
" As I understand it , the two of them never connected on the phone , " Comella wrote in an email to ABC News .
The meeting never occurred , she said , although Giuliani delivered his speech – a motivational address , part of the " Get Motivated ! " seminar series – in Anchorage June 10 .
In June , the Palins visited New York and joined the Giulianis for a Yankees game , Comella noted .
She did not say whether Giuliani had picked up any indication of Palin 's plans during his dealings with her .
Rick Klein contributed to this story .
This story has been updated .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power .
Enlarge By Kelly Wilkinson , The Indianapolis Star Kindergartners Ashlie Cleyman , 6 , left , and Alleyah Hickman , 6 , eat lunch Monday at school .
All the kids at Daniel Webster School 46 in Indianapolis get free lunches .
School systems nationwide are trimming lunch menus , buying more food in bulk and delaying purchases of kitchen equipment to offset the costs of serving free or reduced - price lunches to millions of newly eligible students from cash - strapped families .
Record enrollment in subsidized meal programs has school systems large and small stretching already paper - thin budgets to ensure that students are well - fed and ready to learn .
No region seems immune .
BACKGROUND : More students on free lunch programs
In New York City , which has the nation 's largest school system , 73 % of students received free or discount lunches this year , up from 71 % in 2007 - 2008 .
In Chicago , participation jumped to 84.3 % from 82 % in 2007 - 2008 and 75 % the year before .
Dade County , Fla. , schools saw a 3.8 % jump , to 66.7 % .
Districts get a federal reimbursement for each lunch they serve , but that reimbursement typically comes up 15 to 50 cents short for every meal , depending on whether state and local governments kick in additional money , according to the School Nutrition Association , which represents school lunch officials .
Covering the shortfall
Twenty - two states and some cities , such as Bridgeport , Conn. , provide additional meal subsidies to schools , but most districts ' food departments have to cover the balance .
Nationwide , that amounts to millions of dollars a day that schools pay from their own budgets to augment federal subsidies , the association says .
The Mesa , Ariz. , school district , near Phoenix , does n't get any money from the state to help feed its kids , though 3,000 more students qualified for free and discounted meals this academic year .
To pay for the increase , the district manages food " down to the last student , " says Loretta Zullo , director of food and nutrition .
Instead of having all the food ready when lunch starts , elementary schools " cook while the kids are coming through the line , so you do n't end up with three pans of pizza or burritos left , " she says .
The 33 - cent muffin on a fruit and yogurt breakfast plate was popular , " but we could n't afford it , " Zullo says , so it was dropped in favor of a whole - grain cracker that costs only 11 cents .
Indianapolis public schools cut expenses by purchasing supplies " by the truckload " and storing the food at a central facility that prepares meals for delivery to individual schools , says Velda Hamman , director of food services .
Menu choices are limited to save money , even at the high schools , she adds .
" We do n't do junk food . "
In Indianapolis , 83.6 % of students qualified for free or reduced - price lunches this year , up slightly from previous years .
At 51 of its 72 schools , all students eat for free because such a high percentage qualify on the basis of family income that the district waives the fee for everyone , as permitted by federal law .
In Jackson , Miss. , the school system pays about 50 cents on top of the federal subsidy for each of the 25,500 lunches it serves daily , says food services director Mary Hill .
" We have to be very creative to keep up , " she adds , noting that she has put off kitchen equipment purchases .
To qualify for a free school lunch , a family of four can have an income of no more than $ 27,560 per year under the 2008 - 2009 federal guidelines .
For a reduced - price lunch , the limit is $ 39,220 .
Poor economy spurs demand School officials blame the economy for the rising need .
In Seattle , Tom Ogg , the assistant director of nutrition services , says , " There 's been a steadier stream of families applying this year than in years past " for free and subsidized meals .
Parents are supposed to pay 30 cents for a reduced - price breakfast and 40 cents for reduced - price lunch .
But Washington state and the district cover the co-pay for all breakfasts and for lunches for the youngest kids , in kindergarten through third grade , to ensure they get two good meals a day .
Bad as things are , some districts expect the worst is yet to come .
The Los Angeles Unified School District , second - largest in the country , saw its free and reduced - price program expand by 8,800 students over the past school year , covering 78 % of its student body .
As many as 20,000 more are expected for next year , says Manish Singh of the food service department .
That 's because families receiving food stamps or certain other types of government assistance have been made automatically eligible for subsidized lunches by the federal government .
Singh says officials hear about a lot of families in which one or both parents have lost jobs .
" I 've had a couple of families who were in the $ 110,000 to $ 120,000 bracket and dad lost his job and now they 're $ 30,000 and suddenly the parents are keen to qualify , " says Singh .
He says he saw one family in which the father had lost his job but the mom said , " ' My husband does n't want to apply for unemployment benefits — he wants to look for a job . ' "
The district worked out a deal where the father provided documentation showing he'd been laid off , so the children could get free lunches .
" You have to handle it delicately , " Singh says .
" The family 's already going through a tough time . "
Rep. George Miller , D - Calif. , chairman of the House Committee on Education and Labor , expects the need will continue to grow .
" We 're going to see more layoffs , more unemployment , " he says .
" So you 're going to continue to see a significant number of people who will become eligible for the first time . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Broadcasters call the Performance Rights
Act a tax .
To the music industry , it ’s more like a royalty fee .
But the legislation , which is gaining momentum in both the House and the Senate , is making radio stations nervous .
For more than 80 years , commercial stations have aired songs without paying royalties to musicians .
Sound recordings were exempted from “ performance rights ” fees even after they became copyrightable in 1972 ; and the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings
Act , passed in 1995 , applied only to new technologies such as cable , satellite and Internet radio .
The bill making its way through Congress would require AM and FM stations to pay fees , to be split evenly between the artists and copyright owners .
The annual flat rate would be calculated according to a radio station ’s revenue , with the smallest paying $ 500 a year , medium - size stations paying as much as $ 5,000 and the largest paying more .
But foes of the legislation -- including the National Assn. of Broadcasters , which represents about 6,500 radio stations -- say airplay gives “ promotional value ” to artists because radio reaches more than 235 million listeners a week , providing free advertising that produces $ 1.5 billion to $ 2.4 billion in music sales annually .
Advertisement
Broadcasters ’ opposition to the bill also comes as radio stations , collectively accustomed to earning billions each year , are losing ad revenue .
“ It ’s a bad idea in a good economy .
It ’s a horrible idea in the economy we ’re facing right now , ” said Kris Jones , a NAB spokesman .
Dennis Wharton , NAB ’s executive vice president of media relations , called the Performance Rights Act “ the biggest threat to radio in 50 years . ”
The millions -- and probably billions -- of dollars in annual performance fees could prompt stations to lay off workers , decrease charitable donations , convert to all - talk formats or go dark , Wharton said .
Advertisement
The NAB has launched an extensive campaign to oppose the legislation .
In print , radio and TV ads , it suggests that music artists owe their careers to radio and asserts that performance fees would be paid to such major record labels as EMI , Sony and Universal that are based outside the U.S .
But musicians and record labels say they ’re also hurting , and perceive their quest for compensation from the radio stations ’ billions per year in profits as an issue of fairness .
They cite cases of musicians who have had to perform into their 70s to earn money and contend most of the royalty fees generated by the act would be paid to musicians , who increasingly own their labels .
“ All we ’re seeking is a fundamentally fair radio performance right for the artists and musicians who ’ve created the music that we enjoy listening to on the radio , ” said Marty Machowsky , a spokesman for a music community coalition .
Since the act was introduced in 2007 -- and reintroduced in Congress in February -- Sheryl Crow , Nancy Sinatra , will .i.am , Herbie Hancock , Billy Corgan and other performers have appeared on Capitol Hill to voice their support .
Advertisement
The Performance Rights
Act is getting more playtime than in previous Congresses .
Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick J. Leahy ( D - Vt. ) recently said the bill would be a priority for the committee this summer .
In May , the House Judiciary Committee approved the act after adding an amendment to protect smaller and noncommercial broadcasters by creating a sliding - scale fee .
Still , more than 200 lawmakers have signaled their opposition to the legislation by co-sponsoring the Local Radio Freedom Act , a nonbinding resolution introduced in February that declares opposition to “ any new performance fee , tax , royalty or other charge on radio for music airplay . ”
Nonetheless , Machowsky detects progress , not only in Congress but also from the intensifying opposition from broadcasters .
“ If you look at the level of angst on the other side -- the amount of radio airtime they are devoting to this issue , either through advertising or commentary by on - air personalities -- it ’s really indicative of the progress we ’re making , ” he said .
--
Advertisement
ksherry@tribune.com
What does it take to imagine that nonviolent approaches to conflict might be possible ?
Millennia - old religious traditions ?
A prophet ?
Common sense ?
Certainly the last place one would expect to find it : a race of hardened warriors in a hardened land , where a gun is part of the common attire and tribal feuds last for generations .
Yesterday evening , the Brooklyn Academy of Music screened T.C. McLuhan ’s 2008 film — decades in the making — The Frontier Gandhi : Badshah Khan , a Torch for Peace .
It tells a story desperately in need of being told : the life of Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan , the towering Pashtun leader who worked with Mohandas Gandhi in the nonviolent struggle to rid colonial India of British rule .
After that , he worked to dissolve the incendiary lines of cultural and religious identity that marked Pakistan from the beginning .
In all , he spent a third of his 98 - year life in prison .
Those interviewed in the film refer again and again to a “ miracle ” : that Khan , a product of the chaotic tribal region in present Pakistan and Afghanistan , could have become a “ Badshah ” — an “ emperor ” — of peace .
And that he mobilized a hundred - thousand - strong nonviolent army , the Khudai Khidmatgar , whose soldiers wore locally - spun red cloth , symbolizing their commitment to shed blood for the cause of peace and freedom .
Amidst a supposed culture of killing , Khan came to realize that violence can only lead to defeat and the only victory worth having is a nonviolent one .
At the time , many assumed that Khan learned his methods from Gandhi .
Or perhaps through his British schoolteacher , Reverend Wigram .
No , Khan insisted , he had come to them on his own , through his Muslim faith and through the traditions of his people .
The most powerful parts of the film are those with the 82 Khudai Khidmatgar soldiers — 5 of whom were women — that McLuhan managed to gather by traveling among remote villages of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
All in their nineties at least , they spoke proudly of their service and of their devotion to the ideals that Khan taught .
Khan was the son of a wealthy landowner , and he had a British education .
But , by and large , not these men and women .
Yet somehow , they fail to act out the barbarous stereotype that everyone — inside and out — seems to have about their society .
Their witness reminds us , in fact , that traces of nonviolence are deeply ingrained in every human society , no matter how warlike .
We forget this too easily when violence is all that titilates us enough to make headlines .
The Frontier Gandhi could hardly be more timely , yet it also runs the risk of being lost in the same senseless politics that kept its subject so marginalized and persecuted throughout his life .
India - Pakistan tensions were palpable in the voices of those in the present trying to claim or disown Khan .
Pakistan has erased his memory from the schoolbooks , and former President Pervez Musharraf even appears in the film , calling the Badshah a detractor from the Pakistani cause .
For Indians , however , he represents a vindication for the Gandhian legacy which they claim .
During the incredibly violent period of partition between India and Pakistan , which Khan and Gandhi opposed , the Khudai Khidmatgar stood guard over Hindu homes and property in Pakistan to protect them from Muslim mobs .
While the film shows people on Pakistani streets for whom Khan ’s name does n’t ring a bell , a gaggle of Indian schoolgirls gives a glowing account of his accomplishments .
Worrying also is the appeal that this film might have for Western forces engaged in a war precisely where Khan lived and worked .
Might promoting his story give rise to a more “ passive ” resistance ?
When Taliban fighters give up their guns to become meek peacemakers , one might imagine , it ’ll be a whole lot easier to install a pro-Western nation state over the “ lawless ” tribal regions , ridding the universe of terrorism once and for all .
Hamid Karzai , incidentally , praises Khan in the film .
One can only hope that the convictions of Gandhi and Khan are true , that there is no weapon more powerful than nonviolent struggle , and that those who wield it , even against the American war machine , would truly and meaningfully win .
At his death in 1988 , Badshah Khan showed one last time his mastery as an artist of human spirit .
Though he died in a hospital in Pakistan , he insisted on being buried in Jalalabad , Afghanistan , across the Khyber Pass .
His family objected , but he insisted .
And so it was .
Thousands poured over the border , with no papers or passports .
The Afghan civil war went on hold for a few days .
Business as usual — warfare as usual — stopped for a while so that people could celebrate the vision of a great man .
But there was a bomb .
15 people died , out of the hundreds of thousands who came in peace , in defiance of normalcy .
There was a bomb , so the funeral was on the news .
Photo : www.z.one.kz
A five - year - old girl is thought to have been raised by cats and dogs after her parents neglected to take care of her at her home in Chita , Russia ’s Baikal Region .
The girl can barely speak , but barks and hisses at people in apparent imitation of the dogs and cats she grew up around .
Like them , she laps her food from her plate .
Chita ’s children ’s rights commissioners were alerted by neighbors and found that although Natasha shared the apartment with her father , grandparents and other relatives , she only received attention from the family ’s numerous pets , Interfax reported quoting the local police press service .
The child is relatively healthy , although clearly undernourished and small , a police spokesman said .
Natasha ’s relatives were unwilling to give her to the police , in spite of being unable to look after her and the “ enormous dogs and cats ” that the police said the apartment was packed with .
The girl ’s mother reportedly lives somewhere else with her three other children .
The girl ’s father was not at home .
Natasha has been placed at a children ’s rehabilitation center while the police search for her parents .
After years of financial experts considering Microsoft a safe and stable investment , one analyst now recommends that investors jump ship as Microsoft has been too sluggish responding to attacks from Apple and Google .
Jackson Turner of Argus Research switched his call on Microsoft from " buy " to " sell " on Thursday and lowered his estimates after determining that the Windows developer could no longer keep hold of the operating system market in the face of recent alternatives .
He sees the early software pioneer as having dismissed the challenges posed by newer , easier to use operating systems , especially in the handheld space where Microsoft has n't been focusing its full attention .
Windows Mobile 's relative stasis for the past few years has let Apple 's iPhone , Google 's Android and other mobile platforms grow quickly without an appropriately serious response .
" We believe Microsoft has misjudged — or more judiciously , has been unable to react swiftly to — the shift towards simpler operating systems on cheaper , more portable devices , including cell phones , smart phones and netbooks , " the analyst wrote .
And while it wo n't be a threat until the second half of 2010 , Google 's Chrome OS is predicted to be a likely threat in the long run by giving netbook makers a viable , simpler replacement for Windows .
It 's one of the few real pretenders to Microsoft 's throne but is probably the " leading edge " of a larger wave of competitors that should whittle away at the company 's once secure lead , Turner added .
The researcher is careful not to paint too dire a picture and insists that Microsoft should still be a very large contender if the prediction bears out .
All the same , he maintains that much of the stock market has taken threats to Microsoft too lightly and that the company could see a slow , steady decline without a clear sign that it 's learned its lesson .
Big cat nap : A lion and his lioness spotted spooning in the South African sun
It 's hard work being king of the jungle and keeping up a fearsome reputation .
So perhaps it 's not surprising that every now and again even the toughest lion in the pride feels the need for a bit of a cuddle with his favourite lioness .
This pair were spotted snoozing and snuggled up together in the shade of a tree in a South African animal reserve .
The lion sleeps tonight :
The big cats spoon in the midday sun
They are rare white lions , their pale coats the result of a recessive gene .
They were pictured by Eliane Graham , who spent a few weeks volunteering at the lion park earlier this year .
Miss Graham , 38 , from London , said : ' I was going for a drive though one of the reserves when I saw this pair .
I have never seen two lions lying like that before .
' Lions are very social animals and like to live and sleep together .
It was quite human , the way they were holding each other . '
Miss Graham was working at The Lion Park , near Johannesburg , which is home to more than 80 lions , as well as other carnivores such as cheetahs and spotted hyenas .
By Clive Coleman
Presenter , Law in Action , BBC Radio 4
What is the right age to hold children responsible for their criminal acts ?
Eight ?
10 ? 14 ? 18 ?
With a spate of violent crime being committed by seemingly ever younger people , the question has never been more difficult to answer , or more important .
FIND OUT MORE ...
Law in Action will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday 16 June 2009 at 1600 BST
Or catch up later on the BBC iPlayer Plans to raise the age of criminal responsibility in Scotland from eight to 12 will leave England , Wales and Northern Ireland with the lowest such age in Europe , at just 10 .
In Spain it is 16 , in Belgium 18 .
So , should the rest of the UK follow Scotland ?
Or perhaps raise the age even higher ?
At Thames Youth Court in east London , 15 year - old - Germaine ( not his real name ) pleaded guilty to a robbing a pizza delivery driver .
But should he have been in court ?
" I think it 's a good thing because they will learn that this is what leads you into jail , " his mother said .
The Bulger murder Much of the debate that rages around the age of criminal responsibility is rooted in the 1993 prosecution of Jon Venables and Robert Thompson for the brutal murder of two - year - old James Bulger in Liverpool .
Jon Venables and Robert Thompson were 10 years old when they abducted and killed toddler James Bulger Back then , in addition to the overwhelming national revulsion at the abduction and murder , there was also a heated debate as to whether two boys , aged 10 at the time of the killing , should stand trial for murder .
The case and the haunting , grainy CCTV images of the two boys leading the toddler from a shopping centre to his death still resonate powerfully today .
In recent years , however , new scientific evidence has shed further light on the way children 's brains develop .
Knowing right from wrong " There 's a very substantial evidence base to show that children aged 10 are not fully mature , " said Dr Eileen Vizard , a child psychiatrist with the NSPCC's Child Offender Service .
For society 's own protection there should be the potential and the possibility of a 10 - year - old being prosecuted
Laurence Lee
Solicitor in the Bulger murder case " They show developmental immaturity in terms of their physical , intellectual , emotional , and social development , " she said .
She points to recent evidence on the structure and functioning of young brains which suggests that development continues beyond adolescence and into the mid-20s .
Though children of 10 may know the difference between " big rights and big wrongs " , Dr Vizard believes they do not have the capacity to participate fully and fairly in a criminal trial , and that 14 or 15 should be a bare minimum age for criminal responsibility .
Perhaps surprisingly though , Laurence Lee , the solicitor who represented Jon Venables , takes issue with that : " It 's impossible to say that you can't prosecute children of 10 because their brains are n't sufficiently developed .
For society 's own protection there should be the potential and the possibility of a 10 - year - old being prosecuted .
Solicitor Laurence
Lee believes lowering the age of criminal responsibility would be a mistake " I think the crime rate would rocket if that sword of Damocles did n't exist over a young defendant 's head . "
And they are prosecuted .
Last year more than 11,000 young people between the ages of 10 and 13 were prosecuted in the criminal courts in England and Wales .
In the 14 to 17 - year - old category that rose to around 107,000 .
In court At Thames Youth Court , a small 13 - year - old boy appeared on a charge of racially aggravated assault .
When aged 12 , he had allegedly hit a girl he knew and called her a " Paki " .
The two lived on the same estate and the claimed injuries were relatively minor .
At a preliminary hearing in court the judge asked the Crown Prosecution Service whether it was really in the public interest that the case proceeded .
It showed no inclination to discontinue it .
When he was asked which parts of the proceedings were difficult to follow , the boy replied , " All of it " .
His mother said she thought it ridiculous that a full trial take place .
She believes children should be dealt with outside court .
" Their parents should be spoken to , they should be warned , " she said .
She was angry that following a one or two - day trial in a few months time , her son could be found guilty and would get a criminal record .
Other young people in court that day were there for a variety of assaults , thefts and robberies .
Those who pleaded guilty , or were found guilty , would also get a criminal record .
Norwegian law In Norway , the age of criminal responsibility is 15 and there is a far more welfare - based approach to the problem of child offending .
Reidar Hjermann , the Norwegian Children 's Ombudsman , believes 10 is far too young .
" A child does not choose to commit or not commit a crime , " he said .
" They do it because they have a difficult life . "
Lynne Costello from Mothers Against Murder and Aggression ( MAMAA ) , which supports families whose children have been murdered and provides education programmes for the young , disagrees .
" The kids know the law is soft , " she said .
" If we raise the age they will be getting younger people to carry their weapons or their drugs .
" We have to tell children ' you have done wrong ' , and if that means going through the court system that 's what we have to do . "
Setting the age of criminal responsibility is fantastically difficult .
People do not want to demonise children , but worry about a younger generation with greater temptations and looser boundaries .
The government has no plans to raise the current age of 10 , but many lawyers and child psychiatrists believe there is a strong case for doing so .
Law In Action will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday 16 June at 1600 GMT .
You can listen to the programme for seven days afterwards via the BBC iPlayer , or download the free podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Swiss police say they have uncovered an internet child pornography network spanning 78 countries and involving at least 2,000 IP internet addresses .
An inquiry was launched after a tip - off from Interpol about a website based in Switzerland being used as a forum for illegal child pornography films .
The site was officially devoted to hip hop music but was used to access videos of child pornography via secret codes .
The site designer was unaware of how it was being used , Swiss media report .
It is the biggest concern of its kind dismantled in Switzerland
Jean - Christophe Sauterel
Police spokesman in Vaud Swiss federal police spokeswoman Eva Zwahlen said the authorities had been monitoring the website in the south - western canton of Vaud , the Associated Press reports .
She confirmed a Swiss newspaper report that the investigation involved people from the US , Poland , Greece and other countries .
Jean - Christophe Sauterel , a police spokesman in Vaud , told Swiss newspaper Le Matin Dimanche that it was " the biggest concern of its kind dismantled in Switzerland " .
According to the newspaper , dozens of arrests and several convictions have been made as a result of the investigation , which began in May 2008 .
Speaking about suspected users of the illegal material in Switzerland , Mr Sauterel said none of them were based in Vaud itself .
The website 's owner told the newspaper of their shock at being told by police about how it had been used illegally .
The site 's designer was not aware what it was being used for and was cleared of any involvement in the ring , police were quoted as saying by AFP news agency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sep , 14 2013 Source : belfasttelegraph.co.uk
Sir Paul McCartney 's new album will see him return to an EMI record label - six years after he left the company and branded it " boring " .
The musician will issue his next release , called New , next month and it has emerged today that it will come out through Virgin EMI in the UK .
He had been with EMI or its subsidiary Parlophone for 45 years until he exited in 2007 , choosing to release his Memory Almost Full ... more
As head of the command , which oversees the elite Delta Force and units of the Navy Seals , General McChrystal was based at Fort Bragg , N.C.
But he spent much of his time in Iraq commanding secret missions .
Most of his operations were conducted at night , but General McChrystal , described nearly universally as a driven workaholic , was up for most of the day as well .
His wife and grown son remained back in the United States .
General McChrystal was born Aug. 14 , 1954 , into a military family .
His father , Maj. Gen. Herbert J. McChrystal Jr. , served in Germany during the American occupation after World War II and later at the Pentagon .
General Stanley McChrystal was the fourth child in a family of five boys and one girl ; all of them grew up to serve in the military or marry into it .
“ They ’re all pretty intense , ” said Judy McChrystal , one of General McChrystal ’s sisters - in - law , who is married to the eldest child , Herbert J. McChrystal III , a former chaplain at the United States Military Academy at West Point .
General McChrystal graduated from West Point in 1976 and spent the next three decades ascending through conventional and Special Operations command positions as well as taking postings at Harvard and the Council on Foreign Relations .
He was a commander of a Green Beret team in 1979 and 1980 , and he did several tours in the Army Rangers as a staff officer and a battalion commander , including service in the Persian Gulf war of 1991 .
One blot on his otherwise impressive military record occurred in 2007 , when a Pentagon investigation into the accidental shooting death in 2004 of Cpl.
Pat Tillman by fellow Army Rangers in Afghanistan held General McChrystal accountable for inaccurate information provided by Corporal Tillman ’s unit in recommending him for a Silver Star .
The information wrongly suggested that Corporal Tillman had been killed by enemy fire .
At the Joint Staff at the Pentagon , where General McChrystal directs the 1,200 - member group , he has instituted a daily 6:30 a.m. classified meeting among 25 top officers and , by video , military commanders around the world .
In half an hour , the group races through military developments and problems over the past 24 hours .
Adm . Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , brought General McChrystal back to Washington to be his director last August , and the physical proximity served General McChrystal well , Defense officials said .
In recent weeks , Admiral Mullen recommended General McChrystal to Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates as a replacement for General McKiernan .
...................................................................._..... :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: _ _ _ _ _ _ / \ _ :: : | \/| |_| | |_/ |_/ | \_/ | \ ::: .::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::\::::::|::::::::::::: ::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ::: ::.................................................................... ::: ::.bj00.txt....oral close up !......................................... ::: ::.bj01.txt....oral close up !!........................................ ::: ::.bj02.txt....oral close up !!!....................................... ::: ::.bj03.txt....oral close up !!!!...................................... ::: ::.bj04.txt....oral close up !!!!!..................................... ::: ::.pr0n00.txt .. the dutch dude classy boa .............................. ::: ::.pr0n01.txt ..just the facts ......................................... ::: ::.pr0n02.txt..naked couple on a horse ................................ ::: ::.pr0n03.txt ..converted female jerk - off .............................. ::: ::.pr0n04.txt..krogg on all fours ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n05.txt .. wide open beaver stockings ............................. ::: ::.pr0n06.txt..krogg happy spread labia ............................... ::: ::.pr0n07.txt..krogg on all fours two ................................. ::: ::.pr0n08.txt..magical sorceress with acrylic nails ................... ::: ::.pr0n09.txt..lesbian action white - on - black .......................... ::: ::.pr0n10.txt..m1a converted torso .................................... ::: ::.pr0n11.txt..m1a converted nude ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n12.txt..super heroine .......................................... ::: ::.pr0n13.txt.. white - on - black manet dejeuner .......................... ::: ::.pr0n14.txt .. the dutch dude tank top ................................ ::: ::.pr0n15.txt..small converted pantless heels ......................... ::: ::.pr0n16.txt..very perky silhouette .................................. ::: ::.pr0n17.txt..vk phat figlet style nude .............................. ::: ::.pr0n18.txt..reclining curvy babe ................................... ::: ::.pr0n19.txt..small white - on black oldschool babe .................... ::: ::.pr0n20.txt ..b'ger babes in stages of disarray ...................... ::: ::.pr0n21.txt ..b'ger bathing beauties ................................. ::: ::.pr0n22.txt..jgs bikini woman ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n23.txt..pregnant ............................................... ::: ::.pr0n24.txt..jgs seated nude ........................................ ::: ::.pr0n25.txt ..another on all fours ................................... ::: ::.pr0n26.txt..jgs have a sexy birthday ............................... ::: ::.pr0n27.txt..happy ch1x0r ........................................... ::: ::.pr0n28.txt..ejm man and woman .. ................................... ::: ::.pr0n29.txt ..b'ger naked eve ....................... ................. ::: ::.pr0n30.txt.. fine asses fucka ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n31.txt..torso sig .............................................. ::: ::.pr0n32.txt ..b'ger vanity ........................................... ::: ::.pr0n33.txt .. beaver indignant nude .................................. ::: ::.pr0n34.txt..cute little penorz ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n35.txt..modest small two toed nude ............................. ::: ::.pr0n36.txt..lucy bares all at last ................................. ::: ::.pr0n37.txt .. jro satin sheets ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n38.txt .. jro surprise bj ........................................ ::: ::.pr0n39.txt..stocking fabio ride .................................... ::: ::.pr0n40.txt..wtf?................................................... ::: ::.pr0n41.txt..unknown the gonad man .................................. ::: ::.pr0n42.txt..unknown nude couple .................................... ::: ::.pr0n43.txt..prs porno several positions !........................... ::: ::.pr0n44.txt .. jro the exam ........................................... ::: ::.pr0n45.txt .. jro observations ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n46.txt..krogg striptease ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n47.txt..krogg happy panties .................................... ::: ::.pr0n48.txt..krogg garter belt ...................................... ::: ::.pr0n49.txt .. jro the costume ........................................ ::: ::.pr0n50.txt..ejm /rm duchamp ripoff .................................. ::: ::.pr0n51.txt .. jro merry fucking christmas ............................ ::: ::.pr0n52.txt..something to unwrap from jro ........................... ::: ::.pr0n53.txt .. jro christmas reflections .............................. ::: ::.pr0n54.txt..pretty warrior girl by krogg ........................... ::: ::.pr0n55.txt .. white on black naked on top of a cliff ................. ::: ::.pr0n56.txt..nice converted surfer girl ............................. ::: ::.pr0n57.txt..novelty tits ........................................... ::: ::.pr0n58.txt..vk sigsized nudies ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n59.txt..hjw series smallish nudes .............................. ::: ::.pr0n60.txt..unknown contortion ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n61.txt..m1a artful odalisque ................................... ::: ::.pr0n62.txt .. light on dark converted lez ............................ ::: ::.pr0n63.txt..krogg sodomy ........................................... ::: ::.pr0n64.txt..krogg nice small valkyrie .............................. ::: ::.pr0n65.txt..g.o.a.t.s.e.x.
ass wide open ........................... ::: ::.pr0n66.txt..darkorchid converted portrait .......................... ::: ::.pr0n67.txt..sexii sapphic couple ................................... ::: ::.pr0n68.txt..sexii whips ascii into line !........................... ::: ::.pr0n69.txt..sexii deco silhouette .................................. ::: ::.pr0n70.txt.. wicked file ............................................ ::: ::.pr0n71.txt..nice nudes plus ........................................ ::: ::.pr0n72.txt .. mthw après bonnie ..< 3.................................. ::: ::.pr0n73.txt .. mthw upskirt upscale ................................... ::: ::.pr0n74.txt .. mthw upskirt two ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n75.txt .. mthw upskirt three ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n76.txt ..Ojo
We Want You ........................................ ::: ::.pr0n77.txt..nmf cybersquat ......................................... ::: ::.pr0n78.txt..consensual spank -off................................... ::: ::.pr0n79.txt..triple a crew collaboration ............................ ::: ::.pr0n80.txt..startled nude .......................................... ::: ::.pr0n81.txt ..a coy shave by cjr ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n82.txt ..another cjr nude ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n83.txt..unknown self exploration ............................... ::: ::.pr0n84.txt..m0f73 idoru ............................................ ::: ::.pr0n85.txt..another idol ........................................... ::: ::.pr0n86.txt..m0f73 strawberry coupe bizarre ......................... ::: ::.pr0n87.txt ..a thoughtful azn ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n88.txt ..hi-heels hi-hairdo ..................................... ::: ::.pr0n89.txt .. just stepped out of the salon .......................... ::: ::.pr0n90.txt..ohayoo gozaimasu ....................................... ::: ::.pr0n91.txt..huge 800 k mthw scrollfile or pr0n91.tar.gz ( 270 k ) ...... ::: ::.pr0n92.txt ..a ch1x0r by mh ......................................... ::: ::.pr0n93.txt..veronica homs by osfa .................................. ::: ::.pr0n94.txt..hopefully you can tell what it is by kinweedo .......... ::: ::.................................................................... ::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::asciipr0n.com ::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: archive anime .............................. pinups ............................. hunkz
The NHL's rejection of Jim Balsillie 's application to purchase the bankrupt Phoenix Coyotes is the latest attempt by the league to prevent another team in Canada , the Canadian billionaire 's spokesman , Bill Walker , told CBC 's Newsworld .
The board of governor 's executive committee unanimously denied Balsillie during a Wednesday meeting in Chicago , while unanimously approving the bid by American businessman Jerry Reinsdorf .
Walker said the decision is simply based on the NHL 's intent to keep another franchise from coming north of border .
" I think that hockey fans can judge what this is really about in terms of the NHL trying to block Canadians from having a seventh professional hockey team in Canada , " Walker said .
The Coyotes were brought into Chapter 11 bankruptcy on May 5 by current owner Jerry Moyes .
Balsillie — the co-CEO of BlackBerry maker Research in Motion — immediately offered $ 212.5 US million once the team was placed in bankruptcy .
However , the bid is conditional on Balsillie 's desire to move the team to Hamilton .
Reinsdorf , owner of the NBA 's Chicago Bulls and baseball 's Chicago White Sox , put in a bid of $ 148 million for the Coyotes , an offer that would keep the team in Phoenix .
' It 's not about character '
Walker disputes the claim Balsillie 's bid was rejected based on an NHL bylaw that requires an owner to be of good character and integrity .
" It 's not about character , it 's about the NHL 's determination to keep Canada from having that team , " said Walker .
" I do n't think there are many people in government or in global business who question Jim Balsillie 's character .
He 's done a ton of work and put up a ton of his money own money for philanthropic causes .
" Sports fans can judge the NHL on its ability to evaluate character .
The owner that was chosen over Mr. Balsillie in the Nashville Predators ' case , [ California businessman William ]
Del Biaggio , has now pleaded guilty to fraud and is facing a lengthy prison sentence .
There have been other NHL owners who 've had extensive legal troubles . "
Balsillie was approved as an owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2006 , but backed out of the deal when the league tried to put restrictions on his ownership , including a provision that would have blocked him from moving the team .
A year later , he attempted to buy the Predators , but then - owner Craig Leipold dissolved the tentative agreement , opting to sell the franchise to group led by Del Biaggio for $ 190 million — approximately $ 50 million less than Balsillie 's offer .
An auction for bidders seeking to keep the team in Arizona is scheduled for Aug. 5 , provided U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Redfield T. Baum finds the bids satisfactorily meet the demands of the NHL club 's creditors .
Should Baum find no acceptable offer , it 's possible he could allow bids attempting to relocate the team .
" We 're just as hopeful today as we were yesterday and the day before , " said Walker .
" Nothing 's really changed . "
It ’s the weekend and you and your college roommate are all set for a night of getting wickedly stoned and playing Mario Kart until the wee hours of the morning , the only problem is …you are fresh out of weed .
You got nothing .
Nada . Zip. Zilch .
You are so weedless you do n’t even have any left - over seeds and stems .
You could have sworn you had some in your emergency stash but then you remember that you smoked it all while surfing free internet porn the previous Wednesday when you were supposed to be in Economics class .
You and your roommate try to get in touch with Katie , your go - to drug dealer , but it ’s Friday night at 10:30 and she ’s whacked out of her gourd on ecstasy and dancing her ass off at the local gay bar and does n’t return your voice messages ( which you leave 34 of – after this night Katie is no longer your go - to drug dealer – her decision , not yours ) .
So then you start to call your friends to see if they have any weed and you find out that there is apparently a major ganja drought right now .
No one ’s got shit , and if they do , they ai n’t sharing – they are smoking it all themselves those greedy fuck - wads !
An hour later you are desperate and this is when the panic sets in .
What the fuck are you going to do now ?
consider the thought of just going to bed and getting a good night ’s sleep – then you realize that will make you a lame - ass pussy so you do n’t ( you will regret this decision later ) .
And that ’s when it happens , your roommate comes out of his bedroom holding his four foot long super bong ( that we dubbed the “ The Wave Motion Gun ” – if you get the reference good for you , if not you missed out on a great Japanime cartoon series ) with a giant grin on his face .
He proceeds to tell you that he heard from this dude in his Business Admin class who heard from his ex-girlfriend ’s cousin that if you drink bong water you will get super duper extra high .
He then sets the bong down on your coffee table as you gaze into the hand - blown glass tube at the DISGUSTING MUNGY BROWN WATER .
You ask , “ Uh , dude , when ’s the last time you changed that shit ? ”
Your roommate replies , “ Freshman year .
I think . ” ( you are now at the beginning of the first semester of your second senior year ) .
You think for a very long minute , then , in true dumb - ass college kid fashion , you say fuck it .
The next thing you know , you and your roommate are staring at two pint glasses full of the most foul looking liquid you have ever seen .
As you bring the glass to your lips a small part of your brain screams at you not to do this – but again , in true dumb - ass college kid fashion , you say fuck it and down that sucker .
It tastes like a burnt turd wrapped in dirty ass covered in skunk fart but you manage to choke it down .
Then you wait .
And wait .
And wait .
And wait .
Three hours later you are still not high , you have thrown up four times , and ca n’t seem to get the turd - ass - skunk taste out of your mouth .
Your roommate is lying on the bathroom floor curled into a fetal position moaning for his mother .
And that ’s when you learn a valuable lesson – no matter what anyone says – bong water will not get you high … and you really need a girlfriend .
Maybe Katie will go out with you .
After a win against TorrentSpy the MPAA is determined to silence isoHunt and bankrupt its founder Gary Fung .
MAFIAA lawyer Steven Fabrizio guarantees that if they win the case , the movie industry will relentlessly hunt down any damages owed to them for the rest of Fung 's life .
Where the RIAA is mostly interested in pursuing individual file - sharers in court , the MPAA has taken on several of the largest torrent sites on the Internet .
After being awarded $ 110 million in their case against TorrentSpy last year , they are now focusing on the next target – isoHunt .
isoHunt founder Gary Fung is not intimidated by the movie industry scare tactics that started back in 2006 , and he is willing to fight until the end .
“ I ’m doing this for the future , ” Fung said recently , while explaining that isoHunt is not much different than search engines like Google .
“ When we talk about copyright we should be more forward thinking .
It is a huge issue for the culture .
The current state of copyright might not be the future state .
And there ’s increasing adoption of BitTorrent , even by large media .
That is a glimpse of the future , ” Fung commented .
The MPAA has a totally different view on the matter , and sees torrent sites as commercial operations with the sole intention of cashing in on copyright infringement .
Steven Fabrizio , the MPAA lawyer who also represented the RIAA in their case against Napster is very clear about MPAA ’s battle plan .
It is not so much about taking the site offline , the ultimate goal is to scare those who operate BitTorrent sites by pursuing exorbitant damages .
In their case against TorrentSpy they continued to push for damages in court even though the site had been taken down , and now they are coming for a piece of the next torrent site .
isoHunt has no plans to discontinue its operations voluntarily , but should they lose in court against the MPAA and ordered to pay a fine , Fabrizio promises that the movie industry lobby will do everything it can to come and collect .
Fabrizio is well aware that Fung wont be able to pay millions if is oHunt ends up losing , but the MPAA is patient .
“ The judgment does n’t go away .
If Gary Fung creates a legitimate website , we ’ll be there .
If he sells that company for $ 100 million , we ’ll be there .
For the rest of his life we ’ll be able to pursue that judgment , ” the MPAA lawyer told the Financial Post .
The comments made by the MPAA lawyer and their dealing with the cases against TorrentSpy and isoHunt almost suggests that this is a personal vendetta of the entertainment industry lobby .
In the case of TorrentSpy the MPAA is indeed keeping its word for now .
TorrentSpy owner Justin Bunnell was ordered to pay a $ 110 million fine last year after the court terminated the case against the movie industry .
This decision is currently under appeal but the MPAA has already started pursuing the awarded damages .
In isoHunt ’s case a ruling has yet to be made so all the talk about damages is purely hypothetical .
We hope that is oHunt scores a victory , but it is not an easy battle in a country where lobbyists and Hollywood funded politicians are in power .
University of Denver ( DU ) researchers find that couples who live together before they are engaged have a higher chance of getting divorced than those who wait until they are married to live together , or at least wait until they are engaged .
In addition , couples who lived together before engagement and then married , reported a lower satisfaction in their marriages .
The research , which appears in the Journal of Family Psychology , was conducted by Galena Rhoades , senior researcher , Scott Stanley , research professor , and Howard Markman , professor of psychology .
" We think that some couples who move in together without a clear commitment to marriage may wind up sliding into marriage partly because they are already cohabiting , " Rhoades says .
" It seems wise to talk about commitment and what living together might mean for the future of the relationship before moving in together , especially because cohabiting likely makes it harder to break up compared to dating , " Stanley says .
The three researchers also studied the reasons why couples decide to live together .
That study , which appeared in the Journal of Family Issues , shows that most couples chose to live together in order to spend more time together .
The second most popular reason is convenience , followed by testing the relationship .
This is different than previous research that found most people cohabit to test the relationship .
" Cohabiting to test a relationship turns out to be associated with the most problems in relationships , " Rhoades says .
" Perhaps if a person is feeling a need to test the relationship , he or she already knows some important information about how a relationship may go over time . "
Brian Stretch writes with a story about the Mini Utility Vehicle prototype from XP Vehicles , an electric car that is partly inflatable .
The recent struggles of the auto industry and a political climate that supports the development of alternative energy vehicles have given the car a better chance at actually hitting the market .
Quoting :
Welcome to the Fistful of Frags fan site .
Fistful of Frags is a classic death match FPS game with a wild west theme .
It ’s a completely free to play mod with no micro transactions .
Dead or Alive Slot Review
As an online gaming software provider , NetEnt has managed to make a name for itself due to many of the regular features
Join The Wild West in Gunslinger from Play N Go Gunslingers have the authentic feel of the Old West and is arguably one of the best slots of its kind out there .
The slot
v3.9a Full Client Installer ModDB Mirror v3.9a Full Client Installer ModDB Mirror Requirements : Windows XP / Vista /7/8 , Steam and Source SDK Base 2007 ( comes with
The controversial idea of the “ unitary executive ” in which all executive power is vested in the President of the United States may be a coherent legal theory .
But in reality , things do n’t happen within the executive branch simply because the President commands them .
In practice , what we have is a “ fragmentary executive ” the efficacy of which is entirely dependent on the competence and the good faith of thousands of officials who must consciously choose to implement the declared policies of the Administration .
With that in mind , it is noteworthy that the Secretary of Energy , Steven Chu , reiterated and endorsed the President ’s Freedom of Information
Act policy in a memorandum ( pdf ) to senior Energy Department officials this month .
“ All DOE employees have the responsibility to ensure the success of the agency ’s FOIA program , ” Secretary Chu wrote .
“ We can no longer use competing agency priorities and insufficient technological support as a basis for not responding to requests expeditiously .
DOE employees should no longer view FOIA as an additional duty .
It is your responsibility to ensure that FOIA requests are responded to in a timely manner . ”
“ I want to make it clear that DOE will adhere to the President ’s and Attorney General ’s guidance , ” Secretary Chu concluded .
See “ Freedom of Information Act , ” memorandum for heads of departmental elements from Energy Secretary Steven Chu , June 5 , 2009 ( thanks to nukewatch.org ) .
Enough already , Lt. Gov. Joe Scarnati , R- Jefferson County , says , it 's time for Gov. Ed Rendell to stop using state workers as pawns and to start paying them .
"
It is clear that the governor does not recognize that Pennsylvania families live paycheck to paycheck or he would follow the federal Fair Labor Standards
Act and refrain from using payless paydays as a budgetary scare tactic , " Scarnati said .
Rendell spokesman Chuck Ardo said the state constitution forbids the state from spending money that is not appropriated .
" The Commonwealth Court decision last year found that the state constitution overrides the federal law " that requires timely payment for time worked , Ardo said .
" We would like nothing better than to pay state workers , and that is exactly why we have been saying all along the budget should be done and done quickly . "
Scarnati disagrees with the administration 's interpretation that the state constitution trumps federal law .
He claims it is an interpretation that Rendell is using to try to force Senate Republicans to give in to his demand for a tax increase to support a higher level of state spending .
" Quite frankly , I am shocked that the governor would place the livelihoods of over 77,000 state workers and their families in jeopardy to make a case for a massive tax increase , " Scarnati said .
He added he was pleased the state Supreme Court has agreed to review the Commonwealth Court decision upon which the governor based his decision to force state employees to work even though they wo n't be paid until a new state budget is enacted .
Scarnati is urging the court to schedule oral arguments and resolution of these issues as soon as possible .
Already , 1,000 court employees have experienced a payless payday .
Last Friday , more than 33,000 state workers received a paycheck for 70 percent of the days worked in the previous pay period .
This Friday , 44,000 state workers will receive paychecks for only 20 percent of the days worked in the previous pay period .
Sir Martin Frobisher
" The noble flames that glow'd in his stout brest could ne 're be quencet , nor by that ice opprest " .
Martin Frobisher made three voyages to the Arctic between 1576 and 1578 .
He went in search of the fabled North - West Passage , a seaway said to connect the North Atlantic with the North Pacific – and a short cut from Europe to the Orient .
He was soon distracted by the discovery of what he thought was gold - bearing ore .
Frobisher found neither gold nor an open seaway to the Pacific but he did discover what is now called Frobisher Bay , South of Baffin Island .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
They shoot seahorses do n't they ...
In 1776 , Captain James Cook set sail on his third and final voyage in HMS Resolution .
The main aim was to explore the northwest coast of America and locate the North - West Passage .
John Webber , the expedition ’s official artist , captured this scene of the crew shooting walruses , or " seahorses " , in 1778 .
" On the ice lay a prodigious number of sea- horses ; and , as we were in want of fresh provisions , the boats from each ship were sent to get some , " Cook wrote .
Webber painted the event in a way that would emphasise the bravery of the men - with huge walruses looming preposterously large compared with their attackers .
The men thought the meat inedible .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
Meeting the locals
In 1818 , Captain John Ross kickstarted a new round of expeditions in search of the North - West Passage .
As interpreter , he took a Greenland Inuit called John Sacheuse , who had sailed to Scotland two years earlier aboard a whaler , learning English on the voyage .
While in Scotland , Sacheuse developed a passion for drawing and took lessons with Scottish artist and engraver Alexander Naysmyth .
This engraving by Sacheuse shows Ross and his men exchanging knives and mirrors with a group of Inuit they met while exploring Prince Regent 's Bay in northwest Greenland .
( Image : National Maritime Museum ) Advertisement
The man who ate his boots
John Franklin became famous after the disastrous Coppermine Expedition of 1819 - 22 , during which he and his men were forced to eat lichens and leather to stave off starvation .
Franklin's second overland expedition in 1825 was more successful and he charted almost 2000 kilometres of Canada 's north coast .
In 1845 he set off on a third trip in search of the North - West Passage , this time with two ships , Erebus and Terror , 129 men and supplies for three years .
Franklin , his men and the ships vanished , and their fate remained a mystery for years .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
HMS Erebus in the Ice , by Francois Etienne Musin
Erebus was one of the two ships that took John Franklin and his 129 men to the Arctic in 1845 .
The ships had reinforced hulls to resist the pressure of the ice .
They were also fitted with steam engines and screw propellers so they could get up extra speed to break the ice .
The last time the ships were spotted was in July 1845 , when a whaling ship saw them near the entrance to Lancaster Sound in Baffin Bay .
It was Franklin 's bad luck that the ice opened up to a greater than normal extent , allowing him to penetrate as far as King William Island - before freezing again and trapping the ships .
The ships were later crushed by the ice and sank .
They have never been found .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
The expedition 's last record
The British admiralty sent its first search party in 1848 .
There would be 30 such expeditions , some privately funded by Franklin 's wife Jane .
In 1853 , John Rae learned from the Inuit that the men were dead and bought items they had scavenged from the men .
Then in 1859 , Francis McClintock , sent by Lady Franklin , confirmed the worst .
His party found this record under a cairn .
It bore a note dated April 1848 , saying that Franklin had died in June 1847 , and that the survivors had left the ships and were heading overland .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
Relics from Franklin 's last expedition
Francis McClintock , sent by Lady Franklin to uncover her husband 's fate , returned with an assortment of artefacts .
In May 1859 , the searchers found an abandoned boat mounted on a sledge at Erebus Bay , King William Island .
Inside the boat were two skeletons and a strange collection of equipment , including a large number of silk handkerchiefs , towels , soap and toothbrushes and a small library of books .
More useful was this pocket chronometer .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
Dressed for the Arctic
Francis McClintock took part in several searches for the Franklin expedition .
He pioneered the use of man -hauled sledges .
In 1857 , Lady Franklin chose him to lead yet another search , paying for it with money raised from public subscription .
These are the overalls he wore to keep fine snow out of the woollen clothes he wore beneath .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
Snow goggles
Among the possessions McClintock found in an abandoned boat at Erebus Bay were some spectacles with blue - tinted lenses ( above ) .
The aim was to protect the wearer from snow blindness , a form of temporary blindness caused by prolonged exposure to bright sunlight reflected off snow and ice .
The Inuit had their own ingenious version , made from a piece of wood with a slit that limited their field of vision ( below ) .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
Medicine chest
The crews of Erebus and Terror had landed just south of Victory Point , King William Island , after abandoning their ships in 1848 .
In 1859 , Francis McClintock and his men discovered a huge amount of abandoned equipment there , including an enormous pile of winter clothes , heavy stoves , iron hoops , scientific instruments and this heavy mahogany medicine chest , " the contents in a remarkable state of preservation " .
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
Inuit recycling
The Inuit made good use of the items they found that had belonged to the Franklin expedition .
This knife , bought by the McClintock party in 1859 from Inuit they met on the Boothia Peninsula , is made from salvaged materials .
In his account of his trip , McClintock mentioned buying seven such knives .
" The knives are made either of iron or steel , riveted to two strips of hoop , between which the handle of wood is inserted and rivets passed through securing them together .
The rivets are almost all made out of copper nails , such as would be found on a copper - fastened boat . "
( Image : National Maritime Museum )
CONCERN was growing last night that the British public is not freaking out quite as much as it was supposed to .
In the last week the government , the media and a range of experts have all thrown more resources at their swine flu panic inducement strategies , including a series of contradictory announcements , random , blood - curdling death tolls and a warning that Britain 's fleet of ice cream vans will be needed to store all the dead bodies .
But despite their all - out efforts , millions of people across the country have decided to simply wash their hands twice a day and accept that if they do get swine flu the chances of them dying from it are so small as to be really quite tedious .
Nevertheless the department of health will today urge people to empty their freezers , stressing that is where they will have to store their grandmother until the army can collect her and throw her into a landfill .
Meanwhile the Daily Mail once again outlined its plans to go into administration after warning its readers that every single one of them would be dead by the end of August .
An editorial in today 's edition said : " The department of health is saying one thing and the National Childbirth Trust is saying a different thing .
How can that not make you want to rip your ears off in abject terror ? "
But Nikki Hollis , a pregnant lady from Stevenage , said : " From what I understand the National Childbirth Trust would like me to continue being pregnant until the pandemic is over , but , as I told a reporter from the Daily Mail , my due date is September 14th .
" And while I am aware of the heightened risks and the possibility of feeling yucky for a couple of days , I am slightly more focused on being about eight weeks away from pushing a human through my vagina . "
She added : " That said , I will continue to avoid crowded places and wash my hands regularly because I have actually worked out that swine flu is an airborne viral infection and not some sort of ninja . "
Reuters
The Australian town of Bundanoon , roughly 90 miles southwest of Sydney , voted to ban bottled water this week to reduce carbon dioxide emissions associated with bottling and transporting the water , according to Australian media .
Huw Kingston , a local businessman and the organizer of a campaign group , Bundy on Tap , said that 400 people turned up to the Bundanoon Memorial Hall to vote in favor of the ban , with only two casting dissenting votes , according to a report .
Free water fountains would be installed in the town to replace the bottled water , the report said .
Meanwhile , city workers in Ghent , a Flemish town northwest of Brussels , have opted to make Thursdays a “ meatless day ” and to eat vegetarian meals to improve health and reduce the impact of raising livestock on the environment , according to Ethical Vegetarian Alternative , a Belgian campaign group .
The initiative , announced in May , was backed by Tom Balthazar , a councilman for the city ’s health and environmental committee , according to the E.V.A .
From September , city - financed schools will offer a vegetarian menu on Thursdays by default , the group said .
“ All 5,000 city personnel will receive a free veggie city street map and a free vegetarian cooking brochure for professionals will be sent to all 1,500 restaurants , ” the group said .
“ There will be cooking classes for both professionals and individuals , ” it said .
Climate and food experts say that the livestock industry contributes about 18 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions .
Frank McCourt " told his writing students that they were their own best material , " said William Grimes in The New York Times , and he proved it .
McCourt , who died Sunday at 78 , won a Pulitzer Prize for his " phenomenally popular " memoir , Angela 's Ashes , after he retired as a New York City school teacher .
His book about his " miserable childhood " in Limerick , Ireland — his family living in abject poverty , his father an alcoholic — demonstrated " incongruously lilting , buoyant prose , and its heartfelt urgency struck a remarkable chord with readers and critics . "
McCourt was also a skilled and well - liked teacher for nearly 30 years , Dennis McLellan in the Los Angeles Times .
He would " regale his students with his horrifying and often hilarious tales of his childhood in Ireland . "
But he was also a late - bloomer :
It was n't until he was in his mid-60s and retired from the school system that he wrote Angela 's Ashes , followed by ' Tis , Teacher Man , and Angela and the Baby Jesus .
" Fame and fortune transformed McCourt 's last years , " said Lev Grossman in Time , but they did n't change him .
Aside from his residence in Manhattan , " he bought a second home in Connecticut , next door to Arthur Miller . "
There is now an Angela 's Ashes walking tour in Limerick .
" I wrote a book about growing up miserable , and the next thing I know I 'm here , " McCourt once said .
" It 's absurd , is n't it ?
It 's extraordinary . "
“ HI , I ’m Judy Nichols .
Welcome to my rant . ”
Thus was born Rantings of a Crazed Soccer Mom , the blog of a stay - at - home mother and murder - mystery writer from Wilmington , N.C. Mrs.
Nichols , 52 , put up her first post in late 2004 , serving up a litany of gripes about the Bush administration and people who thought they had “ a monopoly on morality . ”
After urging her readers to vote for John Kerry , she closed with a flourish : “ Practice compassionate regime change . ”
The post generated no comments .
Today , Mrs. Nichols speaks about her blog as if it were a diet or half - finished novel .
“ I ’m going to get back to it , ” she swears .
Her last entry , in December of last year , was curt and none too profound .
“ Books make great gifts , ” she began , breaking a silence of nearly a month .
Like Mrs. Nichols , many people start blogs with lofty aspirations  to build an audience and leave their day job , to land a book deal , or simply to share their genius with the world .
Getting started is easy , since all it takes to maintain a blog is a little time and inspiration .
So why do blogs have a higher failure rate than restaurants ?
According to a 2008 survey by Technorati , which runs a search engine for blogs , only 7.4 million out of the 133 million blogs the company tracks had been updated in the past 120 days .
That translates to 95 percent of blogs being essentially abandoned , left to lie fallow on the Web , where they become public remnants of a dream  or at least an ambition  unfulfilled .
Google appears to be throwing down the gauntlet in the e-book market .
In discussions with publishers at the annual BookExpo convention in New York over the weekend , Google signaled its intent to introduce a program by that would enable publishers to sell digital versions of their newest books direct to consumers through Google .
The move would pit Google against Amazon.com , which is seeking to control the e-book market with the versions it sells for its Kindle reading device .
Google ’s move is likely to be welcomed by publishers who have expressed concerns about the possibility that Amazon will dominate the market for e-books with its aggressive pricing strategy .
Amazon offers Kindle editions of most new best - sellers for $ 9.99 , a price far lower than the typical $ 26 at which publishers sell new hardcovers .
In early discussions , Google has said it would allow publishers to set a suggested retail price , but that it would set the ultimate consumer price .
“ Clearly , any major company coming into the e-book space , providing that we are happy with the pricing structure , the selling price and the security of the technology , will be a welcome addition , ” said David Young , chief executive of Hachette Book Group , which publishes blockbuster authors like James Patterson , Stephenie Meyer and Nicholas Sparks .
Google ’s e-book retail program would be separate from the company ’s settlement with authors and publishers over its book - scanning project , under which Google has scanned more than seven million volumes from several university libraries .
A majority of those books are out of print .
Sen .
Grassley , the Mad Twitterer , was on with Andrea Mitchell and she asked him about the public option .
She did n't bring up his tweets , unfortunately .
He said that he was against the public option because a think tank study told him around a hundred and nineteen million people would opt out of private health insurance and join it .
So WTF is wrong with that ?
What does that say about the health care in America ?
If 80 % of the people are satisfied with the insurance they have then why would they leave it for a public option ?
Simple questions need simple answers , but with people like Grassley as a Senator , you know this country is in trouble .
Indecision Forever :
Please donate to C&L's 2009 funder .
We 've received over 100 so far ...
Just how many file - sharers has the RIAA gone after ?
Those in the know were widely reporting a figure just north of 30,000 cases — the RIAA never liked to provide exact numbers — but the music trade group stated in a recent court filing that the real number of people sued is only 18,000 .
What 's going on ?
Back in 2006 , an article in the Kansas City Business Journal noted that local law firm Shook Hardy & Bacon ( the firm that first contacted Jammie Thomas - Rasset ) would no longer be handling the RIAA 's litigation campaign .
The paper quoted an " RIAA spokeswoman " as saying that the group had pursued 18,000 separate defendants .
( As we 'll see later , this may have been a misunderstanding . )
In the years since , the campaign shifted gears and targeted college students more heavily than it had in the past ; total numbers climbed well above those noted back in 2006 until the RIAA pulled the plug on the campaign last year .
Earlier this year , the Wall Street Journal interviewed EFF lawyer Fred von Lohmann about the Jammie Thomas - Rasset case , and von Lohmann noted that the RIAA had so far " targeted about 35,000 people , many of whom seemed to settle usually in the neighborhood of between $ 3,000 - $ 5,000 . "
The litigation campaign , which has been carried out by various law firms ( it currently appears to be run by Denver - based Holme Roberts & Owen ) , is overseen by Matt Oppenheim , a Washington , DC lawyer who used to work for the RIAA but has now started his own practice .
Oppenheim provided new information about the campaign in a declaration filed in federal court last week as part of Tanya Andersen 's class - action - status - seeking lawsuit against the recording industry .
In his declaration , Oppenheim provided some hard numbers on the campaign after consulting the master case management database .
The record companies have contacted " over 18,000 people , " 12,500 of whom were identified only by filing federal Doe lawsuits and then by serving a subpoena on an ISP .
The rest were notified when their ISPs forwarded warning letters from the RIAA ( no subpoena needed ) .
Out of the 18,000 total cases , 11,000 either settled immediately or were not prosecuted for some reason by the labels .
7,000 people held out or did not respond , and the RIAA filed named federal lawsuits against them .
Once that happened , most of these people also settled ; recall that Jammie Thomas - Rasset 's case has been the only one to progress to an actual trial since the litigation campaign began years ago .
Not everyone went down without a fight .
Oppenheim notes that " in more than 100 instances , " defendants filed counterclaims against the RIAA for things like abuse of process and civil conspiracy ; the vast majority of these were tossed .
Oppenheim also had some words of warning for defendants who settled their cases with the RIAA before being named in a lawsuit , but who might now be tempted to join suits like Andersen 's ( a similar class - action suit was announced by Jammie Thomas - Rasset 's lawyer earlier this summer ) .
It 's worth quoting in full :
In cases where PNL [ pre - naming letter ] recipients settled before being named in individual lawsuits ,
the people who settled did not receive releases of claims .
The Record Companies
promised not to pursue any further action against setting persons , and kept those
promises .
In the event that a settling person were to assert a claim against the Record
Companies , however — either themselves or derivatively , such as through the class action Andersen seeks to pursue on their behalf — the Record Companies would
likely defend the action by demonstrating that these claimants infringed , and thus cannot
claim " abuse of process " or any of the other torts Ms. Andersen asserts .
Upon
demonstrating this infringement in court , the Record Companies would have the legal
right to damages far in excess of prior settlement payments .
Indeed , in the overwhelming
number of instances , the settlement amounts were only a fraction of the minimum
statutory damages that would have been due had the case actually been litigated .
In other words , do n't join the lawsuit or you could end up on the hook for far more money .
A matter of perspective
So how to explain the discrepancy in the numbers ?
Has the RIAA contacted 18,000 people or 35,000 ?
The answer , according to an RIAA spokeswoman , is that both numbers are true in their own way .
The 18,000 figure is the number of unique individuals contacted during the course of the campaign , but of course many of these individuals were sued twice — first as Does , and later as named defendants once their identities had been revealed by the ISP .
" We have filed more than 30,000 suits , " the RIAA tells Ars , " which include both named and Doe suits . "
Further reading :
Mozilla confirmed that it is scheduled to release Firefox 3.5 on Tuesday morning .
Mozilla is scheduled to release Firefox 3.5 on Tuesday morning .
" The Mozilla team is mobilizing to ship Firefox 3.5 and it's looking like Tuesday morning , " a Mozilla spokeswoman said in an e-mail .
Tuesday 's unveiling will come after three Firefox 3.5 release candidates in three weeks .
The first RC was made available in mid-June to about 800,000 beta users .
The June 22 RC2 then incorporated feedback from the RC1 beta users , as did the final June 25 RC3 .
Firefox 3.5 will include a private browsing mode that hides browser activity , a sped - up JavaScript engine known as TraceMonkey , new location services , and support for several emerging HTML 5 features .
HTML 5 support will allow the browser to natively play video encoded in the open source Ogg Theora format and Ogg Vorbis audio , which provides for manipulation and editing of video without the use of an external program .
Firefox 3.0 made its debut in June 2008 , and heavy demand for the updated browser prompted Mozilla to delay its release for several hours .
When it finally went live , the company reported an estimated 14,000 downloads per minute , and a total of 8 million downloads in 24 hours .
Firefox is now used by 300 million people , up from 175 million last year , Mike Beltzner , Mozilla 's director of Firefox , told PCMag.com last week .
Global market share is now at 22 percent , and in some countries that number is closing in on 50 percent , he said .
Beltzner said he expects the cumulative number of Firefox downloads from its Web site to surpass 1 billion shortly after Firefox 3.5 ships .
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated at 5 pm Eastern time to clarify Beltzner 's comments regarding expected Firefox 3.5 downloads .
Also , check out PCMag.com 's full review of Firefox 3.5 .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The U.S. economy shrank at an annual pace of 6.1 % in the first quarter -- almost as much as it did in the fourth quarter of 2008 , according to a government report Wednesday .
The drop was much worse than expected .
According to economists surveyed by Briefing.com , expectations were for a drop of 4.7 % in gross domestic product , the broadest measure of the nation 's economic activity .
The first quarter decline was the second biggest drop recorded in 26 years , behind only the fourth quarter reading .
GDP fell 6.3 % in the last three months of last year .
Still , investors did n't appear to be too upset by the news .
Major U.S. stock indexes were all up more than 1 % in the first half hour of trading Wednesday .
While the overall GDP figure was disappointing , there were some signs of improvement in the report 's other readings .
Purchases by individuals rose at an annual 2.2 % rate , the first time personal spending rose since the second quarter of 2008 .
A smaller trade gap also limited the rate of economic decline .
But businesses pulled back on spending a great deal in the first quarter , as purchases of equipment and software declined at a 34 % annual rate , the sharpest decline in 50 years .
This drop accounted for 2.6 percentage points of the overall decline in GDP .
Businesses also slashed their inventories by more than $ 100 billion during the quarter , the biggest drop on record .
That contributed another 2.8 percentage points to the drop in GDP .
State and local governments also cut back on spending .
Robert Brusca of FAO
Economics said the huge drop in inventories is good news for the economy going forward , because it will force businesses to start ramping up production again quickly once there are more signs of increased demand from consumers .
So even though the declines in GDP reported in the fourth and first quarter were similar , Brusca thinks this latest report is far more positive .
" This is the best minus 6 % reading we 've ever had , " he said .
Wachovia economist Adam York said the sharp plunge in inventories needed to take place in order for the economy to be able to turn around .
Now that businesses have made that adjustment , York said there could be growth in the overall economy as soon as the second quarter .
But he cautioned that growth was more likely to resume in the second half of this year .
" We 're in the light at the end of the tunnel camp , " he said .
" This sets us up for a traditional business cycle recovery . "
Still , the economic decline during this recession , which started in December 2007 , has been one of the deepest since the Great Depression .
Since the second quarter of 2008 , when nearly $ 100 billion in stimulus checks sent to taxpayers caused a spike in spending , overall economic activity has dropped by 3.3 % .
That 's the biggest three - quarter decline since the government started calculating GDP on a quarterly basis in 1947 .
The first quarter report comes as the Federal Reserve is set to wrap up a two - day meeting later Wednesday .
Investors will be watching closely to see what the central bank , which has cut rates to nearly 0 % and taken other measures to try to revive the economy , says about the economic outlook .
The U.S. population is approximately 300 million , and if the U.S. population growth keeps increasing at the current rate , we ’ll reach 400 million by 2043 .
As Lester Brown of the Earth Policy Institute points out , this is not a good trend .
“ U.S. population growth is the ever expanding denominator that gives each person a shrinking share of the resource pie , ” Brown says .
“ It contributes to water shortages , cropland conversion to non-farm uses , traffic congestion , more garbage , overfishing , a growing dependence on imported oil and other conditions that diminish the quality of our daily lives . ”
In other First World countries ( France , the United Kingdom , Germany , Italy and Japan ) , populations have either slightly dropped or stayed constant .
“ It may be time for the United States to establish a national population policy , one that would lead toward population stabilization sooner rather than later , ” Brown says .
With so much talk about conservation of declining resources , it may be important to switch the focus toward population stabilization and then decide how to stretch the resources among society .
Hours after the Sunday morning shooting death of late - term abortion doctor George Tiller in Wichita , Kan. , a Boulder physician — who says he could be the only doctor in the world still performing the procedure — said Tiller ’s assassination was the “ absolutely inevitable consequence ” of decades of anti-abortion fanaticism .
“ I ’m profoundly sad and I ’m furious and I think the American people need to understand that we have a fascist movement in this country , ” Dr. Warren Hern told The Colorado Independent on Sunday .
“ We do n’t have to invade Iraq to find terrorists .
They ’re right here killing abortion doctors . ”
“ Every doctor that does abortions has been under an assassination threat for decades , ” Hern said .
“ The anti-abortion movement message is , ‘ Do what we tell you to do or we will kill you , ’ and they do .
This is a fascist movement . ”
Hern laid blame for Tiller ’s death at the feet of the anti-abortion movement ’s encouragement of violence against abortion providers and the Republican Party ’s “ exploitation ” of the extremist rhetoric .
“ Dr. Tiller is dead by an anti-abortion assassin , and this is the absolutely inevitable consequence of 35 years of anti-abortion fanatic rhetoric and intimidation and assassination violence and exploitation by the Republican Party of this movement , ” Hern told the Independent .
Hern , who described Tiller as “ a good friend of mine , ” said he does n’t “ know of any other doctors in the world doing late abortions like I am . ”
The Boulder Abortion Clinic , run by Hern since he founded the practice in 1975 , has as its motto “ Specializing in Late Abortions for Fetal Disorders ” .
Hern declined to say whether he planned any changes to his security precautions after the killing of Tiller , who was shot to death while ushering at his Lutheran church .
Noting that Tiller is the “ fifth American doctor to be assassinated , ” Hern told the Los Angeles Times he ’s well aware of the dangers .
“ I get messages from these people saying , ‘ Do n’t bother wearing a bulletproof vest , we ’re going for a head shot . ’ “
A statement on the Boulder Abortion Clinic ’s Web site addresses Hern ’s concerns about safety for the clinic ’s patients :
By its name and continued existence , Boulder Abortion Clinic makes a statement that women are free to make their own choices about their own lives , bodies , and family needs .
I have been personally involved from the beginning of my medical career in advocacy of reproductive freedom , and I continue in this commitment .
We have survived anti-abortion harassment and violence and shown our determination to provide these services in spite of everything .
As a result , our patients are protected by the highest standards of safety and security when they come to my office .
CLARIFICATION :
The notion that Dr. Warren
Hern is the last remaining late - abortion provider in America is not accurate , according to reproductive health experts .
While there are few physicians who advertise the rare service as Dr. Hern does , third - trimester abortions are available in many parts of the country , by physician referral , to women experiencing serious , life - threatening medical conditions and in the event of a stillborn or gravely ill baby .
– Ed .
Recession impacts every single small business owner in one way or another .
That being said , not all small business owners are trying their best to beat the recession and thrive .
Some small business owners do drown in the economic turmoil – Some survive , and some others going out of business .
However bad the recession is , some business owners seem to use the recession as an excuse to procrastinate .
They use starting - all - over - again anxiety , this - is - not - the - right - time business analysis , and any other excuses to stop doing what a business person should do – Gather him / herself , and start all over again to speed up local economy recovery , and eventually global economy recovery .
As more and more unemployed ( due to downsizing ) are “ forced ” to enter entrepreneurship , the local economy will soon also be “ forced ” to get back on track – Being an entrepreneur is hot today !
If you procrastinate , you shall lose competitive edge when the wave of economic recovery has begun .
Case study : How Eugene , Oregon - based Cafe Yumm enhances the local economy
Procrastinators – Shame on you !
You should watch this business news video to help you give an idea why you should get out of your “ comfort zone ” ( it ’s actually not that comfort , anyway . )
Cafe Yumm offers healthy and organic food , as well as the healthy complementary products , the Yumm Sauces .
It is buzzed as one of the 10 fastest growing company in Oregon ( According to Portland Business Journal ) – The Cafe is on expansion mode right now , by establishing more stores and tripling the office space .
The impact : More jobs for the local area .
Cafe Yumm does n’t stop there –
They expand to the Internet , establishing a website and blog , doing social media marketing on Facebook and Twitter , and build a community on those social media ( including sharing Yumm sauce recipes among members . )
They are also in the process of using YouTube for social media marketing purposes .
How ’s that for thriving in the recession ?
Ivan Widjaya
No procrastination in recession times allowed !
Our international removals to USA services can often be amended to accommodate a varying range of client budgets and time frames .
We can send removals to USA using air freight or sea freight vessels , although sea freight is the most commonly used transport method for large domestic and commercial removals .
USAn removals using the air freight method are recommended for smaller since air freight costs are calculated based on the WEIGHT of your removals , so air freight can become quite an expensive transport method for removals from the UK to USA .
However , air freight means you can receive your removals in USA within 7 to 10 days .
If you are looking for cheap international removals to USA from the UK , we would always suggest one of our sea freight solutions .
If the size of your removals is reserved , you can use our shared option .
Your removal will be assesses , packed and loaded onto shipping container that is shared with other customers and you will only pay for the space your items occupy within said container , based on their cubic volume .
Alternatively , for larger home removals or commercial removals to USA , a dedicated shipping container removal is ideal .
You will pay one flat rate for a 20ft or 40ft shipping container that is for your exclusive use and you can fill the container how you wish – even with a vehicle !
The economical shipping method means you will have to wait slightly longer as sea freight delivery is 6 to 8 weeks , but it is highly recommended for full removals and those looking for a money saving removals option .
Your move coordinator will be able to discuss our international removals services with you in greater detail , discuss the best option for your requirements and provide you with a removals to USA quote .
Windows 7 will ship without Internet Explorer in Europe , in an effort by Microsoft to offer the product on time and without running afoul of competitive regulations in Europe , the company said .
Microsoft on Thursday confirmed a Cnet story quoting from a memo that the software giant sent this week to PC makers .
The move stems from a complaint that Web browser developer Opera filed with the European Commission last year saying that Microsoft gets an unfair advantage by tying IE with Windows .
Mozilla has joined Opera in the suit .
By shipping Windows 7 without the browser , Microsoft avoids potential requirements to delay shipment or other sanctions .
The memo says that Microsoft will offer the computer makers a way to add the browser onto computers before they are sold .
But it 's unclear how people who are upgrading to Windows 7 will be able to get IE .
A Microsoft spokesman said the company is preparing a blog post that should go live Thursday that will offer more details about the decision to remove IE from Windows 7 and about how Europeans will be able to get the browser .
The EC 's browser case follows a landmark antitrust ruling against Microsoft in 2004 , resulting in fines of more than US $ 1 billion .
Part of that case dealt with the bundling , or tying , of Media Player to the Windows OS .
" Such a short lifetime means that the top quark decays before it has time to hadronize .
The large top - quark width can act as an infrared cutoff in the calculation of physical quantities , insulating the top quark from the effects of nonperturbative QCD . "
" Motivated by these facts , we ask whether the top quark pole mass is free of the ambiguities associated with nonperturbative QCD .
The purpose of this article is to demonstrate that this is not the case . "
Yesterday I posted a short article whose main purpose was to show a figure I had received from Sven Heinemeyer , a phenomenologist who specializes in the study of Minimal Supersymmetric extensions of the Standard Model ( MSSM ) .
Besides predicting a mirror copy of Standard Model ( SM ) particles , MSSM models are characterized by containing not just one , but five distinct Higgs bosons ; over much of the space of possible parameters of these theories , one of the five Higgs bosons is quite similar to the one and only SM Higgs , so that one can discuss the SM Higgs and the lightest neutral scalar of the MSSM together without generating confusion .
Sven , who is a friend , is kind enough to periodically produce updated plots of the impact of the measured top quark and W boson masses on the unknown mass of the ( lightest )
Higgs boson .
And he does it exactly the way I like - no frills , no extraneous information ( such as indirect results on the W mass , which make the plot too crowded while adding information which most of us is willing to ignore ) , no individual measurements but actual world averages , and no silly projections to what a " giga - Z " or a " SLHC " promises to provide in terms of precision on the top quark and the W boson masses .
And I pay him back as I can - by posting them here .
So allow me to show the plot again , because I am going to spend some time discussing it in detail below .
I of course realize that I am guilty of letting some of you down : space limitations force me to defer to the next article the nuts and bolts behind the inter-relation of top , W , and Higgs masses , which generates the upward parabolic curves of W mass versus top mass that you can see in the red region , each corresponding to a well - defined Higgs boson mass .
Here you need to let me get away with just the following note on the plot : within the SM , a perfect knowledge of top and W masses would indicate the exact value of the Higgs boson mass , while more data - knowledge of the masses of SUSY particles , for instance - would be needed to get the same information in case of a MSSM Higgs .
Once we agree on that point , we can discuss in some detail what this particular version of Sven 's series of " Mw - Mt " plots mean .
As the most up - to - date of you have probably already noticed yesterday , in fact , the blue ellipse describing the present status of our knowledge of top and W masses looks really funny .
What is the business with a top mass well below 170 GeV ?
The Tevatron average says that the top mass is 173.1+ - 1.3 GeV ...
As I quickly mentioned yesterday , the top quark is not entitled to have a perfectly well - defined pole mass .
Here is why .
The propagation of an elementary particle is expressed in quantum field theory by a " propagator " - duh- , a function of the particle 's four - momentum , which has a pole ( a value where it becomes infinite ) for a specific value of four - momentum squared .
The real part of the pole is what is called the particle 's " pole mass " .
While the above definition is exact for non-strongly - interacting particles which approximate the notion of a stable , " asymptotic " state , for heavy quarks - even " stable " ones - it is not so , because non-perturbative quantum chromodynamical processes affect the mass and make it ambiguous by an amount proportional to the energy scale of non-perturbative QCD effects , or .
200 MeV , give or take a few .
Now , the top quark is often thought to be " free from quantum chromodynamical ( QCD ) effects " despite being a coloured object ( thus a source of QCD colour field , and so in principle all but decoupled from that interaction ) .
The reason of that misconception is that physicists like to approximate , and they claim that since the top quark has a lifetime ten times shorter than the typical time scale at which QCD interactions act , there follows that the top quark is effectively " free " , and that it can therefore be treated as if it were an asymptotic state .
A quite instructive 1997 paper by M. Smith and S. Willenbrock explains that while it is true that the top quark usually decays without having the time to radiate soft gluons or dress up in a colorless meson ( " the top quark does not hadronize " ) , it is erroneous to believe that what we measure by reconstructing the energy of its bona - fide decay products is the true pole mass .
To use Smith and Willenbrock 's words , The point that the authors of the 1997 paper make is that while the top quark , taken alone , does produce exactly just a b-quark and a W boson , and that both those particles can be measured with good precision and no ambiguity in a collider detector , the picture is incomplete .
The correct diagram to draw is not the simple one shown on the left in the figure below , but the much more complex one shown on the right .
In the graph labeled " ( b ) " you see why the top quark can never be " taken alone " : it is always color - connected by a coloured line passing through the b-quark and the other quarks participating in the b hadronization , with another quark produced somewhere else by the collision , and perfectly oblivious of the kinematics of top decay .
This fact manifests itself in the uncertain energy of the b-quark jet , because the jet of colourless hadrons produced by the b-quark hadronization forcefully contains a quark which is coming not from the top quark , but from some other player in the interaction .
This in turn leads to a uncertainty in the measured top mass , when one computes it using the kinematics of the W boson and the b-quark jet that the top quark has decayed into .
To summarize , there is an ambiguity , which is in fact of the order of .
This prevents us from claiming that by reconstructing the W - b invariant mass we are measuring exactly the top pole mass .
There is another definition of the top quark mass of which I wish to make you aware , in case you are not .
This is the " running " mass - a mass whose value changes with the particle 's energy .
I will try to explain what that means in simple terms below .
Heavy quarks are studied by producing them in high - energy particle collisions .
At such energies , the strong force is considerably weaker than at low energy : that is because we are probing these quarks at a shorter distance ( since collision energy can be pictured as the inverse of the probe 's wavelength ) , and by doing that we are overcoming part of the " anti- screening effect " of the colour field around the quark .
Anti-screening arises because a colour charge polarizes the medium around itself , effectively becoming surrounded by virtual gluons .
Gluons are themselves sources of the colour field , such that from a distance , one sees a larger colour charge than that of the actual source !
If one uses a high - energy probe and wades inside the forest of virtual gluons , however , the effective colour charge one sees from the source is smaller .
That is precisely the reason for the dependence of the strength of QCD interactions with the energy at which those interactions act .
Ok , so we have a " running " strong coupling constant .
Its exact dependence on the energy of the interaction contains a free parameter , which is called " renormalization scale " .
In short , this is a cut - off for the calculation of divergent integrals in some of the virtual diagrams contributing to the strength of the interaction .
The renormalization scale of a process is a quantity that affects all theoretical calculations of quantities that can be measured in that process .
Now , theorists have found out that re-defining the mass of heavy quarks in a way that makes them dependent on the renormalization scale , their perturbative calculations of processes involving these quarks become less uncertain and better defined .
So they use a value of the top mass which depends on the energy scale at which the process is studied , and they talk about " short - distance masses " .
For all practical purposes , experimentalists need not bother about these details : they just need from theorists a prediction for the value of observable quantities , and observable quantities are of course independent on the choice of the renormalization scale or other parameters .
So , as an experimentalist , I am actually happy to not have to mess with the running top quark mass ; however , when the running top quark mass is the means through which a better measurement of the top pole mass can be obtained , I become all ears .
After the long babble above , which had the purpose of making a clumsy attempt at defining what is meant by " top pole mass " and " running top mass " , I can get closer to explaining what is the input to Sven 's plot above .
A couple of weeks ago U.Langenfeld , S.Moch , and P. Uwer have produced an important study which shows how , from the measured cross-section of top pair production at the Tevatron , a value of the running top quark mass can be obtained .
Today , as I was reading the work of Langenfeld et al. to report about it here , it occurred to me that if I did I would be really getting closer to speaking about things I do not understand well than I feel comfortable with : after all , the paper in question is extremely technical ( check the snapshot on the right if you do not believe me ) !
So I decided to ask Sven if he would offer the authors of that study to do it in my place , in a guest post .
Pending an answer ( hopefully positive ) to my request , I will just summarize the result of their study in the remainder of this article .
I think this is fair , given the already biblical length that it has reached .
A dependence of the cross section for top production on the top mass is not anything new : we know that the heavier an elementary particle is , the harder it is to produce it in a hadron collision , and we also know the main reason for it : the decreasing probability of finding quarks with suitable energy to give rise to that reaction inside the colliding hadrons .
These are the so - called " parton distribution functions " , which should not be unfamiliar to anybody who has read this blog for long enough .
There exist several precise calculations of the top pair production cross section at the Tevatron .
In hep -ph/0906.5273 , however , the authors have computed the cross section including some specific terms which depend on the factorization and renormalization scale more accurately than in the past , to an accuracy called " next - to - next - to - leading order " ( NNLO ) .
The inclusion of precise scale - dependent terms allowed them to make use of the measured cross-section of top quark pair production to determine the value of the running top mass , and from it , to arrive at a new determination of the top pole mass ( which can be easily obtained from the running mass ) : this is nearly orthogonal information to what the Tevatron has produced on the top mass so far , because the top quark mass measurements by CDF and DZERO use the final state of top quark decay , rather than the production phase of top pairs !
Moreover , the new work allowed the authors to find out that the residual theoretical uncertainties on the running top mass are quite small , and that a 10 % uncertainty in the pair production cross section available from the CDF and DZERO production rate measurements converts to a quite appealing 2 % uncertainty on the running top mass .
For example , the figure on the left shows how the computed top pair production cross-section varies as a function of the choice of renormalization and factorization scales , when the cross section is evaluated by using leading - order approximation ( in red ) , next - to - leading order approximations ( in green ) , and NNLO approximations ( in blue ) .
The rectangles on the left span the cross section uncertainty at LO , NLO , and NNLO .
At NNLO , there is almost no more dependence on the ratio of scales !
This is a very appealing result : perturbative expansions performed with a grain of salt may cancel part of the scale dependence in the results .
The figure on the right , also taken from the paper by Langenfeld et al. , shows the dependence of ( almost - exact ) NNLO top pair production cross-section on the running top mass .
The experimental determination on the cross section is shown by the two horizontal lines at 7.2 and 9.1 picobarns : they hit the functional form extracted at NNLO by the authors at specific mass values , which bracket the new running mass measurement : the result found is , which translates in a top pole mass of 168.2 +- 3.6 GeV.
So that , finally , is what really enters in the plot I posted at the top of this post : the 168.2 GeV top pole mass extracted from Tevatron cross section measurements .
If you go back to the top of this article , you can see that the blue ellipse is quite wider than earlier issues of the same figure ( see here for the one produced in March this year ) : that is because the direct determinations of the top pole mass at the Tevatron have by now a 0.7 % total uncertainty ; also , the top mass value found by using the top cross section turns out to be significantly lower , although compatible within error bars .
The above is significant , new information , which of course is bound to arise the interest of Supersymmetry fans : in fact , as the top quark mass becomes lower , the Higgs boson mass predicted by the Standard Model theory also decreases , reaching down further in the region where the LEP II experiments have already excluded its existence .
Besides the location and size of the blue ellipse , there are a dozen of additional questions that an inspection of the new MW - MT figure causes .
Let me list them in random order as an add - on to the above article .
If your favourite question is not in the list below , please use the comments box below and shoot .
1 ) What exactly does the blue ellipse mean ?
Is it a 1 - sigma interval in both mass measurements ?
It looks wider than that ... The ellipse is centered on the world average W boson mass , and on the top quark pole mass as estimated from the running mass , as I have described above .
The horizontal and vertical extensions of the ellipse do not correspond to 1 - sigma variations : they are made in a way that the ellipse encompasses an area which has globally a 68 % chance of containing the real value of those two quantities , given the experimental uncertainties on the measured values .
To capture 68 % of a two - dimensional Gaussian distribution you have to extend in each direction to more than one standard deviation , because one standard deviation would mean taking all the possible values of one of the two values , if the other lays between - 1 and +1 sigma .
2 ) Why do the green and red areas overlap only marginally ?
Does that mean that MSSM and SM can be distinguished by the observed mass of the lightest neutral Higgs boson ?
Both the Standard Model and Supersymmetry theories may live with a lightest neutral scalar particle just above the LEP II bound of 114.4 GeV .
However , if the Higgs is much heavier - say above 135 GeV - SUSY becomes inconsistent , while the SM is still good .
In that sense , excluding a neutral Higgs boson below 135 GeV will put in a significant embarassment all SUSY phenomenologists , including Sven :) 3 )
I understand that the red area encompasses possible solutions within the Standard Model of particle physics , still not ruled out by experimental searches , and that they correspond to different masses of the Higgs boson , which varies from light to heavy as we get farther from the top boundary of the area .
But what exactly is the meaning of the green area instead ?
Is that a function of the Higgs mass too ?
The plot is in truth slightly deceiving , but it has become customary to summarize in it two concurrent theories in two different ways : one model - the SM - is shown as a function of the Higgs mass , and another class of models together - the many MSSM alternatives - as a ( loose ) function of the supersymmetric particle masses .
As you move down from the upper boundary of the green area you are hypothesizing larger and larger SUSY particle masses , but this does not correspond to a clear variation of the Higgs boson mass .
In fact , all MSSM models require the lightest neutral Higgs boson to have a mass smaller than about 135 GeV : above that value , the theories are inconsistent ; no combination of the many parameters of supersymmetry is capable of enabling the lightest
Higgs boson to be heavier than that .
So much so , that theorists have invented a ad - hoc scenario , the so - called Mh-max one , to see just how much breathing air SUSY had once the LEP II experiments started excluding Higgs masses above the Z mass .
4 ) When will the W boson and top quark mass be measured with an accuracy sufficient to measure the Higgs boson mass to an accuracy of a few tens of GeV ?
Which of the two masses is more important in this respect ?
The dependence of the Higgs mass on the top and W masses is only logarithmic , as I plan to demonstrate in detail in the next post .
The exact functional dependence implies that one needs to measure accurately both W and top masses to have some information on the Higgs .
Now , while the W mass has been measured with a precision exceeding a part per two thousand , the top mass is only known within seven parts in a thousand .
This does not mean that we must stop measuring the W mass and concentrate on the top mass , however : quite the opposite !
In truth , the top mass has by now almost stopped delivering further constraint on the Higgs mass from the formula describing their interplay , as soon as we reached a 1 % accuracy .
The W mass is now all that matters .
This is actually evident if you examine the plot more closely : the curves describing different values of the Higgs mass in the red area are almost horizontal , which means that by increasing the precision of the top mass one does not gain anything .
It is only by narrowing the band of allowed W masses that one constrains the Higgs nowadays .
So , cheer up : the CDF experiment is about to release a new W mass measurement , which will be the best in the world , and provide a total uncertainty on the W mass probably smaller than a part in four thousands !
Rangzieb Ahmed was jailed for life last year Former shadow home secretary David Davis says he has seen " compelling " evidence that British intelligence services " outsourced torture " .
Mr Davis cited Rangzieb Ahmed , from Rochdale , who was jailed for life in the UK for being an al - Qaeda planner .
He claims the intelligence services allowed Ahmed to go to Pakistan where they alerted the authorities who arrested him and tortured him .
The government has insisted the UK has never " condoned the use of torture " .
Mr Davis first made his allegations on Tuesday in the House of Commons .
Using the legal protection afforded to MPs , he said there was a chain of evidence of complicity in torture and passive rendition .
' Absolutely certain ' Speaking to BBC Radio 4 's Today programme on Wednesday , Mr Davis reiterated his claims .
He said he could not reveal his sources , but had seen " a whole load of corroborative evidence " to support his claim regarding Ahmed .
" I 'm afraid to say that having gone through it all , cross - checked it , looked at it , it is compelling to me , " he said .
" I am absolutely certain of the case . "
Mr Davis said that although British police and the intelligence services had enough surveillance material to charge Ahmed , they still allowed him to go to Pakistan .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
Once there , British intelligence suggested to the Pakistani authorities he should be arrested .
A list of questions to be put to Ahmed was drawn up by the security services and Manchester police , said Mr Davis .
Ahmed has said he was whipped with tyre rubber , beaten with staves and had three fingernails pulled out .
Mr Davis accused the government of misusing arguments of national security to cover up complicity in torture .
He raised the case of Binyam Mohamed , a former UK resident who alleges he was tortured by US agents in Pakistan , Morocco and Afghanistan and that UK agencies were complicit in the practice .
In February , two British judges claimed they had been prevented from publishing details of Mr Mohamed 's treatment by the government because the US had threatened to stop sharing intelligence with the UK if they did .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The government has fought tooth and nail and used the law ruthlessly to prevent things coming out in the public domain , " Mr Davis said .
" The two judges , very senior judges , one a law lord , dealing with the Binyam Mohamed case have been stopped from putting a summary , a very vetted summary , of the complicity of the US and UK governments in torture into the public domain .
" If you are using secrecy to either prevent political embarrassment or to cover up a crime , rather than protecting national security , then that secrecy is being misused . "
Foreign Secretary David Miliband has said the US did not threaten to withdraw co-operation over the case and the government was opposed to the use of torture .
Judicial inquiry Mr Davis said he had used parliamentary privilege to make his claims because he was afraid of " tripping over the Official Secrets Act " .
" Nothing that was said was not in the public interest to be in the public domain , but I also wanted to make very sure that I did n't suddenly find someone being prosecuted for doing something that was actually the right thing , " he added .
The former shadow home secretary is now calling for a judicial inquiry into at least 15 cases where torture of terrorist suspects has been alleged .
Replying to Mr Davis , Foreign Office minister Ivan Lewis said he could not comment in detail on Ahmed 's case for legal reasons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MARIA CHENG ,
AP Medical Writer
LONDON — Pregnant women who get swine flu are at least four times as likely to be hospitalized as other people with the virus , a new study says .
While experts do n't know if pregnant women are more susceptible to swine flu , they say once pregnant women are infected , they have a higher risk of complications .
Researchers at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention analyzed the first 34 U.S. cases , including 6 deaths , of swine flu in pregnant women from April to mid-June .
They concluded that pregnant women suspected of having swine flu should be given Tamiflu as soon as possible , even before tests confirm the diagnosis .
The experts also recommended that pregnant women be among the first in line when a vaccine is expected to be ready in the fall .
The study was published online Wednesday in the medical journal , the Lancet .
Like the general population , most pregnant women who get swine flu only have mild symptoms like fever and a cough , according to the World Health Organization .
Denise Jamieson of the U.S. CDC , the study 's lead researcher , said the agency does n't recommend any special precautions for pregnant women to avoid catching the virus .
But if pregnant women do get swine flu , Jamieson said doctors need to act fast , preferably within 48 hours of developing symptoms .
" The message is do n't delay appropriate treatment because she 's pregnant , " she said .
Health officials at WHO have previously reported that some doctors were reluctant to give the antiviral drug Tamiflu to pregnant women .
While safety data on Tamiflu use in pregnant women is limited , Jamieson said it appears relatively safe .
Of the six fatal cases in the Lancet study , Jamieson said nearly all had viral pneumonia before experiencing acute respiratory problems , and were put on ventilators before they died .
Aside from one woman who had asthma and another who was obese , Jamieson said the women were essentially healthy .
U.S. guidelines list pregnant women as a high - priority group for pandemic vaccines , although that is for vaccines without adjuvants , ingredients used to stretch a vaccine 's active ingredient .
In the U.S. , flu vaccines do n't have adjuvants , but in Europe , many do .
There is little data on how safe vaccines with adjuvants are in pregnant women .
Cecilia Nwobi , a London - based lawyer pregnant with her third child , said she has n't yet decided if she will get a swine flu shot .
" People do n't want to be guinea pigs for something that has n't been tested in pregnant women , " she said .
" But if I 'm faced with a more serious situation later , I might feel differently . "
Advice from European authorities has varied widely — some British and Swiss officials even initially advised that women consider delaying having children until the pandemic ends — even though that might be more than a year away .
Britain 's department of health quickly backed away from that stance , although it still says pregnant women may want to avoid crowded places .
" The most important measures are for pregnant women to observe good hand and respiratory hygiene , " said Dr. Boon Lim , a spokesman for Britain 's Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists .
" But if the situation worsens , further advice may be necessary . "
___
The remake of early NES game Splatterhouse has been on a rocky road as of late .
Although everything seems to be on track right now , one thing does not , and that ’s the release date .
It was noticed at this year ’s E3 , that Splatterhouse did not make an appearance .
Siliconera had Namco Bandai contacted , and it was revealed that Splatterhouse was slated for “ early 2010 ” .
So , the game will not be making it this year , though it may give some time for the title to be polished up by Surge ( developer of Afro Samurai ) .
You may remember that the development team at Bottlerocket was fired , then subsequently rehired by [ shal ] Namco Bandai [ / shal ] to finish up the game , stirring up lots of controversy .
Stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for an official release date for Splatterhouse .
[ Source ]
To hear Israeli intelligence chief Meir Amit tell it , the 1967 clash that established his country as the most fearsome military force in the Middle East was n't a Six Day War after all .
On June 5 , 1967 , Israel 's air force destroyed Egypt 's air force on the ground in a series of morning bombing raids that represented as much an intelligence victory as a military one .
It was the culmination of years of careful work penetrating the Egyptian armed forces .
The results were decisive and swift .
" Do n 't ...
Since coming to France I have been writing a lot more poetry .
I ’m not sure why this is , but I think maybe it ’s about having the time and distance in which to explore my writing .
Because I have been writing both prose ( my new novel ) and poetry I have been thinking a lot about the parallels between the forms .
In my attempt to learn more about poetry and to improve what I write I have been struck by how often advice that is given to poets applies equally to the novelist .
Take for example the problem of over writing or too much description – it is a problem many writers , including myself , come up against particularly when they are starting out and are writing their first novel – we are in love with our words , we ca n’t help it !
But too much description , no matter how well done , will hold up the narrative , slow the pace and can bog down the reader .
Lavinia Greenlaw who I think offers some of the best advice for would be poets says –
‘ Every word should count – for its meaning as well as its music .
Every image , however fantastical , should make complete sense within the context of the poem .
If something you have written particularly impresses you , question it all the more . ‘
Charles Simic says , ‘ Some of the greatest poems in the language are sonnets and poems not many lines longer than that , so do n’t overwrite . ’
It ’s sometimes very hard to edit out words or phrases that we particularly like and I have been struggling with this in my poetry .
However I know I am beginning to learn that sometimes , although I may think the words are great , they have to be sacrificed because they do not have a place in the poem - or perhaps because they obscure rather than promote clarity – and in a poem every word has to count .
Sometimes of course they are good and can stay !
We have to be careful not to throw out what is good - or sometimes they work somewhere else in the poem or as part of a title .
It is of course different with the novel ’s more expansive form but there is a similar need for caution when using description – the maxim more is less comes to mind ( see earlier post )
So now to some poetry – this is a poem I began not long after I came and I have been working on it for a few weeks now .
It started off being a lot more complicated .
It began to form in my mind after I saw a man , a vagrant , on the canal path .
I started thinking about him and what his life might be like and how I really knew nothing about him
Like any poem it is a work in progress , something to come back to after time , after it has rested – to be improved , changed .
Presumption
On the thin pathways of the
morning I see him
by the canal , sometimes the bridge –
two dogs , two ropes , two bags
one on his back
two pairs of trousers one cut
above the other –
in the thick green soup of the
afternoon I see him
by the river sometimes the boats
two broken - backed boots ,
ankle high and slow
moving to the lazy paddle
of the flat black turtle
two coats and matted hair
dogs hair matching I see him
sit in needles of light
beneath the roosting pigeons
that coo the voices of regret
and the presumptions
of sorrow
I see him step aside
give way and kneel ,
in the hollows of courtesy
to the confusions of belief ,
while around him the
nightingales call to prayer
in the quiet silver light of the
evening – I think I see him –
lying curled between his dogs
in the olive groves .
For more discussion on description in your writing and some good sound advice for writers you might like to go to Writing out West
By Jackie Clay - Atkinson
As the saying goes “ Life happens … ”
Maybe events have kept you from getting your garden planted early in the spring .
When we ...
' A bikini bug ate me alive ' :
The horrifying story of what happened when this woman left her swimwear to dry in the sun
Two years ago , after a soggy British summer , a friend suggested a last - minute break for some winter sun .
I 'd just signed my first book deal and leapt at the chance .
We chose Kenya .
It was affordable , it was sunny , and it did n't involve anything remotely like hard work .
We had a wonderful time : afternoons spent reading by the pool , a couple of days on safari and a boat trip for some snorkelling .
Holiday nightmare : Alexandra Heminsley had a fantastic time abroad - until she was bitten by a female African tumbu fly
Ever the holiday geek , I was careful throughout : I had all the requisite jabs , spent a small fortune on anti-malarial pills and was almost constantly doused in half a can of mosquito repellent .
I even wore an old T - shirt while snorkelling to make sure my back did not get burned .
The trip was a great success , and as I took the taxi to the airport I was pleased to see that I had only one mosquito bite .
It was on the inside of my left upper arm , by the seam of my T - shirt .
Never mind , I thought , it 's not even itchy : it will be kept cool in the plane 's air conditioning and will be almost gone by the time I 'm back .
The reality was somewhat different .
Within a few hours of arriving home , I was being violently sick .
Food poisoning or a bug from the plane , I decided .
After 24 sleepless hours , I noticed that the bite was getting larger .
By now , it was the size of a grain of rice .
I also worried that it had become infected , because it was yellow and hard .
Two days later , I was no longer ill , but the bite was so uniquely painful that I was exhausted by it .
It was relentless .
It was now very raised , and very yellow .
I was as repulsed as I was pained by it .
On my third night back , the pain was so intense that I was again unable to sleep .
It was a sharp pain , as if someone had put a knitting needle in the freezer and was jabbing it into my arm .
It was sporadic , coming in waves .
Every time I thought it was abating and nearly fell asleep , it came back stronger than before .
At about 4 am , I had turned the light on and was staring at the bite .
Suddenly , it seemed to be moving .
I must be very , very tired , I reasoned .
Dream holiday : A Kenyan safari , which Alexandra visited before being bitten
There was now a hole at the top of the bite , with what looked like pus ; I wiped it clean with a piece of disinfected cotton wool .
The pain abated .
Twenty minutes later , more movement , more yellow stuff , more agony .
The next morning , I headed to a meeting in North London .
This time , I was in so much pain I was doing short , shallow breaths through my mouth and could barely stand on the train .
Other passengers must have thought I was having contractions .
As the train passed the stop for Hampstead , very close to the Royal Free Hospital , I decided on the spur of the moment to have it dressed by a professional .
A triage nurse saw me quickly .
I explained that I 'd been bitten by a mosquito in Kenya , and it now seemed infected .
I tried to add nonchalantly that I thought the area was wriggling .
I did n't want to be the ' crazy lady ' of the day .
I need n't have worried .
As I rolled up my sleeve to show the nurse , it became immediately clear to both of us that it was not a mosquito bite .
Out of the - now larger - hole popped what appeared to be a small maggot , accompanied by the now familiar wave of pain .
I widened my eyes in horror .
' Please , can I lead you into this room ? ' she said in a very , very calm voice .
She shut me into a small room with a foot - wide , securely sealed door .
' I 'm getting someone to come and see you , ' she mouthed from the other side .
Unwelcome guest :
The maggot under the skin ( left ) and dead ( right )
I lay down on the bed in the room .
I was crying with pain and now panicked by what was wriggling out of my arm .
After about half an hour , a doctor from the tropical disease unit came to see me .
After looking at my arm , he said he thought he knew what it was , but needed a second opinion .
An hour later , the head of department arrived .
By this time , I 'd had to turn the light out in the room as I was in so much pain .
I 'd had no sleep for three days and was in no state to meet the most devastatingly handsome doctor I had ever seen , but there he was .
I was swooning with pain , but I swooned some more .
Dr Jake knew exactly what it was and confirmed it with a series of questions .
Had I been in Africa ?
Had I worn a damp T - shirt while there ?
Had the ' bite ' started out like a small red bump ?
Yes , yes and yes .
It was the larva of the tumbu fly , found anywhere in the tropics from South America and India , through to Australasia and Thailand , and I had a condition known as myiasis , when larvae live and feed on a host .
It sounded disgusting .
Worse still , it 's relatively rare in humans .
Jake told me the female tumbu fly likes to lay its eggs on damp clothing or linen .
( I remembered leaving my wet T - shirt hanging off the edge of my sunlounger to dry . )
If those clothes are then worn , the eggs penetrate the skin .
After two or three days , the larvae hatch beneath the skin .
Help : The Royal Free Hospital in Hampstead , where Alexandra was treated
Once ' born ' , the larvae need air so they eat their way out .
I realised , with horror , that the pain was the larva munching its way out of my arm .
I was told that , in fact , I was one of the lucky ones , as my bug was smart enough to head out of my arm .
Dr Jake - who had seen the condition while doing missionary work in Africa - explained that some burrow farther inwards by mistake , making the process of removal much more difficult .
In the tropics , he told me , it 's important not to wear damp clothes that have been outside .
Your clothes should be tumble - dried or , if they are left to dry outside , ironed .
The intense heat kills the eggs .
The same is true for swimming costumes .
Do n't leave them hanging on your hotel balcony to dry in the sun while you take a nap .
The African maggot had to chew its way out of Alexandra 's body
The treatment was almost as grotesque as the problem .
You must not gouge the larva out .
It has to be lured out by suffocating it : in its search for air , it wriggles out .
Apparently , in Africa , bacon is used .
In the Royal Free , they went for Vaseline .
Half a tub was slathered over the area , then a clear , airtight plastic dressing was fixed on top .
' Go shopping and come back in three hours , ' I was told .
There is not much that makes me Definitely Not Feel Like Shopping , but strutting around Hampstead with an African maggot chewing its way out of my body really put me off .
When I returned to the Royal Free , a teaching hospital , a room was ready for me - as were about 25 student doctors and curious nurses .
With digital cameras .
And a jar .
' We 're so excited ! ' they said .
' We never thought we 'd see something like this in North London . '
Dr Jake was masterful .
Tweezers at the ready , he whipped off the dressing and plucked the larva out in seconds .
Everyone leaned forward , then gasped .
The most intense pain I have ever known was followed by exquisite relief .
A bug around the size of a pencil nib was put in a jar , sealed and passed around .
The students were mesmerised .
I , however , was far more mesmerised by the clean hole in my arm .
Now I understood why maggots were used to clean wounds in the past : it was immaculate .
The pain was over .
No dressing was needed .
I simply have a neat , perfectly round scar , the circumference of a small pea , in my arm .
I have n't been back to Africa , but I am not afraid to .
I am very diligent about tumble - drying my bikinis .
And I iron a lot .
The family of missing child Victoria Stafford believe that human remains found over the weekend are indeed those of the eight - year - old girl , who disappeared more than three months ago from her school in Woodstock , Ont .
Tori disappeared three months ago .
Although a body was never found - two people have been charged with her murder .
Tori 's family believe the little girl has been found .
Her father - Rodney Stafford - said at a news conference Monday that police alerted the family Sunday night that they had found human remains in Mount Forest , about two hours drive northwest of Toronto .
Police have also confirmed to the family that the remains are those of a young child .
However , officers have not confirmed that the remains are in fact Victoria's .
Rodney Stafford said although it is not the ending his family was hoping for , their thoughts can now be put to rest .
" No one wants to believe their child has been murdered , " he said .
" If it is her , at least I do n't have to continue being out and about looking .
Up until last night I was still doing it , " he said .
" You can't help but think , 'is that her just up ahead ?
Is that her voice in the background ?'
You can't help it . "
The remains were transported to a Toronto forensics centre Monday afternoon .
The body was found beside a large rock pile in a wooded , isolated rural area on Sunday afternoon by an investigator who is part of a team looking into the child 's murder .
Interim Oxford Community Police Chief
Rod said the remains have been exposed to the environment for " quite some time . "
" We still have to determine , through examination , the sex of the remains , but we 're missing Victoria and want to bring her home , " he said .
Suspect 's tip
Victoria , known as " Tori " by family and friends , was last seen alive on April 8 in Woodstock .
A surveillance camera close to her school captured the girl walking with a woman .
On May 20 , police arrested two people -- a male and a female .
Investigators began searching the area around Fergus for Victoria 's body after receiving a tip from the female suspect , but police did n't find the remains at that point .
The suspect had told officers of landmarks that may have been near the spot where Victoria 's body was left .
" When you 're dealing with a geography that 's so vast and wide , it takes time to search it properly , " Ontario Provincial Police Sgt.
Dave Rektor said at the crime scene Monday .
The area where the remains were found is located about 15 minutes north of where police were initially searching .
Rektor said he 's not sure who owns the property .
A detective who is part of the Stafford homicide investigative team was following up on a tip when he noticed landmarks familiar to what the suspect described and decided to take a closer look at the site .
He found the remains soon after driving up a dirt side road .
A black funeral hearse and a forensics truck were seen driving past the police blockade and onto the dirt road where the remains were found .
OPP Det. Sgt. Anthony Renton told reporters that investigators are " cautiously optimisitic " that they have found Victoria .
" If it is ( Victoria ) then that 's a great thing because we can bring her home but there 's a lot of work that opens up at that point , " he said .
" Hopefully it will give us more information to make this case even better . "
He said police are still trying to find the backseat of a car they believe was used to transport Victoria to the scene .
In the meantime , Rodney Stafford said he and his estranged wife , Victoria 's mother Tara McDonald , will be making funeral preparations in the event their child has been found .
He said it will be a private affair for Victoria 's family and will not be open to the public .
Stafford said he is also planning a bike ride across Canada to raise money for Child Find Ontario this August .
" I will say my goodbye to Victoria when I get to the top of the mountain after my bike ride , " he said .
Michael Rafferty , 28 , and Terri - Lynne McClintic , 18 , have both been charged with first - degree murder and abduction .
They remain in police custody .
The ability of the corporate state to pacify the country by extending credit and providing cheap manufactured goods to the masses is gone .
The pernicious idea that democracy lies in the choice between competing brands and the freedom to accumulate vast sums of personal wealth at the expense of others has collapsed .
The conflation of freedom with the free market has been exposed as a sham .
The travails of the poor are rapidly becoming the travails of the middle class , especially as unemployment insurance runs out and people get a taste of Bill Clinton ’s draconian welfare reform .
And class warfare , once buried under the happy illusion that we were all going to enter an age of prosperity with unfettered capitalism , is returning with a vengeance .
Our economic crisis — despite the corporate media circus around the death of Michael Jackson or Gov. Mark Sanford ’s marital infidelity or the outfits of Sacha Baron Cohen ’s latest incarnation , Brüno — barrels forward .
And this crisis will lead to a period of profound political turmoil and change .
Those who care about the plight of the working class and the poor must begin to mobilize quickly or we will lose our last opportunity to save our embattled democracy .
The most important struggle will be to wrest the organs of communication from corporations that use mass media to demonize movements of social change and empower proto - fascist movements such as the Christian right .
American culture — or cultures , for we once had distinct regional cultures — was systematically destroyed in the 20th century by corporations .
These corporations used mass communication , as well as an understanding of the human subconscious , to turn consumption into an inner compulsion .
Old values of thrift , regional identity that had its own iconography , aesthetic expression and history , diverse immigrant traditions , self - sufficiency , a press that was decentralized to provide citizens with a voice in their communities were all destroyed to create mass , corporate culture .
New desires and habits were implanted by corporate advertisers to replace the old .
Individual frustrations and discontents could be solved , corporate culture assured us , through the wonders of consumerism and cultural homogenization .
American culture , or cultures , was replaced with junk culture and junk politics .
And now , standing on the ash heap , we survey the ruins .
The very slogans of advertising and mass culture have become the idiom of common expression , robbing us of the language to make sense of the destruction .
We confuse the manufactured commodity culture with American culture .
How do we recover what was lost ?
How do we reclaim the culture that was destroyed by corporations ?
How do we fight back now that the consumer culture has fallen into a state of decay ?
What can we do to reverse the cannibalization of government and the national economy by the corporations ?
All periods of profound change occur in a crisis .
It was a crisis that brought us the New Deal , now largely dismantled by the corporate state .
It was also a crisis that gave the world Adolf Hitler and Slobodan Milosevic .
We can go in either direction .
Events move at the speed of light when societies and cultural assumptions break down .
There are powerful forces , which have no commitment to the open society , ready to seize the moment to snuff out the last vestiges of democratic egalitarianism .
Our bankrupt liberalism , which naively believes that Barack Obama is the antidote to our permanent war economy and Wall Street fraud , will either rise from its coma or be rolled over by an organized corporate elite and their right - wing lap dogs .
The corporate domination of the airwaves , of most print publications and an increasing number of Internet sites means we will have to search , and search quickly , for alternative forms of communication to thwart the rise of totalitarian capitalism .
Stuart Ewen , whose books “ Captains of Consciousness : Advertising and the Social Roots of the Consumer Culture ” and “ PR : A Social History of Spin ” chronicle how corporate propaganda deformed American culture and pushed populism to the margins of American society , argues that we have a fleeting chance to save the country .
I fervently hope he is right .
He attacks the ideology of “ objectivity and balance ” that has corrupted news , saying that it falsely evokes the scales of justice .
He describes the curriculum at most journalism schools as “ poison . ”
“ ‘ Balance and objectivity ’ creates an idea where both sides are balanced , ” he said when I spoke to him by phone .
“ In certain ways it mirrors the two - party system , the notion that if you are going to have a Democrat speak you need to have a Republican speak .
It offers the phantom of objectivity .
It creates the notion that the universe of discourse is limited to two positions .
Issues become black or white .
They are not seen as complex with a multitude of factors . ”
Ewen argues that the forces for social change — look at any lengthy and turgid human rights report — have forgotten that rhetoric is as important as fact .
Corporate and government propaganda , aimed to sway emotions , rarely uses facts to sell its positions .
And because progressives have lost the gift of rhetoric , which was once a staple of a university education , because they naively believe in the Enlightenment ideal that facts alone can move people toward justice , they are largely helpless .
“ Effective communication requires not simply an understanding of the facts , but how those facts will take place in the public mind , ” Ewen said .
“ When Gustave Le Bon says it is not the facts in and of themselves which make a point but the way in which the facts take place , the way in which they come to attention , he is right . ”
The emergence of corporate and government public relations , which drew on the studies of mass psychology by Sigmund Freud and others after World War I , found its bible in Walter Lippmann ’s book “ Public Opinion , ” a manual for the power elite ’s shaping of popular sentiments .
Lippmann argued that the key to leadership in the modern age would depend on the ability to manipulate “ symbols which assemble emotions after they have been detached from their ideas . ”
The public mind could be mastered , he wrote , through an “ intensification of feeling and a degradation of significance . ”
These corporate forces , schooled by Woodrow Wilson ’s vast Committee for Public Information , which sold World War I to the public , learned how to skillfully mobilize and manipulate the emotional responses of the public .
The control of the airwaves and domination through corporate advertising of most publications restricted news to reporting facts , to “ objectivity and balance , ” while the real power to persuade and dominate a public remained under corporate and governmental control .
Ewen argues that pamphleteering , which played a major role in the 17th and 18th centuries in shaping the public mind , recognized that “ the human mind is not left brain or right brain , that it is not divided by reason which is good and emotion which is bad . ”
He argues that the forces of social reform , those organs that support a search for truth and self - criticism , have mistakenly shunned emotion and rhetoric because they have been used so powerfully within modern society to disseminate lies and manipulate public opinion .
But this refusal to appeal to emotion means “ we gave up the ghost and accepted the idea that human beings are these divided selves , binary systems between emotion and reason , and that emotion gets you into trouble and reason is what leads you forward .
This is not true . ”
The public is bombarded with carefully crafted images meant to confuse propaganda with ideology and knowledge with how we feel .
Human rights and labor groups , investigative journalists , consumer watchdog organizations and advocacy agencies have , in the face of this manipulation , inundated the public sphere with reports and facts .
But facts alone , Ewen says , make little difference .
And as we search for alternative ways to communicate in a time of crisis we must also communicate in new forms .
We must appeal to emotion as well as to reason .
The power of this appeal to emotion is evidenced in the photographs of Jacob Riis , a New York journalist , who with a team of assistants at the end of the 19th century initiated urban - reform photography .
His stark portraits of the filth and squalor of urban slums awakened the conscience of a nation .
The photographer Lewis Hine , at the turn of the 20th century , and Walker Evans during the Great Depression did the same thing for the working class , along with writers such as Upton Sinclair and James Agee .
It is a recovery of this style , one that turns the abstraction of fact into a human flesh and one that is not afraid of emotion and passion , which will permit us to counter the force of corporate propaganda .
We may know that fossil fuels are destroying our ecosystem .
We may be able to cite the statistics .
But the oil and natural gas industry continues its flagrant rape of the planet .
It is able to do this because of the money it uses to control legislation and a massive advertising campaign that paints the oil and natural gas industry as part of the solution .
A group called EnergyTomorrow.org , for example , has been running a series of television ads .
One ad features an attractive , middle - aged woman in a black pantsuit — an actor named Brooke Alexander who once worked as the host of “ WorldBeat ” on CNN and for Fox News .
Alexander walks around a blue screen studio that becomes digital renditions of American life .
She argues , before each image , that oil and natural gas are critical to providing not only energy needs but health care and jobs .
“ It is almost like they are taking the most optimistic visions of what the stimulus package could do and saying this is what the development of oil and natural gas will bring about , ” Ewen said .
“ If you go to the Web site there is a lot of sophisticated stuff you can play around with .
As each ad closes you see in the lower right - hand corner in very small letters API , the American Petroleum Institute , the lobbying group for ExxonMobil and all the other big oil companies .
For the average viewer there is nothing in the ad to indicate this is being produced by the oil industry . ”
The modern world , as Kafka predicted , has become a world where the irrational has become rational , where lies become true .
And facts alone will be powerless to thwart the mendacity spun out through billions of dollars in corporate advertising , lobbying and control of traditional sources of information .
We will have to descend into the world of the forgotten , to write , photograph , paint , sing , act , blog , video and film with anger and honesty that have been blunted by the parameters of traditional journalism .
The lines between artists , social activists and journalists have to be erased .
These lines diminish the power of reform , justice and an understanding of the truth .
And it is for this purpose that these lines are there .
“ As a writer part of what you are aiming for is to present things in ways that will resonate with people , which will give voice to feelings and concerns , feelings that may not be fully verbalized , ” Ewen said .
“ You ca n’t do that simply by providing them with data .
One of the major problems of the present is that those structures designed to promote a progressive agenda are antediluvian . ”
Corporate ideology , embodied in neoconservatism , has seeped into the attitudes of most self - described liberals .
It champions unfettered capitalism and globalization as eternal .
This is the classic tactic that power elites use to maintain themselves .
The loss of historical memory , which “ balanced and objective ” journalism promotes , has only contributed to this fantasy .
But the fantasy , despite the desperate raiding of taxpayer funds to keep the corporate system alive , is now coming undone .
The lie is being exposed .
And the corporate state is running scared .
“ It is very important for people like us to think about ways to present the issues , whether we are talking about the banking crisis , health care or housing and homelessness , ” Ewen said .
“ We have to think about presenting these issues in ways that are two steps ahead of the media rather than two steps behind .
That is not something we should view as an impossible task .
It is a very possible task .
There is evidence of how possible that task is , especially if you look at the development of the underground press in the 1960s .
The underground press , which started cropping up all over the country , was not a marginal phenomenon .
It leeched into the society .
It developed an approach to news and communication that was 10 steps ahead of the mainstream media .
The proof is that even as it declined , so many structures that were innovated by the underground press , things like The Whole Earth Catalogue , began to affect and inform the stylistic presentation of mainstream media . ”
“ I am not a prophet , ” Ewen said .
“ All I can do is look at historical precedence and figure out the extent we can learn from it .
This is not about looking backwards .
If you ca n’t see the past you ca n’t see the future .
If you ca n’t see the relationship between the present and the past you ca n’t understand where the present might go .
Who controls the past controls the present , who controls the present controls the future , as George Orwell said .
This is a succinct explanation of the ways in which power functions . ”
“ Read ‘ The Gettysburg Address , ’ ” Ewen said .
“ Read Frederick Douglass ’ autobiography or his newspaper .
Read ‘ The Communist Manifesto . ’
Read Darwin’s ‘ Descent of Man . ’
All of these things are filled with an understanding that communicating ideas and producing forms of public communication that empower people , rather than disempowering people , relies on an integrated understanding of who the public is and what it might be .
We have a lot to learn from the history of rhetoric .
We need to think about where we are going .
We need to think about what 21st century pamphleteering might be .
We need to think about the ways in which the rediscovery of rhetoric — not lying , but rhetoric in its more conventional sense — can affect what we do .
We need to look at those historical antecedents where interventions happened that stepped ahead of the news .
And to some extent this is happening .
We have the freest and most open public sphere since the village square . ”
The battle ahead will be fought outside the journalistic mainstream , he said .
The old forms of journalism are dying or have sold their soul to corporate manipulation and celebrity culture .
We must now wed fact to rhetoric .
We must appeal to reason and emotion .
We must not be afraid to openly take sides , to speak , photograph or write on behalf of the disempowered .
And , Ewen believes , we have a chance in the coming crisis to succeed .
“ Pessimism is never useful , ” he said .
“ Realism is useful , understanding the forces that are at play .
To quote Antonio Gramsci , ‘ pessimism of the intellect , optimism of the will . ’ ”
Many of you have been asking for the ability to call into native code from your Android applications .
I 'm glad to announce that developers can now download the Android Native Development Kit from the Android developer site .
As you know , Android applications run in the Dalvik virtual machine .
The NDK allows developers to implement parts of these applications using native - code languages such as C and C ++.
This can provide benefits to certain kinds of applications .
The NDK provides :
a set of tools and build files used to generate native code libraries from C and C++ sources
a way to embed the corresponding native libraries into application packages files ( .apks ) that can be deployed on Android devices
a set of native system headers and libraries that will be supported in all future releases of the Android platform , starting from Android 1.5 documentation , samples and tutorials
This release of the NDK supports the ARMv5TE machine instruction set and provides stable headers for :
libc , the standard C library
libm , the standard math library
the JNI interface
libz , the common ZLib compression library
liblog , used to send logcat messages to the kernel
Keep in mind that using the NDK will not be relevant for all Android applications .
As a developer , you will need to balance its benefits against its drawbacks , which are numerous !
Your application will be more complicated , have reduced compatibility , have no access to framework APIs , and be harder to debug .
That said , some applications that have self - contained , CPU - intensive operations that do n't allocate much memory may still benefit from increased performance and the ability to reuse existing code .
Some examples are signal processing , intensive physics simulations , and some kinds of data processing .
For any questions on the NDK , please join the Android NDK forum .
Have fun .
Another work week is drawing to a close .
If you 're less than thrilled by how you spent the last 40 hours , here 's a quick exercise designed to illuminate what you should be doing with your time .
Advertisement
Photo by Nogwater .
Blogger Steve Pavlina says that you can discover your life 's purpose in as little as twenty minutes .
To do so , complete the following four steps :
1 . Take out a blank sheet of paper or open up a word processor where you can type .
2. Write at the top , " What is my true purpose in life ? "
3 . Write an answer ( any answer ) that pops into your head .
It does n't have to be a complete sentence .
A short phrase is fine .
4. Repeat step 3 until you write the answer that makes you cry .
This is your purpose .
Advertisement
Steve writes that " usually it takes 15 - 20 minutes to clear your head of all the clutter and the social conditioning about what you think your purpose in life is " and that you should expect to generate some repeats or similar answers .
All this is fine so long as you keep on writing , even if your answers begin to resemble variations on " I do n't have a purpose " or " Life is meaningless " .
Also , it 's not enough to react emotionally to an answer , according to Pavlina .
You need to keep going until the emotion brings forth tears .
If you feel the urge to quit , take a two minute break and then resume .
According to the post , around 80 - 90 percent of those who try this method will reach their answer in less than an hour .
Understandably many people will doubt its efficacy ( if only it were this easy ) , but if you 're still searching for your purpose and have the time and inclination to try this out , let us know how you fare in the comments .
Ed. note :
Hey all , for what it 's worth :
The Pavlina post is admittedly a little over the top ( okay , a lot over the top — most of his stuff is ) , but the nugget of the post is n't all that bad .
I 'd certainly take the whole " life 's purpose " thing with an enormous grain of salt , but if you reduce it to a simple exercise for trying to gain focus , it 's not a bad suggestion at all .
-AP
Advertisement
How to Discover Your Life Purpose in About Twenty Minutes [ Steve Pavlina ]
De enero a junio , Petr�leos Mexicanos acumula una p�rdida de 25 mil 839.5 millones de pesos
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 28 de julio de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
18:31
In Focus
Area G : From Separation to Annexation
Israel ’s isolation of the Gaza Strip and how it serves annexationist goals in the West ... ( Read More )
Kerem Shalom Crossing – New Factsheet
Kerem Shalom Crossing , Gaza ’s main commercial access point to the West Bank , Israel and the world , is a critical lifeline ... ( Read More )
Changes to Gaza ’s fishing zone implemented by Israel in 2019
In 2019 alone , Israel reduced the “ fishing zone ” it enforces in Gaza ’s sea space nine times .
In four of these instances , ... ( Read More )
Gaza Strip Map
A new and updated map published by Gisha in January 2020 emphasizes the spatial dimensions of Israel ’s ongoing control over Gaza , ... ( Read More )
Access Kit : A guide to procedures and protocols that regulate access to and from the Gaza Strip
The Access Kit ’s focus is on access to professional opportunities ; it includes information on applications for permits to engage in trade , ... ( Read More )
The failure of Marxism
And the religious similarity does not end there .
How many of us have not come across the sort of Marxist who answers a difficult question with a one or two line quotation from Karl ?
It need not even have any particular relevance , just as the born again Christian plucks quotes randomly from the Bible .
But you are being dared to disagree with the great man himself and if you do you are n't a good Marxist , and if you are n't a good Marxist your socialism is at best weak and at worst quite suspect .
To even suggest that Marxism has failed can lead to a rolling of the eyes and a dismissal of one 's case as ignorant , revisionist , utopian , reformist , or what ever insult you fancy yourself .
It is as if some people can not see that the organised revolutionary left today is at its weakest for many years .
It is not so much a question of the triumph of capitalism , however , as the failure of most of the ideologies of socialism .
The collapse of both old style Labourism and the USSR has left the vast bulk of the left confused and demoralised , either dead , dying or repeating decades old slogans as if oblivious to all the changes that have happened since .
The bulk of the Marxist left came to consist of supporters of the Bolshevik tradition , divided - like the flavours of Heinz soup - into 57 varieties .
Like the Labour parties they promised that if we put them into power they would sort out the problem for us .
They may have recognised that the creation of socialism would first require the overthrow of capitalism but in power they have been every bit as anti-working class as the social democrats were , perhaps even more so .
Their idea of building socialism after the revolution included smashing all working class organisation outside the control of their party - from factory committees to trade unions .
This side of the revolution they spent more time squabbling over who was the real vanguard than anything else .
The conflict between Marxism and anarchism occurred over the question of the state .
Could socialism be introduced by a minority , either using the existing state , or using one of their own creation after a revolution as the Marxists claim , or could socialism only be introduced through the actions of the working class itself ?
Now after the collapse of the eastern block and of the left inside the Labour parties it is clear that the statist path to socialism is a failure .
Unfortunately such was the ideological dominance achieved by Marxism in the period after World War Two that for many this signals the end of socialism itself .
With the exception of small handfuls like the Dutch council communists or American DeLeonists , there are very few Marxists today who do not also support Leninism and the Bolshevik tradition .
Therefore it is not unreasonable to look at the record of the Bolsheviks as representing Marxism in action .
The Russian revolution of 1917 has been a subject of key importance for over three quarters of a century now , for two reasons .
The first reason is that for the first time in history a working class revolution succeeded in ousting the old ruling class .
The second reason is that after the old ruling class was ousted a new class came to power .
Those of us who want to make a revolution today must understand where the successes and failures of the past came from .
The Russian revolution demonstrated that it was possible for the working class to take over the running of the economy and to bring down their old rulers , not once but twice in a single year .
After the February revolution of 1917 the workers entered into a period of almost constant struggle with the state and the bosses .
At the start of this period many workers supported the Kerensky government .
This struggle changed their attitudes on a mass scale and gave them the confidence to try to overturn all of the old order and privilege .
Committees sprung up in the factories and the armed forces .
In the run up to October the workers had already taken control of most of the factories .
The purpose of the October revolution was to smash the state , destroying the power of the bosses to use armed force to recover their property .
There were several organisations arguing for a workers revolution in this period .
This included many anarchists .
They were however much fewer in number than the Bolshevik party which came to claim the revolution as its legacy alone .
During the 1905 revolution the anarchists had raised the slogan " All power to the soviets " , at the time this was opposed by what became the Bolshevik party but in 1917 they used this slogan to gain mass support .
Other Marxists at the time were , incorrectly to accuse the Bolsheviks as having abandoned Marxism for Anarchism but as events were to show they had done no such thing .
The revolution was made by no single organisation , but rather was the work of the working class of Russia .
But as usual it was the victors who were to write history , and Bolshevik history tends to be rather selective .
Two small points to illustrate this .... how many of today 's Marxists know that during the October revolution 4 anarchists were members of the Revolutionary Military Committee that co-ordinated the military side of the revolution , or that it was an anarchist sailor from the Kronstadt naval base led the delegation which dissolved the constituent assembly ?
After October the working class of the Russia set about the process of building the new society on the ruins of the old .
If they had succeeded there would be little need for this meeting today .
However within a few short years the revolution had collapsed .
The old bosses never came back as a class , although many individuals returned .
Instead a new class of rulers arose , one which successfully incorporated many of the revolutionaries of 1917 .
If we are really to learn from history , then for socialists today there is a pressing task to understand not only why the revolution failed but also why it failed in such a manner .
The fact the patient died is now obvious , the question today is what it died of .
Many socialists have tried to explain this degeneration of the revolution as a product of a unique set of circumstances , comprising the backward state of the USSR and the heavy toll inflicted by three years of civil war and western intervention .
According to this theory the Bolsheviks were forced to take dictatorial measures in order to preserve the revolution .
These were intended as emergency measures only and would have been repealed later but for Stalin 's rise to power in the 20's .
This interpretation of history presents the Bolsheviks as helpless victims of circumstances .
This is not a view anarchists accept .
It is a view that falls beneath even a casual look at what occurred in the USSR between 1917 and 1921 .
It also collapses when you look at what Leninist ideology had stood for before and after the revolution .
We instead lay the blame at the feet of Lenin and the Bolshevik party .
The degeneration was part and parcel of the policies of the Bolsheviks .
What actually happened in this period was the replacement of all the organs of workers democracy and self - management with Bolshevik imposed state rule .
One example of many is given by the factory committees .
These were groups of workers elected at most factories before , during and after the October revolution .
The delegates to these committees were mandatable and recallable .
They were elected initially in order to prevent the individual bosses from sabotaging equipment .
They quickly attempted to expanded their scope to cover the complete administration of the workplace and displaced the individual managers .
As each workplace relied on many others to supply raw materials , power and to take their products on to the next stage of production the Factory Committees tried to federate in November 1917 .
They were prevented from doing so by the Bolsheviks through the trade union bureaucracy .
The planned ' All Russian Congress of Factory Committees " never took place .
Instead the Bolshevik party decided to set up the " All Russian council of workers control " , with only 25 % of the delegates coming from the factory committees .
In this way the creative energy of Russian workers which would have resulted in a co-ordinating centre not under Bolshevik control was blocked in favour of an organisation the party could control .
This body was in itself stillborn , it only met once .
In any case it was soon absorbed by the Supreme Economic Council set up in November 1917 which was attached to the Council of Peoples Commissars , itself entirely made up of Bolshevik party members .
So within a few short months of October the Bolsheviks had taken control of the economy out of the hands of the working class and into the hands of the Bolshevik party .
This was before the civil war , at a time when the workers had showed themselves capable of making a revolution .... but according to the Bolsheviks incapable of running the economy .
The basis of the Bolshevik attack on the factory committees was simple , the Bolsheviks wanted the factories to be owned and managed by the state , the factory committees wanted the factories to be owned and managed by the workers .
There were many anarchists involved in the factory committee movement at the time , mainly through the K.A.S. , the Confederation of Anarcho - Syndicalists .
In some areas they were the dominant influence in the factories .
The influence of the KAS was to grow rapidly in the unions , to the point where the Bolsheviks started to physically suppress its activists in 1918 .
At the first All - Russian council of trade unions the anarcho - syndicalists had delegates representing 75,000 workers .
Their resolution calling for real workers control and not state control was defeated by an alliance of the Bolshevik , Menshevik and Social - Revolutionary Party delegates .
By the end of 1918 workers control was replaced with individual management of the factories ( by Bolshevik decree ) and the KAS had been weakened by armed Cheka raids and the closing down of its national publication in April and May 1918 .
All this occurred before the Civil war and the allied intervention attempted to smash the revolution .
The civil war was to inflict terrible suffering on the Soviet Union as the combined forces of White generals and 17 foreign armies captured up to 60 % of the land area and threatened to capture Petrograd .
It also provided the excuse the Bolsheviks were to use for the suppression of workers control , but as we have seen this was a process that was already under way .
The civil war greatly weakened the ability of the working class to resist the further undermining of the gains they had made in 1917 .
During the civil war emphasis was placed on the need for unity to defeat the Whites .
After the civil war a much weakened working class found itself faced with a complete state structure armed with all the repression apparatus of the modern state .
Many of the dissident left wing activists had been jailed or executed by the Bolsheviks .
In 1921 at the end of the civil war only a fresh revolution could have set the USSR back on the path towards socialism .
The important point is that the repression of workers democracy by the Bolsheviks was as a result of Marxist or Bolshevik ideology rather then due to character flaws in the Bolshevik leadership .
Lenin had a very limited view of what socialism was , seeing it as little more then an extension of state capitalism .
As he put it in his own words :
" State capitalism is a complete material preparation for socialism , the threshold of socialism , a rung on the ladder of history between which and the rung called socialism there are no gaps " .
The introduction of piece work and one - man management in the factories in 1918 and 1919 displays a similar fixation with managerial power .
Lenin believed that ordinary workers could not run society .
A party of intellectuals was necessary to do this .
He thought that workers were unable to go beyond having a " trade union consciousness " because of the fact they had no time to study socialism .
Once again i his own words :
" there are many .... who are not enlightened socialists and cannot be such because they have to slave in the factories and they have neither the time nor the opportunity to become socialists " .
Briefly in 1917 Lenin was forced to acknowledge this to be wrong when he admitted that the workers were 100 times ahead of the party from February to October .
But unwilling to allow the facts to get in the way of a good theory he quickly reverted to his original position .
This position was the justification for the dictatorship of the party .
In a modern sense it is the justification for putting the party before all else .
Some Leninists today will happily argue that a socialist should have no principles beyond building the party and that even scabbing is excusable if it is in their party 's interests .
Leninist organisations tend to look at struggles purely in terms of recruitment , remaining involved just long enough to pick up one or two new members , then moving on to the next one .
For the Leninists the chance of a revolution being successful is mainly determined by the size of their party at the time .
The Bolsheviks saw their party as comprising all the advanced revolutionaries - the vanguard .
They saw socialism as something best implemented by a professional leadership .
So when they talked of dictatorship of the proletariat they did not mean the working class as a whole exercising control of society .
They meant the party holding power on behalf of the working class , and in practise the leadership of the party being the ones making all the important policy decisions .
They believed the party , because of its unique position was always right and therefore it had the right to rule over all the class .
So , while the Soviets had been useful to the Bolsheviks up to the October revolution , after the revolution they became a threat .
They could and did decide policy which would contradict the party line .
Most of them were not sufficiently under the control of the party , as they contained many other revolutionaries also .
So the Bolsheviks proceeded to turn them into organs which did little more than rubberstamp party decisions .
By 1918 this process had been advanced to the extent that the decision to sign the treaty of Brest - Livtosk , which surrendered a huge area of the revolutionary Ukraine to Germany and the Austro - Hungarian empire , was made at a party Central Committee meeting .
Indeed the central committee was split , the decision going through only by one vote .
The Soviets had no role at all in this decision making .
This was long before the civil war and the famine was to be used as an excuse for such manoeuvres .
The success and failure throws up all the questions that still separate anarchism from all other socialist theories .
Where do revolutionary ideas come from ?
Lenin was quite clear on this in ' What Is To Be Done ' .
" History in all countries attests that , on it's own , the working class cannot go beyond the level of trade union consciousness , the realisation that they must combine into trade unions , fight against the employers , force the governments to pass such laws as benefit the conditions of the workers ....
As for the socialist doctrine , it was constructed out of the philosophical , historical and economic theories elaborated by educated members of the ruling class by intellectuals " .
Anarchists on the other hand point to the creative energy of the working class , the creation of Soviets in 1905 and of the Hungarian Workers Councils in 1956 , for instance , were spontaneous events unguided by any organisation .
Leninists see their party as representing the working class .
This was the justification for the suppression of all rivals in 1918 by the Bolsheviks and for the closing down of factions inside their own party from 1918 to 1921 .
Trotsky , even more then Stalin or Lenin , was the most prominent supporter of what was called the party 's historical birthright .
In the early 20's he was to repeatedly use this idea of the party 's birthright against minority groups and individuals in the Bolshevik party .
The most astounding part of this however was the willingness of the same groups and individuals to accept this silencing in the name of the party .
By the 30's this whole process was to reach its logical conclusion with Stalin 's show trials of many of the old Bolshevik leadership .
The right of the Bolsheviks to dictate to the class was clearly expressed in 1921 , by Trotsky at the 10th party congress .
In attacking a faction within the Bolshevik party he said of them " They have come out with dangerous slogans .
They have made a fetish of democratic principles .
They have placed the workers right to elect representatives above the party .
As if the party were not entitled to assert its dictatorship even if that dictatorship temporarily clashed with the passing moods of the workers ' democracy ! "
Here we have one of the clearest statements of the ideology behind Bolshevik practise .
This is the road many of todays Marxists would like to lead us on to .
There is an entirely different project of how capitalism is to be overthrown and what is to replace it .
Workers democracy is not merely icing on the cake or a step towards a workers state .
We have no illusions in the neutrality of the state , no matter in whose hands power may lie .
We wish to take part in the building of a workers movement not only capable of tearing down existing society but also of building a new society free of exploitation .
It is on this issue that anarchism 's fundamental difference with Leninism is made clear .
We agree with Lenin that authority can only be defeated by authority , that the authority of the bosses will be destroyed by the authority of the workers .
We agree on the need for a lead to be given within the class .
But while anarchist leadership is one of persuasion and education , the Marxist - Leninist party goes way beyond this and tries to grab power through control of the state .
It seeks to exercise the authority of the party over the workers .
In doing this it prepares the way for the growth of a new oppressive ruling class , as Lenin 's Bolshevik party did in Russia .
There is much of use within Marxism , I do not propose to throw away the impressive economic analysis for instance , but as an ideology , as a tradition and as a guide for the future it has failed ; and failed on a grand scale .
Socialists must be prepared to question everything .
And that includes Marxism .
If the right tools are not chosen for the job , the job will not get done right .
Talk by Alan MacSimóin to the Trinity College Socialist Society , November 10th 1994
In 2003 , the nuclear industry was very nearly killed off in Britain .
In 2009 , it is so resurgent that captains of the energy industry are arguing it is renewables that should be killed off , or at least kept on a starvation diet .
Today , the Confederation of British Industry has thrown its weight behind the nuclear industry 's calls for the government to scale back " overambitious " wind power targets in favour of atomic energy .
Two foreign - owned energy giants , E.ON and EDF , have recently told the government it must essentially choose between new nuclear and major renewables developments .
With global warming , energy security and fuel poverty all rendering energy policy a matter of life and death today , in their own ways , this new polarisation in the nuclear debate is a desperately dangerous development .
In 2003 , just before the government completed its first energy white paper , nuclear power was kept alive only because a few mandarins insisted language be inserted about a review in five years .
Five years of half - hearted government efforts to mobilise renewables and efficiency ensued .
Looking back now , many of us in the renewables industries see the dead hand of a civil service Sir Humphrey in the slow - motion episodes of real - life Yes Minister that we lived through .
The proportion of renewables in the UK energy mix was about 3 % back in 2003 .
It is about 3 % now .
With the best renewable resources in Europe , the UK is third from bottom of a European league table topped by Sweden with 40 % renewables in the energy mix .
Meanwhile , renewables industries globally have been , and are , growing faster than almost all other industries .
2008 was the first year in which more renewables capacity came onstream than fossil fuels and nuclear combined , in both Europe and America .
Over the past five years , the solar photovoltaics industry ( PV ) has grown 600 % .
Wind has grown 250 % .
Hundreds of thousands of jobs have been created .
Renewables companies that did n't exist at the turn of the century ride high in stock exchanges .
The German government has shown , in a national scaled experiment , that national economies can be run entirely on renewables , overcoming intermittency and covering " baseload " by mixing and matching different members of the renewables family .
The renewables industries claim they can run the global economy entirely within 20 - 40 years .
Swimming against this optimistic tide , EDF and E.ON are now warning the UK government that efforts to get to 20 % renewables in the energy mix – the official EU target – are not only unrealistic but damaging to nuclear plans .
Additional carbon - generating plants will be needed because of intermittency , they say , ignoring the German experience .
The EDF CEO , Vincent de Rivaz , says he is concerned that high levels of wind construction will require new British nuclear plants to be shut down when the wind output is high .
The truth is that there is only so much money available , and the nuclear advocates – scared by the growth rates of renewables – are scrabbling to ensure most of it goes to them .
De Rivaz has yet to persuade his owners , the French government , that his plan to build four British reactors at well over £ 4bn each makes commercial sense .
He has made it clear to Whitehall that he will need major subsidies .
And so the battle lines have been drawn for a new phase in the long - running fight to win hearts and minds .
The backers of nuclear will argue that grown ups can't expect to get enough energy from renewables , that renewables are too expensive , that they can't cover baseload : arguments that increasingly struggle in the face of fast - emerging real renewables experience abroad .
The renewables advocates will argue the reverse .
We will push our trump card hard : that our costs , on the whole , are falling , while nuclear 's are rising .
This means that most renewable electricity will soon be cheaper than nuclear electricity in most markets , and will inevitably fall yet further .
This in turn means that the market - enablement mechanisms we need of government – feed - in tariffs , renewables obligations and the like – can be temporary , while the nuclear industry will need subsidies that extend essentially forever .
Whatever the logic of the arguments , though , one thing is clear to me , after all these years .
This is a battle of cultures .
In the big energy companies , and across much of the top of the civil service , many people with grey hair find great difficulty thinking that things can be done differently in energy policy , and / or want to hold on the centralised power that centralised power plants offer .
In the renewables industries , a lot of people ( generally without grey hair ) know that things can be done both differently and better .
We know too that decentralised power democratises energy : it delivers power to the people both literally and metaphorically .
This is an idea that makes many aged civil servants and energy bosses reach for the dirty tricks manual .
Meanwhile , behind the arcane language of the public debate , energy policy remains a matter of life and death .
• Social entrepreneur and author Jeremy Leggett is founder and chairman of Solarcentury , the UK 's largest solar solutions company .
Sour 'n Sweet
Swan Song
~S~ | ~S~ | ~ S~ | ~ S ~ or , if you prefer : " Soswswso ! "
pronounced with a sharp hissing sound , as if to show disapproval , displeasure or contempt ... or maybe relief ?
...image - say - a tired old " snake locomotive " suddenly escaping steam ...
" Olorum morte narratur flebilis cantus , falso , ut arbitror , aliquot experimentis " so take these silly ramblings ( Note 1 ) cum grano salis ... and anyway : so take these silly ramblings (
Late April 2009 ( 0027 )
~ Sour ~
Ok , so all the cures I had to undergo for almost two years : two complete and quite debilitating chemotherapy cycles , 4 operations , many biopsies , uncounted PET scans and MRIs , months spent inside a clinic ... did not work out .
The metastases escaped from the throat : my dutch professor managed to stop everything but not the liver tumour , and my liver is now imploding .
So it is a matter of weeks , not even months .
My remaining choices are to die in a clinic , to die home or to ask for euthanasia ( the last I will of course do if needs arise ... fortunately this is a civilised EU - country and religious nuts do n't have here - at least for now - enough power to nuke my rights just to appease and placate the alleged wishes of their dubious godzilla ) .
I 'll go for home : it seems ( again : this ubiquitous " seem " ) that I will die while asleep .
I will " just " get weaker ( and yellower , gosh : nothing like a terminal tumour to become really ugly ) until one day I wo n't wake up any more .
If so , fair enough : you go with a gentle puff on your final trip , an experience that btw is usually reported as unique and unrepeatable :-)
Anyway if universe and time are really infinite ( which I somehow doubt ) , then an almost " metempsicotically identical " combination of neurons will re-appear again somewhere , e.g. on another galaxy and planet ... hopefully one with less imbeciles .
In the sea of faces on the green benches , how many of those 647 MPs can you recognise ?
Most will never be ministers .
We have so many , they say , because of the sacred link between an MP and their constituency , one to roughly every 60,000 voters .
But that mystical bond is mostly the wishful thinking of self - deluding MPs .
Both the good and the useless are swept in and out of office on their party 's coat - tails .
We need fewer of them , representing larger areas , to make them more powerful national figures .
If there were , say 400 , most would have a valuable role to play within their party and parliament .
A strengthened committee system with a large research staff needs to act as a mighty scrutineer of government policy .
To be a leading member of a key committee should be more important than being a mere junior minister .
More MPs need to be household names in their own right as parliamentarians , not simply anonymous canon fodder praying for patronage from their leader .
There should be fewer ministerial posts and more emphasis on parliament .
The role of MPs would change significantly .
Their business should be governing the country : too much time is spent now as advocates for individual local cases on housing , benefits and vast numbers of immigration pleas , often queue - jumping existing appeals and complaints procedures to the aggravation of officials required to drop everything else to answer MPs ' letters .
Some casework should go to councillors , if more power is to be devolved .
Good MPs say they need some casework , to see at first hand where government departments are failing , but the balance now is out of kilter .
A proportional representation system , such as the Jenkins plan , means grouping MPs together in clumps of six , in larger constituencies , so that voters are represented by someone they voted for : what estate - dweller wants help from a grandee with vast estates ?
What Tory businessman trusts tax help from some leftwinger ?
No system is perfect , but fewer MPs grouped in larger constituencies would better represent more people .
Last month I wrote a post regrading a group of people in West Bend , WI who are trying to get books that they considers to be obscene moved from the section of the library designated “ Young Adults . ”
That fight caught the attention of Robert Braun , head of something he calls the Christian Civil Liberties Union , who then filed a lawsuit seeking $ 120,000 in damage for having been allegedly caused emotional distress by the book being in the library and the right to publicly burn the library ’s copy of the book “ Baby Be- Bop ”
The entire bizarre battle was picked - up by CNN the other day and so Alan Colmes invited Braun onto his radio program to discuss his lawsuit .
It was , needless to say , highly entertaining .
Braun apparently does n’t understand the difference between racism and censorship , because when Colmes accused him of engaging in the latter , Braun ’s response was , and I quote :
Let me tell you who ’s involved in this suit .
One of the gentleman with me is Black , his wife is Indian , she ’s a Comanche , the other one is … I have Jewish blood in me .
And it just went downhill from there , with Braun declaring that he ’s going to burn a copy of “ Baby Be - Bop ” no matter what – not the library ’s copy , because that would be illegal , but the copy which , for some reason , he apparently owns .
Considering that he is suing the library for causing him emotional damage by simply having it in the stacks , it seems odd that Braun would have a copy of the very same book in his own house .
Braun went on to admit that he does n’t even live in West Bend and that his Christians Civil Liberties Union has a grand total of zero members .
At one point , Braun accused Colmes of not being a good Christian , which Colmes readily admitted ( he ’s Jewish , ) and claimed that Colmes was now causing him emotional distress as well .
When Colmes asked him to explain how anyone has been “ damaged ” by this book ’s inclusion in the library , Barun responded that he and the other plantiffs “ are elderly and it has damaged our moral views . ”
Frankly , I think the entire thing can be summed up by simply noting that this interview might just contain a world record for the greatest number of mispronunciations of the word “ library ” in any seven minute interval :
If this is “ evidence based medicine ” I want my old job back
The news that NICE has put acupuncture and chiropractic on the list of approved therapies for non-specific lower back pain has led to about the reactions you ’d expect – back - slapping and high - fiving from the crystals and “ life force ” crowd , agonised complaining from the professional skeptics .
But it ’s actually a sign of something that ought to make us worry , not much but at least a little bit , about the way in which we ’re doing medical science in this country .
The National Institute for Clinical Excellence is one of the world ’s greatest temples of “ evidence - based medicine ” – the doctrine that as much medical practice as possible ought to be carried out using proven algorithms based on empirically valid evidence from controlled scientific experiments , rather than individual clinical judgement .
It ’s quite a controversial topic in the medical literature .
While on the face of it , it sounds like obviously the right thing to do – after all , who does n’t want to be “ evidence based ” ?
– it has attracted its share of zealots and nuts , and provoked something of a reaction from the part of the medical profession that believes that medicine is still as much of an art as a science .
And so , NICE has decided , on the basis of “ the evidence ” , that acupuncture and chiropractic are a good way to spend the NHS ’s money .
Except when you look at it , “ the evidence ” is n’t really all that great .
As Edzard Ernst points out , the Cochrane Institute ( the other great temple of evidence - based medicine ) actually found chiropractic to be more or less useless , while the evidence for acupuncture is that all of the ancient wisdom and theory of the meridians and qi does n’t actually confer any great benefit over and above that which can be gained from simply lying on a table and being poked with sticks .
Part of the problem is that in the specific case of lower back pain , it ’s a notoriously difficult condition to understand or treat , and a lot of the art is simply to find a nice and professional - sounding way of saying “ live with it , there ’s nothing we can do ” that does n’t make the patient give up hope and suffer even more .
But another part of the problem is that the overall assessment of what “ the evidence ” was , was made by a committee that had a bunch of spinal manipulation enthusiasts on it .
Which brings me to the problem ; this is exactly what we should have expected , and it ’s the reason why I ’ve been putting the phrase “ the evidence ” in great big scare - quotes .
Because the actual medical evidence on lower back pain is n’t something that can be nicely summarised in a slim paper guideline ; it ’s spread out across millions of individual lower backs , some fraction of the experiences of which are summarised into hundreds of research papers , which were then distilled down into the Cochrane review , which was itself processed through the NICE committee .
Basically what evidence - based medicine is about , at this level , is somebody making a decision about what the facts are going to be .
And if that decision about “ what the facts are ” is one that is going to determine the handing out of large chunks of government cash , then you bet that the enthusiasts of every theory there is are going to move hell and high water to get themselves on that committee .
Not out of any venial motive , but because they believe in their theory , and a contrary NICE guideline has the potential to kill it stone dead .
So what happens is that the process of finding out the underlying truth , which is of necessity slow , unclear and often completely open - ended , gets accelerated and politicised .
It ’s what you might call “ government science ” .
It ’s a phenomenon that ’s very familiar to economists under the name “ Goodhart ’s Law ” .
Basically , Goodhart ’s Law says that “ any economic relationship which is used for policy purposes , ceases to be valid ” .
In other words , you can have an economic model which works tolerably well as an understanding of how , say , the relationship between money , prices and output works .
But when you try to use that model to set interest rates , then suddenly the model itself is part of the recursion – part of the system that you ’re trying to control – and this changes the nature of the relationship that you were trying to use .
Similarly , in the early days of the evidence - based medicine movement , when they were the Young Turks or punk rockers , shaking up a complacent medical establishment that had got out of touch with the cutting edge of medical research , they had the potential to do a lot of good .
But now they are the establishment , and as a result of that , the very evidence that they rely on , is shaped by the fact that it needs to appeal to them .
The fact that a movement which begun by trying to bring science back into medicine , has now ended up putting its imprimateur on some obvious pseudoscience , ought to worry us more than it does , because this is only the most obvious manifestation of the general problem .
After all , pharmaceuticals companies produce an awful lot of science , and they are very much interested parties to anything which might influence the spending of a lot of money on medicine .
And we know from the Elsevier scandal that we ca n’t assume that the published scientific literature is immune .
Evidence based medicine is an important part of modern science , and nobody wants to go back to the bad old days , but if the modern medical establishment does n’t start getting a bit more sophisticated about sociology of knowledge and public choice economics , then the “ evidence ” that drives our medical treatment is going to end up being manipulated like a jump jockey ’s lower back , and with similarly painful results .
The restaurant has been criticised for its portrayal of nurses .
Its website features a disclaimer : " None of the women pictured on our website actually have any medical training , nor do they attempt to provide any real medical services "
Credit : Heart Attack Grill / Wayne Parham Photography
You would think that with an estimated $ 48 million of free media coverage per month , most people would at least have a pretty good idea about what Twitter is , even if they are n’t users themselves .
But according to a new study out today from Harris Interactive , 69 percent of adults do n’t know enough about Twitter “ to have an opinion about it . ”
Of those that do have an opinion of Twitter , 12 percent think it ’s poised for exponential growth , another 12 percent think it ’s something that will stay relegated to “ young people and the media , ” while 8 percent think it ’s just a passing fad .
The Harris study did find more fertile ground with advertisers though .
Asked the same question about their opinion of Twitter , 45 percent said they expect exponential growth , 21 percent thought it was just for kids and the press , and 17 percent thought its 15 minutes were up .
Meanwhile , only 17 percent did n’t know enough about Twitter to have an opinion .
Advertisers also indicated that they think Twitter can be an effective medium for advertisers .
So are regular folks just zoning out the constant references to the microblogging service on TV and the media ?
It ’s tough to say – perhaps they go to Twitter ’s somewhat ambiguous homepage , do n’t get it , and never give it a second thought .
And maybe that ’s why Twitter is reportedly planning to launch a new homepage this week that will aim to better educate users .
In any event , the report is embedded here if you ’d like to check it out :
A man whose penis was severed from his body recently underwent surgery to replace the missing appendage with the big toe from his right foot .
A man whose penis was severed from his body recently underwent surgery to replace the missing appendage with the big toe from his right foot .
John Wentworth Larchmont lost his penis in a freak lawnmower accident over the weekend .
“ The owner ’s manual does n’t say anything about turning the damn thing off before lying underneath it naked with an erection , ” explained Larchmont .
“ I ’m considering a lawsuit . ”
After a frantic 911 call , paramedics arrived on the scene within minutes , but were unable to locate the penis .
They bandaged Larchmont and rushed him to the local emergency room .
Chief surgeon Dr. Reza Partoonian knew he quickly needed to find a replacement for his patient ’s penis , and thought the big toe to be an ideal candidate .
“ You can do without your big toe , ” reasoned Partoonian , “ but everybody ’s gotta pee . ”
The operation , the first of its kind in the United States , was a success .
After surgically removing Larchmont ’s big toe , Partoomian skillfully grafted it to the exact spot were his patient ’s penis had been .
Doctors assured Larchmont that — provided he kept the nail trimmed — he would continue to lead a normal sex life .
Unfortunately , no one explained that to Larchmont ’s wife , who wo n’t let him near her .
“ I told him to keep that fucking toe away from me , ” she said .
“ It ’s disgusting . ”
“ I think it ’s cute how she calls it my ‘ Fucking Toe , ” said Larchmont , who is gradually adjusting to the penis - toe .
“ Sometimes , when I ’m done in the men ’s room , I flush with it , just to freak everybody out . ”
Three days after the surgery , Larchmont ’s new gardener came screaming up to the house , with something dangling from his fingers .
“ He was holding my penis , ” said Larchmont , with a laugh .
“ Told him ‘ I wo n’t be needing that any more . ’
Then I unzipped my pants and showed him my penis - toe .
He got all weird on me , threw the penis down and ran off shouting something in Japanese . ”
Larchmont limped back inside his house , took out a pair of clippers and trimmed his nail .
Fetuses can remember , potentially long enough to shed light on their neural development .
Dutch researchers have found that , at 30 weeks of development , fetuses have a memory of 10 minutes .
At 34 weeks old , they can remember events for four weeks .
The findings help explain central nervous system development -- and how fetuses may react if that growth is abnormal .
In the study , researchers in the Netherlands applied a sound - and - vibration stimulus to the abdomens of 93 pregnant women .
The stimulus lasted for one second and was repeated every 30 seconds , at a location just above the fetus ’ leg .
The fetuses ranged from 30 weeks to 38 weeks .
At first , the fetus would make a startled - like movement , says study coauthor Dr. Jan Nijhuis , director of the Centre for Genetics , Reproduction and Child Health at Maastricht University Medical Centre in the Netherlands .
Eventually though , it would stop reacting .
The researchers then counted the number of stimuli before the fetus stopped responding .
“ The fetus needs to know which sounds are stressful and which are safe .
Otherwise , it would be completely distressed all day long because it hears noises of the maternal gut and heart , ” Nijhuis says .
Ten minutes after the fetuses had adjusted , they received the same stimuli again .
Fetuses as young as 30 weeks stopped responding to these stimuli sooner than they had the previous time , demonstrating a short - term memory of 10 minutes .
To look at longer term memory , researchers repeated the experiment when fetuses were 38 weeks old .
Fetuses who had been 34 weeks old at the time of the initial experiment adjusted significantly faster when they were 38 weeks old , suggesting that they could store and retrieve information four weeks later .
These fetuses also adjusted more quickly than those that were 38 weeks old and had not been previously exposed to the stimuli .
That adjustment process is called habituation , and it requires an intact central nervous system .
Previous studies have shown that fetuses with lags in behavioral development or Down syndrome take longer to habituate .
“ Habituation is a form of learning , ” Nijhuis says .
“ If you live near the train station , you learn to tune it out and sleep through it .
But other noise would wake you up , even if it were small .
Habituation is a memory for safe noises . ”
The findings shed light on central nervous system development , and Nijhuis says the ultimate goal is to distinguish a normal fetus from one at risk of developmental problems .
Such an assessment could affect the timing of the delivery .
“ We want to look at the fetus and understand it better , ” Nijhuis says .
“ We want to ask : is the baby better in [ the womb ] or better out ? ”
The findings were published in the July / August issue of Child Development .
-- Shara Yurkiewicz
Photo :
A pregnant model is photographed during a recent fashion show .
Credit : Aramando Babani / EPA
The independent consultant appointed to inspect Delhi Metro structures has reported cracks on the Noida , Badar ...
Read More
NEW DELHI : Two days after fresh cracks were noticed in two piers on the Noida line , the independent consultant appointed to inspect Delhi Metro structures after the Zamrudpur collapse has reported 16 more cracks on the Noida , Badarpur and Gurgaon lines .
Even as Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC ) maintained that the new cracks " seem minor " , this has caused panic in the city .
People now fear even walking below the under - construction lines .
The fresh cracks , which are reportedly hairline ones , are all going to be re-examined in detail .
At Aya Nagar , cracks were seen on four piers �� � P - 192 , P - 193 , P - 203 , P - 204 .
Locals say that since Friday evening , the area has been abuzz with inspections and checks .
Residents fear that since these pillars are situated on both sides of MG Road , any collapse can lead to serious casualties .
" The road is our lifeline , " said a worried Shakir Khan , a resident of the area .
Sources at the site revealed that several hairline cracks were detected on top of pier caps .
" It was nothing alarming , but we decided not to take a chance .
After we tried chemically treating the cracks , we have now decided to reconstruct a portion of the pillars which has been damaged beyond repair , " said an engineer .
The Magic of Type Classes
Type classes are amazing .
Just wanted to point that out .
I do n’t even mean magical stuff like multiparameter type classes or fancy newfangled nonsense kids these days are using .
( I will , however , use FlexibleInstances in this blog entry , just because it lets me avoid a bunch of type conversions . )
But really , I just mean ordinary old type classes .
Some of the least interesting uses of type classes in Haskell are , for example , the Num and Fractional and such classes and their instances in the standard library .
To be sure , they are sort of interesting — they take things that are part of the language definition in other languages ( the “ / ” operator works on either single or double precision floats , for example ) , and describe them within the language itself .
That ’s cool , but it ’s nowhere near the limit of how cool type classes can be .
There ’s a much better example of how cool type classes can be in a blog post I wrote some time ago ( and the dozens of other people who have done the same thing , and probably blogged about it , too ) .
But I think this one , while a little more complicated , is even cooler .
Here ’s the problem I ’m working on this morning .
I ’m going to oversimplify shamelessly , in hopes of getting to the point some time in the foreseeable future .
I hope no one reads this who knows the real mathematics involved , because I ’ll get angry comments and corrections .
Some people in a branch of mathematics called symbolic dynamics are occasionally interested in certain square matrices of non-negative integers ( if one feels like it , one could say they are interested in graphs , where the matrices are just the adjacency matrices of those graphs ; it ’s a distinction without a difference ) .
In particular , they are sometimes interested in whether it ’s possible to change one of these matrices into a different one by making only certain kinds of changes , of which they are rather fond .
They ’ve even given these changes cutesy nicknames : in - splitting , in - amalgamation , out - splitting , out - amalgamation , expansion , and contraction .
When matrices can be converted into each other using these operations , they are called “ flow equivalent ” .
These operations are n’t hard to implement .
Here are type signatures for functions to implement the operations .
If we represent matrices as lists of lists and allow the use of a few simple utility functions on lists , the actual implementations are all one or two lines long , but are not really relevant here .
The point is that that each of these operations takes some values , and a non-negative square integer matrix , and gives back another non-negative square integer matrix .
type Vertex = Int outsplit :: Vertex -> [ Vertex ] -> [ Vertex ] -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix Int insplit :: Vertex -> [ Vertex ] -> [ Vertex ] -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix Int outamalg :: Vertex -> Vertex -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix Int inamalg :: Vertex -> Vertex -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix Int expand :: Vertex -> Bool -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix
Int contract :: Vertex -> Vertex -> Bool -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix Int dropVertex :: Vertex -> Matrix Int ->
Matrix Int
And those are called the “ generators ” of flow equivalence .
( I feel compelled , in the name of defending myself against the hordes of symolic dynamics researchers who will do doubt try me for crimes against their field , to put in here a disclaimer that deleting sources and sinks are not normally considered among the generators of flow equivalence … but for certain technical reasons , it is convenient to include them here . )
Now , here is where the problem arises .
My functions above will take a matrix , perform an in-amalgamation , for example , and tell me what matrix I ’ve got back .
But it ’s quite rare , actually , that I ’m really interested in merely trying out an in-amalgamation to see what happens .
Actually , I ’m far more interested in following someone ’s construction .
For example , there are some constructions by some smart guys named John Franks and Danrun Huang that both do interesting things .
And here ’s the interesting bit – by the very nature of the construction , I already know what the result is going to be .
What I really care about is what sequence of flow equivalence generators I used to get there .
And the functions I ’ve written above simply can’t tell me that .
One thought might be to use the Writer monad .
I myself considered such a path , but it turns out that I would have been quite mistaken to do so .
Consider the following :
fiddleWith x = do a <- tryOneThing x b <- tryAnotherThing x if a `betterThan` b then return a else return b
See what ’s going to happen here ?
When I calculate the two candidates , I ’ll produce the sequence of flow equivalence generators for each of them in turn , even though only one of them ends up coming back as the result of the computation .
This is quite wrong , and in fact will give me non-sensical results .
Since I anticipate eventually trying to optimize the constructions to try and get better flow equivalences , I certainly do n’t want to create a situation where trying two different things will give nonsensical results !
What I really want is for the sequence of flow equivalence generators to be carried along with the non-negative integer matrix as I perform the construction .
So I want :
outsplit :: Vertex -> [ Vertex ] -> [ Vertex ] -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) insplit :: Vertex -> [ Vertex ] -> [ Vertex ] -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) outamalg :: Vertex -> Vertex -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) inamalg :: Vertex -> Vertex -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) expand :: Vertex -> Bool -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) contract :: Vertex -> Vertex -> Bool -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) dropVertex :: Vertex -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int ) -> ( [ FlowOp ] , Matrix Int )
But I anticipate needing to change some other things , as well .
Eventually , I might want to represent my non-negative integer matrices differently — perhaps as a graph , with labelled edges and vertices .
( It turns out I will want this ! )
I may decide that lists of lists are quite inefficient , and I need some data structure better suited to my task .
I may have other needs that I can’t even predict .
So , at this point , I decide that instead of rewriting all my types for this particular variation , I could try a type class , so what I actually write is :
class FlowEquiv a where matrix :: a -> Matrix
Int size :: a ->
Int outsplit :: Vertex -> [ Vertex ] -> [ Vertex ] -> a -> a insplit :: Vertex -> [ Vertex ] -> [ Vertex ] -> a -> a outamalg :: Vertex -> Vertex -> a -> a inamalg :: Vertex -> Vertex -> a -> a expand :: Vertex -> Bool -> a -> a contract :: Vertex -> Vertex -> Bool -> a -> a dropVertex :: Vertex -> a -> a
This is great , because it allows me to proceed with my implementation in little steps .
I ’m actually going to build myself four ( yes , four ! ) little instances of my type class , and they are going to look like the following .
instance FlowEquiv ( Matrix Int ) where matrix a = a ...
I am still refusing to give you the implementation of this one , not because it ’s a secret , but because it would obscure the point .
If you care , feel free to ask me .
But then adding the logging that I need is simple enough .
First , I need a data type to represent these operations .
data FlowOp = OutSplit Vertex [ Vertex ] [ Vertex ] | InSplit Vertex [ Vertex ] [ Vertex ] | OutAmalg Vertex Vertex | InAmalg Vertex Vertex | Expand Vertex Bool | Contract Vertex Vertex Bool | DropVertex Vertex deriving Show
I ’ll now define a new wrapper type to add such a list to some other FlowEquiv type .
newtype WithFlowOps a = WithFlowOps ( [ FlowOp ] , a ) deriving Show starting :: FlowEquiv a => a ->
WithFlowOps a starting a = WithFlowOps ( [ ] , a ) flowOps :: FlowEquiv a => WithFlowOps a -> [ Flow Op ] flowOps ( WithFlowOps ( ops , _ ) ) = ops
And finally , I ’ll build myself an instance :
instance FlowEquiv a => FlowEquiv ( WithFlowOps a ) where matrix ( WithFlowOps ( _, a ) ) = matrix a size ( WithFlowOps ( _ , a ) ) = size a outsplit v r1 r2 ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ OutSplit v r1 r2 ] , outsplit v r1 r2 a ) insplit v c1 c2 ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ InSplit v c1 c2 ] , insplit v c1 c2 a ) outamalg v w ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ OutAmalg v w ] , outamalg v w a ) inamalg v w ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ InAmalg v w ] , inamalg v w a ) expand v d ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ Expand v d ] , expand v d a ) contract v w d ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ Contract v w d ] , contract v w d a ) dropVertex v ( WithFlowOps ( ops , a ) ) = WithFlowOps ( ops ++ [ DropVertex v ] , dropVertex v a )
Now , so matter what my FlowEquiv type , I can simply wrap it in WithFlowOps ( typically using the “ starting ” function I ’ve defined that starts with an empty list of flow ops ) , and then perform my construction !
When I get back the result , I can ask it for its list of flow equivalence generators , and peruse them as I like .
But , as television infomercials are fond of saying , THAT ’S NOT ALL !
It also turns out that there are some preconditions for performing many of the flow equivalence generating operations .
I can only delete a vertex if it ’s a source or a sink .
I can only contract an edge if it ’s the only edge leaving its source , and the only edge entering its target .
There are more .
So far , I ’ve neglected to check those , so that if I do things correctly , everything is fine ; but if ‘ be made a mistake , I may just get the wrong answer .
I sure do n’t like that !
No problem , I ’ll just make another instance :
newtype WithErrorChecks a = WithErrorChecks { unwrapErrorChecks :: a } deriving Show instance FlowEquiv a => FlowEquiv ( WithErrorChecks a ) where matrix ( WithErrorChecks a ) = matrix a size ( WithErrorChecks a ) = size a outsplit v r1 r2 ( WithErrorChecks a ) | outsplitIsOkay = WithErrorChecks ( outsplit v r1 r2 a ) | otherwise = error " Invalid outsplit " insplit v c1 c2 ( WithErrorChecks a ) | insplitIsOkay = WithErrorChecks ( insplit v c1 c2 a ) | otherwise = error " Invalid insplit " ...
You get the idea .
Well , that ’s sort of cool , too .
I ’m able to perform my error checking in one place , rather than having to build it into every possible representation I might try to implement this for .
But here ’s something really cool !
It turns out there ’s an operation , well known to those symbolic dynamics sorts , called a Franks row move .
It ’s really just a sequence of four of those generators … and not hard to express , but it takes some thinking .
The hardest part , really , is keeping track of the indices of all those vertices .
primitiveRowMove :: FlowEquiv a => Vertex -> Vertex -> a -> a primitiveRowMove v w a = let r1 = replacenth w 1 ( replicate ( size a ) 0 ) r2 = modifynth w ( subtract 1 ) ( matrix a !!
v ) a ' = outsplit v r1 r2 a w ' = if w > v then w + 1 else w c1 = replacenth v 1 ( replicate ( size a ' ) 0 ) c2 = modifynth v ( subtract 1 ) ( map ( !! w ') ( matrix a' ) ) a '' = insplit w ' c 1 c2 a ' v' = if v > w then v + 1 else v a ' '' = contract v' w' False a'' in outamalg v ( v+1 ) a'' '
There it is ( using some utility functions from elsewhere … do n’t worry about the details of what ’s going on , unless you like worrying ) .
Now there ’s another operation , called a Franks column move .
This is a pattern that will show up again and again , though .
Every time I can do something to a matrix , I can also do the same thing to the transpose of that matrix !
That simply amounts to replacing in - splitting with out - splitting , in - amalgamations with out - amalgamations , and so on .
I do n’t want to implement everything twice , so I ’ll automate this process with yet another instance of FlowEquiv .
newtype Transposed a = Transposed { untranspose :: a } deriving Show instance FlowEquiv a => FlowEquiv ( Transposed a ) where matrix ( Transposed a ) = transpose ( matrix a ) size ( Transposed a ) = size a outsplit v r1 r2 ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( insplit v r1 r2 a ) insplit v c1 c2 ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( outsplit v c1 c2 a ) outamalg v w ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( inamalg v w a ) inamalg v w ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( outamalg v w a ) expand v d ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( expand v ( not d ) a ) contract v w d ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( contract w v ( not d ) a ) dropVertex v ( Transposed a ) = Transposed ( dropVertex v a )
Now implementing the Franks column move is a piece of cake !
primitiveColMove :: FlowEquiv a => Vertex -> Vertex -> a -> a primitiveColMove v w = untranspose .
primitiveRowMove w v .
Transposed
And that is indisputably cool .
In addition to implementing this type class for the underlying type , Matrix Int , we ’ve managed to craft three different secondary instances , each of which is solved a very different problem , and each of which saves a fair amount of work by removing some secondary task from the things we need to think about , instead separating it cleanly into a wrapper type .
1. Tunguska -
Thousands of square kilometers of trees were burned
In the early morning of 30 June , 1908 , witnesses told of a gigantic explosion and blinding flash .
Thousands of square kilometres of trees were burned and flattened .
Scientists have always suspected that an incoming comet or asteroid lay behind the event - but no impact crater was ever discovered and no expedition to the area has ever found any large fragments of an extraterrestrial object .
The explosion , equivalent to 10 - 15 million tonnes of TNT , occurred over the Siberian forest , near a place known as Tunguska .
A flash fire burned thousands of trees near the impact site .
An atmospheric shock wave circled the Earth twice .
And , for two days afterwards , there was so much fine dust in the atmosphere that newspapers could be read at night by scattered light in the streets of London , 10,000 km ( 6,213 miles ) away .
Nearly a century later , scientists are still debating what happened at that remote spot .
Was it a comet or an asteroid ?
Some have even speculated that it was a mini- black hole , though there is no evidence of it emerging from the other side of the Earth , as it would have done .
What is more , none of the samples of soil , wood or water recovered from the impact zone have been able to cast any light on what the Tunguska object actually was .
Researchers from several Italian universities have visited Tunguska many times in the past few years .
Now , in a pulling together of their data and information from several hitherto unused sources , the scientists offer an explanation about what happened in 1908 .
Possible orbits
They analysed seismic records from several Siberian monitoring stations , which combined with data on the directions of flattened trees gives information about the object 's trajectory .
So far , over 60,000 fallen trees have been surveyed to determine the site of the blast wave .
Trees , Luigi Foschini
Over 60,000 fallen trees have been surveyed to determine the site of the blast wave .
" We performed a detailed analysis of all the available scientific literature , including unpublished eye - witness accounts that have never been translated from the Russian , " said Dr Foschini .
" This allowed us to calculate the orbit of the cosmic body that crashed . "
The object appears to have approached Tunguska from the southeast at about 11 km per second ( 7 miles a second ) .
Using this data , the researchers were able to plot a series of possible orbits for the object .
Of the 886 valid orbits that they calculated , over 80 % of them were asteroid orbits with only a minority being orbits that are associated with comets .
But if it was an asteroid why did it break up completely ?
" Possibly because the object was like asteroid Mathilde , which was photographed by the passing Near - Shoemaker spaceprobe in 1997 .
Mathilde is a rubble pile with a density very close to that of water .
This would mean it could explode and fragment in the atmosphere with only the shock wave reaching the ground . "
The research will be published in a forthcoming edition of the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics .
2. The Cando Event -
A fireball in the sky
The Cando event was an explosion that occurred in the village of Cando , Spain , in the morning of January 18 , 1994 .
There were no casualties in this incident , which has been described as being like a small Tunguska event .
Witnesses claim to have seen a fireball in the sky lasting for almost one minute .
Up to 200 m3 of terrain was missing and trees were found displaced 100 m down the hill .
Opinions are divided about the causes of the explosion .
Local residents , claim it was a meteor , as an object " the size of a full moon " was seen in the skies of the Spanish region of Galicia .
The mystery became fertile ground for conspiracy theories that point to military or " alien activities " .
3. The Vela Incident -
An unidentified double flash of light
On 22 September 1979 , sometime around 3:00 am local time , a US Atomic Energy Detection System satellite recorded an unidentified double flash of light in a remote portion of the Indian Ocean .
Moments later an unusual , fast - moving ionospheric disturbance was detected by the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico , and at about the same time a distant , muffled thud was overheard by the US Navy`s undersea Sound Surveillance System ( SOSUS ) .
Evidently something violent and explosive had transpired in the ocean off the southern tip of Africa .
Half a year later , researchers in western Australia detected increased amounts of radiation in the area .
The signal appeared to come from a 3,000 mile area that included the South Atlantic , Indian Ocean , tip of Africa , and part of Antarctica .
A presidential panel concluded in May 1980 that the signal was more likely an artifact of a meteoroid hitting the satellite and sunlight reflecting off particles ejected as a result of the collision .
Much of the information about the event is still classified .
4. Eastern Mediterranean Event - Calculated yield of about 2 Hiroshima bombs
The Eastern Mediterranean Event was a high - energy aerial explosion over the Mediterranean Sea , - between Libya and Crete , Greece - on June 6th , 2002 .
This explosion , similar in power to a small atomic bomb , has been related to an asteroid undetected while approaching the Earth .
The object disintegrated and no part was recovered .
Since it did not reach the surface and it exploded over the sea , no crater was formed .
It was detected by satellites and seismographic stations , with a calculated yield of about 26 kilotons of TNT , approximately double the yield of the Hiroshima bomb , comparable to a small modern nuclear bomb .
Clearly babies are on the brain for me , but hopefully that ’s not an entirely bad thing for the comic .
Someone had mentioned doing a Kirby comic , and I thought that inventing a baby Kirby would be fun since Nintendo has n’t done it yet .
Ray definitely helped ‘ nurture ’ this idea along as I was about to throw the baby out with the bath water .
I think we probably ‘ milked ’ the idea for all it was worth .
Did I mention babies on the brain ?
Kirby and Kirbaby .
I like it .
Feel free to pay me for the idea , Nintendo …
Adm Mullen said it was in America 's security interests to fight the Taliban
A US troop build - up in Afghanistan could push Taliban fighters deeper into Pakistan , further destabilising it , the most senior US commander has warned .
Admiral Michael Mullen , who chairs the Joint Chiefs of Staff , was speaking at a meeting of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in Washington .
Thousands of Pakistani troops are already battling Taliban militants in the north - west of the country .
Up to two million people in the area have fled the fighting , the UN says .
On Friday , the UN launched an appeal for $ 543 m ( £ 343 m ) to ease what it said was the " incredible suffering " of the internally displaced people in Pakistan .
New strategy
In Washington , Adm Mullen told the Senate committee that the US had a clear national security interest in confronting the Taliban .
" They want Afghanistan back .
We can't let them or their al - Qaeda cohorts have it .
We can't permit the return of the ... very same safe haven from which the attacks on 9/11 were planned and resourced , " he said .
But Adm Mullen agreed with one of the senators that a US offensive in southern Afghanistan could force more Taliban fighters to flee into Pakistan .
" We can't deny that our success in that regard [ in Afghanistan ] may only push them [ militants ] deeper into Pakistan , " he said .
" Can I ... [ be ] 100 % certain that wo n't destabilise Pakistan ?
I do n't know the answer to that , " he added .
However , Adm Mullen said US and Pakistani forces were planning measures to prevent this , without giving further details .
Adm Mullen 's comments come as US President Barack Obama 's administration prepares to send thousands of extra troops to Afghanistan .
With plans announced for a phased pull - out of US troops from Iraq , Afghanistan was recently confirmed as the primary focus of US military operations .
Mr Obama 's new strategy is expected to pair non-military methods and reconstruction with a stronger armed force on the ground .
On Thursday , the United States Federal Reserve launched heavy defense of its organization and warned that the efforts of Congress and HR 1207 could eventually hurt the economy and cause high long - term interest rates .
Federal Reserve Vice - Chairman Donald Kohn said , in front of the House of Representatives Financial Services Subcommittee , putting monetary policy under political influence would hurt the U.S. economy , “ Any substantial erosion of the Federal Reserve 's monetary independence likely would lead to higher long - term interest rates as investors begin to fear future inflation . ” Mr. Kohn ’s testimony comes as Congress debate Pres .
Obama ’s regulatory reform , which would expand the Federal Reserve ’s power in monetary policy .
The expansion of power will give the Federal Reserve the role to monitor financial risks along the economic platform to withstand such future fiduciary troubles .
HR 1207 Federal Reserve Transparency
Act of 2009 , which has won majority of support in Congress with 256 co-sponsors , was introduced by Texas Congressman and former 2008 Republican Presidential Candidate Ron Paul .
Dr. Paul has been fighting to audit the Federal Reserve since he entered Congress but it received little support .
Presently , the Government Accountability Office has not been able to audit the Federal Reserve System .
Mr. Kohn said on this topic , “ The Federal Reserve strongly believes that removing the statutory limits on GAO audits of monetary policy matters would be contrary to the public interest by tending to undermine the independence and efficacy of monetary policy . ” Mr. Kohn , and others within the Federal Reserve , believes that government meddling in the U.S. Central Bank could come at a high cost , “ The bond rating agencies view operational independence of a country 's central bank as an important factor in determining sovereign credit ratings , suggesting that a threat to the Federal Reserve 's independence could lower the Treasury 's debt rating and thus raise its cost of borrowing .
” In March 2009 , the Federal Reserve printed at least $ 1.15 trillion and injected it into the economy .
Many have forewarned hyperinflation such as : Ron Paul , Peter Schiff , Jim Rogers and Marc Faber because of the amount of fiat currency printed .
The United States currently holds an $ 11.5 trillion national debt and China is the biggest foreign holder of U.S. debt with $ 740 billion .
How much does the Federal Reserve own ?
The Fed owns $ 4.8 trillion in U.S. treasury debt .
Ten years ago , the Federal Reserve owned only $ 2.5 trillion .
Milton Friedman , an Austrian economist and Nobel Prize winner , proved that the Federal Reserve caused the Great Depression of 1929 and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke acknowledged this .
Mr. Bernanke said , on Mr. Friedman ’s 90th birthday , “ I would like to say to Milton and Anna : Regarding the Great Depression , you ’re right .
We did it .
We ’re very sorry . ”
Make any Ruby object Rack - friendly with Rackable
By Ric Roberts
François Vaux has recently published a Ruby module called Rackable which allows you to make any Ruby object Rack - friendly , providing it with a REST - like interface .
What does this mean ?
Well , a Rack application is essentially a Ruby object that responds to call ( ) .
Rackable just gives your object a call method which uses the Rack environment to dispatch to a method .
So , you just need to include Rackable in your class and implement methods for the the appropriate REST verbs .
This means you can create a hello_world .ru file like this :
require ' rackable ' class HelloWorld include Rackable def get ( )
" Hello , world ! " end end run HelloWorld.new
... start it with rackup , and then use something like curl ( or even your browser ) to call the methods .
Thanks to Alex Young for putting me on to this .
Also ..
Got a slow Test :: Unit or RSpec suite ?
Run them up to three times faster on Devver 's cloud !
Setup is simple and requires no code changes .
Request a beta invite today !
Click Here to Read Whole Article
" This is a big problem , because the law is very clear , " Feinstein said as the details of Cheney 's wrongdoing began to come to light .
" If the Intelligence Committees had been briefed , they could have asked for regular reports on the program , they could have made judgments about the program as it went along .
That was not the case , because we were kept in the dark .
That 's something that should never , ever happen again . "
The intelligence committee chair -- whose power is usually matched only by her caution -- bluntly suggested that Cheney had acted illegally .
" I think you weaken your case when you go outside the law , " Feinstein said .
" We should have been briefed before the commencement of this kind of sensitive program . "
Of course , there will be push back from the defenders of the indefensible .
" It is not out of the ordinary for the vice president to be involved in an issue like this , " said Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl , ( R - Arizona ) .
Kyl point is well taken ; the Arizonan has worked with several vice presidents who have been " involved in an issue like this . "
George Herbert Walker Bush was all wrapped up in the Iran - Contra scandal and Cheney 's regard for the rule of law is so dismissive as to make him a prime suspect whenever a shredded copy of the Constitution is uncovered .
But the fact that the Congress failed to hold the elder Bush to account for his high crimes and misdemeanors does not absolve Cheney of responsibility for what he has done .
Not , it should be noted , does it absolve Congress .
Durbin is precisely right when he says :
( We ) know that Vice President Cheney played an unusual role with President Bush in the early days of the administration .
That seemed to change over time .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
TEXAS , U.S.A .
American cops are as corrupted as Mexican cops , and this CNN video proves it .
Submitted by cotto on Tue , 07/21/2009 - 08:58
" Look at the skies , " whispered the Dog kindly .
" Look at the trees where God made beauty .
But it is only a sorrow to look on me where God planted ugliness . " sighed the Dog , " such a fine small beak you have . "
Not his most piercing , his most murderous crow could move this remarkable rag .
Not the words of his anger could send this Dog away .
Chauntecleer shuddered with rage .
His wattles trembled .
His feathers stood out and shivered .
And seeing that there was nothing else to do , he bit the dog savagely on the nose .
...
With every peck the Dog said , " Thanks . "
With every other peck he wept , " But it wo n't work . "
And with ever third peck he wailed , " Yet thou art more than a friend to me . "
There came the time , finally , when Chauntecleer the Rooster himself broke down .
After the Dog had begun to croon , " My friend is a surgeon , a doctor sent from heaven with healing in his beak , " it happened that Chauntecleer himself began to cry .
He slid down to the ground and lay on his back with his two claws pointing to heaven and gurgled a broken crow .
He wept . ...
" It is , " said the Dog in commiseration , " a convincing argument , this body .
Mountains last forever , though it was a worthy effort , good friend .
But mountains last forever , and many a worthy spirit breaks upon them . "
He sighed , and then wept quietly and almost peacefully .
Suddenly the Rooster said , " Headache .
Headache ! " he snapped .
And then he did n't strut .
He stumbled into the Coop .
The Dog rolled his eyes without rolling his body from its back .
" A doctor sent from heaven , " he said .
— Walter Wagnerin Jr , The Book of the Dun Cow
On behalf of the Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 1.4.0 " Mundo Cani . "
Parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages .
Parrot 1.4.0 is available on Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the download instructions .
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on our source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
Parrot 1.4.0
News :
- Core + Key and Iterator refactor +
Major pbc_to_exe generated code speed improvement +
New " Infinite Memory " GC core for demonstration purposes + gc_debug runcore and GC - related heisenbug fixes +
Elimination of variable expansion in parrot_config + CLI arguments are processed as Unicode by default +
Substantial optimizations in NCI +
Parrot builds on Win64 +
Hashes can use native types as keys and values +
Fixed installed pbc_to_exe +
Simplification of PMC generation code +
Improved GC encapsulation and API documentation - Documentation +
List of candidates for embedding API ( docs/embed.pod ) + PIR book sent to publisher - Testing +
Several conversions of Perl test to pure PIR . +
C indentation coding standards test improvement +
Improved test coverage of example code - Deprecations +
Removal of PGE rules : < null > < fail > < sp > < lt > < gt > < dot > +
Removal of PGE methods : . text .item .result_object +
Deprecation of most dynops + Miscellaneous +
Beginnings of OpenGL :: Math library ; OpenGL bindings and library marked experimental +
Localizing and consting fixes +
Many memory and thread - related leaks plugged
Thanks to all our contributors for making this possible , and our sponsors
for supporting this project .
Our next release is 18 August 2009 .
Enjoy !
Labour 's flagship policies on criminal justice have brought about a crisis in the prison system , a group of leading penal reformers headed by Cherie Booth QC has concluded .
In a radical report , the Commission on English Prisons Today calls for the closure of many prisons and a new direction in sentencing .
The commission said that the National Offenders Management Service ( Noms ) , established five years ago after a review led by Tony Blair 's office , was " ineffective " and should be dismantled .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Noms , which brings together the management of prisons and probation , was also attacked as " unwieldy " and " over - complex " .
Instead , the commission , set up two years ago by the Howard League for Prison Reform , said the emphasis should be on imprisoning offenders locally so that communities had a financial stake in the cost of sentencing .
Its report , Do Better Do Less , concludes that prisons have become " warehouses " where people with mental health problems and those with drug and alcohol addictions are " dumped " .
The authors said criminals should be given community punishments instead of short prison terms .
But it failed to say how many offenders should be in prison at any one time .
Prison numbers have reached nearly 84,000 , double what they were in 1992 , despite an overall decline in crime .
Penal policy and the criminal justice system were responsible for driving up the numbers , said the commissioners .
" The intense and punitive political activity has had an effect of encouraging a more fearful and insecure population , " the report said .
Government policies had " raised unrealistic expectations " of what prisons could do for society , creating a " crisis in penal excess " .
Ms Booth , the commission president , said : " This final report should be a road - map for long - term and fundamental reform .
The commission proposes that justice is more local .
Crucially , more widespread use of effective community sentences would both allow us to reduce the use of prison and allow for re-investment of resources into local communities to cut offending . "
The commission chairman , Professor David Wilson , said England and Wales punished criminals " harshly and excessively " .
Ministers were guilty of passing legislation that increased prison terms while disregarding the consequences for the prison population .
" The result is a crisis of overcrowding which threatens to bring the penal system to its knees , " he said .
A Ministry of Justice spokesman said prison would remain a " central part " of government policy : " While we disagree with some of the commission 's findings , we do agree that , for those who have committed less serious offences , community punishments are highly effective , with a lower re-offending rate than short custodial sentences .
" But prison ... plays a critical role in punishing and reforming and is the right place for the most serious , violent and persistent offenders .
By describing prisons as ' vast warehouses ' the report both distorts reality and overlooks the superb work of prison officers and other staff who work so hard to protect the public and help offenders . "
As luck would have it , several models were open .
They liked what they saw .
As even greater luck would have it , on the way out they bumped into an agent , Kathleen Malone of @Properties , and she told them she had one unit that was a steal of a deal .
“ We walked away after that just to make sure we had our figures in order and to make sure this was n’t something we were doing on a whim , ” said Mr. Warnes , 36 , a project manager for a global staffing company .
“ But this was an offer we could n’t refuse . ”
The Laasraoui family , whose primary home is in Lugano , Switzerland , said they wanted a modern American counterpart to the slower European country life .
Chicago ’s downtown has been virtually reborn as a residential and arts and entertainment district over the last 15 years , and the city is a finalist to be the host city for the 2016 Olympics , a position that has only increased its international cachet .
Image Nancy Laasraoui and daughters Mariam , center , and Yasmine , spend summers in a Gold Coast condo .
Credit ... Sally Ryan for The New York Times
“ We could have picked London , could have picked Italy or another place in Switzerland , but we like the Gold Coast , ” said Abdellatif Laasraoui , 47 , referring to the area north of the Magnificent Mile where his family moved into a half - million - dollar vacation condo last year .
“ There is no comparison in space or comfort .
You ’d have to pay 10 times more to get something comparable . ”
“ And , ” added Mr. Laasraoui , an executive for a steel manufacturing company , “ to commute from Chicago , it is very easy .
I can go anywhere in the world from Chicago . ”
Mr. Johnson , 53 , the empty - nester , is actually seeking a third home , a place in to complement a lake house in Michigan and a home in La Grange Park , Ill .
He wants to be able to walk to his downtown office on weekdays instead of taking a train and a bus from La Grange Park .
Single after a divorce , he wants to be close to the vibrant night life of the Gold Coast and other downtown areas .
" Steerable Mass " is the concept behind this orb-robot .
It was realized by Nils Völker and I really recommend a look at his beautiful and well - balanced website , also with lots of technical explanations of his bot .
This is meanwhile his third exploration of a NXT bot , and the works all have its unique charm .
Another , but similar robot ( not made by Nils ) is the " Rotundus - groundbot " .
Same technique , but much more spooky !
[ via ]
A closure , in JavaScript , can simply be described as a retained scope ; at least , this is how I think of it .
The benefit of a closure is in the fact that it retains the scope ( the “ scope chain ” ) of the outer ( or “ parent ” ) execution context .
This behaviour can be used in a number of different ways and has become a useful remedy for quite a few JavaScript gotchas ; one of the most common being the “ looping problem ” .
The looping problem occurs when you create a function within a loop and expect the current value of a variable to retain itself within that new function even though it changes in the loops context before your new function is called .
Here ’s en example :
var myElements = [ /* DOM Collection */ ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; ++ i ) { myElements [ i ] . onclick = function ( ) { alert ( ' You clicked on : ' + i ) ; } ; }
By the time myElements [ 0 ] . onclick is triggered the value of i will be 99 , meaning that whatever element you click on you ’ll always get the message , “ You clicked on : 99 ” .
This problem can be solved by creating a function and calling it on each iteration of the loop , while passing i ; calling the function will form a brand new execution context where the value of i is retained and can be used in any way within that context , including within the returned function .
function getHandler ( n ) { return function ( ) { alert ( ' You clicked on : ' + n ) ; } ; } for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; ++ i ) { myElements [ i ] . onclick = getHandler ( i ) ; }
Now it works perfectly !
A common shortcut used is to create and call the function at the same time , using what is known as a “ self invoking anonymous function ” :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; ++ i ) { myElements [ i ] . onclick = ( function ( n ) { return function ( ) { alert ( ' You clicked on : ' + n ) ; } ; } ) ( i ) ; }
This way is more common since it ’s more concise and heck , it looks cooler !
But , the former technique is probably faster since you ’re only creating the getHandler function once ; not on every iteration .
Note :
You do n’t have to use a different identifier ( n ) when passing i to the function but , generally , it ’s good practice not to overwrite variables of an inherited scope .
Another common usage of the closure is Yahoo’s ( or Crockfords ? )
Module Pattern :
var someCoolModule = ( function ( ) { var privateVariable = 12345 ; return { doSomething : function ( ) { alert ( privateVariable ) ; } , doSomethingElse : function ( ) { // ... } } } ) ( ) ; /*
The first set of parentheses ( around " function ( ) {} " ) is n't required but is used to make it obvious that the function is immediately invoked , thus making it obvious that the expression does not necessarily return that function ; but instead the return value of that function */
By using the module pattern we can create both private and public variables / methods .
Since the returned functions inherit the scope of the parent function they have access to all variables and arguments within that context .
The closure is also useful in a situation where a function uses the same resource on every call yet also creates that resource on every call , thus making it inefficient , e.g .
function doSomething ( ) { var regex = / [ ^ [ ] (.+? ) .$/ ; /*
Do other stuff ... */ }
Since regex does n’t change between function calls we can put it elsewhere ; and what better place to hide it than in an unexposed private scope :
var doSomething = ( function ( ) { var regex = / [ ^ [ ] (.+? ).$/ ; return function ( ) { /*
Do someting with " regex " ... */ } ; } ) ( ) ;
Have any other useful applications of the closure ?
– please share …
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
The new version of Firefox may allow tabs to run across the top
The open - source browser Firefox passed its billionth download on Friday , ahead of the release of its fourth iteration .
The milestone includes downloads of all versions of the web software since its first release in 2004 .
Figures suggest that Firefox now has nearly one third of the browser market worldwide , at 31 % .
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer still dominates the field with around 60 % , whilst Google 's Chrome , Apple 's Safari and Opera are all less than 5 % .
Microsoft is currently in talks with the European competition regulators , which ruled in January that pre-bundling Internet Explorer with the company 's Windows operating system hurt competition .
The firm recently made a proposal that would offer European buyers of its new Windows 7 operating system a list of potential browsers when they first install the software .
Regulators in Brussels said they " welcomed " the proposal but have yet to make a decision .
Firefox would be among the browsers on offer .
Record run
The browser , developed by the Mozilla Foundation , has quickly become a favourite with web surfers since its launch in 2004 .
Last year , the foundation set a new Guinness world record for the most software downloaded in 24 hours when the third version of Firefox was downloaded more than eight million times .
The billionth download figure includes all versions of Firefox released since 2004 and includes single users downloading multiple copies for different computers .
In addition , the figure includes anyone manually updating their software to the latest version , rather than waiting for the automatic download .
Automatic updates are not included in the total .
The total number of downloads can be tracked on the Mozilla website .
The foundation plans to launch a new website , OneBillionPlusYou.com , to celebrate the milestone .
Mozilla developers are currently working on the fourth iteration of the software .
Earlier this week , it showed off screenshots of the next version of the browser , Firefox 4.0 .
The images showed a browser with a similar look to Google 's Chrome software .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Guest Hosting ( Friday ) for Mike Malloy ! "
( 77 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan . said on 7/24/2009 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
Damn I wish you 'd discuss the issues of election fraud , anthrax attacks , 9/11 facts and contradictions , the federal reserve banking system and its history of privacy .
Richard Gage would make for an excellent guest .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/24/2009 @ 3:45 pm PT ...
Damn , they 're going to have the right winger on the show again
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/24/2009 @ 4:07 pm PT ...
Whose that , Flo ? Me? Orangutan -
We hit election reform last night , but can't cover everything when I only get a few hours , every now and again , on the air at all .
Nonetheless , trying to leave LOTS of room for calls tonight , so feel free to call in !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
I heard that .
Sum dood called you a wingnut , I LMAO
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
News Flash : Mullen tells al - Jazeera that we do n't go into sovereign countries :
http://www.dailytimes.co...%5Cstory_24-7-2009_pg1_4
That 's a relief , now is n't it ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:40 pm PT ...
And , how about the status of Obama 's first successful coup ?
http://english.aljazeera...2009724201243433147.html
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:45 pm PT ...
Or his having turned Bagram in to the latest black hole of brutalization for detainees ?
http://www.washingtonpos.../15/AR2009071503156.html
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
Or putting a Monsanto exec in charge of food safety at FDA : http://www.grist.org/art...-08-monsanto-FDA-taylor/
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Flo said : I heard that .
Sum dood called you a wingnut , I LMAO Hope he calls in tonight !
I wants to hear from the wingnuts of all wings tonight !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 5:58 pm PT ...
And we do n't want these stinking wars , but , pfeh , since when did that matter ?
http://news.antiwar.com/...-in-us-oppose-both-wars/
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:06 pm PT ...
Who is " Glenn Greenwald " ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
Is that with one " N " or two ?
I 'm googling him , to see who he is .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
Greg Palast - who 's that ?
I'm " googling " him right now ...
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
Gos !
Did you hear that ?
Call in and hold Brad accountable !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
What does " accountable " mean ?
I 'm googling that word ...
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:12 pm PT ...
It says Greg Palast plays centerfield for the Dodgers .
Ask Glenn Greenwald if he 's ever seen this :
The Myth of the Liberal Media : The Propaganda Model of News http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYlyb1Bx9Ic
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:13 pm PT ...
Edward Herman and Noam Chomsky demolish one of the central tenets of our political culture , the idea of the " liberal media . "
Instead , utilizing a systematic model based on massive empirical research , they reveal the manner in which the news media are so subordinated to corporate and conservative interests that their function can only be described as that of " elite propaganda . "
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:18 pm PT ...
I love this picture , " Mike Malloy - see ya in HELL ! " http://3.bp.blogspot.com...MjQ/s320/mike-malloy.gif
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:20 pm PT ...
Glenn Greenwald ROCKS AND ROCKS AND ROCKS !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:22 pm PT ...
...oh I can't wait !
GREAT debate last week between Glenn and the one who shall not be named .
I think it was Soul Rebel who commented that it should be a career ending exchange for T*dd , and I whole - heartedly agree .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:25 pm PT ...
On second thought - since Dobbs went crazy - bat - sticks on CNN and he 's still got a job , it 'll probably take more than just a complete lack of a moral center and journalistic integrity to remove that ass - clown from the airwaves .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:29 pm PT ...
BRAD !
YOU BETTER NOT DROP HIM AGAIN OR I'M GOING POSTAL !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
The only guys as sexy as environmentalist loggers are lawyers with morals .....
Yeah !
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
Dobbs : I can't figure him out .
He talked about outsourcing and e-vote machines ... and then , well , I do n't know ...
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
YES !
Ninth year of the * administration .
Just so .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
George Bush " kept us safe " : 9/11 , 3,000 people dead !
That 's " safe " ???
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Just do n't tell them what you plan to do !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:47 pm PT ...
What about the Rabbi's arrested in New Jersey ?
That 's a huge story .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:50 pm PT ...
I feel so much better about using certified and screened psychics ....
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
Were they money - laundering , Danny ?
What were they doing ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
Frickin ' CAR SALESMAN now ... sheesh ....
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Human organ trafficking :
The case began with bank fraud charges against a member of an insular Syrian Jewish enclave centered in a seaside town .
But when that man became a federal informant and posed as a crooked real estate developer offering cash bribes to obtain government approvals , it mushroomed into a political scandal that could rival any of the most explosive and sleazy episodes in New Jersey ’s recent past .
It was replete with tales of the illegal sales of human organs ; of furtive negotiations in diners and parking lots ; of nervous jokes about “ patting down ’’ a man who turned out to indeed be an informant ; and , again and again , of the passing of cash - once in a box of Apple Jacks cereal stuffed with $ 97,000 .
http://www.boston.com/ne...sted_in_corruption_case/
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
" Three New Jersey mayors and several rabbis were arrested on Thursday in a sweeping federal investigation into political corruption that also uncovered human kidney sales and money laundering from Brooklyn to Israel "
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... PJBurke said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
The lawyer for the goat ( he --- the lawyer , not the goat --- lives down the hall ) says his client wants flowers , chocolates , and dinner ... same time , same place next Wednesday ?
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
Israel has a high demand and low donor rate for human organs .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:02 pm PT ...
Big Dan ( # 24 ) ~ I know !
I 'm confounded , too .
But I have noticed that Lou 's odd behavior does seem to fit a bewildering pattern I 've noticed from a lot of libertarian - like folks since Ron Paul sort of " disavowed " his own presidential prospects .
Like Lou , RP folks were all over how easy it was to manipulate elections , ' member ?
Astute , hyper - aware people who knew when they were being lied to , understood how to wrangle the forces of internet and organize for the greater good .
Then suddenly they seemed to go all " birther - borderline - racist - whacko ' overnight .
I 've had to remove myself from a LOT of their mailing lists .
Weird - we used to share a strong , common desire to see the Bill of Rights preserved and upheld , and the rest we could agree to disagree on .
Now they tend to watch , and AGREE with Blechy Glenn .
I 'm mortified .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:03 pm PT ...
Okay .
Right .
I read about the organ trafficking , but thought the rabbi thing was separate .
This world is turning into one of those post - apocalypse movies , is n't it ?
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:07 pm PT ...
His Bradness --- quoth Peter B --- is bradcasting ....
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:13 pm PT ...
The official numbers for unemployment are seriously low : Click on the graph for explanation of stats .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:20 pm PT ...
I like Greg Palast 's piece on the Exxon Valdez .
http://www.gregpalast.co...of-the-exxon-valdez-lie/
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
In other words , in the real world , unemployment is OVER 20 % .
I think it was Clinton who figured out a new way to report the unemployment figures ... just report the people collecting and those who have fallen off without a job and those who are of age and wanting jobs are not counted .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
I like all Greg 's reporting .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:22 pm PT ...
But I have noticed that Lou 's odd behavior does seem to fit a bewildering pattern
Yes , " odd " and " bewildering " .
Exactly .
I actually used to like him , and watched him a lot years ago .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
Oh , Dire Straits , I want my Mark Knopfler ....
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
Palast 's other stuff stinks , besides the Exxon Valdez piece .
( just kidding )
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:24 pm PT ...
I like Dobbs ... but ... yes ... he appears to be getting a little dotty .
This " birther " bit is really bad , because Kitty Pilgrim was the one , ON HIS SHOW , who debunked it completely .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
I 'm so relieved Greg is talking about this stuff on the air .
Now when people whine about how pissed off I am , I can just link them to the archive of this show .....
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:43 pm PT ...
Hi , wish I was here , ca n't stay - things going on elsewhere tonight - all weekend for that matter .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
Hey !
This IS the ninth year of the * Administration .
Remember ?
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:47 pm PT ...
Dammit , BB2 !
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:53 pm PT ...
Yes , nail Holder 's pansy ass !
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:54 pm PT ...
They 're not even TRYING to do healthcare !!!!
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
I 've actually thought about moving to Canada .
I 'll come back , when / if everyone 's covered with health care .
If I move , give me a buzz when they get it .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 7:59 pm PT ...
I just got an email from Barbara Boxer saying she needs my help on the healthcare thing .
I just replied with " SINGLE PAYER !!!!!! " in giant font boldface .
Fucking venal blockheads ....
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
Dannnnnnnnnny !
Take me with you .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:06 pm PT ...
You guys just really do n't have the knack for outrage !
This is " accountability Friday " and you have been invited to bitch your heads off !
Complain about Brad 's breath !
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:09 pm PT ...
The " liberal media " plays an important role in no accountability for the torturers and the Bush administration .
Look who 's on the " liberal " TV : Liz Cheney , Dick Cheney , Newt Gingrich , more Republicans than Democrats .
The media is NOT liberal !
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:11 pm PT ...
And the people on TV are apologists for them , like Chuck Todd .
Where 's the liberals on the liberal TV ?
Ralph Nader , Noam Chomsky , Dennis Kucinich , Bernie Sanders ...
Who 's on the " liberal TV " more : UNELECTED Liz Cheney or elected Senator Bernie Sanders ?
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:20 pm PT ...
Why is anyone in the Fudd family on tv at all ?
That so totally creeps me out !
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
Little known fact : Darth Fudd has been clinically dead for ten years .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:28 pm PT ...
Damn it !
Finally a revolutionary !
And Brad cuts him off !
I'M HOLDING YOU ACCOUNTABLE FOR THAT , BRAD !
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/24/2009 @ 8:59 pm PT ...
Yeah , where are all the hotheads , 99 ?!
I tried to give 'em air time Oh , well .
Thanks for all guys .
Must vacate studio .
Hope I * do n't* see ya on Monday ( cuz that means Mike is feeling better ) .
Thanks Niners et al !
Night !
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... The Food Fascist said on 7/24/2009 @ 9:12 pm PT ...
Brad Blog meister !
Sign the petition to keep senate in session to pass a health care bill .
Tanks
Do n't give up !
Tell people to watch ' Sick around the world ' at pbs.org http://action.firedoglak...dlemail&subsource=ns
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 7/26/2009 @ 10:36 am PT ...
I kinda like it when McCain 's daughter is on .
But of course she usually makes sense , calling Joe the not - a- plumber an idiot .
That 's probably why she 's not on anymore , as opposed to wingnut liz cheney .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/26/2009 @ 10:43 pm PT ...
" ... teabagging birthers ... "
Unbelievably clumsy and stupid attempt to tie tea party protestors with birthers .
That 's not going to work .
And count on this :
With these deficits remaining in the trillion - dollar range , the tea party protests will keep growing .
Next April 15th they will be phenomenal .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/27/2009 @ 10:12 am PT ...
Damail - Just curious --- where were the teabaggers over the last eight years when Bush was running up the largest deficit in the history of civilization ?
Any coincidence that they 've only decided to start protesting that now ?
( Also , coincidentally , just after 95 % of the American tax - paying public has just been given a tax cut ? )
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/27/2009 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
Uh , Brad ... The deficit that President Obama is running IN HIS FIRST YEAR is dwarfing what President Bush ran up during his 8 years in office .
Obama is on track to add 10 TRILLION dollars to the deficit .
The tea party protestors will continue to grow .
bank on it .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/27/2009 @ 4:54 pm PT ...
Oops .
I meant to say 10 trillion dollars to the National Debt .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/27/2009 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
That was n't my question , Damail .
I asked where you teabaggers were when George W. Bush spent 8 years running up the largest deficit in the history of civilization .
Why not protests ?
And why only protests against taxation now that 95 % of America has gotten a tax cut from Barack Obama ?
Care to answer the actual question , chief ?
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/27/2009 @ 10:40 pm PT ...
It 's amazing that this has to be explained at all , but I can tell you do n't pay close attention to conservatives .
There were plenty of rumblings from people - including full - fledged Bush supporters - that he was spending to much money .
That was one of several reasons that conservative support began to melt away .
Protests ?
Yeah , there was a big one - on Election Day .
A lot of people who previously favored Republicans either switched their vote to Obama and the Democrats , or they stayed home .
But once again , you refuse to discuss the difference in magnitude .
President Bush 's deficits were in the $ 200 billion to $ 400 billion range .
Horrendous .
But " horrendous " does n't even begin to describe the possibility that President Obama 's deficits may flirt with $ 2 trillion .
This could wreck us .
And lefties are fine with this ??
Huh ???
Furthermore , a whole bunch of tax proposals are beginning to surface that could undercut your 95 % claim .
The latest : Tax soda pop to pay for health care .
Burp .
No matter how many times your crowd tries to dismiss these protests with testicle - licking comments , and no matter how many times Janeane Garofalo crawls out of her Shrek swamp to slander us , we will continue to speak out .
And our voices will grow .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/27/2009 @ 11:05 pm PT ...
Face it , Damail , anyone we put in there would have run up this big a tag , and screwed us at least this badly .
43 would have done it if he could have stayed in office longer , or the plutocrats ' house of cards had fallen sooner .
The wars should n't have been started .
Wall Street should have been regulated .
The taxes should n't have been cut .
All of it was criminal , and done to make the 1 % comfortable while the rest of us scramble and starve and pay and pay and pay .
And , both of you , this partisan crap is SUICIDAL .
We are in big trouble .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/28/2009 @ 2:25 pm PT ...
Damail foolishly said : I can tell you do n't pay close attention to conservatives .
There were plenty of rumblings from people
You can't tell anything apparently .
Because you 're little more than a partisan and a phony " conservative " .
" Rumblings " ?
Really ?
Where were you in 2002 when Cheney said " deficits do n't matter " ?
When Paul O'Neill was pleading that the $ 158 billion defecit at the time would end up careening towards disaster ?
Are you saying the 2008 election was a protest against that ?
Against the trillion dollar price tag for Iraq ?
( Yes , if you 're gonna use that sort of 10 year or more math with Obama 's numbers , than same applies to Bush / Cheney ) .
There were no protests , no objections from " conservatives " .
Only justifications and rationalizations for it .
Who did you vote for in 2004 , Damail ?
Your phony " conservative " friends and their phony , Fox " News " hyped protests are a joke .
Not to mention , they paled in comparison to the protests against Bush which Fox and Friends ( including CNN , MSNBC , and all the rest ) refused to run on air .
You and your buddies would n't know real conservatism if it bit you in the ass .
And , oh , by the way , it did .
Save your phony concerns about the deficit --- and your " beginning to surface " phony math --- for someone who has n't been paying close attention to " conservatives " over the last 8 years .
Your bullshit does n't work here .
Even if you 've managed to trick yourself into believe it .
Agent 99 - 43 did " run up this big a tag " .
The bank bailout was his .
And every penny Obama has had to spend since then was also Bush's .
As usual , Republicans run up the credit card , and it's left to Democrats to pay it off .
And , you should know , my responses to Damail have nothing to do with " partisan " anything .
So if you want to hand him his ass , feel free .
But you need n't use moral equivalence to make your point .
Because there is none here .
And , of course , I believe you know that .
If you do n't , you do now .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/28/2009 @ 2:41 pm PT ...
Obama voted for that bailout and encouraged all in opposition to it to do the same .
Damail is complaining about the stimulus package and the shit Obama has been doing , and has not been doing , that exacerbates the cost of the original bailout .
Obama is becoming more obviously only less honest --- less transparent --- about his perfidies than that piece of shit * in cowboy boots who went before him .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/28/2009 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
Yes , I know what Damail is complaining about .
And I know what he's * not* complaining about ( eg. Bush 's $ 700 billion bailout which " conservatives " did n't raise much of a stink about , even as it paled in comparison to what came before it , that they also did n't give a damn about ) .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/28/2009 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
Friedman , every word that I said was true , and you know it was true .
Meanwhile : " Every penny Obama has had to spend since then was also Bush's ... " - Absolute , bald - faced stinking lie .
Ca n't say I 'm surprised .
And there was nothing phony or joke - worthy about the tea party protests .
Hundreds of thousands of people came out nation - wide on April 15th .
For conservative - based protests , that turnout is simply unprecedented .
Yes , true conservatives - that includes me - will continue to speak out and expose the lunacy , the hypocrisy and the insanity that blogs like these belch forth continuosly
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/28/2009 @ 10:59 pm PT ...
As I figured .
You would n't answer the questions .
You were nowhere to be found protesting during the Bush years because you 're a phony conservative .
I 'm quite sure you actually voted for him in ' 04 as well , despite his extraordinary record of non-conservatism which was offensive to real conservatives and those who believe in values such as fiscal restraint , Rule of Law , defense of the U.S. Constitution , federalism and all the rest that the * real * conservatives around here have been fighting for for years .
Glad you 're here .
Hopefully you 'll learn something .
It 'll be a shame if all you learn , however , is to continue fooling yourself .
You wo n't be fooling many folks here in the meantime , I promise ya .
But good luck trying .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/29/2009 @ 12:14 pm PT ...
Boxee is extending its media center access to Windows and will shortly change its " alpha " status to " beta " .
The open source media site has also announced four major new app partnerships that will be available to everyone downloading its software .
While Boxee has been available for Linux computers and Macs , it was only possible to get it for Windows as an invite - only alpha .
Despite this it has gained enthusiastic following for its support of almost any major file type and Internet apps .
Boxee has promised to keep the three platforms in sync as the service undergoes updates and upgrades .
With around 120 apps in the Boxee App Box , users can now chose from the likes of MLB.tv , Current , Digg , and Tumblr .
Among the new partnerships announced at its App Developer Challenge in San Francisco , the Major League Baseball one is the most interesting .
The MLB arrangement marks Boxee ’s first live streaming deal .
MLB.tv Premium subs can now stream games through Boxee ’s system in full HD from anywhere in the country on their TV .
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka , July 10 ( UPI ) --
The weekly death toll at the Manik Farm prison camp in Sri Lanka holding Tamil refugees averages 1,400 , international aid officials said .
The average toll adds to international concerns that the Sri Lankan government has n't ended humanitarian issues since announcing victory over Tamil Tiger militants in May , The Times of London reported Friday .
Advertisement
" There are allegations that the government is attempting to change the ethnic balance of the area , " said Mangala Samaraweera , an opposition member of parliament and the country 's former foreign minister .
" Influential people close to the government have argued for such a solution . "
The Manik Farm was meant to house the largest number of the 300,000 mainly Tamil civilians forced to flee the northeast area as army forces mounted an offensive against the Tigers , fighting to establish an ethnic Tamil homeland for 26 years .
Aid workers and the British government warned that conditions at the site are inadequate , the Times said .
Senior relief workers said the majority of the deaths resulted from water - borne diseases , particularly diarrhea .
News of the death rate came as the International Red Cross said Sri Lankan authorities asked the organization to scale back its operations , the British newspaper said .
Mahinda Samarasinghe , Sri Lanka 's minister of disaster management and human rights , said a different set of challenges exist now .
" Manning entry and exit points and handling dead bodies , transport of patients , in the post - conflict era are no longer needed , " Samarasinghe said .
City Government
Tort Claim Filed By Tasered Man
Attorneys for Gerald Amidon , the man arrested by Boise coppers February 14 , has filed a tort claim with the city of Boise claiming use of excessive force during the arrest is causing him physical injuries and mental anguish .
Amidon names Boise police officers Cory Bammert , Deidra Harr , Guy McKean and Mark Abercrombi as the ones who used excessive force during his arrest .
The tort claim is a precursor to the actual civil suit and is required under Idaho law when suing a city .
Previous GUARDIAN coverage can be seen HERE and HERE .
Help share the Guardian : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Print
Related
Noted thespian Nicolas
Cage has n’t been setting the box office on fire recently , but his son Weston might be picking up the family slack .
Weston Cage , or “ Arcane , ” is the singer of Eyes of Noctum , a black metal band currently on an east coast / southeast tour .
While the music black / goth tunes on the band ’s Myspace page , taken from their album Inceptum , sound decent , it ’s likely due to the contributors .
The album was recorded by Fredrik Nordstrom and features Hellhammer ( Mayhem , Satyricon , Dimmu Borgir ) and Snowy Shaw ( King Diamond ) .
Shaw played all the drums on the album , and according to an interview with SickDrummer , does n’t sound particularly psyched about the band ’s former drummer .
Fredrik and I are great friends , and occasionally I do sessions for him or in his studio .
Most recently was last summer for a band I think is called Eyes of Noctum with Hollywood actor Nicolas Cage ’s son as the leader / singer .
Fredrik just called me one night , asking me to attend in the studio as some sort of coach for this poor young LA drummer who simply could n’t get it down , so after having wasted several days , Fredrik as the producer just had to take charge of the procedure and get things moving .
I got there the next morning thinking I ’d be coaching the guy , then understand they expect me to do ghost drumming , then the next day I ’d be listed as the drummer .
I ’m a very quick learner , and although I do n’t consider myself a very good black metal drummer ( since I hit the drums very very hard , playing that ultra fast gets tricky ) , but I did my best to please them with all their wishes and requests , and I nailed it all in a few days time , and everybody was happy .
Nicolas
Cage has n’t plugged his son’s band a ton , probably because he has his own plugs going on .
The band ’s dates are as follows :
Jul 17 2009
The [ email protected ]
Hall New York , New York
Jul 18 2009 The Sterling Hotel Allentown , Pennsylvania
Jul 19 2009 El ’ N’ Gee New London , Connecticut
Jul 20 2009 Europa Brooklyn , New York
Jul 22 2009 Sonar Baltimore , Maryland
Jul 24 2009 Zeropack Live Winchester , Virginia
Jul 25 2009 Nara Sushi Richmond , Virginia
Jul 27 2009 One Eyed Jacks New Orleans , Louisiana
Jul 31 2009 The Meridian Houston , Texas
via [ brooklynvegan ]
The sun can be beautiful in many ways , but in this picture it is captured in the most scary way you can imagine .
It really looks like the devil ’s horn are hiding behind the clouds , and it ’s ironic that there ’s a church in the foreground .
Then again it is all just an optical illusion .
We all love to read about coincidences – and for that reason we have previously published two lists : Top 15 Amazing Coincidences , and Another 10 Amazing Coincidences .
Now for your reading pleasure we are happy to announce our third list of amazing coincidences .
Enjoy the list and be sure to relate any of your own experiences in the comments .
10 The Golden Matchbox
In the 1890s , the Prince of Wales gave a gift of a golden matchbox to a friend and fellow fox hunter Edward Southern .
On a hunt one day , Southern fell from his horse and the matchbox broke from the chain and was lost .
Southern had a duplicate made which he left to his son , Sam , upon his death .
While traveling in Australia , Sam gave the matchbox to a friend : Mr Labertouche .
When he returned to England , Sam discovered that a farmer had found the original matchbox ( twenty years after it was lost ) when he was ploughing in his field .
Sam wrote to his brother who was traveling in America to tell him the good news .
His brother read the letter aloud to his traveling companion on the train .
By a stroke of bizarre luck , his friend was carrying the duplicate matchbox which had been given to him by Mr Labertouche .
9 Lightning Shock
The chances of being struck by lightning are very slim ; the chances of being struck by lightning twice ( on different days ) is seemingly impossible ; so what are the odds of being struck by lightning seven times ?
With our world record holder , Roy Sullivan , the events happened as follows :
1942 – Sullivan was hit for the first time when he was in a lookout tower .
The lightning bolt struck him in a leg and he lost a nail on his big toe .
1969 – The second bolt hit him in his truck when he was driving on a mountain road .
It knocked him unconscious and burned his eyebrows .
1970 – The third strike burned his left shoulder while in his front yard .
1972 – The next hit happened in a ranger station .
The strike set his hair on fire .
After that , he began to carry a pitcher of water with him .
1973 – A lightning bolt hit Sullivan on the head , blasted him out of his car , and again set his hair on fire .
1974 – Sullivan was struck by the sixth bolt in a campground , injuring his ankle .
1977 – The seventh and final lightning bolt hit him when he was fishing .
Sullivan was hospitalized for burns in his chest and stomach .
His “ lightning hats ” are on display in New York ’s and South Carolina ’ s Guinness World Exhibit Hall .
8 Rail Crossing
In 1991 , Cristina Vernoni , aged 19 , was killed at an unguarded railway crossing in Reggio Emilia , Northern Italy .
Four years later , her 57 year old father was driving to work on his regular route which took him over the same railway crossing when his car was struck by a train .
It was dragged for several dozen yards before the train finally stopped .
Even more coincidentally , the driver of the train , Domenico Serafino , was the very same driver who had killed Vernoni ’s daughter four years earlier .
Investigators said that the death was entirely accidental – ruling out suicide .
7 Menacing Coincidence
In 1951 in the month of March , Dennis the Menace was born … twice .
With only three days apart ( but an identical debut day ) , both Hank Ketcham ( US ) and David Law ( UK ) created their first comics containing a character with an identical name .
The two men were unaware of each others cartoons but when the coincidence was made known to them , they agreed to simply both continue writing their strips without interfering with the other .
Even more coincidental was the fact that both Dennis the Menace characters wore striped jerseys ( as is evident in the comparison picture above ) .
6 Mr Robertson …
On October 15 , 1952 , Robert Paterson tried to board an Amtrak train from Phoenix to Los Angeles .
The conductor told him that Robert Paterson was already onboard .
After a quick check , they discovered that both men had tickets .
The men were similar height , weight and appearance .
On the way to LA , the train made an emergency stop in Barstow to pick up another passenger : Robert Paterson .
The third Mr. Paterson was also similar in appearance to the first two .
The train now had three men with the same name and appearance , all headed for LA .
Once they train arrived in Los Angeles , the three Robert Patersons disembarked and went their separate ways .
The baggage was unloaded and the train was prepared for the return trip to Phoenix .
As the new passengers were boarding , the conductor could n’t believe his eyes when he saw a familiar name on the passenger list : a fourth Robert Paterson .
[ Source ]
5 The Spy Next Door
When Norman Mailer began his novel Barbary Shore , there was no plan to have a Russian spy as a character .
As he worked on it , he introduced a Russian spy in the U.S. as a minor character .
As the work progressed , the spy became the dominant character in the novel .
After the novel was completed , the U.S. Immigration Service arrested a man who lived just one floor above Mailer in the same apartment building .
He was Colonel Rudolf Abel , alleged to be the top Russian spy working in the U.S. at that time .
4 D-Day Invasion
Solutions to the popular crossword puzzle in the Daily Telegraph gave a nasty headache to security officers who were responsible for guarding the secrets of the planned invasion of Europe by the allies in June 1944 .
Members of MI5 , Britain ’s counter - espionage service who used to wile away their spare moments in this pastime , noticed that some of the clues appeared to give away vital code names invented to cloak the mightiest seaborne attack of all time .
The answer to the clue ‘ one of the U.S. ’ turned out to be , for instance , UTAH , and another , OMAHA – beaches on which the American armies were to land .
Another answer was MULBERRY , the floating harbors that would accommodate and supply ships .
NEPTUNE was the naval support .
Most suspicious of all , there was a clue about ’ some big - wig ’ which produced the answer OVERLORD , the codeword invented to describe the entire operation .
MI5 was in a flap .
Was the Telegraph crossword being used to tip off the Germans ?
Two officers were sent to Leatherhead , in Surrey , to find out .
There they interviewed the compiler of the puzzles , Leonard Dawe , a 54 - year old teacher .
Why , they demanded , had he chosen those five words for his solutions ?
Why not ?
replied Dawe , somewhat indignant .
Was there any law against choosing whatever words he liked ?
Dawe ’s patient honesty convinced MI5 that he had no knowledge of the coming D - Day invasion strategy .
His crossword solutions were just another of life ’s astonishing coincidences .
[ Source ]
3 Louis XVI Bad Luck
When King Louis XVI of France was a child , he was warned by an astrologer to always be on his guard on the 21st day of each month .
Louis ws so terrified by this that he never did business on this day .
Unfortunately Louis was not always on his guard .
On June 21st 1791 , following the French revolution , Louis and his queen were arrested in Varennes , whist trying to escape France .
On September 21st 1791 , France abolished the institution of Royalty and proclaimed itself a republic .
Finally on January 21st 1793 , King Louis XVI was executed by guillotine .
2 Lincoln Booth Coincidence
In an interesting coincidence , Edwin Booth saved Abraham Lincoln ’s son , Robert , from serious injury or even death .
The incident occurred on a train platform in Jersey City , New Jersey .
The exact date of the incident is uncertain , but it is believed to have taken place in late 1864 or early 1865 , shortly before Edwin ’s brother , John Wilkes Booth , assassinated President Lincoln .
Robert Lincoln recalled the incident in a 1909 letter to Richard Watson Gilder , editor of The Century Magazine .
“ The incident occurred while a group of passengers were late at night purchasing their sleeping car places from the conductor who stood on the station platform at the entrance of the car .
The platform was about the height of the car floor , and there was of course a narrow space between the platform and the car body .
There was some crowding , and I happened to be pressed by it against the car body while waiting my turn .
In this situation the train began to move , and by the motion I was twisted off my feet , and had dropped somewhat , with feet downward , into the open space , and was personally helpless , when my coat collar was vigorously seized and I was quickly pulled up and out to a secure footing on the platform .
Upon turning to thank my rescuer I saw it was Edwin Booth , whose face was of course well known to me , and I expressed my gratitude to him , and in doing so , called him by name . ”
Booth did not know the identity of the man whose life he had saved until some months later , when he received a letter from a friend , Colonel Adam Badeau , who was an officer on the staff of General Ulysses S. Grant .
Badeau had heard the story from Robert Lincoln , who had since joined the Union Army and was also serving on Grant ’s staff .
In the letter , Badeau gave his compliments to Booth for the heroic deed .
The fact that he had saved the life of Abraham Lincoln ’s son was said to have been of some comfort to Edwin Booth following his brother ’s assassination of the president .
[ Source ]
1 Titanic Coincidence
In 1898 Morgan Robertson released ‘ Futility , or the Wreck of the Titan ’ .
A floating palace sailed from Southampton , England in April , 1898 on a voyage across the Atlantic .
She was the biggest and most luxurious liner ever built .
The liner was meant to be unsinkable .
She was destined for America .
But the ship never reached her destination , her hull was ripped open by an iceberg and she sank causing a heavy loss of life as there was n’t enough lifeboats for the passengers ( 24 lifeboats for 3000 passengers ) .
The ship was called Titan .
In 1912 , a large luxury liner that was built to be unsinkable sailed from Southampton , England to America .
She was on her maiden voyage across the Atlantic .
The ship struck an iceberg which ripped apart the hull , and the ship sank .
There were only 24 lifeboats for the entire ship ( about 2200 people ) , and many people died .
This ship was called the Titanic .
[ Source ]
Prostitutes in New Zealand are not forced to walk the streets
An Olympic hopeful from New Zealand has opened a brothel in a bid to raise cash for a tilt at taekwondo glory in 2012 .
Logan Campbell , 23 , competed at Beijing in 2008 , but has now opened a 14 - room " gentleman 's club " after becoming tired of seeking funding from his parents .
New Zealand decriminalised prostitution six years ago , and brothels are allowed to operate with few restrictions .
But NZ Olympic officials say Campbell 's business venture may count against him when choosing a team for London 2012 .
" Selection takes into account not just performance but also the athlete 's ability to serve as an example to the youth of the country , " Team NZ funding manager John Schofield told the country 's Sunday Star Times newspaper .
Training schedule Logan Campbell says he began looking for alternative ways of raising Olympic funding when he realised how difficult it was proving to raise adequate cash to support his training towards a place at the London Olympics .
Mum was hesitant but she met the girls , a couple came over to her house and she was sweet as
Logan Campbell Competing in Beijing a year ago , Campbell lost to a Taiwanese fighter , Sung Yu - Chi , who eventually won a bronze medal .
Speaking to the Sunday Star Times , Campbell noted that his opponent was the equivalent of a " movie star " in his homeland .
His own costs leading up to Beijing totalled some NZ $ 150,000 ( £ 58,000 ) , much of it provided by his hard - working parents , Campbell noted .
To take the financial strain from his parents Campbell has gone into partnership with Hugo Philiips , a 20 - year - old accountancy graduate , to set up what the pair insist is a " high - class " escort agency .
He hopes to take a couple of years off to work full - time on the new venture , before returning to training in 2011 with a NZ $ 300,000 Olympic kitty .
NZ PROSTITUTION REFORM ACT
Brothels allowed to operate
Up to four prostitutes can set up collective as equal partners Advertising sale of sex legalised Brothels require certificate and registration by court Sex work subject to normal employment and health and safety standards " When people think of a pimp they think of a guy standing around on a street corner with gold chains , " he told the Sunday Star Times .
" Pimps are more tough - type guys .
I 'm an owner of an escort agency . "
He accepts that his chosen profession carries with it a certain reputation .
" Mum was hesitant but she met the girls , a couple came over to her house and she was sweet as .
She realised they were just normal people supporting their kids and stuff . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a woman is hypnotised into believing she 's had surgery :
Yes , the power of the mind can heal your body
We often take the link between our mind and body for granted , yet in truth it is one of the least understood phenomena in the whole of science .
Take the strange case of Marion Corns .
Last week , it was reported that Mrs Corns , who is from Merseyside , allowed herself to be hypnotised after becoming obese .
Only make believe : Marion before and after the hypnotherapy in which she was led to believe she had been fitted with a gastric band
After trying the usual diets and exercise regimes with no success , she travelled to a clinic in Spain where she was put into an altered state of consciousness and then ' talked through ' , in step - by - step detail , the procedure for a drastic weight - loss operation .
Mrs Corns did not actually go under the knife .
But under hypnosis she was told she had been fitted with a gastric band - a device which constricts the stomach , dramatically reducing the amount that can be eaten .
Although she was fully aware that no band had been fitted , something in her brain seemed to believe otherwise , and she lost four stone - exactly the sort of weight loss that could be expected if a band had been fitted .
So what on earth is going on ?
Can the mind be fooled to such an extent that it can ' fake ' the effects of a major surgical procedure ?
And , if so , could it provide
the path to a whole new kind of medicine - one in which pills and scalpels can be replaced by the power of mental suggestion ?
The strange case of Mrs Corns certainly looks like a clear victory for those who claim that ' alternative ' treatments , into which category hypnosis is often lumped , are often as effective , or better , than conventional Western medicine .
But can this really be the case ?
For a long time , hypnotism has been dismissed by many as stageshow trickery .
Yet what is often forgotten is that at the dawn of modern medicine , the technique promised a tremendous - and real - breakthrough as a form of anaesthesia .
Look into my eyes : Hypnotism led to the sort of weight loss that Marion Corns would have experienced if she had had a gastric band
Scottish doctor James Braid coined the term ' hypnotism ' in 1841 after studying relaxation and meditation techniques used in Oriental medicine and Eastern religious practice .
At the same time , another Scot , Dr James Esdaile , was performing ' miracles ' in India using techniques akin to hypnotism to calm his patients during surgical procedures .
A physician employed by the East India Company , Dr Esdaile used the technique to perform , painlessly , hundreds of operations , including the removal of tumours , amputations and even emergency castrations .
This was a time when even simple operations were akin to torture and patients who did not die of septicemia stood a good chance of succumbing to shock .
Post - operative survival rates were usually less than 50 per cent .
But , thanks to Esdaile 's ability to relax patients and put them into hypnotic trances , his success rates were closer to 80 per cent for some operations .
The world stood on the brink of a new era of pain - free surgery .
But the 1840s was also the time when the first chemical anaesthetics were being pioneered .
And the success of conventional drugs such as chloroform and ether made sure the quirkier technique of hypnotism was consigned to the footnotes of medical history .
Today , hypnotism is undergoing something of a revival .
It has become a respectable treatment for some forms of mental illness , including anxiety and depression .
Hypnotists have helped thousands of people lose weight and stop smoking , as well as helping to relieve the pain of cancer , wounds and burns .
There is some clinical evidence that hypnosis can be used to treat seemingly ' physical ' conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and the skin condition psoriasis .
Hypnotherapy :
There is some clinical evidence that the treatment can work with certain conditions
Hypnotism does n't work for everyone .
But , then again , neither do many drugs .
You do n't have to be hypnotised for your mind to play tricks on your body .
Another well - known phenomenon of the mind 's curious control over matter is the placebo effect .
This is where a patient is told they are undergoing a treatment , when , in fact , the treatment is a sham .
For example , instead of taking an active painkiller , they may be given tablets containing only chalk .
What is so extraordinary about the placebo effect is how powerful it is .
Significant numbers of people in severe pain reported immediate relief when given fake analgesics .
In experiments , people become ' drunk ' on placebo ( non-alcoholic ) drinks and jittery on placebo ( decaffeinated ) coffee .
In one study , patients who'd had a tooth extracted and were in pain had salt water squirted into their mouths , being told it was a powerful anaesthetic .
The effect was found to be as potent as a sizeable dose of morphine .
Placebos do not work for everyone - and the effect is non-existent in the very young and the senile - but they do demonstrate that the mind has an extraordinary capacity to control physical symptoms .
But if the placebo is bizarre , the ' nocebo ' effect , is downright sinister .
Dubbed ' placebo's evil twin ' , the nocebo effect happens when negative expectations produce harmful , real - life effects .
In one extraordinary example from the Seventies , an American patient was diagnosed with cancer and given just months to live .
He duly died in the allotted time frame - but the autopsy revealed the doctors had made a mistake : there was no cancer .
According to Clifton Meader , a doctor from Tennessee who has studied the nocebo effect : ' He did n't die from cancer , but from believing he was dying of cancer ' .
The nocebo effect explains the extraordinary power of occult or voodoo medicine .
Witch doctors in the American Deep South and the Caribbean use voodoo ' magic ' to put curses on people and convince them they will die .
To the astonishment of medical science , they often do .
And voodoo is not limited to the forests of Haiti .
Many patients who suffer harmful side - effects from treatments such as chemotherapy may do so only because they have been told to expect them .
Equally , surgeons are often , quite rightly , wary of operating on people who think they will die - because they so often do .
Even being told you are in a ' high - risk ' group for a certain cancer , heart disease or stroke seems to increase your chances of getting these conditions .
So what are we to make of all this ?
Does this show that modern medicine is a sham and we need to go back to the drawing board when it comes to our understanding of the human body ?
First , we must recognise that the term ' alternative medicine ' is misleading .
There is medicine which works - and medicine which does not .
And if hypnotism and placebos ' work ' , then these effects must be part of medicine .
And as for homeopathy , crystal healing and the rest , these ' therapies ' are undoubtedly shams , insofar as trial after trial has failed to show they cure anything .
But that 's not to say they cannot work .
This is not a paradox : once again , the mind can control the body .
If you are feeling ill , a visit to your GP will often result in a short , bad - tempered consultation and a prescription .
Visit a homeopath and you will be faced with a kindly person , happy to listen to your woes .
Given that it is possible to persuade someone , through the power of suggestion , to lose four stone - or that the imminent removal of their leg or testicle will not hurt - is it really so surprising that sometimes even a homeopath can make the worried - well happier ?
The mind can , indeed , perform miracles .
The short , tragic life of Alycia Augusta Mesiti - Allen ended at the hands of her father , prosecutors say .
Mark Edward Mesiti was charged last week with killing and molesting the 14 - year - old girl in Ceres , a town outside Modesto , less than a year after a Santa Clara County judge put her in Mesiti ’s custody .
Mesiti , 41 , is in custody in Los Angeles on separate charges of running a meth lab and endangering his current girlfriend ’s 12 - year - old daughter .
But once that case is prosecuted , Mesiti will be arrested on a $ 2 million warrant and brought to Stanislaus County to face charges in the death of his daughter , Stanislaus officials say .
In addition to murder , Mesiti has been charged with lewd and lascivious acts with a child under 14 , penetration by a foreign object , and giving the victim drugs or alcohol to prevent resistance during those acts .
“ Sending her to live with Mark was a death sentence , ” said the girl ’s aunt , Roberta Fitzpatrick of San Jose .
“ It was just a travesty . ”
When a family court in Santa Clara County granted Mesiti custody in 2005 , Alycia had bounced from home to home among relatives after her mother , Roberta Allen , had been declared an unfit parent .
And despite repeated reports of improper parenting — failure to enroll Alycia and her brother in school , not allowing the children to speak with their mother and allowing Alycia and her brother to go hungry — the girl was allowed to remain with Mesiti .
The girls ’ court - appointed lawyer had recommended only a supervised , temporary placement with Mesiti , who has a long criminal history .
When Alycia disappeared in 2006 , her father claimed she had run away , and that he heard from her by phone from time to time .
Roberta Allen was n’t buying it and told the Mercury News she tried many times to get police in Ceres , where Mesiti lived , to investigate with no luck .
After a longtime detective on the case retired , police reinterviewed principals in the case and launched a murder investigation .
In March of this year , cadaver - sniffing dogs found Alycia ’s body buried in the yard of Mesiti ’s former home in the Central Valley .
Mesiti faces life in prison if convicted , said Stanislaus County Assistant District Attorney Carol Shipley .
Los Angeles authorities “ will finish their case first and we ’ll get it after that , ” she said .
Shipley said Alycia was killed on Aug. 16 , 2006 , and molested the previous year , from April 1 through Sept. 30 , 2005 .
On June 2 , Mesiti was charged with killing his daughter .
Alycia “ never got to enjoy anything , ” her aunt said .
“ My greatest hope is that this sheds light on the way they ’ve done things ( in court ) and that they will make changes . ”
Contact Linda Goldston at lgoldston@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5862 .
It began with the advice of a federal judge in 1949 .
If you ’re not going to follow United States law and register for the draft , he told the group of Alabaman Quaker farmers before him , “ get out of this country and stay out . ”
So they did .
In 1951 , along with several dozen family members and fellow Friends , they sold what they had in the States and flew down to a remote mountaintop in Costa Rica .
Only a few years before , the country had abolished its military , so there was no threat of conscription .
They did n’t know the language or how to farm in a tropical climate .
The early years were n’t easy , and the community splintered several times ; some moved to Canada , and others became Seventh - day Adventists .
But when longtime peace activist John Trostle came to visit their town of Monteverde in 1962 , he tells me , “ I thought I ’d discovered Shangri - La . ”
There was a school , a cheese factory , and an arts scene on the verge of flourishing .
By 1974 , he and his wife Sue moved to the community themselves .
The Quakers inadvertently gave rise to an ecotourism mecca .
From the beginning , they set aside a large portion of rainforest in order to protect their watershed from pollution — a purely practical decision for a town of farmers .
But a few decades later , as biologists learned of it and came to study wildlife living there , the community took up the cause of conservation .
Wolf Guindon , one of the original settlers who had spent time in federal prison for resisting the draft , led the charge to build their watershed into the Monteverde Cloud Forest Preserve , which keeps a sizeable chunk of Costa Rican rainforest in perpetuity for visitors and researchers .
Meanwhile , their school has brought up generations of local Costa Rican children with perfect English and a knack for North American sensibilities .
By the mid-’80s , tourists followed on the heels of the biologists , and a hospitality industry exploded .
Today , backpacker hostels and luxury restorts line the road that the Quakers once had to navigate by oxcart .
The original settlers are ambivalent about the endless stream of visitors , which brings jobs to their neighborhood but disturbs its quiet .
The Monteverde Quakers ’ quiet is one solution to the problem of militarism .
They did n’t come to be beacons of anything , and they shy away from attention .
“ The people who started this community do n’t think of themselves as something special , ” Sue Trostle explains .
Most of their free time gets consumed by the endless supply of committee work that Quaker community life demands .
But their children do n’t have to fear a draft , and not one colon of their taxes goes to pay for an army .
They ’ve built the cheese factory into a collective owned by the local dairy farmers who supply it .
Martha Moss , who moved down with the Trostles , brought the Alternatives to Violence Project to Costa Rican prisons .
The school does n’t proselytize Quakerism among its students , but it teaches peace .
Militarism florishes now more than ever in the United States .
They could n’t prevent that .
But they showed that they could build a life apart from it and flourish .
Marcy Lawton is a biologist who studies birds .
She began coming to Monteverde in 1974 as a graduate student at the University of Chicago to do her research , and now she owns a home there with her husband .
They ’re members of the Quaker Meeting .
Her work focuses on brown jays , which are famous for their remarkable acts of altruism — ” Quaker birds , ” she calls them .
Most of the time , her jays are peaceful , community - oriented , and remarkably generous with each other .
But after years of observation , she began to notice wrinkles in their behavior .
When birds grow up without enough apprenticeship from their elders , they behave differently .
They hoard , fight , and even commit infanticide .
The more years a bird spends in a nourishing community , she has learned , the more a brown jay ’s behavior comes to resemble generous , mysterious love .
RUGBY
There 's no bad blood between the respective coaching staffs of the Wallabies and All Blacks , despite disagreements further up the food chain More ...
BUSINESS
Nationwide property values are showing signs of growth again More ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Oh , the faded awesomeness of 1979 , the year that Mother Jones ran a 12 - page feature on America ’s “ psychic renaissance , ” that string bikinis were in style , and that the California Parks and Recreation Department relaxed its policy on public nudity .
It ’s the 30th anniversary of 1979 this year–a year that this writer turned three–and California has a message for you folks who are still livin ’ it : Hippie , put your clothes on .
Yesterday , a state appeals court ruled that California parks officials can prohibit nudity on any state beach .
The state ’s laissez faire nudity policy had been challenged last year when Parks Director Ruth Coleman imposed a booty ban at Southern California ’s popular Onofre beach .
Now of course , Onofre bathers will be using a little less suntan lotion .
Is the nudity fight a last gasp of California ’s hippie heyday ?
Public perceptions of naked bathers probably have n’t changed much since the late ’ 70s , but Gen Xers with kids might not be keen to share the beach with a bunch of proudly shriveled senior citizens .
Still , the ruling does n’t apply to land owned by the National Park Service , which has preserved the freedom to bare it all .
As the poet Emma Lazarous might say : Give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses of hairy naked dudes , yearning to breathe free .
. .
Above : Vintage Mojo cover .
How sexy are these folks now ?
Patriot Act vs. German Enabling Act : The Decrees of 1933
from Furniture for the People , May 25 , 2005
( Posted here by Wes Penre , May 27 , 2005 )
1 ) How the Patriot Act Compares to Hitler 's Ermächtigungsgesetz ( Enabling Act )
On March 23 , 1933 , the newly elected members of the Reichstag met in the Kroll Opera House in Berlin to consider passing Hitler 's " Ermächtigungsgesetz " .
The " Enabling Act " was officially called the ' Law for Removing the Distress of the People and the Reich . '
Opponents to the bill argued that if it was passed , it would end democracy in Germany and establish a legal dictatorship of Adolf Hitler .
To soften resistance to the passing of the Enabling Act , the Nazis secretly caused confusion in order to create an atmosphere in which the law seem necessary to restore order .
On February 27 , 1933 , Nazis burned the Reichstag building , and a seat of the German government , causing frenzy and outrage .
They successfully blamed the fire on the Communists , and claimed it marked the beginning of a widespread terrorism and unrest threatening the safety of the German " Homeland . "
On the day of the vote , Nazi storm troopers gathered around the opera house chanting , " Full powers - or else !
We want the bill - or fire and murder ! "
The Nazis used the opportunity to arrest 4,000 communists .
Not only did the Nazis use the incident as a propaganda against communists but they also arrested additional 40,000 members of the opposition .
Consequently , the Nazis had achieved their objective of eliminating democracy and ensuring their majority in the parliament .
After the fire on February 28 , 1933 , president Hindenburg and Hitler invoked Article 48 of the Weimar Constitution , which permitted the suspension of civil liberties during national emergencies .
Some examples of this Decree of the Reich President for the Protection of the People and State abrogated the following constitutional protections : Freedom of the press , free expression of opinion , individual property rights , right of assembly and association , right to privacy of postal and electronic communications , states ´ rights of self - government , and protection against unlawful searches and seizures .
Before the vote , Hitler made a speech to the Reichstag in which he pledged to use restraint .
He also promised to end unemployment and promote multilateral peace with France , Great Britain and the Soviet Union .
In order to accomplish all this , Hitler said , he first needed the Enabling Act .
Since this act would alter the German constitution , a two - thirds majority was necessary .
Hitler needed 31 non-Nazi votes to pass it .
The Center Party provided these votes after Hitler made a false promise to them .
Four hundred and forty votes were registered for the Enabling Act , while a mere 84 votes were opposed – the social Democrats .
In glory the Nazi Party stood to their feet and sang the Nazi anthem , the Hörst Wessel song .
The German Democratic party had finally been eliminated , and Hitler ’s dream for Nazi command became closer to reality .
T he Enabling Act granted Hitler the power he craved and could use without objection from the Reichstag .
Shortly after the passing of The Enabling Act all other political parties were dissolved .
Trade unions were liquidated and opposition clergy were arrested .
The Nazi party had , as Hitler said , become the state .
By August 1934 , Hitler became commander - in - chief of the armed forces .
This was in addition to being President and Führer of the German Reich , to whom every individual in the armed forces pledged unconditional obedience .
The Reichstag was no longer a place for debate , but rather a cheering squad in favor of whatever Hitler might say .
2 ) A 21st Century Comparison of The Enabling Act and The Patriot Act
Last September , German Justice Minister Herta Daeubler - Gmelin pointed out that George Bush is using Iraq to distract the American public from his failed domestic policies .
She capped her statement by reminding her audience : " That 's a popular method .
Even Hitler did that . "
What was lost in the reactions to Ms. Daeubler - Gmelin 's comments was that she was n't comparing Bush to the Hitler of the late 1930s and early 1940s ; but to the Hitler of the late 1920s and early 1930s .
Most Americans have forgotten that Hitler came to power legally .
He and the Nazi Party were elected democratically in a time of great national turmoil and crisis .
They themselves had done much to cause the turmoil , of course , but that 's what makes the Bush comparison so compelling .
Similar to the Bush administration , the Nazis were funded and ultimately ushered into power by wealthy industrialists looking for government favors in the form of tax breaks , big subsidies , and laws to weaken the rights of workers .
When the Reichstag ( Germany 's Parliament building ) was set ablaze in 1933 ( probably by Nazis ) , the Nazis framed their political rivals for it .
In the general panic that followed , the German Parliament was purged of all left - wing representatives who might be soft on communists and foreigners , and the few who remained then VOTED to grant Chancellor Hitler dictatorial powers .
A long , hideous nightmare had begun .
History teaches us that it is shockingly easy to separate reasonable and intelligent people from their rights .
A legally elected leader and party can easily manipulate national events to whip up fear , crucify scapegoats , gag dissenters , and convince the masses that their liberties must be suspended ( temporarily , of course ) in the name of restoring order .
Consider the following two statements , and see if you can identify the authors .
Statement Number One : " The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders .
That is easy .
All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger .
It works the same way in any country . "
Statement Number
Two : " To those who scare peace - loving people with phantoms of lost liberty , my message is this :
Your tactics only aid terrorists , for they erode our national unity and diminish our resolve . "
The first statement is a quote from Hitler 's right hand man , Hermann Goering , explaining at his war crimes trial how easily he and his fellow Nazis hijacked Germany 's democratic government .
The second statement is a quote from Bush 's right hand man , John Ashcroft , defending the Patriot Act and explaining why dissent will no longer be tolerated in the age of terrorism .
If that does n't send chills down your spine , nothing will .
When the shooting started at Lexington Green in 1775 , those calling themselves patriots were the men and women who refused to yield their rights to an increasingly oppressive government .
Today , according to John Ashcroft and his Patriot Act of 2001 , a patriot is someone who kneels down in fear , and hands over his or her rights to the government in the name of fighting terrorism .
Is n't the hypocrisy of this all too obvious ?
The Bush administration wants us to fight in Afghanistan , to fight in Iraq , and to fight wherever terrorists may be hiding .
And what , pray tell , are we fighting for ?
Well , according to the White House , we 're fighting for freedom .
Yet freedom is exactly what the White House is demanding that we now SURRENDER in the name of fighting terrorism .
So what 's really going on ?
Well , it 's all a lie , of course .
The Bush administration is n't any more interested in protecting our freedom from terrorists than Hitler was in protecting Germans from communists , Jews , and all the other groups he scapegoated .
The Bush administration is fighting only to protect itself and its corporate sponsors .
It hides behind a veil of national security and behind non -stop war headlines of its own creation .
And behind that smokescreen , Bush , Inc. is pursuing Hitler ’s old agenda from the 1920s and 1930s : serving the interests of the corporate industrialists who brought it to power .
There is a name for governments that serve the interests of Big Business at the expense of their own citizens : fascist .
Here 's a short list of the rights we 've already surrendered since the September 11 attacks .
Most of these abuses are from a single piece of legislation called the Patriot Act of 2001 , which was rushed through Congress with no debate in the aftermath of the attacks .
Many of the Congressmen who voted for it later admitted that they had n't even read it at the time .
3 ) Ten Key Dangers of The Patriot Act That Every American Should Know
No .
1 : The government can conduct " sneak and peek " searches in which agents enter your home or business and search your belongings without informing you until long after .
No .
2 : Government agents can force libraries and bookstores to hand over the titles of books that you1ve purchased or borrowed and can demand the identity of anyone who has purchased or borrowed certain books .
The government can also prosecute libraries and bookstores for informing you that the search occurred or even for informing you that an inquiry was made .
According to ACLU staff attorney Jameel Jaffer , such " searches could extend to doctors offices , banks and other institutions which , like libraries , were previously off - limits under the law . "
Chris Finan , President of the American Booksellers group adds : " The refusal of the Justice Department to tell Congress how many times it has used its powers is even more unsettling because it naturally leads to the suspicion that it is using them a lot . "
No .
3 : Federal agents are authorized to use hidden devices to trace the telephone calls or emails of people who are not even suspected of a crime .
The FBI is also permitted to use its Magic Lantern technology to monitor everything you do on your computer -- recording not just the websites you visit but EVERY SINGLE KEYSTROKE as well .
No .
4 : Government agents are permitted to arrest and detain individuals " suspected " of terrorist activities and to hold them INDEFINITELY , WITHOUT CHARGE , and WITHOUT an ATTORNEY .
( That could be you or me for sending or receiving this Email , by the way )
No .
5 : Federal agents are permitted to conduct full investigations of American citizens and permanent legal residents simply because they have participated in activities protected by the First Amendment , such as writing a letter to the editor or attending a peaceful rally .
No .
6 : Law enforcement agents are permitted to listen in on discussions between prisoners and their attorneys , thus denying them their Constitutional right to confidential legal counsel .
No .
7 : Terrorism suspects may be tried in secret military tribunals where defendants have no right to a public trial , no right to trial by jury , no right to confront the evidence , and no right to appeal to an independent court .
In short , the Constitution does not apply .
No .
8 : The CIA is granted authority to spy on American citizens , a power that has previously been denied to this international espionage organization .
No .
9 : In addition to the Patriot Act , the Bush administration has given us Operations TIPS , a government program that encourages citizens to spy on each other and to report their neighbors activities to the authorities .
It 's EXACTLY the kind of thing for which we used to fault East Germany and the Soviet Union , and for which we currently fault Red China and North Korea .
Fortunately , Operation TIPS ( or AmeriSnitch , as it's known to its many detractors ) seems to have been recalled to the factory -- at least for now .
( Incidentally , in a clever variation of " two - can - play - at - that - game ” , Brad Templeton has set up a website at http://www.all-the-other-names-were-taken.com/tipstips.html
where you can report people you suspect of being informants for Operation TIPS .
It 's an interesting and amusing site , well worth a look . )
No .
10 : In the wake of Operation TIPS came something even worse : Total Information Awareness .
TIA is a program of the Defense Department that when fully operational will link commercial and government databases so that the DOD can immediately put its finger on any piece of information about you that it wants .
New York Times columnist William Safire writes : " Every purchase you make with a credit card , every magazine subscription you buy and medical prescription you fill , every Web site you visit and e-mail you send or receive , every academic grade you receive , every bank deposit you make , every trip you book and every event you attend all these transactions and communications will go into what the Defense Department describes as a virtual , centralized grand database . "
And that 's not all .
Who did our president appoint to head the TIA ?
Who gets to be Big Brother himself ?
Why it 's none other than John Poindexter , a man convicted in 1990 on five counts of lying to Congress , destroying official documents , and obstructing congressional inquiries into the Iran - contra affair .
Another Hermann Goering , if there ever was one .
4 ) BILL MOYERS ' NOW COMMENTS ON THE PATRIOT ACT
At the same time the Bush administration is probing into your private life , it is shielding itself from all public scrutiny .
It has shredded the Freedom of Information Act ; it has locked away presidential records not only of the current administration but of administrations going all the way back to Reagan as well ; and it has even locked up George W. Bush 's gubernatorial records so that the people of Texas can't see what he did to them while serving as their governor .
Not surprisingly , the Bush administration is also using anti-terror legislation and executive orders to protect its corporate sponsors from scrutiny and from prosecution .
The drug company Eli Lilly , for instance , was recently granted immunity from all cases brought against it - –even those initiated long before the war on terrorism -- related to a vaccine it manufactured that turned out to cause autism in many children .
( Eli Lilly contributed over $ 3 million in the last two election campaigns . )
The Bush administration also protected the Bayer Corporation1s patent on the antibiotic Cipro throughout the anthrax scare , whereas other countries , such as Canada , broke that patent so that other companies could make cheaper versions of the drug in case of emergency .
It is interesting to note that during WWII Bayer was part of the I.G. Farben conglomerate , the top financial contributor to the Nazi Party .
I.G. Farben produced petrol and rubber for the Nazi war machine and it manufactured the Zyklon B gas that was used to exterminate millions of Jews and other " enemies of the state . "
In exchange for these services , the Nazis provided Farben ( and Bayer ) with lucrative government contracts and with slave labor from concentration camps .
Under George W. Bush 's kinder , gentler fascism , U.S. corporations are now allowed to do business with the Homeland Security Department even if they cheat the government out of vast amounts of tax revenues by setting up offshore business fronts in the Caribbean Islands .
It used to be that tax - evaders were tracked down and punished .
Now they 're rewarded with fat government contracts .
Could the slave labor be far behind ?
If only this were the extent of the Bush administration 's ramble down the road to fascism .
Way back in November of 2001 , William Safire accused the Bush administration of " seizing dictatorial power . "
Well , Mr. Safire , you ai n't seen nothing yet .
Just when you thought it could n't get any worse , just when you thought we can't lose any more of our liberties and still call ourselves a " free society , " we learn that the Bush administration wants to take away even more of our rights .
A secret document was just leaked out of John Ashcroft 's Justice Department and turned over to the Center for Public Integrity .
Titled the Domestic Security Enhancement
Act of 2003 , this document turns out to be a draft of new anti-terrorism legislation , a vastly more muscular sequel to Patriot Act .
If passed , it would grant the executive branch sweeping new powers of domestic surveillance , and it would eliminate most of the few remaining checks and balances that protect us from tyranny .
It 's the Patriot Act on steroids .
Charles Lewis of the Center for Public Integrity shared this document with Bill Moyers , who examined it on NOW , his weekly PBS program .
That episode aired Friday , February 7 , yet even now no mainstream news broadcaster has picked up this incredible story .
Read the NOW transcript and see the document itself online at http://www.pbs.org/now/.
You can also read the Center for Public Integrity 's analysis of the document at http://www.publicintegrity.org/.
Dr. David Cole , a Law professor at Georgetown University and author of Terrorism and the Constitution assessed the document , saying , " I think this is a quite radical proposal .
It authorizes secret arrests .
It would give the Attorney General essentially unchecked authority to deport anyone who he thought was a danger to our economic interests .
It would strip citizenship from people for lawful political associations . "
" Secret arrests ” ?
Did we hear that right ?
It seems that the Homeland Security Department ( HSD ) is about to become the KGB .
The first Patriot Act already allows for people to be locked up indefinitely without a lawyer and without being charged with a crime .
If Patriot Act II passes , then arrests would also be secret .
That means that dissenters ( or anyone else , for that matter ) could disappear without a trace , just as they did in Nazi Germany , in Stalinist Russia , and in Pinochet 's Chile .
Patriot Act II would also grant even more immunity to Big Business .
A corporation could pour toxins into your local river , for instance , and you would n't know about it until all the fish died and your neighbor ’s kids were born with missing limbs .
And then when you went to court and demanded to know what the company was dumping in your river , the company could deny you that information on the grounds that it 's a national security secret .
Jim Hightower put it this way : " All a company has to do to shield anything it wants to keep from the public eye - - say , an embarrassing chemical spill -- is give the documents to the Homeland Security Department and call them " critical infrastructure information . "
Ah , but there 's even more to be concerned about here .
The document was created back in early January , but so far it appears that the only members of Congress who even know of its existence are House Speaker Dennis Hastert and Vice - president Dick Cheney .
( The Vice - president presides over the Senate , which makes him a member of the legislative branch as well as the executive branch . )
This raises a troubling question :
Why has the White House been sitting on this bill for a month ?
If the CEOs down at Bush , Inc. really believe that they need these broad new powers to protect us from terrorists , why not roll out that bill and start the debate ?
The answer is all too plain .
In all likelihood , the Bush administration was planning to avoid debate entirely by springing this bill on the American people in the midst of a perceived national crisis .
Perhaps during the war with Iraq , for instance .
Or perhaps in the aftermath of the next terrorist attack .
Or perhaps right after the Reichstag fire .
Had some courageous soul not leaked this document out of the Justice Department , the White House might easily have succeeded in passing it through Congress without debate in the midst of our next perceived national crisis , much as it did with the first Patriot Act in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks .
A thorough debate of this bill right now , under fairly stable circumstances , would defuse it and prevent its passage even under more frightening circumstances later on .
There 's just one problem .
The debate can't begin until more Americans know about this bill , but so far the Washington Post is the only major news outlet to even MENTION this story since Bill Moyers broke it on Friday night .
Here 's what you can do to help
First , forward this email to everyone you know .
Second , send an email to the Center for Public Integrity and to the producers of NOW thanking them for breaking this story .
Here 's a sample message that you can use or modify :
I am writing to express my heartfelt thanks and admiration to the Center for Public Integrity , to Bill Moyers , to the producers of NOW , and especially to the brave unnamed patriot who valued the Bill of Rights over his or her own personal well - being and , at great personal risk , leaked a draft of the Domestic Security Enhancement Act of 2003 out of the Justice Department .
Sincerely , ( Your name , city , and state . )
Center for Public Integity : mailto:feedback@publicintegrity.org .
NOW with Bill Moyers : now@thirteen.org
click here to read :
5 ) THE USA PATRIOT ACT
A Legal Analysis by Charles Doyle
Senior Specialist , American Law Division
published online as a PDA document
Platinum Trophy ( Platinum ) –
Act like a mobster , think like a Don .
– Earn all other trophies to unlock the Platinum .
Enforcer ( Bronze ) – Complete 10 execution styles .
– See Executions In Style .
Executions
In Style ( Gold ) – Complete all execution styles .
– Below is a list of all executions that must be performed to unlock this trophy .
Environment
High Fall :
Throw a victim over a high ledge .
Low Fall :
Throw a victim through a ground window .
Table Slam : Slam a victim to a table or counter .
Wall Slam : Slam a victim into a wall .
Road Rage : Run over a victim .
Weapon
Headshot : Self explanatory .
Kneecap : Aim for the knee .
Disarm : Aim for shoulder ( left or right does n’t matter ) .
Pistol Standing : Weaken a goon and press R3 with the pistol equipped .
Pistol kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee , press R3 with the pistol equipped .
Shotgun Standing : Weaken a goon and press R3 with the shotgun equipped .
Shotgun kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee , press R3 with the shotgun equipped .
Magnum Standing : Weaken a goon and press R3 with the magnum equipped .
Magnum kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee , press R3 with the magnum equipped .
Machine Gun Standing : Weaken a goon and press R3 with the mgun equipped .
Machine Gun kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee , press R3 with the mgun equipped .
Rifle Standing : Weaken a goon and press R3 with the rifle equipped .
Rifle kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee , press R3 with the rifle equipped .
Explosives :
Throw dynamite at a goon .
Hand to Hand
Garrote :
Get the garrote wire weapon and strangle the person when equiped .
Strangle : Grab a goon and press R3 and L3 both at the same time until hes dead .
Punch : Kill a goon by punching him to death .
Grabbed : Grab a goon and hit him until it says to press R3 .
Neck Snap : Sneak up behind a goon , have the Garrot equipped and grab a goon , then turn your controller to the right ( 180 * ) .
Bare hand Kneeling : Shoot a goon in the knee , then press R3 when in front of him .
Melee / Objects :
Nightstick : Standing : Weaken a goon then press R3 to execute with the nightstick equipped .
Nightstick kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee then press R3 to execute with the nightstick equipped .
Bottle :
Take a bottle found in a compound or shop controlled by a rival gang , then trow the bottle to kill him .
Press Triangle to pick up .
Melee :
Take a weapon and kill a goon by repeatedly hitting him .
Bat standing : Press R3 with the bat equipped in front of a weakened goon .
Bat Kneeling : Shoot a goon in the knee , then press R3 with the bat equipped .
Tire Iron : Weaken a goon then press R3 to execute with the Tire Iron equipped .
Tire Iron kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee then press R3 to execute with the tire iron equipped .
Pool Cue : Weaken a goon then press R3 to execute with the Pool Cue equipped .
Pool Cue kneeling :
Shoot a goon in the knee then press R3 to execute with the Pool Cue equipped .
Contract Killer ( Bronze ) – Eliminate 5 made men with the appropriate kill condition .
– To earn the kill condition and location of a made man you have to do a favor for someone .
The people that you have to do the favor for have key icons above their heads .
The favors range from burglaries , sabotage , murder , bombing a business , and beating someone up .
You have to complete the kill condition or the made man will not die .
Three Crime Rings ( Bronze ) – Control three crime rings .
– See Organized Crime .
Five Crime Rings ( Bronze ) – Control five crime rings .
– See Organized Crime .
Shakedown ( Silver ) – Control all extortable businesses .
– All the businesses that are n’t in a crime ring are businesses that you can take over to launder money .
There are a handful in each city with a total of 9 .
They ’ll be marked by a cash register icon over them in the Don ’s View .
When you complete the game you will control all businesses automatically .
Organized Crime ( Gold ) – Control all crime rings .
– Certain businesses are linked together to form a crime ring .
The crime rings are drugs , gun running , adult entertainment , gambling , diamond smuggling , chop shops , prostitution , construction , and arms smuggling .
Each crime ring has a different icon each business in the ring in the Don ’s View .
There are nine total .
When you control a crime ring you will unlock certain abilities for your family .
Taking control of all the crime rings over all three cities earns you this .
There are nine crime rings in total .
When you complete the game you will control all crime rings automatically .
Lockpicker ( Bronze ) – Crack five safes .
– See Safecracker .
Safecracker ( Gold ) – Crack all safes .
– Each business , the New York Federal building , each bank , the Florida airport , and each compound has a safe somewhere inside .
You ’ll need to have a Safecracker with you to be able to break into them .
You can do these after the story is completed , and you wo n’t have any interference from the other families while you ’re trying to break into them .
MobFace ( Bronze ) – Create a mobster using MobFace .
– Story Related .
Will unlock when you create your character .
Let Me Upgrade You ( Bronze ) – Upgrade one of your made men ’s skills or weapons .
– Buy one upgrade for any of your made men to unlock this trophy .
Torch The Joint ( Bronze ) – Send your men to bomb a venue from the Don ’s View .
– Open the Don ’s View , select a rival family business , then select ‘ Bomb ’ .
You must send a Demolitions specialty for this .
Pulling The Strings ( Bronze ) – Send your men to attack a venue from the Don ’s View .
– Open the Don ’s View , select a rival family business , then select ‘ Send Men to Attack ’ .
You may send any made men for this .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Vendetta ( Bronze ) – Eliminate three rival families .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Ambush ( Bronze ) – Eliminate four rival families .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
It ’s Not Personal ( Silver ) – Eliminate a rival family by successfully bombing their compound .
– First you must unlock the rival family ’s compound by either eliminating their made men or taking over all of their businesses .
Once you unlock the compound , you must make your way to the building ’s weak spot with a made man who has the Demolition skill .
Once there , set the bomb and escape the building within the 20 - 30 seconds allowed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Last Famlily Standing ( Silver ) – Eliminate all five rival families .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
It ’s Only Business ( Gold ) – Eliminate Hyman Roth .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Double Crossed ( Bronze ) – Eliminate two rival families .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
Gun Smuggler ( Bronze ) – Find a level 2 firearm upgrade .
– See Welcome To The Gun Show .
Modified Firepower ( Bronze ) – Find a level 3 firearm upgrade .
– See Welcome To The Gun Show .
Bank Job ( Bronze ) – Heist your first bank .
– See Bag Man .
Bag Man ( Silver ) – Heist each bank once .
– There are 4 banks in the game .
Rob each bank once to unlock this trophy .
750 Sleeping With The Fishes ( Silver ) – Kill 750 mobsters .
– Kill 750 mobsters with any weapon to unlock this trophy .
Should easily be attained before the finish of the game .
Do not complete the game if you do not have this trophy yet .
100 Whacked ( Bronze ) – Kill 100 mobsters .
– See 750 Sleeping With The Fishes .
250 Iced ( Bronze ) – Kill 250 mobsters .
– See 750 Sleeping With The Fishes .
25 Massacred ( Bronze ) – Kill 25 mobsters .
– See 750 Sleeping With The Fishes .
BlackHand Brutality ( Bronze ) – Kill 25 mobsters only using BlackHand attacks .
– Beat down 25 mobsters with you bare hands to unlock this trophy .
500 Empty Suits ( Bronze ) – Kill 500 Mobsters .
– See 750 Sleeping With The Fishes .
Full Of Lead ( Bronze ) – Kill 150 mobsters only using firearms .
– Kill 150 mobsters with any firearm in the game to unlock this trophy .
This Thing Of Ours ( Silver ) – Recruit a full family tree .
– This is story related .
Once you recruit the full family tree , this trophy will unlock .
Fortified Venue ( Bronze ) – Max out all guards at a venue .
– Hire the maximum amount of guards at any business that you have taken over .
You can take the number of guards back down to minimize funds afterward .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
Paying Tribute ( Bronze ) – Unlock all safehouses .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
Right Hand Man ( Bronze ) – Promote one of your made men to Capo .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
Second In Command ( Bronze ) – Promote one of your men to Underboss .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
First Crime Ring ( Silver ) – Control one crime ring .
– See Organized Crime .
Getting Made ( Bronze ) – Recruit your first soldier .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
The Counselor ( Bronze ) – Accept Tom Hagen as your Consigliere .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
[ Hidden ]
Highlight below to view .
CIA ?
DOA ( Bronze ) – Kill Henry Mitchell .
– Story based trophy .
Cannot be missed .
Accept This As A Gift ( Silver ) – Earn one of each favor .
– In each of the three cities , there are corrupt officials that you can do favors for .
Doing these favors will give you a favor that you can use anytime you want .
There are 12 corrupt officials in all – three in New York , six in Florida , and three in Cuba .
Welcome To The Gun Show ( Silver ) – Collect all level 2 and level 3 firearm upgrades .
– Below is a list of the guns and their locations to unlock this trophy .
Pistols
Level 2 – Silenced Pistol – Florida , found during a mission when you need to rescue one of Roth ’s soldiers .
Level 3 – Delta M1911 – Florida , Mangano ’s Compound on the second floor .
Magnums
Level 2 – .44 Magnum Force – New York , Carmine Rosato ’s Compound on the second floor .
Level 3 – .501 Magnum Enforcer – Cuba , outside of the lighthouse that is next to the Battaglia Quarry Chop Shop .
Shotguns
Level 2 – Sawed - off – New York , Corleone ’s Compound , left of the main gate behind some bushes .
Burn the bushes with an Arsonist .
Level 3 – Schofield Semi-Auto – Florida , Global Storage Chop Shop .
Machine Guns
Level 2 – MP38 – Florida , Granados Compound , second floor .
Level 3 – Modified AK - 47 – Cuba , Battaglia Masonry , take the ladder in the office ( on the left side , behind the desk , from where you enter the room ) and go down into the tunnel .
Sniper Rifles
This undated handout picture received from the Wildlife Conservation Society shows a " bald " bird newly discovered in Laos ' Savannakhet province .
The bird is Asia 's first new species of bulbul -- a type of songbird -- in more than 100 years , the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) said Thursday .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
An odd songbird with a bald head living in a rugged region in Laos has been discovered by scientists from the Wildlife Conservation Society and University of Melbourne , as part of a project funded and managed by the mining company MMG ( Minerals and Metals Group ) that operates the Sepon copper and gold project in the region .
Dubbed the " Bare - faced Bulbul " because of the lack of feathers on its face and part of its head , it is the only example of a bald songbird in mainland Asia according to scientists .
It is the first new species of bulbul - a family of about 130 species - described in Asia in over 100 years .
A description of the new species is published in the July issue of the Oriental Bird Club 's journal Forktail .
Authors include Iain Woxvold of the University of Melbourne , along with Wildlife Conservation Society researchers Will Duckworth and Rob Timmins .
" It 's always exciting to discover a new species , but this one is especially unique because it is the only bald songbird in Asia , " said Colin Poole , director of Asia programs for the Wildlife Conservation Society .
" The discovery also underscores how much there is still to learn from wild places around the world . "
" I am proud to report that news of this remarkable ornithological discovery , like that of the Calayan Rail in 2004 , was made public through the pages of the Oriental Bird Club 's scientific journal Forktail , " commented Brian Sykes , Chairman of OBC .
The thrush - sized bird is greenish - olive with a light - colored breast , a distinctive featherless , pink face with bluish skin around the eye extending to the bill and a narrow line of hair - like feathers down the centre of the crown .
The bird seems to be primarily tree - dwelling and was found in an area of sparse forest on rugged limestone karsts - a little - visited habitat known for unusual wildlife discoveries .
" Its apparent restriction to rather inhospitable habitat helps to explain why such an extraordinary bird with conspicuous habits and a distinctive call has remained unnoticed for so long , " said Iain Woxvold of the University of Melbourne .
Fortunately much of the bird 's presumed habitat falls within legally protected areas in Laos .
However , quarrying of limestone looms as a potential threat to wildlife in this area , along with habitat conversion for agriculture .
In 2002 in this same area , Rob Timmins of WCS described the kha - nyou , a newly discovered species of rodent so unusual it represented the lone surviving member of an otherwise extinct genus .
Three years earlier he described a unique striped rabbit in the region also new to science .
The full paper describing the Bald - faced Bulbul :
An unusual new bulbul ( Passeriformes : Pycnonotidae ) from the Limestone karst of Lao PDR by I. A. Woxvold , J. W. Duckworth and R. J. Timmins is available upon request .
Source : Wildlife Conservation Society ( news : web )
Explore further Laos said to harbor many new frog species
I have been assisting private owners with buying and selling exotics through my brokerage service since 2004 when I departed from Lamborghini franchised dealer .
I have known about JamesEdition for many years , although I continued to use the old sources of advertising .
I recently started advertising with JamesEdition , and I have just sold a low mileage Fayence Yellow CGT and also a very special Lexus LFA Nurburgring for a couple good clients .
Brian Albertson , Exotic Car Search , Billings , MO
Excellent customer service Fernando , Portugal
Best cars around with high quality pics and legit info !
James , United States
Truly the best of the best when it comes to the Luxury Marketplace .
Also an amazing platform to market all things luxury .
Chris Mitchel , Bluegrass Sotheby 's International Realty , Lexington , KY
I have been a fanatic of this site since it was called JamesList .
It ’s like craigslist meets offerup for the wealthy .
Excellent place to find the unique gift for a loved one .
It ’s where I found a rare 1960 Silver Cloud .
That car that I spend nearly half of my life to find in pristine condition .
Mike , United States
We joined JamesEdition as it provides us with an opportunity to present our bespoke classic car craftsmanship to an internationally targeted market of luxury purchasers .
The platform has created that link on a global scale , all while maintaining the key message of our brand - something that is extremely important to our business .
Shawn Eastman , Hemmels , Cardiff , UK
High quality pictures , all the information you need , and a number to contact in case of interest .
Also a very user - friendly and easy site to navigate .
Antonio , Brazil
JamesEdition offers access to a premium target demographic and maximizes exposure for our high - end listings .
Since our initial interactions with the platform , our advisors have experienced immense success , both locally and abroad , effectively raising the profile of our business and expanding our core client base .
Christa Huffstickler , Engel & Völkers Atlanta , GA
Excellent listings and very user friendly , both for mobile and desktop Hans , Germany
We advertise with JamesEdition as it offers an unparalleled reach into international markets for our exotic cars .
We have some of the rarest vehicles in the world and the JamesEdition platform has proven to be incredibly effective for us .
James Huntley , SuperVettura , London , UK
We as a seller of Luxury - , Sports - , and Hypercars , wanted to increase our network of potential clients and partners .
Since we joined JamesEdition we experienced a massive amount of potential and reputable buyers .
JamesEdition is a must have platform for Business owners who want to sell and buy luxury goods .
Konstantin Hollmann , Hollmann , Stuhr , Germany
Marketplace platforms have a huge potential in terms of multicultural and qualified buyer reach .
We opted into the JamesEdition platform , and presently it ’s one of our leading partners in the luxury field .
Angel Belanche , Andorra Sotheby 's International Realty
Been on the website for at least 7 - 8 years and I love it !
Henry , United Kingdom
I love the ease of searching amazing properties from around the world Tom , United States
The only site in the world where you should be marketing and selling your luxury products .
JamesEdition is the Rolls Royce of selling websites and should be treated that way .
Nathaniel , Canada
The big news this week is that The Pirate Bay is in the process of being sold off to a new , possibly public , company .
At first there was a hell of a lot of confusion about what was going on till Torrent Freak appeared to clear up some of the mess .
But what does this mean for file sharing ( both illegal and otherwise ) and what exactly is going to happen to the site ?
The water is still muddy but as we climb down from the excitement several things are becoming clear : most of all that this might simply be a not - all - that - clever - really dodge by the Bayers .
Disclaimer TPB is incredibly mysterious in their operations .
The group have always insisted this is for legal rather than nefarious reasons : and probably that is true .
But the result is that any information is pretty much limited to what they tell the public - often containing much that could well be misdirection , sarcasm and outright untruth's .
The summary is - I have interpreted things as much as I can , but only a few people know the truth for sure .
And it seems their not telling .
To really understand what is going on we need to get a few things straight about the site in it 's current ( pre-sale ) form .
The first item to get clear is that the founders currently do not own the site .
It was signed over in 2006 to an unknown party :
( from Torrentfreak )
Peter explained that he and the original owners of TPB disposed of the site in 2006 .
He refused to name who took the site but referred to a single owner in one of his responses , using the word â€œheâ€ .
The insinuation seems to be that there is a single owner - via some kind of holding company ( corroborating that is next to impossible , but krs a co-founder of the site elaborated ) .
( via HN , sorry no original link ) [ update : original source via a comment ]
To clarify a bit ..
TPB has been owned by a company for the last years since the raid so nothing there will really change except the names of the owners .
Whilst the Brokep and his companions certainly seem to continue to administer the site they have a lot less involvement now than previously .
The second thing is that The Pirate Bay can be sub divided into several different services .
Firstly they run a tracker which is a core part of the BitTorrent protocol allowing people to find peers more easily .
Secondly they run a torrent hosting service ( and arguably the search feature and the hosting are separate ) from which you can download the torrent meta package .
This is an important distinction because uploaded torrents do n't have to contain TPB tracker .
Finally ; revenue .
This is always a risky subject with The Pirate Bay .
They have claimed for years it is too dangerous to release financials and other " important " data .
At their recent trial the co-founders were accused of taking huge cuts of ad generated revenue .
This is a bit hard to believe considering point number one above ( that none of those accused appears to be the actual current owner of the site ) .
On the other hand it is also hard to believe that a site in the top 100 in the world and which serves adverts on every search page doesnt make a substantial amount .
And how much of that is spent on hardware , resources and security ?
At the end of the day I suspect the real profit is n't as big as has been suggested and that none of it actually makes it 's way into the pockets of the founders .
But when they wont release any details it 's kind of hard to take their side ( I 've said this before ) .
The Sale
Ok , back to the present and the announcement of the " sale " .
At first it appeared everything had changed hands already ( several places reported it this way ) .
Â
Slowly it became clear that this was n't true and eventually Brokep confirmed that there is some kind of agreement and GGF have 4 weeks to find the cash .
Looking back it appears the story was broken early ; the hurriedly written blog post on TPB hinted it was a leak :
News reached the press today in Sweden - The Pirate Bay might ...
It later emerged ( via Torrentfreak ) the sale is in the agreement stage and the current owners are waiting on GGF to find the money .
The suggestion has been that the firm dont actually have any capital in hand yet , with Peter Sunde talking about unknown " backers " .
Â GGF 's site indicates the takeover is scheduled for August this year .
In actual fact the sale seems fairly simple ( though we 'll discuss where the money is going at a later stage ) the complex part is what 's going to happen now .
To dig into that we need to take a look at the other parties involved .
Global Gaming Factory
GGF is in some respects a bit of a mystery .
They are owners of both SmartLaunch and CyberCafe Pro ; popular ( so it appears ) Cyber Cafe software .
This is where it gets interesting , because both of these products are subsidiaries of GGF .
It 's a common business practice where a public " holding company " ( the term used in a loose sense here ) wholly owns private subsidiaries with products to sell .
That it 's 2 current known subsidiaries sell Cyber Cafe products could be telling .
It 's clear GGF is a shell holding company rather than an actual " make it to sell " venture , indeed a comment posted over on Digg pretty much proves this :
Global Gaming Factory X AB ( Ltd , Co. ) never registered for " F - skatt " , which is a basic permit needed for companies in Sweden to operate under corporate tax laws instead of private laws .
Not having this permit usually means that it's a company 1 ) run under a mother company or 2 ) that is n't active
I 'm sure GGF could have other owners - but it looks unlikely when you peek at their figures .
It looks simply like a holding company used to manage a set of products under one umbrella .
The quote , though , could prove important in another respect : I am not an expert on Swedish law so I have no idea if being subject to private law leaves them less open to legal action .
I 'm assuming , seeing as the company has been around for a little while , the non-filing has other reasons .
But it may also prove useful in the future ( if anyone is an expert in Swedish legal stuff please do drop me a line ) .
Given their previous form for buying out companies it is unclear whether this is the approach GGF are taking with TPB .
Are they going to become the whole owners of the company currently in charge of the bay ?
It 's something of a toss up I think .
On one hand it would fit GGF's " MO " and would probably be the easiest approach for them .
On the other ( and again , I am not sure of the legal requirements here ) such a buyout would almost certainly require some form of documentation - potentially exposing the mysterious " current owner " .
Just to confuse things even more there has been suggestions ( from TPB crew themselves ) that said owner is an overseas company .
This could complicate a simple buy out .
GGF itself is marketed asÂ " The New World 's Media Channel " .
What that means becomes more clear on their " About Us " page :
Global Gaming Factory X AB uses Smartlaunch and CyberCafePro's installed base of cafe management software at thousands of internet cafes and gaming centers around the world for digital distribution of advertising , software and services to the large groups of tourists at Internet cafes and and the gamer community at gaming venues .
The company uses state - of - the - art technology to reach its target groups with high precision .
I have to confess I have looked very little into their 2 cyber cafe products but the inference here is they are using them as a content distribution platform and , crucially , targeted advertising .
This , I believe , is going to be the key to unlocking the mystery .
There is one more important thing to note regarding the company .
Indeed in my eyes it is the most important point - purely because it has been overlooked by many .
At the same time as it's acquisition of TPB , GGF also announced the takeover of Peeralism :
( from the GGF press release )
and the technology company Peerialism , that has developed next generation file - sharing technology .
The Peeralism website is very vague though it refers several times to next generation P2P technology and , specifically , p2p overlay networks .
As Peer2 Peer is essentially an overlay network anyway it is unclear whether their product is a new P2P protocol or something built on top of existing protocols .
From digging around I think it is the latter ; they talk extensively about using P2P for serving video content and " IP traffic " .
Indeed it appears Peeralism did have a working video project called PeerTV .
I say did because according to their site it was sold off to a Swedish ISP earlier last month .
It looks like PeerTV is a set - top box based system that delivers internet TV channels , apparently using P2P .
I cant quite get my head around how that works - but it does sound pretty cool .
Peeralism appear to have 2 remaining important technologies .
Firstly PeerNet which they claim is about network traffic optimisation .
In more depth it appears it is a proposal to allow the ISP to use it 's userbase as a P2P network for popular content .
Secondly there is Net Topology .
All the information that exists relating to it is as follows :
Net Topology : A P2P component to help construct a locality aware overlay network .
Intriguingly this seems to be either corporate hot air - or a potentially useful product for a P2P provider .
In my eyes Peeralism are exhibiting the classic signs of a company in trouble .
Selling off your leading product smacks of dwindling funds .
And then a buy out just weeks later seals the deal for me .
Peeralism was , it seems , falling apart and GGF have nabbed it in the process .
The Whole Picture ?
We seem , perhaps , to have all of the pieces in play now :
The Pirate Bay - Long time torrent search engine , host and tracker .
GGF - public company with history of acquisitions which currently owns 2 pieces of popular Cyber Cafe software
Peeralism - a P2P development company .
Perhaps with a new protocol , certainly interested in video distribution
But before we can really get down to the meat of it there is one more ( or to be precise 2 more ) piece to consider .
Unfortunately this is the most mysterious and where we really start to head into a bit of guesswork .
It all started here :
Pirate Bayâ€™s Peter Sunde has informed TorrentFreak that the site will soon decentralize and stop running a BitTorrent tracker of its own .
Instead they will encourage their users to use a yet to be launched third party tracker for their torrents .
To decentralize even further , the torrents that will be listed on the site wont be hosted on The Pirate Bayâ€™s servers anymore .
In the near future the site will use a new torrent hosting service that will store the torrents for them .
This new hosting service will be open to other torrent sites as well and can be accessed through an API .
That was a big shock to some people but in a way is understandable .
The takeover is scheduled for August and I assume that GGF wont want any illegal content on the site when they take control - simply because a week later 100 DCMA 's would be on their door mat .
What is more interesting is simply the admission of these 2 new services .
In essence it appeared The Pirate Bay ( who 's tracker is currently estimated to serve half of all BitTorrent users ) would have it 's heart ripped out .
However it was n't long before GGF themselves answered these worries ( from their CTO via TF ) :
â€ œWe had discussed closing it down initially so I think thatâ€™s why he said so .
The plan is to use technology from Peerialism that makes bandwidth utilization more efficient and then it would not make sense to shut it down , â€  he said , adding .
â€ œPeerialism will modify the tracker but it will be backwards compatible .
But all this is subject to change if for some reason it would not work .
It is our ambition to do so.â€ 
The issue is this : there is no way GGF will want to risk hosting or tracking illegal content - so all of it will , one assumes , be removed .
Also crucially his final comments ( above ) suggest the actual tracker is somewhat immaterial to GGF 's plans ( more on that in a sec ) .
TBP crew have since said there are plans to create a new tracker and host service as originally described .
This lends weight to the idea they are ditching the Pirate Bay and attempting to shift the services sideways into 2 separate sites .
Certainly if the bay tracker disappeared for good it would be a huge blow to the torrent community - if nothing else for the scale of it's use .
Irrespective of this it now appears we do have everything on the table , lets take a look at what it all could mean .
Analysis : GGF
The first consideration is probably GGF and their plans for The Pirate Bay .
Certainly from their many admissions and press releases it is clear they do have some kind of master plan .
Their seemingly off hand consideration of the bay 's tracker and hosting network is telling : it is becoming clear that it is the traffic they want the most .
Keeping the tracker would certainly keep some elements of the user base happy and so would be a " good thing " , but if that doesnt work out they dont seem too bothered .
Interestingly Peter Sunde admitted this directly to TF :
Peter said that TPB have been approached by companies before to sell out , but they didnâ€™t understand the value of TPB .
He said the value of the site is to be found in the userbase and nothing else .
He added that if a company is interested in buying that userbase they have to keep up spirits or they will find themselves owning something that rapidly decreases in value .
This admission is critical .
It is clear both TPB and GGF have come to this deal to buy / sell the users and the traffic .
Clearly TPB understand the site will lose a lot of it 's current content .
So what are GGF 's specific plans ?
Interestingly the BBC managed to get the most clear information from them direct .
Some key excerpts :
GGF 's Hans Pandeya said that the only way to beat illegal file - sharing was to make something more attractive .
" We are going to set up a system where the file - sharer actually makes money , " he said .
The Pirate Bay would [ continue ] to be a file - sharing site .
The only difference - at least in terms of content - would be that the files would be hosted legally , rather than stolen from copyright holders .
So at face value it seems simple ( kill the illegal content ) but the money making scheme is a bit more intriguing , and this is where we start to pick at GGF 's " master plan " .
The acquisition of Peeralism seems very definitely targeted on their " content sharing " ideas .
Getting users to serve content from their PC's ( via P2P ) and receive some reward for it .
I suspect the rewards will be tiny ( rather like Ad- sense for example ) but enough to attract people into the scheme .
Indeed as the whole point of P2P is to share files anyway users could well fell they are getting paid for something they already do .
The question is what kind of content GGF have their eye on ?
Again from the BBC report :
" We can then use this massive network of file - sharers to help [ internet service providers ] reduce overload .
" Let 's say a popular song comes out .
Rather than a million downloads from a site - which would cause a considerable strain on that ISP - we can take that song and put it out on P2P .
Their model appears to be this : set up a massive CDN using P2P technology and millions of users .
Then convince media companies to distribute content via this method .
I assume the idea would be for each person to pay for ( say ) a song , torrent it and then seed it via the network ( akin to Napster 's model in the past ) .
Crucially however they seem to be suggesting those who seed the material for other licensed purchasers to download will get some kind of payback .
Logically speaking this has to be less than the cost of the song ( otherwise it 's a loss maker ) .
Or perhaps it builds up as credit against new purchases ( this seems a safer method ) who knows .
Actually all of the issues aside this idea appeals to me .
I like the model , I like the incentives .
The problem is going to be convincing rights holders ( though GGF claims some are already interested ) .
Considering the negativity attached to torrenting AND ( especially )
The Pirate Bay it could prove a challenge ; even though Napster eventually made it TPB are leaps and bounds more notorious then it ever was .
As a final twist we have GGF 's existing Cyber Cafe products to consider .
GGF specifically refer to them in a way which suggests targeted advertising and content distribution .
Will they be looking to launch a games platform akin to Steam on the back of Peeralism and TPB ?
That is pure speculation but I am sure it has crossed their minds .
If nothing else the advertising part is intriguing .
If GGF are paying both the distributors / users and the rights holders quite where their revenue would come from is ambiguous .
Perhaps an advertising model is their solution ( though arguably Spotify are beginning to prove this does n't always work ) .
Whatever their intentions GGF seems to be heavily committed to the vision .
In a way I wish them luck - it is a bold strategy .
Analysis : The Bayers
Next up are the TPB crew .
They are looking at a cool $ 7.8 million dollars to play with so one assumes their plans are equally big .
Whilst many of TPB users are calling them sell outs they are overlooking a couple of crucial points .
The first is this mysterious new service mentioned a couple of times by various representatives .
The suggestion is this is a more ambitious tracker and torrent hosting project based on their experiences with TPB .
Secondly TPB has received a lot of heat recently .
It is almost certainly beginning to lose public support in certain areas .
And with the recent court case it appears less and less secure from a legal perspective .
I suspect this move is born out of a desire to ditch the name and attempt to lose the legal vultures circling it .
If you combine those 2 revelations things start to become less murky .
Clearly having 2 separate new services ( a tracker and a host ) makes it harder to " attack " .
It 's pure complexity to the operations - decentralisation as Peter Sunde put it .
Add in the fact that the suggestion is the host will have an API to allow any number of sites to provide a torrent search portal and the Bayers master plan starts to look more solid .
With hundreds of points to find content it is harder to shut them down .
And with torrent files and the tracker as separate entities it is much harder to build a complete case .
This is crucial ; to win in future the rights holders have to link the whole shebang - from search portals , through the torrent host and on to the tracker .
If that proves impossible or extremely hard then any case could simply fall apart .
The Money
Who was it who said " follow the money " .
This time there is quite a lot of it : around $ 7.8 million .
But where is it going and for what purpose .
Certainly Brokep and the others wont be getting it ; they have denied it many times over and it is clear if they did get private payouts it would almost certainly end up with them under heavy fire from all sides .
Â
That 's not to say they wont get to see the colour of it !
Indeed it is somewhat interesting that in the same week as the sale details of an ambitious new venture , The Video Bay , surfaced .
Such an enterprise would require a substantial investment and it is very tempting to imagine much of the money will be funding it .
Indeed I 'm willing to lay my hat in the ring and say that , assuming the site has no other backers , this will be # 1 destination for the proceeds of the sale .
Also do n't forget there is this mysterious new hosting service in the wings - will some of the funding go towards that ?
It 's hard to imagine it wont .
Otherwise it could well go into lobby groups and perhaps the Pirate Party .
I 'm willing to bet after TVB and the new tracker / host this is where the cash it most likely to go .
The Conspiracies
And , finally , conspiracy time .
Given the notoriety there is going to be a host of them kicking about .
Lets have a look at some of the common ones ( and , well , debunk them ) :
GGF is an RIAA front -
There have been claims the RIAA are behind GGF and are the mysterious " backers " .
Actually the idea has merit ( although probably not in the form of the RIAA ) .
It would make sense that taking down TPB would heavily impact the torrent community both by removing a popular tracker / torrent host and ( probably more importantly ) removing one of the most vocal exponents of illegal file sharing .
But the theory does n't wholly stand up .
Firstly because GGF are an established company .
There is no real way to dispute that , prior to this purchase , they were a legit independant company .
Potentially they have been " infiltrated " or " commissioned " to perform the purchase but it seems unlikely : the plans GGF have laid out for the site seem serious .
Plus , of course , the Bayers are not thick .
The thought would have crossed their minds and even the slightest inkling would surely have put them off .
Unless of course they are in the know !
One variation on this conspiracy is that it is an elaborate out of court settlement .
The Bayers ' fines can remain unpaid and the rights holders pay them off to shut down the site .
But I seriously doubt this - there is just nothing over the whole history of the site that suggests they would sell out so simply .
On the other hand other unkown factors could come into play .
The mysterious current owner could have a lot of clout behind the scenes .
Or perhaps the Bayers hope to expose a scam at a later date .
GGF is a TPB front - GGF has been commissioned by TPB to purchase and host the site while they still work on the background .
This is highly unlikely in my eyes .
Firstly the sale seems serious and secondly GGF 's plans seem more tailored towards using the traffic than anything else .
Conclusion
Whatever happens this is big stuff for the torrent community .
What I suspect has happened is that GGF laid out their plan for the site ( as I have suggested above ) and TPB crew ( or the mysterious owner ) found it a good proposal .
Given the pressure the site is under they made a decision to sell TPB on to legitimacy and build up again in a " harder to beat " format .
IfÂ I have got GGF 's plans right then I think I approve .
It is a good model and might even work .
It could convince rights holders not only that digital distribution does work well but that Peer2 Peer is also a great medium to use .
The benefits could be wide ranging .
Or it could all flop : but then anything is a risk and this seems one worth taking .
As to the Bayers : who knows ?
What they do is often unpredictable , off the wall or crazed ; perhaps they will relaunch under a new brand , perhaps TVB is their new focus or perhaps they have other secret plans .
Whatever happens 2Â things are certain .
We will be hearing from them soon .
And we have an interesting time ahead .
[ model ] # cycle : # #
This is the quantum of time for preload .
Preload performs # data gathering and predictions every cycle .
Use an even # number .
# # Note : Setting this parameter too low will may reduce the # system performance and stability .
# # unit : seconds # default : 20 # cycle = 20 # usecorrelation : # # Whether correlation coefficient should be used in the prediction # algorithm .
There are arguments both for and against using it .
# Currently it 's believed that using it results in more accurate # prediction .
The option may be removed in the future .
# # default : true usecorrelation = true # minsize : # # Minimum sum of the length of maps of the process for # preload to consider tracking the application .
# # Note : Setting this parameter too high will make preload less # effective , while setting it too low will make it eat # quadratically more resources , as it tracks more processes .
# # unit : bytes # default : 2000000 # minsize = 2000000 # #
The following control how much memory preload is allowed to use # for preloading in each cycle .
All values are percentages and are # clamped to - 100 to 100 .
# #
The total memory preload uses for prefetching is then computed using # the following formulae : # # max ( 0 , TOTAL * memtotal + FREE * memfree ) + CHACED * memcached # where TOTAL , FREE , and CACHED are the respective values read at # runtime from / proc / meminfo .
# # memtotal : precentage of total memory # # unit : signed_integer_percent # default : - 10 # memtotal = - 10 # memfree : precentage of free memory # # unit : signed_integer_percent # default : 100 # memfree = 100 # memcached : precentage of cached memory # # unit : signed_integer_percent # default : 30 # memcached = 30 ########################################################################### [ system ] # doscan : # # Whether preload should monitor running processes and update its # model state .
Normally you do want that , that 's all preload is # about , but you may temporarily want to turn it off for various # reasons like testing and only make predictions .
Note that if # scanning is off , predictions are made based on whatever processes # have been running when preload started and the list of running # processes is not updated at all .
# # default : true doscan = true # dopredict : # # Whether preload should make prediction and prefetch anything off # the disk .
Quite like doscan , you normally want that , that 's the # other half of what preload is about , but you may temporarily want # to turn it off , to only train the model for example .
Note that # this allows you to turn scan / predict or or off on the fly , by # modifying the config file and signalling the daemon .
# # default : true dopredict = true # autosave : # # Preload will automatically save the state to disk every # autosave period .
This is only relevant if doscan is set to true .
#
Note that some janitory work on the model , like removing entries # for files that no longer exist happen at state save time .
So , # turning off autosave completely is not advised .
# # unit : seconds # default : 3600 # autosave = 3600 # mapprefix : # # A list of path prefixes that controll which mapped file are to # be considered by preload and which not .
The list items are # separated by semicolons .
Matching will be stopped as soon as # the first item is matched .
For each item , if item appears at # the beginning of the path of the file , then a match occurs , and # the file is accepted .
If on the other hand , the item has a # exclamation mark as its first character , then the rest of the # item is considered , and if a match happens , the file is rejected .
#
For example a value of !/ lib/ modules ;/ means that every file other # than those in / lib / modules should be accepted .
In this case , the # trailing item can be removed , since if no match occurs , the file is # accepted .
It 's advised to make sure / dev is rejected , since # preload does n't special - handle device files internally .
# # default : ( empty list , accept all ) mapprefix =
/usr ;/ lib ;!/ # exeprefix : # #
The syntax for this is exactly the same as for mapprefix .
The only # difference is that this is used to accept or reject binary exectuable # files instead of maps .
# # default : ( empty list , accept all ) exeprefix = !/usr/sbin;!/usr/local/sbin;/usr;!/
4 Reasons We Disagree , and What to Do About It
You ’re trying to get a new project approved , and you ’re having trouble .
Or you ’re trying to get an employee to do things your way , and the employee keeps fighting you .
Both these situations are disagreements , and the process to deal with them is similar .
Why Do We Disagree ?
Let ’s start with individual disagreements .
When two people disagree , it ’s usually for one or more of these four reasons :
Objective
What one person wants to accomplish is different than what the other person wants .
Method
They may agree on the objective , but they have differing opinions on the best way to achieve the objective .
Communication
They may agree on both the objective and the method , but they do n’t realize it .
They keep arguing , and because of miscommunication they each get the impression that the other person disagrees .
Emotion
They may agree on the objective and the method , and they may even understand that they agree on these things .
But they choose to disagree anyway ( or at least one of them does ) .
There are a lot of possible emotional reasons : everything from distrust , dislike and hate , to embarrassment , fear , peer pressure , face - saving or just a steadfast commitment to a prior position .
Group Disagreement
These same four reasons apply to individuals when they ’re in groups .
Each individual in the group has an opinion , but group dynamics influence those individual opinions and make the situation more complicated .
A group opinion is more than a simple sum of individual opinions .
Some members of the group are more vocal and tend to contribute more to the group opinion .
Some members of the group have more clout ( due to position , rank , respect , trust or just habit ) and so their individual opinions carry more weight in a group discussion .
Some members of the group are apathetic or afraid to express their opinions , and so their personal opinions go unheard and unrecognized .
How to Resolve an Individual Disagreement
1. Start with reason # 4 — emotion .
You need to understand whether or not there ’s an emotional response to you or to your issue , and figure out how to cut through the emotion and get to an objective conversation .
Sometimes this can be done by putting the emotional concern out on the table , often in a self - deprecating way that acknowledges and values the other person ’s position .
Here ’s an example : “ I know that I can sometimes come across as dictatorial and abrupt , but we both want this project to be a success .
I ’ll do my best to try and understand your point of view , and I would really appreciate it if you would try to understand my point of view .
And maybe by working together we can do what ’s best for the company . ”
The approach you take in dealing with the emotion is going to vary from situation to situation .
In some cases you wo n’t be able to deal with the emotional issue , and you ’ll have to skip this step — at least temporarily — and move on .
2. Next , work on reasons # 1 and # 3 simultaneously — objective and communication .
Go back to basics and find some basis of agreement , however small .
Maybe it ’s a part of the objective , or even the context of the objective .
The idea is to start with something you both know you can agree on , and then build from there .
This process helps communication , but here ’s something else you can do to improve communication even more :
Try to restate the other person ’s position in your own words .
Then have the other person restate your position in his / her own words .
Go back and forth on this until you can agree that you ’re both accurately representing each other ’s opinion .
Many times you ’ll discover that you ’re closer to agreement than you thought .
And if not , at least you have a better understanding of why you disagree .
3 . Build a logical case on top of the things you agree on .
You may find that you do n’t agree on objectives , and that ’s as far as you can go .
Or you may find that you disagree on objectives but that your different objectives still support the same solution or method .
For example , you may disagree on why the health care system in the United States needs to be revamped , but you can still agree on a course of action that will lead to changes .
4 . During all of this , keep reevaluating the emotional side of the disagreement .
Watch out for emotional reactions to what you perceive as logical statements , since not everyone sees certain words and phrases the same way .
Address emotional issues as you can , or tiptoe around them if you need to .
How to Resolve a Group Disagreement
The best way to resolve a disagreement with a group — or to prevent a potential disagreement — is to talk to each member of the group one - on - one .
If you can convince every member of a group to agree with you , then you only have to deal with face - saving when the group reconvenes to discuss the issue .
And you can facilitate the face - saving process by suggesting ways that a group member may be able to explain or justify a change in his / her opinion .
Help the group members get out of the situation the group has put them in .
If a group is too large for you to talk to each member one - on - one , then talk with certain key members who hold the most influence over the group opinion .
Make sure you single out the influential members who you think might be opposed to your idea — getting them on your side will be key .
When you talk to a group member who agrees with you , ask for help in convincing the others .
And ask for advice — they may have ideas on things you can do to sell your point of view and win over other members of the group .
Conclusion
Dealing with disagreements is a part of being human , and a key part of being a manager or leader .
Use the process suggested above , but remember that you ’re not always right .
Sometimes the best way to resolve a disagreement is to recognize that you ought to change your mind .
In that case you may end up agreeing with what the other person has been saying all along .
Related Posts and Articles
Great catch by Phil Ewing at Navy Times ' Scoop Deck blog : the Russian navy has just declassified its records of Cold War UFO sightings .
Turns out “ 50 percent of UFO encounters are connected with oceans .
Fifteen [ percent ] more – with lakes .
So UFOs tend to stick to the water , ” one Russian officer explained .
" On several occasions the instruments gave reading of material objects moving at incredible speed , " a sub commander recalled .
" Calculations showed speeds of about 230 knots , or 400 kph .
Speeding so fast is a challenge even on the surface .
But water resistance is much higher .
It was like the objects defied the laws of physics .
There ’s only one explanation : the creatures who built them far surpass us in development . "
Insert jab about superior U.S. Navy submarine technology , here .
All joking aside , in one alleged incident in 1982 , three navy diver trainees reportedly died pursuing what survivors described as " a group of humanoid creatures dressed in silvery suits " in Baikal , the world 's deepest lake .
[ Screen cap : The Abyss ]
Australian scientists have confirmed the oldest penis - like structure in an ancient fish specimen .
The discovery of the 400 million - year - old reproductive organ is one of the earliest examples of internal fertilisation in vertebrate animals .
And understanding the anatomy of these ancient fish could reveal further details in the evolution of vertebrates - including humans .
The research is published in today 's advanced online ahead of print edition of Nature .
Earlier this year the team , led by Australian palaeontologist Dr John Long , predicted some ancient fish from the Devonian era , had an attachment to their pelvic bone , which were used by males to fertilise females .
Long , of Museum Victoria , says " when we announced we 'd found some structures in the pelvic fin that suggested copulation , we had n't found the business end of how they were doing it . "
Now the team have identified a long clasper , made entirely of bone , on another fish specimen .
Long says claspers were used by the ancient fish , an extinct class of armoured fish called placoderms , to grip inside the female while they were mating .
" It 's a pretty big find because placaderms were the dominant fish for 70 million years , but we knew nothing about their reproduction , " says Long .
Similar to sharks
He says their work earlier this year suggests the reproductive structure in the dominant group of placoderms , called arthrodires , was similar to present day sharks .
" Now we 've actually found it , a specimen with an undoubted clasper with a knobbly end . "
Study author and palaeontologist Dr Kate Trinajstic , of Curtin University in Perth , says the clasper was discovered in a fish specimen uncovered in the Gogo region of Western Australia in 2001 .
She says the team originally discounted the bone as the reproductive organ because they thought it was part of the pelvic gurdle .
On closer inspection , Trinajstic says they realised it was a sexual organ .
" We were surprised because it 's so big , " she says .
" We were expecting something smaller . "
Trinajstic says the clasper , which was attached to the pelvic organ would have been erectile .
" It penetrates the female , and acts like a funnel , allowing the transfer of sperm . "
She says the ancient fish had quite advanced reproductive systems considering sharks today have a similar system .
Trinajstic says the discovery of the clasper now allows scientists to identify the sex of other specimens of ancient fish .
" That sounds like a basic thing , but we have n't been able to do that before . "
In the last few columns , I described how laboratory simulations of a volcanic prebiotic environment showed that interesting organic reactions can be driven by the heat and pressure associated with vulcanism .
I also described my own studies of volcanic sites on the present Earth , which we call prebiotic analogue environments , and pointed out some of the problems that arise when we try to duplicate laboratory experiments in the real world geothermal conditions .
In the comments following the column , Gerhard Adam suggested that ice might be a plausible alternative to a hot site for the origin of life .
Good idea !
This was also proposed in a 1994 paper by Jeffrey Bada and Stanley Miller at the University of California , San Diego , who took into account the fact that amino acids and other soluble compounds required for life have finite life spans in water solutions .
Furthermore , the half - time of degradation is related to temperature , as might be expected from common experience .
They estimated that the entire ocean volume passes through high temperature hydrothermal vents every ten million years , a blink of the eye in geological time , and the high temperatures associated with the vents ( 300 + degrees C ) would cause amino acids to break down into smaller fragments of little use for the origin of life .
However , if the same amino acids were frozen at ice temperatures , they would last indefinitely .
The same is true for nucleotides , the monomers of nucleic acids .
Hydrocarbons , on the other hand , are much more stable over time .
Oil and other fossil fuels were deposited 300 million years ago when the buried remains of abundant plant life were processed by the high temperature and pressure associated with sedimentary mineral formations thousands of feet beneath the Earth ’s surface .
But how could ice have been present on a hot early Earth ?
There is a consensus that the Earth was initially hot , and that oceans rapidly formed as it cooled down .
Yet a relatively warm global temperature at the time of life ’s origin is still an assumption .
From physical principles , it can be calculated that four billion years ago the sun only emitted 70 % of the energy that it does today .
This is called the “ dim early sun paradox ” because the oceans should have frozen solid !
But did they ?
To resolve this dilemma , Carl Sagan and his colleagues proposed that abundant carbon dioxide in the early atmosphere might have acted as a greenhouse gas to keep the Earth warm enough so that the oceans did not freeze , but this also remains a conjecture because we do n’t know with certainty for much carbon dioxide was in the atmosphere .
In fact , 750 to 600 million years ago , just before the Cambrian radiation began , our planet passed through a period referred to as “ snowball earth ” with ice sheets all the way to tropical latitudes .
The evidence for this is geological deposits on every continent and the ocean floor that are consistent with extensive glaciation nearly to the equator .
The geological record suggests that extensive melting and thawing occurred as many as four times in the Earth ’s history .
And we ’re not talking about more recent ice ages , either , which came nowhere near the global coverage of ice in snowball scenarios .
So , if global ice sheets were present as recently as 600 million years ago , why not 4 billion years ago , when the sun was delivering significantly less heat energy to the Earth ’s surface ?
Bada and Miller argued that organic compounds required for life to begin would not be degraded by heat energy if they were embedded in ice .
Not only can ice preserve organic compounds , but solute concentration caused by freezing should promote synthetic chemical reactions that cannot occur in dilute solutions .
Several years ago , working with my colleagues Pierre - Alain Monnard and Tessi Kanavarioti here at UC Santa Cruz , we simulated a polymerization reaction in ice .
When an aqueous solution freezes , it essentially dries out .
The ice crystals that form immobilize most of the water molecules , and liquid films of highly concentrated solutes accumulate in the cracks between crystals .
The same thing happens , by the way , when ice wines are made from frozen grapes .
The concentrating effect of freezing produces a juice so concentrated in sugars that some is left behind during fermentation , resulting in a deliciously sweet dessert wine .
By the same token , if we freeze a solution of monomers that can’t react because they are too dilute , the concentrating effect caused by freezing the solution should promote their polymerization .
So , what happened in our simulation ?
We made a dilute aqueous solution of nucleotides , the monomers of RNA , and lowered the temperature to - 18 degrees C to produce ice .
When we melted the ice a few days later and looked for products , the monomers had polymerized into short strands of RNA !
The result clearly supported the idea that interesting chemical reactions can be promoted by freezing .
But there is a catch I have n’t mentioned yet .
Even though freezing concentrates the monomers , nothing happens unless they are activated .
In other words , we added nucleotides that had a chemical group attached so that polymerization was energetically downhill and could occur spontaneously .
Activated monomers are necessary for the synthesis of polymers required by all forms of life on the Earth .
Before nucleotides can be incorporated into the polymers called nucleic acids , they must be activated as high energy triphosphates such as ATP ( adenosine triphosphate ) .
Amino acids are linked to transfer RNA by another kind of high energy bond before ribosomes can use them to synthesize proteins .
So the question is , how could monomers be activated when they are frozen in ice ?
I do n’t know the answer , and no one else does either .
This is why I think a hot origin of life is more likely .
Unlike ice , there are numerous sources of activating energy available in a geothermal environment that could drive the synthesis of polymers .
Next week I will tell the story of Sidney Fox , a pioneer in origins of life research who was certain that volcanic heat was the answer , but carried the idea a little too far .
A top US military officer in Baghdad has stirred controversy by arguing in a confidential memo that the American presence in Iraq has outlived its welcome and that it was time " for the US to declare victory and go home " .
The memo , leaked to the New York Times , was written by Colonel Timothy Reese who calls for all US troops to be pulled out of Iraq by August next year .
He draws on the adage " Guests , like fish , begin to smell after three days , " adding : " Since the signing of the 2009 security agreement , we are guests in Iraq and after six years in Iraq , we now smell bad to the Iraqi nose . "
Under that Status Force Agreement , the US has agreed with the Iraqi government to complete withdrawal by the end of 2011 .
Though the numbers of troops pulled out so far is limited , the US military has begun to quit Baghdad and other Iraqi cities .
The disclosure of the Reese memo comes a day after the US defence secretary Robert Gates said that the pull - back from Iraq could be sped up slightly with the inclusion of an extra brigade of about 5,000 troops by the end of this year on top of the two already planned .
But that still leaves most US troops still inside Iraq at the time of the sensitive Iraqi elections in January .
Reese , an author of the official US army history of the Iraq war and a current adviser to the Iraqi military in Baghdad , is double - headed in his memo .
He warns that there are still big problems within the Iraqi security forces , from corruption to ongoing political pressure from Shia politicians .
He also reports that since the US withdrawal of combat troops from Baghdad , there has been a " sudden coolness " shown by Iraqi military leaders towards US advisers .
Iraqi units were now less willing to work with the Americans in joint operations .
Nonetheless , he goes on to argue that staying on will only foment further resentment among Iraqis .
The idea of a rapid acceleration in the pullout from Iraq was greeted with scepticism by Stephen Biddle of the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington , a former adviser to General David Petraeus .
Biddle said that it was not in the interests of either the Iraqis or the US to speed up withdrawal .
Biddle said that the main problem facing the military in Iraq was an " identity civil war " between Shias and Sunnis and potentially between Arabs and Kurds , comparable to the Balkans .
" Our mission is peacekeeping stabilisation in Iraq .
I would like to see a long , slow drawdown to the level of a peacekeeping force , as we saw in the Balkans , " Biddle said .
He added that his impression was that neither General Ray Odierno , the top US commander in Iraq , nor Petraeus who now heads US central command , would agree with the call for a faster departure .
A spokesman for Odierno told the New York Times that the Reese memo was not intended for widespread dissemination and did not reflect the view of the US military .
Communiqué
Quand la Fondation , fidèle à son engagement sur les questions environnementales , a choisi de programmer son exposition manifeste Nous les Arbres , en 2019 , elle n’imaginait pas avoir , un an après , à annoncer la mort de son arbre fétiche : son cèdre du Liban … (…)
Ses branches montraient , depuis 2018 , une croissance très limitée .
Si son espèce d’ordinaire ne craint pas les climats froids et rugueux et est virtuellement millénaire , notre arbre , hélas , et selon le rapport des experts , n’a vraisemblablement pas supporté les fortes chaleurs de ces deux dernières années ni le récent printemps très sec .
" He 's long , look at him , " Sasha Vujacic said of Odom .
" He 's very long .
He 's athletic .
He 's got eyes behind his ears .
He knows how to jump all around the ball . "
Hounded , K - Mart called timeout , but on the redo , he was n't so lucky as he led ' Melo too much with the pass and Ariza snatched away both the ball and Denver 's shot at a win for the second time in five nights .
" It was kind of deja vu from Game 1 , " Anthony said .
Ariza thought so , too .
" It was kind of funny , " he said .
" It was pretty much the same thing , different players .
But we got the steal .
We got a win , that 's the most important thing . "
Bryant made four free throws in the final 22 seconds to seal the win after sinking a 3 - pointer over J.R. Smith with 1:09 left to put Los Angles ahead for good at 96-95 .
" Kobe does that time and time and time and time and time again for game winners , " Odom said of Bryant 's 3 - pointer .
" It is routine -- for him . "
Pau Gasol added 20 points and 11 rebounds .
" I think Gasol was the key to them winning tonight , " Anthony said .
" Getting him going and him making shots , it made it hard to double - team him and still try to guard Kobe out there . "
Anthony scored 21 points but just three after halftime , and Denver lost at home for the first time since March 9 .
" I do n't really think they did anything different tonight .
But I missed some easy shots , " said Anthony , who had averaged 35 points in his previous five games but went just 4 - for - 13 .
Before Saturday night , the Nuggets , who had won 16 straight games at home , had been dominant in Denver in the playoffs .
They ran away with all six games at Pepsi Center against New Orleans and Dallas by an average of 17.5 points .
The Nuggets led most of the game but were done in by poor decisions and a failure to keep their composure .
They shot just 5 - for - 27 on 3 - pointers and committed three technical fouls .
Game 4 is Monday night , when the Lakers and Nuggets will have the Pepsi Center to themselves after World Wrestling Entertainment moved Monday Night Raw to the Staples Center in Los Angeles because of the double booking that WWE chairman Vince McMahon milked for all it was worth .
That does n't mean the crowd in Denver wo n't see some elbows , forearms and more trash talking like they did Saturday night , when there were five technicals called , including one on Smith for taunting Vujacic after swishing a 3 - pointer at the third - quarter buzzer .
The Nuggets took a 79 - 71 lead on Smith 's bucket .
Vujacic , who had just hit a 3 - pointer of his own , his first points of the game , nearly stole Billups ' pass , but Smith snared it , spun and swished the 3 - pointer as the backboard lit up in red and he fell to the floor with the crowd going crazy .
Caught up in the moment , Smith jumped up jawing at Vujacic and was T'd up .
After Bryant swished the technical free throw , Denver would miss its first nine shots of the fourth quarter , finally putting a shot through the hoop on Martin 's dunk with 6:34 left .
" I rank this right up there with some of the biggest road wins we 've had since I 've been a Laker , " Bryant said .
" Because , in the past we always had guys that had a lot of experience .
Robert Horry , Rick Fox , Ron Harper , they 've all been through this before .
For our guys this is brand new .
" Last year we were n't tested like this .
And it goes a long way for us as a ballclub . "
Game notes
Lakers C Andrew Bynum has been saying he wants to play more minutes and his coach said he can if he plays better defense .
He had seven points and four boards in 21 minutes .
...
This marked the first time Bryant had scored 40 points twice in one playoff series .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
On November 15 , 2008 , a bloom of plant - like organisms known as phytoplankton encircled the Chatham Islands , which are in the southern Pacific Ocean about 800 kilometers east of New Zealand .
Like plants , these organisms contain chlorophyll and other light - harvesting pigments for photosynthesis .
The pigments change the way the surface of the ocean reflects and absorbs sunlight , creating colorful swirls that trace the location of the bloom .
The very bright blue color of the bloom in the east suggests that it contained a kind of phytoplankton called coccolithophores .
These plankton have a chalky ( calcium carbonate ) coating that is very reflective .
The Chatham Islands are at the eastern end of a feature called the Chatham Rise — an underwater plateau that stretches eastward from New Zealand ’s South Island for about a thousand kilometers .
The relatively shallow depth of the water over the rise , combined with its location at a subtropical front ( a boundary where warm waters in the north mix with cold , sub-Antarctic waters to the south ) , make the area especially hospitable to phytoplankton blooms .
The plankton support productive fisheries .
NASA image by Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. climate bill would not do enough to protect consumers from future energy costs and gives away too many permits to power and natural gas distribution companies to pollute with carbon dioxide , environmental groups said .
The skyline of downtown Los Angeles is pictured at sunset in this March 3 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuon / Files
Backers of the bill , including many big power companies and moderate environmental groups , have touted it as legislation that would protect consumers .
The bill would do that , they claim , by initially distributing tens of billions of dollars worth of permits to pollute with greenhouse gases in a cap - and - trade program to local power and natural gas distribution companies .
Then those companies would be required to use proceeds from selling the permits to keep energy bills low for consumers through rebates and other means .
President Barack Obama had preferred auctioning 100 percent of the permits to raise funds to help consumers .
But after compromises , only about 15 percent of the permits would be auctioned .
The bill , which could come to a vote before the full U.S. House in weeks , would cut greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 .
But giving the credits away to companies presents problems because the firms would be regulated by state public utility commissions that in the past have faced charges that they were influenced by the companies , environmentalists said .
“ Can we trust local utility companies to manage billions of dollars in value in a responsible manner that benefits consumers and reduces global warming pollution ? ”
Frank O’Donnell , president of Washington based nonprofit Clean Air Watch , said in a white paper released on Wednesday .
“ Those commissions are political bodies . ”
The bill says the funds should be used for the benefit of ratepayers .
But the bill ’s language is vague and power companies , which often have power distribution wings , could decide that building a new fossil fuel - powered plant would help lower bills , O’Donnell said .
Not all green groups agreed that the risks were big .
“ Groups like ours will need to be vigilant to make sure ” the bill does not lead to windfall profits for power companies and lapses in consumer protection , said Nathaniel Keohane , director of economic policy and analysis at the Environmental Defense Fund .
“ But the fact that one can come up with worst case scenarios does n’t mean to me that we do n’t go ahead with what is otherwise a very sensible approach to allocations , ” of the pollution permits , he said .
SIPHONING OFF
The bill would require natural gas distribution companies to invest some of the proceeds in energy efficiency projects in households such as attic insulation and better windows to help consumers trim their use of energy .
But electricity distribution companies would not be required to offer energy efficiency .
Seth Kaplan , vice president for climate advocacy at the Conservation Law Foundation in Boston , said unless the bill is changed consumers could miss out on millions of dollars of savings from efficiency over the long term and that their power use would remain unnecessarily high .
In addition , more than 5 percent of the allocations under the bill would be given to merchant power plants , many of which are deregulated , and oil refineries .
“ If you siphon off the value of the ( permits ) and give them to a merchant generator , or if a commission siphons them off and protects a coal plant , that is taking money that should go into consumer value , ” Kaplan said .
The new book by Malcom Potts and Thomas Hayden will be widely available December 1 , and is currently available on Amazon .
Hear more about the book from the authors in a Q&A with Wired.com .
TODAY ’S MOST BRUTAL WARS are also the most primal .
They are fought with machetes in West Africa , with fire and rape and fear in Darfur , and with suicide bombs and improvised explosive devices in Israel , Iraq , and elsewhere .
But as horrifying as these conflicts are , they are not the greatest threat to our survival as a species .
We humans are a frightening animal .
Throughout our species ’s existence , we have used each new technology we have developed to boost the destructive power of our ancient predisposition for killing members of our own species .
From hands and teeth tearing at isolated individuals , to coordinated raids with clubs and bows and arrows , to pitched battles , prolonged sieges , and on into the age of firearms , the impulse has remained the same but as the efficiency of our weapons has increased , the consequences have grown ever more extreme .
The evidence of history is that no advance which can be applied to the killing of other human beings goes unused .
As scientific knowledge continues to explode , it would be naïve , to expect any different .
As if we needed any more reasons to confront the role of warfare in our lives , the present supply and future potential of WMDs should convince us that the time has come once and for all to bring our long , violent history of warring against each other to an end .
The nineteenth century was dominated by discoveries in chemistry , from dyes to dynamite .
The twentieth century belonged to physics , from subatomic particles and black holes to nuclear weapons .
The twenty - first century is set to see great advances in biological knowledge , from our growing understanding of the genome and stem cells to , it ’s a shame to say , new and expanded forms of biological warfare .
In the past , each iteration of the application of scientific discovery to warfare has produced more horrible and destructive weapons .
Sometimes temporary restraint is exercised , as in the successful ban on poison gas in the Second World War , but such barriers burst easily , as the deliberate bombing of civilians in the same war attest .
Human beings have always appropriated new ideas to build increasingly formidable weapons and there is no reason to think that competitive , creative impulse will disappear on its own .
As weapons become ever more horrifying — and , with the rise of biological weapons , increasingly insidious — it is no longer enough just to limit the use of one killing technology or another .
We need to limit the conditions that lead to war in the first place .
It has become almost a cliché to note that we live in an increasingly complex and interdependent society .
But this point is crucially important as we consider the future of war .
Our cities once were fortresses , the walled sanctums where our ancestors sought refuge from marauders .
The firebombing of the Second World War revealed a new urban vulnerability , but even that insecurity is nothing by today ’s standards .
We live in giant cities , supplied with piped water and electricity , with trains in tunnels and cars on elevated roadways , with fiber optics under the pavement and air - conditioning plants for buildings with windows that can not be opened .
Our new urban centers have the vulnerability to terrorism and attack built right into them .
Any modern city can be held hostage by a single Unabomber , brought to a halt by nineteen fanatical men , or devastated by any small raiding party drawing on modern scientific knowledge , from malicious computer programming to radioactive “ dirty bombs ” to infectious bacteriology .
To understand the dangerous future of these WMDs , we ’ll first take a quick look at their history .
Poison Gas
On April 22 , 1915 , near the Belgian town of Ypres , the German army mounted the first poison gas attack in history .
Fritz Haber , who would later receive the Nobel Prize for his work producing nitrogen fertilizer , labored day and night to develop chlorine gas into a weapon and supervised its first release in person .
The 168 tons of gas deployed that day ripped a four - mile gap of gasping , suffocating men in the British lines .
( The German commanders — as is so often the case when new weapons are used — had insufficient resources to exploit their opportunity . )
In a revealing example of the difference between the attitudes of men and women toward war , Haber ’s wife Clara , who was also a chemist , begged her husband to stop his work on poison gas .
After a dinner held to celebrate her husband ’s appointment as a general , Frau
Haber shot herself in the garden — and Haber left the funeral arrangements to others while he traveled to the Eastern front to supervise the first gas attack on the Russians .
Unprepared , the
Russians suffered 25,000 casualties .
In one of the grimmer ironies in the history of dehumanizing others , while Haber was dismissed from the directorship of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institut in Berlin in 1933 because he was a Jew ( he later escaped Nazi Germany ) , his invention , Zyklon gas , was used in the gas chambers of Nazi concentration camps to kill other Jews .
Despite the obvious horrors of gas warfare , the British began their own chemical weapons research in 1916 .
They tested 150,000 compounds including dichlorethyl sulfide , which they rejected as insufficiently lethal .
The Germans disagreed , and took up its development .
On initial exposure , victims did n’t notice much except for an oily or “ mustard ”
smell , and so the first men exposed to this “ mustard gas ” did not even don their gasmasks .
Only after a few hours did exposed skin began to blister , as the vocal cords became raw and the lungs filled with liquid .
Affected soldiers died or were rendered medically unfit for months , and often succumbed years or decades later to lung disease .
At first the British were outraged at its use , but later they sent supplies of poison gas to their own troops in British India , for use against
Afghan tribesmen in the North - West Frontier .
By 1918 , one - third of all shells being used in World War I were filled with poison gas .
In all , 125,000 British soldiers were gassed , along with 70,000 Americans .
Three weeks before the end of the war , the
British shelled the 16th Bavarian Reserve Infantry with mustard gas .
A young corporal named Adolf Hitler was blinded in the attack — and would later claim that the recovery of his sight was a supernatural sign he should become a politician and save “ Germany . ”
Nuclear Weapons
Between the ages of eleven and seventeen , I was lucky to attend the
Perse School in Cambridge , only a mile from the Cavendish Laboratory where much of the early work on atomic physics was conducted .
Today , I teach at the University of California , Berkeley , an important site for early work on nuclear physics , and still the managing institution for
Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , where the atomic bomb was developed .
The knowledge to create the most destructive weapons in history was developed by clever men in pleasant surroundings , pushing the analytical power of their Stone Age brains to the limit .
In that task , deep - seated human emotions and brilliant science clashed in complex ways .
The main motivating factor behind America ’s Manhattan Project was fear — fear that Nazi Germany would develop the atomic bomb first .
In the
1930s , a Hungarian theoretical physicist living in London , Leo Szilárd , foresaw that a nuclear chain reaction might be possible , and in
December 1938 , Otto Hahn in Germany conducted the crucial experiment confirming Szilárd ’s hypothesis .
As a young German officer , Hahn had helped release the first chlorine gas at Ypres in 1915 , but when the possibility of a nuclear weapon arose he had serious reservations , saying , “ if my work should lead to a nuclear weapon I would kill myself . ”
( Lise Meitner , another physicist , was the first to understand the potential of nuclear fission .
She worked with Hahn in Berlin before being expelled from Germany because she was Jewish , and she refused any part in the development of the American bomb . )
But while virtually every physicist who saw the potential for nuclear weapons recoiled in horror , scientific genies which can be weaponized are always difficult to keep in their bottles , and impossible during wartime .
By the time
Hitler invaded Czechoslovakia in March of 1939 , science had advanced to the point that the best physicists in both Europe and America could see how an atomic bomb was scientifically possible .
Soon , many would come to consider it necessary as well .
A German effort to build the bomb was launched , and headed by Werner
Heisenberg , famous for his “ uncertainty principle ” of quantum physics .
Germany failed to make an atomic bomb by a wide margin , and there is some evidence , controversial to be sure , that Heisenberg and other
German physicists had intentionally dragged their heels .
Whether true or not , it hardly mattered — Szilárd was convinced the Nazis were making progress and that only the Americans could beat them to the nuclear finish line .
He drafted a warning letter , and together with
Albert Einstein sent it to President Roosevelt .
The Manhattan Project soon followed .
The U.S. tested its first atomic weapon in the New Mexico desert at
2:41 A.M. on May 7 , 1945 — just as the Allies were accepting Nazi
Germany ’s unconditional surrender .
But the war with Japan raged on , and the new U.S. President , Harry Truman , struggled with the power he now controlled .
“ Even if the Japs are savages , ruthless , merciless and fanatic , we as the leader of the world … cannot drop this terrible bomb on the old capital [ Kyoto ] , ” he confided to his diary .
“ The target will be a purely military one and we will issue a warning statement asking the Japs to surrender . ”
In fact , Japan was on the verge of surrender and it might well have capitulated had they been told the Emperor could remain on his throne . *
The Allies , however , insisted on unconditional surrender , and the Japanese refused .
At 8:16 A.M. on August 6 , a uranium - 235 device called Little Boy was dropped on Hiroshima ; a plutonium bomb , “ Fat Man , ” was dropped on Nagasaki two days later .
On
September 2 , 1945 , the Japanese formally surrendered .
The genie was out of the bottle .
Within months of the end of the war , Edward Teller , a Hungarian who was part of the team that had developed the U.S. bomb , was working on the hydrogen bomb , an even more powerful weapon .
In the Soviet Union ,
Stalin had authorized work on an atomic bomb as early as 1942 , and the
Russians were helped initially by lease - lend shipments of uranium and other material from the U.S. , and by Manhattan Project secrets leaked by the left - wing physicist Klaus Fuchs .
His betrayal is said to have advanced the Soviet work by perhaps eighteen months , and captured
German scientists added an extra boost after the war .
Russia exploded her first atomic bomb just four years after the Americans .
The British had their atomic bomb by 1953 , the French by 1960 , and the Chinese in
1964 .
Israel has never confirmed its membership , but is thought to have joined the nuclear club by the late 1970s .
Germ Warfare
The Shoshone Indians of Nevada , before battle , killed a sheep , drained its blood into a length of intestine , buried the draught in the ground to ferment , and then smeared their war arrows with the microbial brew .
This would have guaranteed severe infection and probably death following even a superficial arrow wound .
A 3,400 - year - old clay tablet found in modern Turkey carries a cuneiform inscription with the intriguing phrase , “ The country that finds them shall take over this evil pestilence . ”
Molecular biologist Siro Trevisanato from Ontario ,
Canada , suggests that this may be a reference to a disease called tularemia which infects sheep , donkeys , rabbits , and human beings , and that it is the first instance of biological warfare in recorded history .
Tularemia is a highly infectious disease leading to a painful death from fever , skin ulcers , and pneumonia .
It was the cause of serious epidemics in early civilizations stretching from present - day Cyprus to Iraq , and the historical record suggests that infected sheep and donkeys were driven into enemy lines in order to spread infection .
During the French and Indian Wars ( 1754 –1763 ) , the British very likely gave hostile Indian tribes blankets infected with smallpox , and certainly considered the idea .
Once you have dehumanized your enemy , the evidence is that it matters little which way you kill him .
But biological weapons represent a particularly insidious and dangerous form of WMDs .
They may lack the immediate gruesome effects of chemical weapons or the sheer destructive power of the atomic bomb .
But they are inherently stealthy , potentially lethal on a global scale , and when living infectious organisms are involved , all but uncontrollable .
Both Japan and the U.S. worked on biological weapons during World
War II , and the Japanese used anthrax and plague bacteria against the chinese .
U.S. research continued after the war until 1969 , when
President Richard Nixon renounced “ the use of lethal biological agents and weapons , and other methods of biological warfare . ”
The U.S .
unilaterally destroyed its stockpiled biological weapons , a bold step which led to the 1972 Biological Weapons convention .
But although the convention was ratified by 140 nations , it lacked policing capacity and within one year of its passage , the Soviet Union began the largest biological weapons program in history .
Vladimir Pasechnick , who would defect to the U.S. in 1994 , reported overseeing 400 research scientists working on the program in Leningrad , with another 6,000 professionals throughout the country involved in the manufacture of huge quantities of anthrax and smallpox .
Iraq also ignored the 1972 convention and in
1990 , just before the First Gulf War , a factory south of Baghdad manufactured 5,400 liters of botulinum toxin .
The coalition forces had insufficient vaccines to protect their soldiers , and U.S. Secretary of
State James Baker used diplomatic channels to let Saddam Hussein know that the U.S. would launch a nuclear response if attacked with biological weapons .
By the time of the Second Gulf War , Hussein ’s biological weapon program had disintegrated .
As a physician , I must say that I find germ warfare to be particularly loathsome .
There are three possible levels on which it could be waged , each more distressing that the one before .
First , a bacterium such as anthrax , which is very stable , could be sprayed or spread around a community .
Anyone who inhaled it would come down with a non-specific fever and fatigue , which looks like the onset of flu but , left untreated , leads to fatal pneumonia .
An anthrax victim , however , could not infect another person .
Second , an infectious agent , such as smallpox , could be used to start an epidemic .
Third , a new and terrible disease could be genetically engineered that not only infects , but also avoids detection and resists treatment with our current arsenal of vaccines and antibiotics .
This final scenario is the most chilling of all .
If anything qualifies as a miracle of modern medicine , it is the
World Health Organization ’s use of vaccination to eradicate smallpox in the 1960s and 1970s .
The last case of this ancient killer of millions was identified in October 1977 in Somalia .
Yet the very fact of our medical triumph over smallpox makes it a particularly devastating weapon .
The virus is highly infectious ; causes severe , painful disease with a high rate of mortality ; and unlike HIV , for example , is quite robust , and can persist in the environment for months or years .
Unlike most viral diseases , it is possible to halt smallpox infection by vaccination after exposure .
However , the smallpox vaccination must be given within the first forty - eight hours after exposure , and large - scale smallpox vaccination was stopped thirty years ago .
A smallpox - based attack now could devastate a large population .
But even if an outbreak were quickly contained , it would bring a nation to a halt and be exceedingly frightening and painful .
All smallpox samples were supposed to be destroyed following eradication , with the exception of two batches .
One is stored at the
U.S. Centers for Disease control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , and the other at the Russian State Research Institute of Virology and
Biotechnology outside Novosibirsk , Siberia .
It is possible , however , that clandestine stocks were kept by Russia , Iraq , Israel , or some other countries , and shortly after 9/11 , the World Health Organization decided to postpone the destruction of the final Russian and U.S .
samples in case they are needed to provide scientific information to counter a bioterrorism attack in the future .
Many other pox viruses and other infectious agents provided by nature could potentially be used as weapons .
But the Frankenstein - like creation of novel germs is perhaps an even greater fear .
A lethal virus might be assembled accidentally , as happened in Australia in 2000 when an experiment to sterilize rodent pests turned sour .
The unintentionally lethal virus killed all the experimental animals , despite attempts at vaccination .
And the deliberate quest to make germ warfare more effective by genetically modifying existing bacteria and viruses has already begun .
Sergei Popov , a Russian molecular biologist who worked in the Soviet biological weapons program , developed a microbe with the potential to cause a slow death from multiple sclerosis .
“ We never doubted , ” he said after defecting to Britain in
1992 , “ that we did the right thing .
We tried to defend our country . ”
His words echo those spoken by Werner Heisenberg and other German nuclear scientists after the Second World War almost exactly .
Biological agents need not kill to be effective terror weapons .
In the case of rodent pest control , thought has been given to using a modified virus that would cause infected female animals to make antibodies against the coat surrounding their own eggs .
As a pest control strategy , it would produce a generation of sterile rats .
If a similar virus were developed against human beings , it might be years before a slowly emerging epidemic of infertility was even recognized as a deliberate attack .
As one scientist has remarked , “ the main thing that stands between the human species and the creation of a supervirus is a sense of responsibility among individual biologists . ”
With an ever - growing population of scientists with the skill to manipulate the genes of bacteria and viruses , “ individual responsibility ” may prove a gossamer defense indeed .
Manufacturing Destruction
The nuclear arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union in many ways defined the mid-twentieth century .
But in some ways we can learn even more from the nuclear confrontation that has played out on the Indian subcontinent .
In 1948 , Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal
Nehru , despite being an advocate of non-aggression and ending atomic tests , admitted that , if threatened , “ no pious statements will stop the nation from using it that way . ”
Nehru was right and on May 11 , 1974 ,
India detonated a plutonium bomb the size of the Hiroshima weapon .
As the Indian threat increased , Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , then Pakistan’s
Foreign Minister , declared that his country would sacrifice everything to make an atomic bomb , “ even if we have to eat grass or leaves or to remain hungry . ”
Many people in that impoverished nation did in fact remain hungry as Pakistan poured its meager resources into a weapons program , which finally resulted in a series of nuclear tests in March
1998 .
The disturbing lesson is that the technical and economic barriers to
WMD acquisition are steadily dropping .
The Manhattan project cost two trillion dollars in the money of the time , and involved an industrial effort as large as the whole of the U.S. automobile industry .
Pakistan managed the same feat as an unstable third - world country with a fraction of the resources .
If Iran and North Korea soon join the nuclear club , it will be in part thanks to nuclear secrets purchased from A. Q. Khan , the “ father ” of the Pakistani bomb .
Perhaps most disturbing of all , there are thousands of pounds of high - grade nuclear material still in the former Soviet Union , left over from the cold War .
Some is unaccounted for , and much of the rest is poorly secured , vulnerable to purchase or theft by terror groups .
In much the same way , Germany ’s World War I chemical weapons were produced by the most advanced chemical industry in the world at the time .
The sarin gas released into the Tokyo subway by the Aum religious sect in 1995 , which killed seven people and made 2,000 ill , was made by a single , poorly qualified biochemist , Seichi Endo .
Also in 1995 , an
American survivalist purchased plague bacteria on the open market from the America Type culture collection for just $ 300 .
Whether used by nations against their enemies , or by small bands of terrorists bent on causing ever greater fear , there is simply too little we can do to stop
WMDs and their effects once they have been constructed .
Our best hope of security is to encourage and enforce control , while also redoubling our efforts to understand and counteract the conditions that might lead to their use in the first place .
The Battle for ResourcesWe have already stated several times that all team aggression , all raiding , and all wars are ultimately about resources , even if the combatants are n’t consciously aware of it .
All life , in fact , at its most fundamental level is about competition for resources .
Evolution has been driven by this competition for billions of years , and today ’s animals , plants , bacteria , protozoa , and fungi all exist because they competed successfully with their rivals in the past .
If we are to have any chance of avoiding the wars of tomorrow , as the destructive power of today ’s weapons tells us we must , then we have to address this most basic of biological problems :
The fact that as the population of any species grows , the pressure on its natural resources increases and competition becomes more severe .
Biology has invented a million ways for plants and animals to compete with each other .
A tree may compete for light by growing taller ; early mammals competed with dinosaurs by only coming out at night ; humans and chimpanzees — especially the males — compete for food , space , and reproductive opportunities by fighting with each other .
Human wars may come wrapped in a veneer of religion or political philosophy , but the battle for resources is usually just below the surface .
When Pope Urban II exhorted the nobles of Europe to join the
First Crusade , he contrasted the lands where they lived , which had
“ scarcely enough food for their cultivators , ” with Palestine , where the crusaders would be able to appropriate land from the Infidels .
In World
War II , the need for land and resources was expressed as Hitler ’s concept of lebensraum , or “ living space . ”
“ The aim [ of ] the efforts and sacrifices of the German people in this war , ” he wrote , “ must be to win territory in the East for the German people . ”
The Japanese attacked
Pearl Harbor because they knew they had to destroy the American Pacific fleet if they were to access the Indonesian oil they needed to supply their industries .
As we saw earlier , while rapid population growth and massive unemployment in some settings , such as the Gaza Strip , do not cause wars or terrorist attacks by themselves , they certainly make them more likely .
The predisposition for team aggression may be an inherent part of chimpanzee and human makeup , but the degree of competition for resources varies with the situation .
For example , it seems that team aggression among chimpanzees is less common in the congo , where there are more forest resources , than in Tanzania , where human encroachment has driven the animals into a limited area of forest .
The human migrants who crossed the Bering Strait into the Americas about 15,000
years ago found a continent filled with large , easy - to - hunt mammals , and among their limited human skeletal remains we find no evidence of violence .
But by about 5000 B.C. , as numbers and competition increased , some human skeletons from hunter - gatherer societies in North America show evidence of scalping , or have arrowheads embedded in them .
A thousand years ago , in the American Southwest , the Anasazi and Fremont peoples were foragers who also grew maize .
Some built elaborate cliff dwellings .
The study of tree rings demonstrates that the area was subject to some decade - long droughts , and during these times the region seems to have been beset by raids and warfare .
The population retreated to high pinnacles on the edges of deep canyons .
They hid small caches of grain in hard to reach places and positioned boulders to roll down on enemy clans .
Human skeletons show signs of malnutrition , decapitation , and cut marks on long - bones suggesting cannibalism .
Some Rousseauean anthropologists protest that reports of cannibalism represent a racist desire to denigrate other cultures , but the scientific evidence suggests otherwise .
Excavating an Anasazi site in the American Southwest dating from 1150 a.d. , Brian Billman of the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill found cooking vessels and the butchered remains of four adults and an adolescent .
Sensitive immunological tests revealed evidence of human muscle protein in the pots ; even more convincing , the same tests found evidence of human meat in preserved human feces found at the site .
When food is scarce , competition becomes increasingly intense and cannibalism , like team aggression , aids survival .
Critics have argued that the archaeological evidence for endemic violence in drought - ridden areas is too scattered and circumstantial to draw strong conclusions .
A recent study of environment and warfare in contemporary Africa helps put that criticism to rest .
Edward Miguel of the University of California , Berkeley , and colleagues Shanker
Satyanath and Ernest Sergenti of New York University compared rainfall levels and incidents of civil conflict across the African continent , and found that as one increased , the other declined , with a statistical certainty of 95 percent .
Interestingly , the effect was found across many different cultures and irrespective of whether the country was well or poorly governed .
Competition for resources has led to violence everywhere we look .
When Polynesian seafarers reached Easter Island about 1,300 to 1,700
years ago , they landed on a forested island full of flightless birds .
By about 500 years ago , the trees had been cut down , the animals had all been eaten , and the clans , who identified themselves with the curious stone statues that still dot the island , fell to fighting each other .
The population plummeted from an estimated 20,000 to just 2,000
by the time Europeans arrived in the eighteenth century .
Here too we find archeological evidence of cannibalism , which lives on in the oral tradition of the islanders .
A local insult used on Easter Island even today is , “ The flesh of your mother sticks between my teeth . ”
The thought that rapid population growth could increase conflict is hardly new , and certainly Thomas Malthus accepted this relationship in his 1798 Essay on the Principle of Population .
As with so many efforts to interpret human behavior , however , the link between resource depletion and conflict has been obscured by extreme arguments .
As
Shridath Ramphal and Steven Sinding , then of the UN commission on
Global Governance and the Rockefeller Foundation , write , “ there has been considerably more heat than light in the international dialogue ”
and efforts have been made that “ suit a political , as opposed to a scientific interest . ”
Those looking at the same landscape of facts but through different lenses end up sparring instead of seeking synthesis .
Nancy Peluso and Michael Watts , colleagues of ours at Berkeley , castigate writers such as Robert Kaplan , author of The Coming Anarchy :
How Scarcity , Crime , Overpopulation , and Disease Are Rapidly Destroying the Social Fabric of Our Planet , for making too direct a link between resource scarcity and conflict .
They point out , citing Karl Marx ( who did in fact get a few things right ) , that economic patterns also help determine who controls and who has access to resources .
No doubt some conflicts could be avoided by a more equitable distribution of resources ; there is nothing contradictory in arguing for greater social and economic equality while also recognizing that high birth rates can overwhelm the ability of a finite region to sustain its human population regardless of such equality .
John May , the World Bank ’s demographer for Africa , has drawn attention to the demographic pressure that had built up in Rwanda by the time of the 1994 genocide .
The population of Rwanda was two million people in 1950 , and on average each woman had almost 8 children .
By
1994 , average family size had fallen slightly to 6.2 , but the population had quadrupled to almost eight million , resulting in a population density of 292 people per square kilometer , the highest in all of Africa .
James Fairhead , an anthropologist from the School of
Oriental and African Studies in London , adds an economic dimension to the analysis .
Preceding the Rwanda genocide , Fairhead points out , agricultural land prices had reached an astronomical $ 4,000 per hectare in a country where many people lived on less than $ 500 a year .
“ Land , ”
Fairhead concludes , “ is worth fighting for and defending . ”
Tragically , the fighting which took place in 1994 left between 500,000 and one million dead .
It was cast as an ethnic conflict , and senseless .
Once its roots in resource competition are laid bare , however , the violent extermination of an identifiable outgroup takes on the all - too familiar logic of team aggression .
Can all conflict be reduced beyond even team aggression and resource competition , down to the single factor of population growth ?
It ’s not quite that simple , but a deeper investigation of the role of population increase shows quite clearly that growth rate and population demographics function as significant triggers for raiding , wars , and even terrorism .
If we hope to reduce the number and severity of these violent incidents in our world , this is a relationship we need to understand .
Peter Turchin of the University of Connecticut and his
Russian colleague Andrey Korotayev provide important quantitative insight into the dynamic connections between population growth and conflict .
In a careful study of English , Chinese , and Roman history , they showed a statistical correlation between an increase in population density and warfare , although not surprisingly the impact of population growth was not immediate but took some time to develop .
It is not the infant playing at the hearth but the hungry landless peasant twenty years later who causes the conflict .
Adjusting for this and other variables ( such as the fact that wars themselves tend to reduce population ) , and using robust data on population growth from church records in England along with historical data on conflict , Turchin and
Korotayev found that intervals of relative peace and rapid population growth were followed by periods of conflict and slower population growth .
Their study suggests that population growth accounts for a powerful 80 – 90 percent* of the variation between periods of war and peace .
Even if the influence of population is substantially less than that , it remains outstandingly important .
But here is the crucial point : Rapid population growth is not just an important cause of violent conflicts .
In the contemporary world , population growth is a cause that can be contained by purely voluntary means .
In the past fifty years the world has accommodated rapid population growth tolerably well , although as rising oil and food prices suggest , this may not be true in the future .
The combination of the industrial revolution and science - based technology increased global wealth at an astonishing rate .
We have been a little like those first people to cross into North America , or the Polynesians who first landed at Easter
Island , in more ways than one , however .
Presented with vast new supplies of food , energy , building materials , and luxury goods our forbears could never have imagined , we have gorged ourselves on consumption , and we have driven .
Our global population from just one billion people in 1800 to six billion in 2000 .
We live in a globalized world now , and worldwide population is expected to increase to over eight billion by 2030 .
The evidence of that increase is now all around us , in our polluted environment , our warming climate , our disappearing rainforests , and our increasingly degraded farmland :
We are , as a species , in the process of proving Malthus ’s proposition that population will always outstrip resources .
Has the age of rapid resource expansion really come to an end ?
Human ingenuity continues as unchecked as our population growth , and we will no doubt find ways to squeeze more food , water , and energy out of the existing supplies .
But there are natural limits on how far efficiency and invention can take us .
Thomas Homer - Dixon , Director of Peace and conflict Studies at the University of Toronto , and Ambassador Richard
Benedick , who was the chief U.S. negotiator for the 1987 Montreal
Protocol on atmospheric ozone levels , argue that resource wars will become increasingly common in many parts of the world in the twenty - first century . *
Water , for example , is becoming a key constraint on development and quality of life in many places .
Thanks to dwindling supplies and burgeoning populations , the Middle East and much of North
Africa now have one - third as much water per capita as in 1960 .
Israel has already exploited 95 percent of the available water supply in the country , and uses it efficiently ; there is no new supply to tap .
In the
Gaza Strip , seawater is contaminating groundwater supplies as fresh water is pumped out to supply the growing population .
Egypt has depended on the Nile for irrigation , drinking water , and flushing its waste for thousands of years .
But even that vast stream of water is now reaching its limits .
Martha and I have watched millions of gallons of clear water pour over the Blue Nile falls near Bahir Dar in
Ethiopia , and we have sat beside the origin of the White Nile at Jinja on Lake Victoria in Uganda .
The two branches join at Khartoum in the middle of the Sudanese desert to make a vast , life - giving flow that has sustained forests , wildlife , and human populations since time immemorial .
But by the time the Nile reaches the Mediterranean Sea , it is a sadly depleted shadow of its former self .
In the year 2000 , there were 170 million people in Ethiopia , Sudan , and Egypt , all dependent on the waters of the Nile .
There is significant demand for family planning in these countries , but for cultural and political reasons , that demand remains largely unmet .
The populations of these three countries will continue to expand rapidly from 190 million today to a UN - estimated 337
million people by 2050 .
Population will more than double , but there will be no new water supply — all 337 million will be dependent on a source that is already under strain .
In a region with a volatile mix of cultures , religions , and ethnicities , the added stress of severe water shortages may well be the spark that sets the team aggression impulse ablaze on a vast and horrifying scale .
And yet our consumption continues to increase .
In recent decades , a billion new consumers have arisen in China , India , South East Asia ,
India , Brazil , Mexico , and parts of the former Soviet bloc .
When the incomes of these newly affluent people are adjusted to take into account local purchasing power , their potential to buy better quality food , more consumer goods , and more automobiles will equal that of the
U.S. While we should welcome the improved living standards and decreased poverty in many parts of the world , finite resources also make it essential that everything possible is done in the West and among the newly affluent to prevent runaway population growth .
Norman
Myers of Oxford University has shown that if the newly wealthy Chinese were to eat fish at the Japanese per capita rate , they would empty the seas , and if they used cars at the U.S. rate , they alone would consume today ’s total global output of oil .
In fifteen years , Martha and I have seen Beijing ’s and Shanghai ’s roads go from two - lane streets filled with bicycles to six - lane super - highways bursting with cars .
The price of oil around the world continues to rise with the increased demand , and it is not going to fall to the low levels that Americans expected almost as a natural right just a decade or two ago .
As competition for oil and other resources increases , will nations solve their differences through diplomacy , or through war ?
Optimists point out that some countries , such as the Netherlands , are densely populated but still maintain a high standard of living .
The implication is that good government and modern technology can help prevent the worst problems of expanding populations .
But such arguments overlook the fact that we all need space to grow the food we need , to collect the water we use , and to absorb the pollution we create .
calculated realistically , the Netherlands has an ecological footprint fourteen times its area on the map , because it imports food for people and fodder for cattle , consumes drinking water that fell as rain in
Switzerland , and pumps carbon dioxide from its power stations into the global atmosphere .
For billions of years , evolution has been driven by competition caused by the simple fact that , left unchecked , all living things can reproduce faster than their environment can sustain .
Our population growth today is largely unchecked by hunger , disease , or predators , and it is highly likely that our numbers and industrial demands have already exceeded the environment ’s capacity to support them .
Mathias
Wackernagel in California , Norman Myers in England , and others calculate that we may have exceeded Earth ’s carrying capacity as long ago as 1975 .
According to these calculations , we already need a planet
20 percent larger than the one we have .
Such estimates are difficult to make and open to criticism .
But it does n’t take much more than an open set of eyes to realize that current human population growth and economic expansion are going to be impossible to sustain in the long term .
competition for resources is about to increase markedly .
LessonsHuman beings are animated by curiosity .
This same impulse to investigate our surroundings which today drives the scientific enterprise originally adapted our ancestors to a harsh , competitive environment .
But unfortunately , the mixture of curiosity , the tendency to overreact when threatened , and unquestioning loyalty to our ingroup has become a lethal combination in today ’s world .
We can expand the envelope of empathy to include greater numbers of people , but in times of war , or perceived threats to our safety , it too often collapses again .
Power , patriotism , and curiosity can drive even the most intelligent and informed men — and it is virtually always men — to turn new scientific discoveries into weapons of mass destruction .
The witness of history seems to be that the predisposition to fight and to defend ourselves against attack is so powerful that human beings , once they perceive themselves to be in a life or death struggle of any kind , will always justify research and development of new weapons , however horrendous their effects .
It is sobering to note how many winners of Nobel Prizes for science contributed directly or indirectly to the development of weapons of mass destruction — and how many achievements honored with a
Nobel Peace Prize fell apart soon after they were awarded .
If the Nobel
Prize for physics is awarded for accomplishment , the Peace Prize seems very often to reward only effort .
But this does not mean that true peace is impossible — so long as we understand the biology of war .
We live in very different evolutionary times than any of our ancestors .
After 3.5 billion years of competition , life on Earth has reached its carrying capacity .
More competition at this point means fighting harder over a constantly dwindling pool of available resources .
As we seek ways to solve our environmental crises , address the warming climate , and combat emerging diseases and global poverty , our very survival as a species requires finding more ways to cooperate rather than compete .
And thanks especially to WMDs , the survival of our species now also means bringing an end to war as we know it .
It is time to leave our history of team aggression behind .
These are daunting challenges , to say the least .
Each will require the commitment and individual efforts of literally billions of our fellow humans , as well as many careful , specific programs put into effect by entire populations .
But there is one action that we must take , individually and as a world , if any of the others are to be successful .
It directly contradicts some of our deepest evolutionary programming , but if we are to survive as a species , we must stabilize or even reduce population size .
As we ’ll see in the coming chapter , to a very large extent that means recognizing that the natural tendencies of men are not consistent with the survival and well - being of their sexual partners , their children , and future generations to come .
The most aggressive and violent aspects of men ’s inherited behaviors — summarized in the predisposition to team aggression — too often overshadow the more benign aims of women , especially that to have surviving and healthy children .
Fortunately , women ’s impulses and aims are also based on deep evolutionary programming .
All we have to do is create the conditions that allow them to be expressed .
Image credit : 1 . UNICEF photo / Pierre Holtz 2 . Library of Congress : American soldiers in WWI protecting themselves from poison gas .
3 . A nuclear test from archive.org .
flickr / sandcastlematt
4 . A chimpanzee at Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa .
flickr / wordman1
Sharp shifts in exchange rates in recent months have altered the relative cost of living in cities around the world .
The Economist Intelligence Unit 's ranking ( above ) , is based on price data collected in September 2008 , then adjusted for recent exchange - rate movements .
It shows Tokyo as the world 's most expensive city , with a score of 152 , closely followed by Osaka Kobe .
The cheapest city is Karachi in Pakistan , with a score of 37 .
This result contrasts with the ranking of September 2008 ( below ) , which showed Oslo as the world 's most expensive city , followed by several other European cities and two in Japan : Tokyo ( at sixth place ) and Osaka Kobe ( at eighth , shared with London ) .
The disparity in the rankings makes it possible to see which cities have been relative winners or losers as a result of the currency dislocation .
The main changes in the ranking occur among the most expensive cities .
The decline of European currencies , most notably the euro , pound and the Norwegian krone , has driven a significant weakening in the relative cost of living for many European cities .
Conversely , a stronger yen now means that the Japanese cities of Tokyo and Osaka have become the most expensive cities in the survey .
The Worldwide Cost of Living survey compares the cost of living in 140 cities worldwide .
In each city field researchers gather and return a range of prices for over 160 items , from a loaf of bread to a luxury car .
A cost - of - living index is calculated from the weighted average price data to express the difference between any two cities .
The data quoted here uses New York as a base index of 100 for comparisons .
After a decade of being offline they are back again , this time with geeky video reports about security , Hacker News Network .
Hacker News Network , HNN , is one of the projects of the Boston - based hacker .
The Project is known as L0 pht Heavy Industries .
Why Am I talking about them ?
Well it ’s pretty much justified :
They ’re the guys who famously once told the U.S. Congress that they could take down the Internet in about 30 minutes .
They helped inventing the way that could help computer companies drill out security bugs in most things on Internet .
The L0 pht was powered by eight active members who used to be solid hackers , back in the days in 1990s .
But something wrong happened , most of them had faded , even as they ’ve watched a cottage industry of security research firms sprout up based on many of the disclosure techniques they pioneered .
The L0 pht dissolved after it sold out to consultancy @stake in 2000 , and its members gradually watched their dream of being paid to do cutting - edge hacking and security research wither and die .
But over the past few months , the L0 pht has been getting back together .
Out of Eight , Six of members re-united last year at a Security conference , and in May this year , members of the group released the first update to their most popular auditing / recovery tool L0 phtCrack password audit tool since 2005 .
I remember the days of windows 2000 , and 2003 when I used to play around with LC5 .
Breaking Windows / Active directory passwords were so easy .
Ofcourse , we did n’t used to have PCs as powerful as they are today , still 128 bit NTLM and MS HASH based passwords used to go off in a time of 80 hours max ( if password is lengthy ) .
Today , with LC6 , they have added support for Multicore and x64 .
I wonder how easy it is do break a windows password with a Quad core x64 , maybe within couple of hours .
What are they upto ?
Last month the L0 pht Web site went back online , and the demo version of Hacker News Network is set for an official launch on Jan. 11 , 2010 .
The date 01 - 11 - 10 is a binary number .
The L0 pht Web site will give members a single place to link to their current projects .
Peiter Zatko , aka Mudge , says he ’d like to use it as an archive of the group ’s historic security advisories .
More projects may evolve .
The group acquired the rights to its AntiSniff network monitoring tool from Symantec and is toying with the idea of reviving that as well .
“ We ’re still trying to figure out what the ultimate goals are , ” said Joe Grand , aka Kingpin .
“ But I ’m just happy that we can be in touch on a personal level and not have to deal with business , not have to deal with politics , and just have a place to do stuff .
Business and company politics pretty much killed the L0pht ” .
The Good thing :
They are not the bad guys .
Their historic work has proven they do it for ethical reasons .
History :
They had sold off L0 pht , their biggest mistake , as per one of the members .
They say it took a few years of negotiations with Symantec — which bought @stake in 2004 — to get back control of L0 phtCrack and several other L0 pht properties .
The core members sold their business to @stake in the hopes that with a deep - pocketed corporate sponsor , they would be free to do hacking projects that really interested them , such as drawing attention to important security problems that were being ignored by software vendors .
Mudge describes the L0 pht ’s early security advisories as
“ Very much a Rachel Carson - meets - Consumer Reports sort of attempt . ”
Carson was a biologist who advanced the environmentalist movement in the ’60s .
Initially , the group tried to apply that neutral Consumer Reports model to its @stake work , refusing to take money or free products from vendors .
“ It drove the venture capitalists nuts because we ’d be turning down the money , ” said Mudge .
But in the end , corporate pressures trumped what was not expected .
Within six months , Space Rogue , the only member who remains anonymous , was fired from his job in the company ’s PR department .
“ I did n’t fit in at all ; they were a bunch of clueless idiots , ” Space Rogue remembers
And gradually other members drifted away , often in dissatisfaction and frustration .
“ We went there to become researchers , ” said Christien Rioux , aka DilDog .
“ Unfortunately the research part did n’t generate enough money to fund the consulting part ,
It stopped being fun , ” said Joe Grand , who said he left after being pressured to do consulting work instead of the research he loved .
Today Grand runs his own electronics design company , Grand Idea Studio .
Some members stopped talking to each other , angry with the way things had gone .
The only L0 phter with Symantec today is Paul Nash .
But bad feelings between the members have softened with time .
Though many of them live in different cities now , they still get together whenever they can , at conferences or when they happen to be passing through the same city .
“ I do n’t think we could ever recapture the magic of what the L0 pht was , ” said Space Rogue , who is now an IT staffer in Massachusetts .
“ But I think we ’re at the point now where we can rekindle the friendship .
It ’s L0 pht again , but different . ”
They ’re back , its good for the Industry and the Internet .
We need more Ethical Hackers than the bad guys .
Hey HNN , you are welcomed .
Sources : NetworkWorld , HNN , L0 pht
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
( CNN ) -- Police seized approximately 150 birds and arrested 19 people in a Connecticut home Sunday in an investigation of alleged finch and canary fighting , the Shelton Police Department said .
Police seized cash , canaries , finches and bird cages from a home in Shelton , Connecticut .
In addition to the 150 birds -- mainly saffron finches -- police seized their cages and $ 8,000 in cash from a home in Shelton , said police Sgt. Robert Kozlowsky .
The 19 people , all originally from Brazil , are being charged with animal cruelty and illegal gambling , Kozlowsky said .
The homeowner , Jurames Goulart , 42 , was additionally charged with interfering with officers .
Shelton Police say they 've never seen or heard of this kind of bird fighting before .
" This is new to us , " Kozlowsky told CNN .
" Finches are much easier to keep under the radar than roosters because they make less noise and they would n't arouse suspicions if someone had a lot of them . "
Watch police haul away the birds »
Kozlowsky said police obtained a search warrant after a monthlong investigation and raided the home after receiving tips that an illegal fight was scheduled to take place .
Wayne Kasacek of the Connecticut Department of Agriculture , which helped remove the birds , said that at least four of the finches have eye injuries .
Saffron finches are canary - size birds native to South America .
All About Animal Cruelty • Gambling
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
State regulators shut down four banks Friday , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation said .
The bank were : First Piedmont Bank , based in Winder , Ga. ; BankFirst , based in Sioux Falls , S.D. ; Temecula Valley Bank of Temecula , Calif . ; and Vineyard Bank of Rancho Cucamonga , Calif .
Friday 's actions bring the total number of closings for 2009 to 57 .
Georgia has claimed 10 of the casualties this year , more than any other state , according to David Barr , spokesperson for the FDIC .
State regulators shut down the four small , regional banks and named the FDIC the receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with First American Bank and Trust Company , based in Athens , Ga. to take over all of the deposits of First Piedmont Bank .
As of July 6 , First Piedmont had total assets of $ 115 million and total deposits of $ 109 million .
Meanwhile , the FDIC reached an agreement with Alerus Financial , National Association , based in Grand Forks , N.D. , to assume all of the deposits of the failed bank in South Dakota .
As of April 30 , BankFirst had total assets of $ 275 million and total deposits of $ 254 million .
Alerus Financial , National Association will take over $ 72 million in assets of the failed South Dakota bank .
The FDIC will retain the remaining assets to dispose of later .
First - Citizens Bank & Trust Company , of Raleigh , N.C. , will take over Tumecula Valley 's $ 1.3 billion in deposits .
California Bank &
Trust will take over much of Vineyard 's $ 1.6 billion in deposits .
Friday 's failures will cost the FDIC fund nearly $ 1.1 billion , bringing the total cost for failed banks to $ 13.4 billion this year .
That compares with $ 17.6 billion in all of 2008 .
The FDIC , which is funded primarily by fees paid by banks , insures individual deposits up to $ 250,000 .
The number of bank failures so far in 2009 has more than doubled last year 's total of 25 .
Ever wonder what Google thinks the most competitive keywords for your website are based on your content and other SEO elements ?
There are helpful third - party tools , such as SEO Moz's , that spider your content and make recommendations for what a page is about and what terms should be targeted .
However , these are still limited in scope and still do n't give you insight into what Google actually thinks .
Google Adwords has now ended much of the guesswork by allowing Adwords users to run a report on your site that tells you possible terms to target with a Pay Per Click campaign .
This new tool is very valuable to many different marketers , ranging from people running their first Adwords campaign looking for good terms to experienced advertisers trying to devise new keywords to target .
In order to use the tool , login or create a new Google Account , if you do n't currently have one .
Once logged in , visit the Google Search Based Keyword Tool at www.google.com/sktool/, there will be an option to run a test on one of the sites associated with your account or to enter a new domain .
Google will then give you a list of the most valuable terms it associates with your site , based on the terms ' density in your content and their total number of monthly global searches .
For our site , the tool does a fairly good job .
It lists Online Content Management , Raleigh North Carolina Web Design , Web landing page , Web Design Carolina , and Great Web Design as five of the top keywords that it would be worth us running an Adwords campaign to target .
Next to each term , the tool also displays number of monthly searches , suggested CPC bid , and the main page on your site that the phrase was chosen from .
All of terms chosen by the Keyword Tool are consistent with our business , and while we are n't curretly running a Pay Per Click campaign for ourselves , we do target many of these terms through Inbound Marketing , SEO , and other techniques .
While certainly , the best longterm approach to Google is to focusing achieving high organic rankings vs. paid ads , there are definitely situations where it makes sense to buy ads online and Google has now removed some of the guesswork to building a successful campaign .
If you 're currently running an online ad campaign or exploring the possibility of launching one , I recommend checking out this helpful new tool .
Trivia
In the play and film Rosencrantz & Guildenstern are portrayed as bumblers who are trying to understand the goings - on while being slowly guided to their fate .
In Hamlet , the two are agents of the usurper , King Claudius .
Their mission is to renew their childhood acquaintance with Hamlet so that the king can spy on him , report on his madness , and relate any information that would show him to be a threat .
Shortly before Hamlet 's speech about the positive and negative capacity of man , he comes to see that his two friends are not friends after all .
Claudius then has them accompany Hamlet to England with a note to the British monarch requesting that Hamlet be killed .
Hamlet finds the letter and changes it so that Rosencrantz & Guildenstern should be killed rather than him .
The title of this film and the play it is based on , is the line from Hamlet reporting the fate of the two false friends .
See more
When Jake LaMotta steps into a boxing ring and obliterates his opponent , he 's a prizefighter .
But when he treats his family and friends the same way , he 's a ticking time bomb , ready to go off at any moment .
Though LaMotta wants his family 's love , something always seems to come between them .
Perhaps it 's his violent bouts of paranoia and jealousy .
This kind of rage helped make him a champ , but in real life , he winds up in the ring alone .
Written by alfiehitchie
Salary Salary
Topics including : Divulging salary history Entry - level salary Taking a cut Back to FAQ Categories Q " Divulging salary history "
I am in the process of looking for a new job .
One of the things I frequently see in various advertisements is a request for salary history .
I am hesitant to give out my salary history because I am looking for an increase in salary .
Also , I am not sure how to include salary history .
If I provide a prospective employer with this info , do I include it on my resume or in the cover letter ?
A
You 've brought up one of the more serious flaws in the Employment System .
Employers have no business asking for your salary history .
It 's confidential .
It has nothing to do with hiring you .
Imagine what they 'd say if you asked to see the history of salaries they 've paid for this job over the past ten years .
Or , if you were to ask the manager what his current salary is .
Sorry , Mr. Manager , but what 's good for the goose is good for the gander .
The excuse employers make is that your past salary helps them determine your experience level , it pegs your value , and it helps them establish a new salary for you .
Hogwash .
By that logic , they do n't need to interview you .
All they need is your salary history and you 're off to the races .
By using the figures other employers have used , they 'll know what their job is worth and what you are worth .
And they 'll win the lottery , too .
Salary is a judgment of value .
It 's incumbent on an employer to figure out what the job he wants done is worth , quite apart from who you are , what you 've done , or what you 've been paid before .
In the interview , the employer factors in his judgment of how you would contribute to the success of that job .
That 's how an offer should be derived .
It should n't matter what you were making at your last job , especially in a world where 17 - year - olds who were earning five bucks an hour flipping burgers last year are earning $ 40 k this year designing web pages , and where $ 100 k executives are seeking $ 50 k sales jobs .
Bottom line : when you divulge your salary history , you put yourself in a corner that 's very difficult to negotiate your way out of .
Here are my suggestions about how to deal with the " salary history " problem ...
Learn how to stop employers from using your old salary to put a cap on your new job offer ...
You 've just read a short selection of the
most widely - acclaimed Answer Kit on
Ask The Headhunter !
Now read the complete
Ask The Headhunter Answer Kit :
Keep Your Salary
Under Wraps Myth - Busting Answers For Fearless Job Hunters :
Who says your salary history is anybody 's business ?
Why does HR really want to know what you get paid ?
Can disclosing your salary cost you a big raise ?
How can you say NO ... and get the best possible offer ?
Do n't let your old salary " cap " your new job offer !
24 pages of insights and insider tips that expose , explain , and counter the methods employers use to control salary negotiations and minimize job offers .
Learn how to say NO to demands for your salary history , politely and with authority .
Prove your value , to get hired at the highest possible salary .
Keep Your Salary Under Wraps
LEARN MORE !
" I love Nick 's new Keep Your Salary Under Wraps .
It worked for me .
Nick gave me the same advice that 's in the book when I was negotiating a job offer several years ago .
Despite both the headhunter and the company insisting I disclose what I was getting paid at my old job , I stuck to my guns and I was able to double my salary .
Plus I got a signing bonus .
That would have never happened in a million years if I had caved ! " -- Bernie Dietz
The contents of this site are Copyright ( c ) 1995 - 2015 North Bridge Group LLC .
All rights reserved .
This material is for personal use only .
Republication and redissemination , including posting to news groups , is expressly prohibited without prior written consent .
Ask The Headhunter , Fearless Job Hunting , the ATH logo and other ATH titles are trademarks or registered trademarks of North Bridge Group LLC and Nick A. Corcodilos .
User agreement , legal information and disclaimer .
Visit the Ask The Headhunter Blog and sign up for your free subscription to the weekly Ask The Headhunter Newsletter .
We welcome comments and
suggestions .
Please email to
Ask The Headhunter .
