Published online 14 August 2005 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news050808-17
News
Carbon nanotubes could make for smaller circuits .
The tiny Y - shaped nanotube could mark a big step in electronics .
© P. Bandaru / UCSD / Nat. Mater .
The first electrical switch made entirely from carbon nanotubes has been unveiled .
Its inventors hope that it could help to replace silicon chips with faster , cheaper , smaller components .
The device is a Y - shaped nanotube that behaves like a transistor , such as those found in every electronic device in your home .
Current flowing from one branch to another can be switched on and off by applying a voltage to the third .
The switching is perfect - the current is either on or off , with nothing in between .
" The small size and dramatic switching behaviour of these nanotubes makes them candidates for a new class of transistor , " says Prabhakar Bandaru , a materials scientist at the University of California , San Diego , who led the team of inventors .
The scientists make their Y - shaped nanotubes by adding a titanium - iron catalyst to a pot of straight nanotubes while they are growing .
When a catalyst particle sticks to the side of a nanotube , it forms the base of a new branch , they report in Nature Materials1 .
Smaller chips , bigger leaks
Conventional transistors are built from layers of semiconducting materials , such as silicon .
Better manufacturing methods have led to ever - smaller chips , packing enormous amounts of computing power into desktop machines .
But as the components shrink , they start to leak electrical current .
This causes overheating , wastes power , and can make some switches read ' on ' when they should be ' off ' .
It seems that the silicon chip can not get much smaller .
So scientists are looking for ways to make carbon nanotubes do the same job .
These rolled up sheets of carbon atoms conduct electricity and take up a lot less room than silicon circuits , measuring just a few billionths of a metre across .
Nanotubes can also be made using cheaper chemical methods that avoid the laborious layering and etching used to make today 's circuits .
" This allows us to go for devices with much smaller size but much more complex functionalities , " explains Hongqi Xu , a physicist from Lund University in Sweden .
Build gates
Scientists have already made logic circuits using nanotubes 2, 3,4 , but these required metal ' gates ' to control the flow of charge .
Making such devices requires several steps , so it is unlikely that they could compete economically with conventional electronics , says Xu .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the gates in the new device are part of the nanotube 's structure , making it fully self - contained , explains Bandaru .
He adds that the catalyst particle sitting at the centre of the nanotube could be tweaked to change the switching properties of the device - making it switch at different voltages , for example .
The team is now trying to extend the alphabet of branched nanotubes with T - and X - shapes that could allow different functions .
" What really keeps me enthused is that there are so many possibilities , " says Bandaru .
September 20 , 2005
How to catch a mouse without a mousetrap
Humanely
I had a little friend visit my apartment the other week , and for a while there I was ready to make peace with him and co-exist .
But after I cleaned up the place and ordered pizza one night , and it crawled up the side of my chair onto the sleeve of my shirt , I knew it was time to bid farewell .
Here 's how I caught the critter :
Get a toilet paper tube and crease two lines to form a flat sided tunnel .
Put a treat on one end of the tube : A cracker and dab of peanut butter works great .
Get a tall ( at least 20 inches ) bucket .
A trash can works well .
Balance the tube precariously on the edge of a table or counter with the treat hanging directly over the tall sided receptacle .
The mouse will scurry to the treat ( they like tunnels ) and fall into the trap .
Set the fella loose at least a mile away from your abode .
Postnote :
It worked within the hour .
Also , folks have asked how this could work if you do n't have a counter or table .
Simple : get a piece of cardboard and crease it to make a ramp up to a small trashcan .
Filed in : Miscellaneous |
« The day before | The Last 10 | The day after »
Comments
don , t let children pet or touch caught mice ... they bite and carry bacteria !!!!!!
Posted by : nurse | May 1 , 2020 3:31:59 PM
I tried it and it worked !
Posted by : Eliana Colantonio | Apr 1 , 2020 4:13:51 PM
My mom found a mouse in the van that ate some of her crunch candy bar and chewed a tissue and we are using this method because I would NOT let my mom or dad kill it we are going to catch it then let it go as gently as possibly after me and my sister hold and pet it a few times or we might keep it in our old gerbil 's cage .
I love mice !
Posted by : Rachel | Nov 3 , 2016 4:56:11 PM
I hate to be " that guy , " but :
If you set up a trap specifically to catch a mouse , what would you call it ?
Answer : A MOUSE TRAP !
( I might not exactly hate being that guy . )
Posted by : Nope | Mar 6 , 2016 8:12:24 AM
Tried this with Nutella instead of peanut butter , worked just fine .
Thank you , will use again if there ever is another mouse in the kitchen !
Posted by : Vic | Feb 21 , 2016 8:29:27 PM
Chris
Thanks for this page !
I tried it out when I lived in Cameroon , in a house where mice and all kinds of insects could easily walk in and out .
I tuned your method in some way filling the bucket half with water .
I caught about 5 mice making the rest of them move out quickly the house .
The water was not really a problem as mice are tough guys : the could swim for hours in it before freeing them ....
Posted by : Frank Pinter | Feb 8 , 2016 2:38:37 AM
I went back to the comments trying to find the diseases they have and could n't find it .
Guess I will have to google it .
They sounded pretty bad .
I guess the mouse took them with them for the night ...omg .
Posted by : Georgia Peach | Sep 12 , 2015 5:32:29 AM
I just discovered a mouse in my house at 0430 am and no traps and it was on the floor not the table .. duh ... Most are not on tables .
But this one was big and fat and I wonder if it is full of babies about to drop them in my house .
OMG , Here I sat at 0515 am and scared to do anything .
But no cats either .
Wonder how it came in and I do not want those diseases you mention and dam if I will take it to a park .
What if it got out when I was driving and got away after an accident and they would never know what caused the fatality ?
Posted by : Georgia Peach | Sep 12 , 2015 5:17:20 AM
He CRAWLED up to the sleeve of your shirt , and you decided to ' say farewell ' ? ......... so after he warmed up to you and decided to coexist with you , you decided it was time to bid farewell .
its contradictory .
the least .
Posted by : do | May 22 , 2014 7:50:58 PM
Took less than 10 minutes to catch our little bugger !
I do recommend the deepest can you can get your hands on , our guy jumped 2 ' easy , but we used a " leaf & lawn " size can , so we still got him .
Thanks so much for posting this - we 're 20 miles from the nearest store & the mouse showed up at 10 o'clock at night ; it was great to use what we had on hand .
Posted by : Mindy | May 21 , 2014 12:36:39 AM
Trap set ...
Fingers crossed
Posted by : Pauline | Apr 19 , 2014 11:03:09 AM
This actually works !
Delighted !
Caught a mouse but think it was so big it might actually have been a small rat .
Our cats brought it in and played with it but it hid and we waited for it to come out but it didnt until we did this .
Tha nks so much !
Posted by : izzy | Mar 2 , 2014 3:30:15 PM
Wonder if inverting a CONE into the bucket --- like a dog " Collar of Shame " would KEEP the mouse in there ????
Works on fish and wasps etc .
And --- I get the whole " Life is sacred " thing --- I do .
I do wild animal rescue and rehab !
But -- mice can spread PLAGUE .
And KILL you .
The bubonic plague killed millions and could do this again .
They can also carry many other diseases that can kill you .
In the American Southwest this is a deadly problem and it is becoming more common as the climate changes .
Hanta virus can KILL you !
Please IF you release these make SURE they are no where NEAR anyone elses house or business --- they will be INSIDE before you get home .
And this time they will NOT be eating the stuff in the tube -=----
Posted by : Comet | Feb 3 , 2014 8:03:17 PM
Thank you soooo much - this was so simple to do and I had what I needed within easy reach ...
No trips to the hardware store !
Mouse in the bin within 2 hours and dispatched to nearest park soon after .
Must admit , carrying pink trash can in my pajamas at 4 am to local park would have looked amusing !!!
Posted by : Christy | Jan 31 , 2014 2:55:59 PM
I used to work at a garden center in New England .
Chipmunks would always eat the birdseed we sold .
I thought of a plan ( probably inadvertently stole the concept , It 's too simple to be my own ) .
This is not a no - kill solution but it worked .
Needed :
Large leaves ( paper plates would probably work too )
Bird seed
5 - gallon bucket
Fill the bucket with water and put the leaves over it .
Put the seeds on the leaves .
When the chipmunk tries to eat the seeds it drops into the bucket , the leaves keep it from getting out and it drowns .
Totally sad , yes , but totally worked .
Posted by : MR | Jan 21 , 2014 6:00:42 PM
This trap works extremely well .
I set it up & withinn an hour had a " HIT " .
Unfortunately .
the bucket was n't tall enough & the mouse jumped out .
I reset it using a tall trash can under the shelf in our pantry & have since caught 3 .
Posted by : Kean O'Neill | Jan 20 , 2014 6:09:54 PM
This trap does not work me and my husband moved into this old house and there were some mice running around we tried everything .
Finally we tried this !
The mice did not want to go in that hole in the tub .
There to smart for that .
Posted by : Becky | Nov 24 , 2013 5:00:17 PM
Thank you .
Was awake all night because a baby found its way in from the cold and kept trying to share my pillow .
Knowing they are social / emotional / intelligent , murder was not a viable alternative .
However , no sleep is not acceptable either .
This is the perfect solution to resolve the conflict .
Thank you .
Hope this link stays for all like me who need it in the future .
Posted by : sj | Oct 25 , 2013 9:54:26 AM
Thank you .
Was awake all night because a baby found its way in from the cold and kept trying to share my pillow .
Knowing they are social / emotional / intelligent , murder was not a viable alternative .
However , no sleep is not acceptable either .
This is the perfect solution to resolve the conflict .
Thank you .
Hope this link stays for all like me who need it in the future .
Posted by : sj | Oct 25 , 2013 9:54:21 AM
We call it the ' Mouse Pit '
Ok so this trap definitely works ..
Found some mice in our new home around re pantry and kitchen ; it 's an old house with lots of drawers and spare cupboards ..
So these droppings were everywhere and noises at night even saw a few but did n't know how many mice we had as we could n't catch / kill any !
We got rid of the food cleared / cleaned all the house , used fox and some other animals urine to deter em from this pet shop used the ' best ' ionic ultrasound pulsating noise sending mouse repellers cost about £ 15 a pop from eBay and ' humane ' mousetraps , all to no avail & this continued for 6 weeks ..
Then tried normal metal traps 8 in total and only caught 2 in the first night then nothing !
It really started to spoil the peace and tranquility at home because my son is terrified of mice .
Also the mice damaged the sofa as well as the carpet and we had to throw away a lot of food and constantly clean up the mess ..
So finally I made a modified version of the trap above with a longer tube that tips into the plastic bucket about 20 inches high that has an angled floor to stop the mice ' spring ' jumping out of it ..
Must have killed about 30 mice so far in the space of 2 - 3 weeks ..
Most nights there 's at least one mouse , most cought in a night =3 .
All shapes and sizes .. most are skinny and look sick ..
Might start a business selling mice to a pet shop or snake owners as killing them is such a waste !!
Seriously though , I have lost all compassion or mercy towards mice !!
Thinking of putting their heads on a chopstick or something to deter other mice , as we do n't know where they are coming in from as have blocked the entrances we could find ..
The droppings have almost gone and they have n't damaged anything since this trap was set up ..
I salute the person who came up with this idea ..
Mice are clever so we have to be cleverer !
We call it the ' Mouse Pit '
Posted by : Claire Walsh | Aug 3 , 2013 9:01:40 PM
I tried this trap in our barn with a 36 inch high trash can , but i have not caught anything .
I think a squirrel is raiding my trap because the tube was in the can but nothing else was .
I hope i can catch a mouse because i want to tame it and teach it to play basketball :D
Posted by : Samstar4ever | Jul 16 , 2013 9:47:15 AM
Just made the one with the ramp and trashcan !
Gonna wait and see .
I was going to buy a humane trap but I really want this little guy out now !
We saved him from the neighbors cat and the little bugger got out of our extra mouse cage .
Our first rescued mouse is our pet !
We wanted to make sure he was n't injured and we were going to let him go .
He is n't friendly like our found mouse who jumped in my hand in the middle of the road !
Boyfriend says he will never do this again .
The wild mice are on their own .
We saved a bat too but got him to the bat rescue !
Posted by : Kathy | Jun 1 , 2013 12:59:36 PM
This is so crazy that I can't make this up .
My mom walked into my room & said we have mice in our cabinets .
I quickly looked online because I remember using a trash can before to catch a mouse in the past .
I came across this page & asked if had a toilet paper roll .
I ran down into the kitchen set up the trash can , toilet paper roll , a little bit of peanut butter & turned off the lights .
15 mins later !!!!!
I heard a noise & ran down into the kitchen then yelled up to my mom , " I caught one ! "
We sat in the kitchen for a little bit & heard another one walking around in the cabinet & would n't you know we watched as he crawled through the tube & watched as it fell into the trash can .
That 's two mice within 45 mins .
We ended up driving 2 miles away & released them at a community park .
When I read that it works within the hour I must admit I was thinking ok the probability this will work is likely to be high .
Never thought it would work so fast .
Posted by : Jeane | May 1 , 2013 12:31:24 AM
Im going to set the trap up tonite but i wont be releasing the Vermin so he can go to someone elses House and cause them Grief , im going to squash the bastard !!!!!
Posted by : Rick | Apr 26 , 2013 6:32:02 AM
First attempt he jumped out .
Ate the bait and left some poops in the can .
Tried using the can / PB method but I guess this mouse does not like PB .
3rd attempt he was able to grab the counter as the tube fell .
4th attempt today .
Braced the tube this time and sprayed pam near the top of the bucket .
If this fails I will just fill the bucket with a little water so he cannot jump .
Posted by : Max | Mar 22 , 2013 12:54:25 PM
Cat just brought a mouse in and it got away and am 99 % sure it is in the guest room now .
So I made this with two soda 12 - packs and the trash can and closed the door to the room .
Will check on it in an hour or so .
Hope it works .
Do n't want the cat ( who is shut out doors until i resolve this ) catching it .
Posted by : Ian | Mar 15 , 2013 12:06:17 AM
Thank you SO much !
Worked fabulously first time :)
Posted by : Wendy - Li | Mar 12 , 2013 4:28:38 AM
if the mice can jump out of the bin try putting an inch of water in the bottom .
Not enough so that it will drown but enough so that it cant jump high .
Posted by : Peter | Mar 6 , 2013 6:38:00 AM
OK , just wondering , who are these people that dont have a counter or table ????
Posted by : DLJohn | Mar 3 , 2013 7:46:27 PM
Thanks so much for this article .
We have tried for a week or so to catch our mouse ( maybe mice ) , using the snap traps and little box traps .
We set this up last night and immediately caught one .
This is a much better idea and greatly welcomed .
I feel like we are getting somewhere now .
Posted by : Chelle | Mar 3 , 2013 4:11:27 AM
Getting rid of mice is very difficult .
But not impossible .
Effective technique and pesticide can do the job quite easier .
I mostly depend on poison bait for controlling mice infestation .
By the way thanks for sharing this article .
Posted by : Faysal | Feb 27 , 2013 1:13:19 AM
lived in an old house and mice came in when it got cold .
They got into my pantry and were chewing boxes and I had no trap so smeared peanut butter about six inches down a trash can and sat it by the pantry .
I had three mice in the morning
Posted by : Jim McFalls | Feb 24 , 2013 4:19:30 PM
Caught a mouse , I let it go at the park , as I walked off , I looed back , a bird " Magpie " had caught the poor mouse .
Posted by : james | Feb 23 , 2013 5:38:48 PM
Update : I had that really smart mouse that avoided the normal hardware store humane traps and could also apparently jump out of my 20 " slippery metal trash can ( we named him " Harry Houdini " ) .
After he fell in there once a few days ago , I changed the design of the trap so he probably would n't have been able to jump out anymore .
He still came up the ramp to collect little nuts I had put there to lure him up again after the first time he fell in the trash can - but of course he never went into the paper roll again .
So I ended up taking the whole contraption apart and instead , putting this trap up :
http://www.amazon.com/Device-Reusable-Humane-Multi-Catch-Mouse/dp/B009Y63YGI
And while it took a few days , last night he finally went in .
Ate the bait ( which was a piece of pita chip smeared with peanut butter ) and then tried to get out ; I woke up from the little clattering noises of Mousy trying to open the trap doors .
Took a proof picture and drove him about two miles away across a six - lane Highways into a park and set him free into a very thick , large patch of underbrush .
TRIUMPH AT LAST !
And now my mother is giving me shit about how I probably deprived a whole batch of baby mice of their Mom or Dad and how they would now all starve to death ... well , I 'm putting my trap up again , if they walk in , they will be released at the same spot as Harry Houdini and they 'll have every chance at a fulfilled mouse life outside of my house .
If they do n't walk in , well ...
Posted by : Julia | Feb 20 , 2013 12:05:32 PM
And remeber to put the peanut butter at the far end of the box , otherwise he will eat it and get back out , being as fast as thought !
Also remember that mice will eat the cardboard box too in no time , to get out , so no use leaving it all night .
You have to get rid of it , as soon as you 've caught the little bugger .
Posted by : Vibes | Feb 18 , 2013 11:23:18 PM
The only useful thing here for me , as I was in a rush to catch the mouse , was that mice like peanut butter , which I used as bait , till he got in my cardboard box , and I quickly shut the hole .
I added a glass celieng to the box , so I could see him inside .
The above examples only apply if your mouse is ON your table , but what if , as usual , he is UNDER the table , on ground floor !
Thanks for the humane tips here , and do n't forget , mice are VERY fast .
Posted by : Vibes | Feb 18 , 2013 9:13:00 PM
Attempt # 1
Mickey went for the trap but was able to escape our trash can .
In the garbage can , I saw the TP tube , some bait and poop .
I could n't understand how he got out .
The mouse is so small .
Bait : dry pasta
Attempt # 2
Set the trap @ 10 PM with a taller bin .
Checked in the morning and I thought it was another failed attempt until my husband checked 20 minutes and saw the tail sticking out of the tube .
He was just hiding !
Watching him in the bin , I realized how he got out the first time .
He can jump almost 8 x it 's height .
Bait : Cookie w/ peanut butter .
Tip : I placed 2 small jars on each side of the TP tube in case the mouse accidentally knocked it over .
Thank you !
I feel quite accomplished .
Posted by : angie | Feb 14 , 2013 12:54:03 PM
First attempt failed ...
I started with a hunk of bread but thought better of it and went out for some Jif creamy .
That got his attention withing 30 minutes .
I 'm guessing he fell into the trashcan but then jumped out .
Its 22 " high - might have an Olympic class mouse .
Reset. 2nd attempt .
Posted by : Tyler | Feb 12 , 2013 9:39:42 PM
Set the " ramp method trap " up a few days ago after weeks of completely unsuccessful mouse hunting with commercial humane traps .
Woke up to a loud " KLONK " last night around 4 am .
Went downstairs to check , and FINALLY , there he was caught ( well , one of them , at least ) , cute as a button , and very plump .
Looking slightly confused .
Mouse , not me .
Me , proud hunter that I was , I ran upstairs to go grab my phone to take a PROOF PICTURE for the out - of - town boyfriend .
Coming back down like 40 seconds later - guess who looked confused at the sight of the ... eeeer ... EMPTY trash can .
ME , not mouse !
Because mouse was probably laughing his little mousey ass off in some dark corner that he had just escaped to .
How the HELL he got of the totally sleek metal trash can , that 's about 20 inches high ... I HAVE NO IDEA ... must have jumped .
So .
Mouse .
War is ON , just so you know !
I need to change the design a bit , as I do n't have a higher trash can ( since I need my actual trash can for its actual purpose ) .
Posted by : Julia | Feb 12 , 2013 6:33:12 PM
This is awesome .
I 've never experienced mice in my life and I thought maybe I had one mouse in my house .
I 've caught four in twenty minutes of setting up the same trap consecutively .
I 'm pretty sure I have an infestation .
But thank you so much .
+1 for Peanut Butter on the end of the roll .
Posted by : Mike | Feb 12 , 2013 2:42:43 AM
Fakeer , I drew this on an envelope with a pen then scanned it in .
Posted by : Glass | Feb 11 , 2013 11:33:21 AM
As i sit here waiting , with anticipation , in complete darkness and silence , i cant help but ponder the struggles of my furry little nemesis .
The fact that im on the 8th floor of my building alone is astounding .
it almost kills me walking all those stairs so how he managed i dont know .
Then theres the fact that ive been trying to poison him him for a week , unsucessfully i might add .
the little bugger seems to be immune to rentokil .
so ive built myself your ramp trap ( but had to use some spring roll due to lack of peanut butter ) to catch him .
i then plan to release him 1 mile away from the top of clifton suspension bridge .
Posted by : rick daglas MD | Feb 9 , 2013 6:40:03 PM
I actually like the drawings .
Did you sketch on a Wacom tablet ?
Of course , the skill is greater than the tool .
Posted by : Fakeer | Feb 8 , 2013 8:41:51 PM
So glad I came across this brilliant idea , found a mouse in our house tonight , quickly put together the trap and within an hour there he was in the bucket !
Thank you so much , would much rather keep them alive !
Posted by : Jackchertsey | Feb 2 , 2013 6:54:28 PM
Catch and release ?
Yeah I do too .
I release then in my chicken coop .
The girls say yum yum .
Posted by : monty | Feb 2 , 2013 1:46:53 PM
I will be using this today .... I woke up to a grey fuzzy face in my bed ....
Posted by : ohhnoooo | Jan 27 , 2013 8:27:50 AM
If you 're having problems with the mouse pulling the cardboard onto the bench , tape a wine bottle ( or other large glass bottle ) to the bench with the top hanging out over the bucket .
Put the bait on the end of the bottle ( peanut butter works best as it stays there ) and oil up the neck of the bottle with oil , cooking spray or butter .
The mouse goes out to get the bait , and slips into the bucket !
Posted by : Ness | Jan 27 , 2013 8:17:13 AM
GENIUS !
I 've been trying to catch this mouse for several days in a standard humane trap but every night it took the food without getting caught .
This worked a treat ( used kitchen roll tube ) .
THANK YOU
Posted by : Sara | Jan 16 , 2013 4:37:51 AM
After reading the comments about mice pulling the tube back onto the table or down the ramp and getting the bait , I 've come up with a solution with I think will work - fold out a paper clip to make an L - shape .
Make a hole in the bottom of the tube , just off centre .
Slide the short end of the L into the tube from the other end , and guide it into the hole using two fingers of the other hand through the other end of the tube .
Then tape down the long end of the L inside the tube .
This should stop the mouse from being able to pull the tube back over the edge of the table .
My tube would not balance , so I also taped an old cell battery inside the end on the table .
I 'll update if it worked or not .
Posted by : Jim | Jan 12 , 2013 11:34:52 AM
This method worked well for me .
However , toilet roll may be too short so try using empty kitchen roll instead as it is longer and increases the likelihood of success .
Posted by : Peter Duffy | Dec 31 , 2012 9:47:32 PM
Thx .
For ur idea but it did n't work i have to sleep in the guest room who knows till when I find the right sulition it's hard but I 'm gonna go for it xxx from kimmy
Posted by : Kimberly | Dec 28 , 2012 10:56:51 PM
Thank you .
Used a Christmas cookie last night and let it out in wooded area today !
Posted by : Merry mousemas | Dec 26 , 2012 9:51:26 PM
thx this worked well !
we have mice everywhere in our community and for some reason they always end up at our house ... anyways they come up on our deck and come in through our fireplace they dug a hole through it .
ive always wanted a pet and i had a hamster cage that one of my family members used to own , so when i caught the guy i filled up the water bottle took it along with some cheese and stuck em in the cage along with my mouse .
i now have three four mice , sugar , jasmine , nutmeg , and cocoa , along with the other mice i caught i built a tiny house fit for mice put it in our local park and continue to put mice in it everyday , i would suggest to do this because it is good .
just put one cracker barrel bar of cheese or other type of cheese bars in the house , it should last about three to five days .
you should also put three bottles of water a day in there .
dont forget to put more in time to time or they will die .
also remember that you will need to put more stuff in according to how much mice you get .
once again thx !!!
Posted by : jacelyn | Dec 26 , 2012 7:07:56 PM
Thank you for this post .
I had a mouse that evaded me for 3 days , Little blighter !
I read your post last night and set about making the trap .
I was disappointed when I found it empty this morning .
I checked the trap all day and then this evening there it was sat happily in the bottom of the bin eating itself stupid .
It has now been released away from the house .
I have reset the trap in case there is another ( Hope not )
Thanks again :o )
Posted by : Tracey | Dec 19 , 2012 6:44:44 PM
I have 2 mice in my house please tell me how to caych em cuz the go all around the traps I have im thinkin bout puttin roast beef om the ttaps sumbody hp me I dont like mice
Posted by : wanda | Dec 18 , 2012 6:54:07 AM
TO THE pEOPLE USING THIS TRAP .
PLEASE STOP RELEASING THE MICE NEAR MY HOUSE .
I'M ABOUT TO GO CRAZY
Posted by : LUIS | Dec 17 , 2012 11:02:05 AM
Fantastic !
After a month of trying out 3 tin traps ( at a cost of about $ 70 ) I had caught exactly zero mice .
On the first night of setting this up I had actually caught 2 mice at the same time in a single roll !
I 've now relocated about 12 mice - just a few fiendish ones to get now ...
Posted by : happytrapper | Nov 29 , 2012 2:58:20 PM
Just something of note to those asking about using things like carrots or other similar foods : I would avoid doing so .
The mouse may end up choking to death on a big hard piece of vegetable like that .
You could try placing a roasted pumpkin seed in the tube as an alternative .
Posted by : Drawberry | Nov 27 , 2012 7:21:10 PM
Tried it ...
My mouse was too smart for this he pulled the tp tube fully onto the counter twice and got the pb out .
I brought a humane trap but if he goes for the other two traps he 's getting snapped .
I 'd rather not deal with a dead mouse but atleast it will be dead and not squirming on a glue trap .
Posted by : Tyra | Nov 23 , 2012 2:30:38 PM
THANK YOU SOOOOOOOOOO MUCH !!!
We had one that got into our stove we set up this trap and within a few hours he was in the empty trash bin and is now outside .
This was helpful and does work .
Posted by : Jamie | Nov 22 , 2012 11:29:49 AM
Omg gotta try this I gotta mouse how is fond of cooking sheets after I cook somthing on it he ( I think ) every night he is on nom noming on the crispy bits ugg he is soo messy and soo loud !
Posted by : OmNomNom | Nov 21 , 2012 12:14:25 AM
About to try .
I had rescued a baby mouse yesterday and lost him >.> but she is still in my room because I left peanut butter bait and he is eating it when I 'm not there .
Posted by : Maya | Nov 18 , 2012 3:58:39 PM
It did n't work we lost to bin bags of food and we had to use old fashion traps and kill them
Posted by : Cal | Nov 8 , 2012 12:39:29 AM
Mouse traps are one of the most effective ways to capture mice and ultimately eradicate the mouse infestation that has invaded your home .
Before professionals choose poisons and products with toxic chemicals , they will choose traps to honor the safety of your home .
Not only are traps effective in mouse control , but mouse traps are economical in that they do not cost a lot of money to buyTo .
Posted by : traps mouse | Nov 5 , 2012 2:49:33 AM
Just about to try it
Wish me LUCK !!
Posted by : Cal | Nov 4 , 2012 5:36:47 PM
Left out for a couple of hours .
The mouse is now in the local park !
Posted by : Miz | Nov 4 , 2012 7:49:30 AM
I 'm planning on using your method tomorrow , this poor little mouse must be terrified .
I do n't believe in killing an innocent mouse that got stuck in my house .
Hopefully this works , wish me luck !
Posted by : Patty | Oct 25 , 2012 8:25:14 PM
So glad to find this page .
I was looking to find another no -kill trap .
I have a holey house so it 's really a mouse house rather than mine .
I can't move and I can't be buddhist about living with them .
I 've trapped alot in a no-kill trap and then set them free into a wooded area far from my house .
But I 'm going to try this .
I 've gotten good results with peanut butter but will try the jerky .
Also I learned that mice can die very quickly without water ( and in some cases people drowning them ) so if you have to wait for hours to return them alive to the wild - a bottle top of water should be in the bin .
In my case I have a great mouser cat living with me and he always alerts me to the fact by bringing it to me much alive .
He does n't ever kill them .
Then I take over the trapping process .
It 's worked pretty well and I 'm working on fixing up all the holes .
Since moving in 1989 I think I caught and released about 25 mice but they use to just stay in my attic .
Thanks for the diy and all the comments and tips .
Posted by : Nancy | Oct 19 , 2012 10:07:06 AM
Hi guys I gave this Mouse trap a try lastnight simply because the live traps I bought have had no success at all anyways I set the DIY trap up and returned the following morning to find that the tube was gone so I assumed I had caught my 1st Mouse however upon inspection of the box it was empty , completely empty !
the cheeky little sod was too clever and was not fooled and instead of entering the tube it opted to drag it down the ramp and under the tv cabinet to enjoy it 's spoils !
despite failing in capturing said Mouse I must admit I tip my hat to the little fella
I 'll try again tonight but with a modified version
Posted by : Mouse | Oct 16 , 2012 2:09:04 PM
would carrot work ?
Posted by : Marla | Sep 28 , 2012 2:07:55 AM
This worked amazingly well and quickly , too .
I used a few bits of a raspberry to tempt my little guy .
He seemed a bit confused when I let him go outside .
Thank you !
Posted by : Jenne | Sep 17 , 2012 11:39:08 PM
This is the first time I have had mice living in my house since I was a child .
At first I thought I would have to go buy poison or traps but since I have been out of work I have been looking for more ' homemade ' ideas .
I just set the trap ; 9:50 am , Thursday , Sept 13 , 2012 .
Let 's see how long this takes .
My little mouse or mice , not sure , is pretty brave .
Coming from the living room behind the couch into the dining area and then on to the kitchen during the day while I am sitting at the table sewing or crafting .
Yesterday we had a fight , he wanted to go into the kitchen and I kept seeing him and making a noise made him go back .
We did this several times until i guess I missed it or he gave up .
I 'm pretty sure he did n't give up .
Update when I catch him .
Thanks for posting the idea .
A thank you everyone for posting your updates !
Posted by : Tina Boyd | Sep 13 , 2012 10:55:41 AM
I had a little friend ( means the mouse ) over at my house he chewed a whole tip
Of the door frame we flipped the bed over and moved everything to the bathroom it was crazyyy thanks for the tip :)
Posted by : Gggg | Sep 8 , 2012 12:19:35 PM
great idea gonna try it
Posted by : @3:8@:1 | Sep 4 , 2012 4:15:05 PM
hey so i have a hamster and so obviously i have food ... well this little mouse has been around getting in to my hamsters food a few nights ago i thought i heard something but wasnt sure .. i had my light off but looked anyways and i thought i saw something very small and dark colored run across the nightstand where my hamster was and down under my bed ... i didnt do anything about it or say anything to my parents ... then a few times tonight i heard it and saw it for sure so i found this and i gotta say its a great idea i just hope hes not to smart since i know he saw me looking around for him and setting it all up ... either way thank you so much (:
Posted by : courtney | Aug 27 , 2012 12:47:05 AM
I did this last night .
I lined the inside end with peanut butter and set a 2ft tall plastic bin under it ( no liner ) .
This morning , tube is in the bin and nothing in the bin .
Two droppings inside .
Its black , short grain rice looking and hard .
Is this mice ?
How the heck did it climb out ?
Posted by : Robert | Aug 18 , 2012 9:43:57 AM
I just had to leave a comment because if it was n't for you I would still be living with those nasty mice .
I set up the trap you recommended and have caught 3 mice in three days .
Thank you soooo much !
Posted by : cleanfreak | Aug 14 , 2012 9:08:50 AM
How do you get the mouse on the counter ?
Posted by : Carlos | Aug 13 , 2012 4:46:40 PM
Amazing !!!!!
I thing that this really will work here is the story .
So my friend got a mouse from a pet store .
The mouse got lose , and he started scaring everyone .
The mouse started to eat punut butter , jelly , crackers and grapes .
It was a pain .
Now all of that is going to go away !!!!!!!.
Posted by : Tara | Aug 11 , 2012 2:34:46 PM
Seriously amazing !
I set out some glue traps tonight because I recently discovered I had a mouse .
While watching my little " friend " walk around them I researched and found this .
Thank you !
I set it up and started reading the comments lol im not even finished reading them yet and I already caught my mouse .
I set it up again because after hearing other people 's stories I imagine there is more than one .
Genius !!!!!!
Posted by : Kaila | Aug 8 , 2012 11:27:47 PM
This does work if you stick with it and maybe modify slightly .
Initially I put the toilet paper roll on the edge of the counter and weighed it down with a couple coins , but the mouse took it upon his or herself to spin the toilet paper roll around towards itself , ate the peanut butter , and , of course , pooped for good measure .
The next night my wife suggested we very weakly tape the roll to the counter with some electrical tape .
This forced the mouse to actually enter the tunnel to get the treat , and its weight was enough to break the hold of the weak tape , and we caught it very easily .
It 's an excellent , no muss no fuss trap if you only get mice in your house once in a while , and do n't like dealing with traps and gore .
Posted by : Jeremy | Aug 7 , 2012 2:51:38 PM
Just wanted to let you know if you ever catch a mouse or anything on a glue board , use olive oil to release it .
It works reall well .
Also , will work if you step on a blue board .
Use Olive Oil .
Posted by : C- Mouse | Jul 26 , 2012 8:02:34 PM
Guys ..
I saw a mouse on a Wednesday , following Saturday saw poop , and chewed up bags ...
Did a good clean up .
Sunday , more food bags attacked .
Monday , pest control came , spread traps around , and did catch anything .
Tuesday night
Ive set up Chris " trash can / tube / peanut butter " - genius idea .
We got the he / she bastard .
Saturday , found out that the bastard WAS a she - how ?
Saw 2 crawling / closed eyed babies on the kitchen floor .
Got everything out of that cabinet , and found 2 more babies - and their nest .
The mom made her nest in a mexican runner ( in the trash now ) ...
Moral of the story : if you have a hungry mouse , she may be eating to feed her babies .
After an OCD clean up session , no more signs of droppings anywhere in the kitchen .
Going to buy plastic bins to put all my table cloths , towels , linens or anything that could be used for nesting .
Posted by : mousemad | Jul 23 , 2012 10:55:06 AM
FYI
I also never saw a mouse dropping , until I started cleaning really well after I killed that mouse .
I followed along the wall , using carpet cleaner and bleach on walls .
I opened my coat closet and there they were , but only about 7 - 8 droppings .
So after I cleaned , I started checking and there 's 1 area he was getting into my main house .
You would 've never guessed , it was n't a hole , just a 2 inch wide and maybe 1 / 4 inch high if that , in the corner .
Almost like the carpenter did n't mind his measurment was a little off , it was a coat closet , who would ever see it ?!?!
Well I 'll tell ya who saw it , THAT MOUSE , thats who ...
LOL
Posted by : Em " The Mighty Mouse Hunter " | Jul 19 , 2012 7:05:27 AM
Here 's A " BAIT IDEA "
I started spotting a mouse about a week ago , was able to corner it and yes I shot it .
I have 2 kids , 1 small , also single mom and didnt have much choice at the time .
But I just seen another today , so I know there is probably more .
I came across this site while doing research to get rid of problem .
I 'm not trying to sit and hunt them down 1 by 1 , haha .
Gonna try this first thing today , and I 'll let u knw how it works .
But I wanted to pass on some advice I got from few people as what to use for bait .
I hade 4 people tell me beef jerky , or better yet " slim jims " was the best and only bait they use .
This lady said she just caught 50 , she moved into a new / old house
And they have 4 CATS , but this was previous owner problem , she used " slim jims " and caught 50 in 1 week .
and hasnt had any problems since .
They closed up all the holes and cracks with wire mesh or steel wool pads u use to clean with .
So hope this might help lure your mice into the tube / traps .
She used the old slap traps with that bait .
FYI
** Remember you have to fill in and close of any way for the mice to get in .
As u get rid of them , follow there dropping , usually there will be an area with a concentrated poop and if you look real close , you will find a tiny crack and thats where they r coming in from the walls .
So start there , then move outside / under house / basement , that my problem .
they keep coming in where holes are drilled through brick in my basement for piping to come into mechanical needs .
I tried caulk but it weathered , shrink in winter .
Then they chewed insulation from around pipes and squeezed in .
But I 'm gonna use steel wool and wire meshing .
I 'll keep u posted on what works and if I fish any mice this week .
I 'm a great fisherman , so i think I 'll gettem .
GOODLUCK EVERYONE ...
Posted by : Em " The Mighty Mouse Hunter " | Jul 19 , 2012 6:48:25 AM
Called pest control , set traps , glue traps , nothing ...
After losing lots of food to this ( hopefully just one ) ... I set the bucket / tube , and ....... Caught the bastard ..
tks
Posted by : mlima | Jul 18 , 2012 9:58:41 AM
There 's one in my grandmas den right now , gnawing in between the walls .
I 'm trying to sleep and am very tempted to shout " sod off ! " .
Time to lay back with loud music and hope this bucket plan catches the furry little bugger ... (- _-)
`
Posted by : Moony | Jul 17 , 2012 3:28:16 AM
Should n't of posted this as the smart people ( like yourself ) who have the intelligence to value life will think of a way to get the mouse out by themselves .
Only the dumb fucks will use this to trap and kill the mouse since they have the brain capacity of a cat .
Posted by : Bratman | Jul 13 , 2012 4:07:25 PM
I often wonder if this will happen to me one day as I meander down the aircraft boarding tunnel
Posted by : Ty Tower | Jul 12 , 2012 3:59:12 AM
Just saying to Bert ( the first comment ) ...
I hope you drown just like the mouse / mice you drowned .
You are an ignorant dick who stupidly thinks we are above mice .
Once again , I hope you die a horrible , slow , painful death .
Posted by : Kiara | Jul 11 , 2012 4:43:35 AM
To prevent them from jumping , just fill the bucket one foot high with water .
Cant jump and drowns then .
After so much damage experienced , absolutely no mercy .
If you catch a VD will you just take meds until the bacteria are dizzy then spread them to your neighbors ?
Total extermination rulez !
Posted by : bert | Jul 9 , 2012 6:47:58 AM
I set up the trap and i hope it works because I really want to see if my 3 year old brother really is seeing mice in our barn and i hope he is n't scared of them because he wants to keep it for a pet .
10 mins later we went out there and he saw want was at the bottom of the bucket and he and I were amazed me mostly because he was really seeing mice out their ..... there were TWO mice in the bottom he called them Fuzzy 1 and Fuzzy 2 .
Posted by : K.J.O | Jul 8 , 2012 4:53:20 PM
it really worked fine , got 4 in a row !
the only problem is , if one escapes , forget it !
The mice " talk between themselves " and they dònt fall in the trap anymore ...
Posted by : aldo | Jun 30 , 2012 6:04:55 AM
I KNOW PEANUT BUTTER WORKS ABOUT BEST , THINK THAT BALANCE TRAP IS AWESOME IDEA , HATE KILLING ANY ANIMAL , PEST OR NOT , STICKY TRAPS WORK BUT WHERE YOUR GO WHEN YOU GOT A LIVE MOUSE STUCK IN IT , QUESS YOU COULD CUT OUT CARDBOARD AROUND FEET AND TURN LOOSE IN WINTER , THERE ARE SNOW SHOE RABBITS , NOW WE HAVE SNOWSHOE MICE , THATS CALLED EVOLUTION
Posted by : KERRY | Jun 29 , 2012 7:23:09 PM
We caught him in 1 - 2 mins but we just spooked him into it but when we went to tell our aunt he scurried away so you need a tall bucket but we didnt need foot just scare him into it
Posted by : Ryan+willie | Jun 29 , 2012 4:30:22 AM
wow , after 2 hours of setting this up OUTSIDE we had caught our mouse and dispatched it to 2 miles away near to the canal - thanks massively , Janet
Posted by : janet huyton | Jun 28 , 2012 5:05:12 PM
Daughter and I tried it while staying in cabin w / family .
It worked !
Great
idea .
Thanks for posting .
Posted by : rick garcia | Jun 26 , 2012 7:45:33 PM
I have one running around in my drop ceiling and didnt want to kill it .
Opened a panel put a roll up there with a big garbage can underneath .
waiting to hear a plop .
This is perfect thank you .
Posted by : Leo | Jun 22 , 2012 1:06:23 AM
I do n't want to release !
I 'm setting snap traps at the bottom of the bucket !!
Posted by : LC | Jun 19 , 2012 1:23:26 AM
I am going to try this and see how it works .
My concern is having to build a ramp since I would n't need it on the countertop .
I dont know why there are people on here trying to drown the mice , that is incredibly cruel .
I also suggest NOT using peanut butter , the peanut butter gets stuck to the mouses throat and eventually kills them , this is what I have read , so of you are trying to catch this mouse in the kind and compassionate way then I would recommend cereal or something like that , that will not get lodged in their throat .
Posted by : Laura | Jun 17 , 2012 12:06:24 PM
Flight 358 from Paris burned for more than two hours after the crash landing in bad weather at 1603 ( 2003 GMT ) .
" We were really , really scared the plane would blow up , " passenger Olivier Dubois told a Canadian TV station .
The accident was the first major crash of an Airbus A340 - 300 since the model 's first flight in October 1991 .
The accident took place in heavy rain near Highway 401 , one of Canada 's busiest motorways , and emergency vehicles raced to the scene .
Some 24 people aboard the plane were treated for minor injuries , officials said .
Roel Bramar , a passenger on the plane , told Canada 's CBC broadcaster that there was mayhem aboard the airliner after the impact .
" I was at the very end , and second off the plane .
I was just running like crazy .
There was quite a bit of fire on the ground . "
Several witnesses said they thought the plane had been struck by lightning as the power went out just before the plane landed .
First accident
The plane crashed through barriers and fell into a small ravine , tail in the air .
It overshot the runway by some 200 m ( 660 ft ) , Steve Shaw of the Greater Toronto Airport Authority told reporters at a hastily organised news conference .
Mr Shaw said it appeared that all the passengers were evacuated before the plane was " heavily damaged by fire " .
One witness said rescue workers got to the airliner within 50 seconds .
Mr Shaw said the airport had been under a " red alert " since midday Tuesday because of danger of lightning .
" There was quite a downpour , " CBC journalist John Finday said .
" The visibility was really bad , with lots of lightning . "
The A340 has an excellent safety record - with no crashes reported before Tuesday , aircraft expert David Learmount told the BBC .
" Modern airliners are like that .
They do n't have accidents .
If this one has had an accident it 's the first . "
Mayhem
Mr Dubois told CTV that the plane " was going pretty fast " just before the landing .
He said suddenly " it was all black in the plane , there was no more light " .
" And then we went off the runway , we were in the ravine and the plane was continuing rolling on the ravine and then there were a lot of flames .
" The plane stopped .
We opened the emergency doors and basically there were lots of flames around .
" We were really , really scared that the plane would blow up ...
We just tried to escape , sliding from the plane and running in the countryside , " Mr Dubois said .
Are you interested in cars ?
If you want to learn how to drive , sign up for driver education classes .
Learning how to drive is important ; by taking driving lessons you are bettering your chance of getting your license .
Driver education is good for everyone ; teenagers and those who have been driving for years .
Sign up today for drivers education !
Narus is a private company founded in 1997 by Ori Cohen , who had been in charge of technology development for VDONet , an early media streaming pioneer .
It has venture funding from an all - star team of investors including JP Morgan Partners , Mayfield , NeoCarta , Presidio Venture Partners , Walden International , Intel , NTT Software and Sumisho Electronics .
Of note is that while Hoover 's company factsheet on Narus continues to list Mr. Cohen as Chairman , while Narus 's own website listing of the Board of Directors no longer mentions Mr. Cohen .
Prior to 9/11 Narus worked on building carrier - grade tools to analyze IP network traffic for billing purposes , to prevent what they term " revenue leakage " .
Post - 9/11 they have continued down that path while adding more semantic monitoring abilities for surveillance purposes .
They even brought in former Deputy Director of the NSA William P. Crowell as an addition to their Board of Directors .
From the Press Release announcing this :
Crowell is an independent security consultant and holds several board positions with a variety of technology and technology - based security companies .
Since 9/11 , Crowell has served on the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) Task Force on Terrorism and Deterrence , the National Research Council Committee on Science and Technology for Countering Terrorism and the Markle Foundation Task Force on National Security in the Information Age .
His past positions have included president and chief executive officer of Cylink , a leading provider of e-business security solutions , as well as a series of senior positions at the National Security Agency , including deputy director of operations and deputy director of the Agency .
Crowell has served as chairman of the President 's Export Council ( PEC ) Subcommittee on Encryption , which worked with the Administration , Congress and private industry to substantially loosen restrictions on the export of encryption products and technology .
" Narus has an impressive track record of working with tier - one carriers to keep their networks running safely , continuously and profitably , " said William Crowell .
" I look forward to helping Narus as they forge new strategic partnerships and continue to break new ground in the telecommunications industry . "
So these guys ( 1 ) build hugely cool network monitoring devices and ( 2 ) are tied into US ( at least ) national security organizations at the highest levels .
What are these hugely cool machines capable of ?
From the Key Features list of NarusInsight
- Universal data collection from links , routers , soft switches , IDS / IPS , databases , etc. provides total network view across the world 's largest IP networks .
- Normalization , Correlation , Aggregation and Analysis provide a comprehensive and detailed model of user , element , protocol , application and network behaviors , in real time .
- Seven 9s reliability from data collection to data processing and analysis .
- Industry - leading packet processing performance that supports network speeds of up to OC - 192 at layer 4 and OC - 48 at layer 7 , enabling carriers to monitor traffic at either the edge of the network or at the core .
- Unsurpassed and limitless scalability to support the world 's largest , most complex IP networks .
- Unparalleled flexibility -- NarusInsight 's functionality can easily be configured to meet any specific customer requirement ( Narus Software Developer Kit - SDK ) .
- Unparalleled extensibility -- NarusInsight 's functionality can easily be configured to feed a particular activity or IP service such as security , lawful intercept or even Skype detection and blocking .
How powerful is this ?
OC - 192 carries about 10 gigabits of data per second .
Ten billion bits per second , monitored in real - time .
That is stunning .
This is one damned powerful machine , one of the most powerful I 've ever heard of in 25 years in IT .
And what does it monitor while looking at this 10 billion bits of IP data per second ?
First lets take a look at what the network model is , the OSI model of seven layers .
NarusInsight focuses on two layers : number four , the transport layer , built on standards like TCP and UDP , the physical building blocks of internet data traffic , and number seven , the application layer , built on standards like HTTP and FTP , which are dependent on the application using them , i.e. Internet Explorer , Kazaa , Skype , etc .
It monitors 10 billion bits per second at level four and 2500 million bits per second at level seven .
For reference , the 256K DSL line I am using equals .25 million bits per second .
So one NarusInsight machine can look at about 39,000 DSL lines at once in great detail .
That is a pretty damn big number .
This is some really serious hardware with equally serious software .
Which is our next subject .
So what exactly is done to and with this data ?
That 's kind of a grey area , so let 's try to find what we can .
The starting point is called the Internet Protocol Detail Record , which Narus helped found .
From that FAQ I just linked to , we learn that
IPDR stands for the Internet Protocol Detail Record , the name comes from the traditional telecom term CDR ( Call Detail Record ) , used to record information about usage activity within the telecom infrastructure ( such as a call completion ) .
NDM -U stands for Network Data Management - Usage .
It refers to a functional operation within the Telecom Management Forum 's Telecom Operations Map .
The NDM function collects data from devices and services in a service providers network .
Usage refers to the type of data which is the focus of this document .
IPDR.org is the non-profit organization that promotes use of the IPDR NDM-U and other related standards .
The principle deliverable for IPDR.org is the NDM - U specification and related development tools .
IPDR.org has been in existence since 1999 and more than a dozen vendors have actual IPDR implementations " etched in code " .
Their systems are actually able to talk to each other and interoperate .
Version 2.5 and up of the NDM - U represents a stable basis for development .
IPDR.org 's Interoperability Pavilion is a working demonstration of multiple companies exchanging service usage data in that format .
In an effort to provide more complex network traffic analysis , Narus is introducing its semantic network traffic service .
The company cites research which predicts the fast - growing ISP sector will become stagnant without the ability to offer differentiated services .
In order to gain significant revenues from these services , a technology was necessary to allow usage based pricing .
" We realized that , at the heart of the data that is needed to accurately measure usage and enable ' pay - as - you - go ' business models for Internet service providers , is what we call the ' semantics ' of network traffic , " said Ori Cohen , Narus ' founder and chief executive officer .
" In short , by seeing the ' semantics ' of network traffic , service providers can see ' inside ' the data , providing much more detailed insight about the use of the Internet and the perceived value of specific applications than existing technologies allow . "
Semantic Traffic
Analysis uses network technology to consistently capture and analyze all IP data streams on heavily trafficked networks remotely and non-invasively .
In addition , the semantics of the data stream are determined also , as well as the protocol used and the application taking place .
A variety of other data is available as well .
And is it actually being used ?
Service usage data .
That would be data on the actual usage of the Internet .
And what kind of data would this be ?
Way back in 1999 , this article stated Remember that semantics is not just the data , but rather the meaning of the data .
It looks at the the data in a more comprehensive way than looking for keywords .
Each NarusInsight machine does this at 2500 million bits per second , in real - time .
You really wonder why BushCo does n't want to talk about this stuff ?
It 's the biggest invasion of privacy in history by several orders of magnitude .
How can we know ?
From Narus ' Lawful Intercept and Regulatory Compliance page :
Explosive Internet growth in recent years has transformed worldwide communications , yielding tremendous efficiencies and benefits , as well as many risks .
For example , terrorist attacks around the globe have been carefully orchestrated through Internet - based forms of communications such as e-mail , messaging , hidden Web pages and now VoIP , forcing governmental organizations and law enforcement agencies to re-evaluate how they are providing public security as it becomes so much easier and faster to communicate electronically .
Recent mandates and the resulting standards referenced under CALEA in the United States and ETSI in Western Europe aim to preserve the right of law enforcement agencies to conduct authorized electronic surveillance in an effort to protect the public and its right to privacy .
However , these mandates create IT headaches for carriers as they struggle to meet the requirements .
With a suite of products targeted at meeting lawful intercept requirements , Narus simplifies lawful intercept tasks helping carriers and agencies meet requirements without experiencing any degradation in service quality .
Key benefits
- Packet - mode data intercepts for Service Providers and Carriers .
- Wireline to wireless and WiFi or dialup to broadband .
-" Instant Compliance " with CALEA and ETSI for simple , fast and hands - free compliance .
- Carrier - grade speeds , performance and scalability .
- Supports all of your services , out - of - the - box .
- Securely manages resources while simplifying audits and reporting .
- Network and vendor agnostic .
- Enables additional application for revenue generation or revenue protection .
This data flows right into NarusInsight Intercept Suite , which enables
Packet - level , flow - level , and application - level usage information is captured and analyzed as well as raw user session packets for forensic analysis , surveillance or in satisfying regulatory compliance for lawful intercept .
The Lawful Intercept module offers carriers and service providers compliance with regulatory requirements regarding lawful intercept .
The Lawful Intercept module provides an end - to - end solution consisting of Administration , Access and Delivery functions .
The Lawful Intercept module is compliant with CALEA and ETSI standards .
It can be seamlessly integrated with third party products for testing / validation or as a complete law enforcement solution .
The Directed Analysis module seamlessly integrates with NarusInsight Secure Suite or other DDoS , intrusion or anomaly detection systems , securely providing analysts with real - time , surgical targeting of suspect information ( from flow to application to full packets ) .
The Directed Analyis module provides industry standard formats and offers tools for archival and integration with third party investigative tools .
These capabilities include playback of streaming media ( i.e. VoIP ) , rendering of web pages , examination of e-mail and the ability to analyze the payload / attachments of e-mail or file transfer protocols .
Narus partner products offer the ability to quickly analyze information collected by the Directed Analysis or Lawful Intercept modules .
When Narus partners ' powerful analytic tools are combined with the surgical targeting and real - time collection capabilities of Directed Analysis and Lawful Intercept modules , analysts or law enforcement agents are provided capabilities that have been unavailable thus far .
Imagine how great a tool " instant compliance " with the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement
Act could be with this kind of reach and detail .
Especially if a secret Presidential Directive allows it to be used without the warrants required under the Act .
That 's what it appears we are up against , folks .
Real - time semantic data monitoring on a huge scale .
A scale beyond what most of us can even comprehend .
It 's scarey .
Editor ’s Note :
In the following essay , Wellford “ Buzz ” Wilms , The director of the Education Leadership Program at UCLA forcefully argues that public education funds must be diverted from bloated bureaucracies and redirected into the schools , where principals , teachers and parents can meaningfully influence what is being taught .
The recent news reported in The New York Times that schools are throwing out science , social studies and art to make time for drilling students in remedial math and reading is a sign of things gone terribly wrong .
Former New York State Commissioner of Education Thomas Sobol told the Times that narrowing education to just math and reading would be akin to restricting violin students to playing scales day after day .
“ They ’d lose their zest for music . ”
But most schools that serve poor populations , like those in Cuero , Texas , are squeezed to meet federal math and reading standards .
Cuero Superintendent Henry Lind told the paper , “ When you have so many hours per day and you ’re behind in some area that ’s being hammered on , you have to work on that . ”
But by the looks of things , hammering students for higher test scores is n’t making much of a difference .
Most students have already lost their zest for learning .
How do we know ?
In Los Angeles , upwards of 50 % of Latino and African American students never finish high school .
This is just the tip of the iceberg .
I ’ve been a professor of education at UCLA for more than 25 years and am convinced that despite the fads that come and go , nothing has put a dent in the public schools ’ failure to educate inner-city children .
In fact , things are getting worse .
But I am also convinced that we ’ve been looking in the wrong places for solutions .
My own research across a wide array of organizations — corporations , trade unions , public schools , colleges , teacher unions and police agencies — suggests another way of looking at the problem and that solutions will come from a new direction .
This essay is a proposition — one that I hope will spark a lively debate among Truthdig readers and inform policy leaders .
Future essays will examine Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ’s campaign to take over the public schools , analyze whether teacher unions can be a force for productive change , and expose promising ways to rebuild public investment in the schools .
Let ’s start with Jonathan Kozol ’s new book , “ The Shame of the Nation : The Restoration of Apartheid Schooling in America . ”
It is a scathing indictment of American social policy that banned racial segregation in public schools in 1955 and then turned a blind eye to its implementation .
Today , Kozol says , schools are more segregated than ever .
But he fails to explain why resegregation has occurred .
Because Kozol overlooks the root causes of the problem , his solutions — spending more money on dysfunctional schools and wishing for a social mandate to desegregate the schools — miss the point .
To be sure the problems are undeniable .
Kozol examines the appalling condition of big-city schools .
In school after school we see children who are brimming with potential but who are walled off from the larger society and abandoned by the schools .
Most middle - class white Americans simply cannot comprehend the horrid schools that Kozol describes .
Ceilings fall in , toilets are filthy , libraries , music and arts have been stripped away .
Teachers in these schools , who are paid 40 % less than teachers in the suburbs , are forced to teach “ scripted ” lessons that are written for children who are deemed incapable of learning .
It is all part of the latest reform pushed by the Bush administration ’s No Child Left Behind initiative , a reform aimed at the singular pursuit of increasing test scores .
Learning has been stripped of its intrinsic meaning and reduced to simplistic steps — “ Authentic Writing , ” “ Active Listening , ” “ Accountable Talk ” — that hamper teachers in teaching anything but how to take a test .
Behind it all is an attempt to impose control , much as mass production techniques were used a century ago , to standardize instruction to fit new immigrants to the system .
Meanwhile , millions of children are failing .
In nearly half of the high schools in America ’s 100 largest districts , fewer than 50 % of students graduate in four years .
Most of these students are from poor Latino and African - American families .
And from 1993 to 2000 the number of failing schools has mushroomed by 75 % .
Mayor Villaraigosa calls Los Angeles ’ high dropout rates “ numbers that should put a chill down your spine . ”
The reasons , Kozol argues , are lack of money and racial discrimination that produce inferior and segregated schools .
No doubt this is partly true .
We have tried to desegregate the schools for a half - century and failed .
Middle - class white parents have voted for individual freedom with their feet , enrolling their children in private schools , leaving the public schools more segregated than ever .
The same is true for middle - class black families .
Gail Foster , an educator who has studied black independent schools , was quoted in 2004 in The New York Times as saying : “ Many of the most empowered parents and families are removing their children .
What ’s left , in even working - class communities , are schools filled with the least empowered families .
Families with the least parent involvement to offer , families with the least help with homework to offer .
There ’s been a continual outflow for at least 10 years , and it is n’t stopping now . ”
More money is not the answer either .
Kozol points to wide disparities in educational expenditures ranging from $ 11,700 per student in New York City to $ 22,000 in suburban Manhasset .
Disturbing as that is , study after study shows that equalizing money does not necessarily equalize learning .
In 1966 , sociologist James Coleman conducted the most extensive study ever made of desegregating education and found that what mattered most in students ’ learning was the economic status of their peers rather than the racial makeup of the school .
He also found that school funding was not closely related to students ’ achievement — their families ’ economic status was far more predictive .
Coleman ’s findings were controversial and led to a bitter debate , but they have been replicated many times .
Daniel Patrick Moynihan summed it up best when he commented shortly after Coleman ’s groundbreaking study , “ We should begin to see that the underlying reality is not race but social class . ”
Since social class matters because money follows privilege , and since desegregation will take generations to eradicate , what can be done now ?
Are poor children doomed to attend grossly inadequate schools ?
Surely not .
We must find ways to remove the influences that have crippled the schools .
Money must be diverted from bloated bureaucracies that snuff out innovation .
Instead it must go directly to schools where principals and teachers can influence what is taught and what children learn , and help bring parents back into the fold .
Otherwise , it is going down a rat hole .
Parents have a significant role to play in their children ’s education , but their voices have been largely silenced .
Over the last 40 years , we have witnessed the decline of civic involvement and the growing dominance of self - interest over the greater good , a social deterioration that sociologist Robert Putnam calls “ hollowing out ” in his 2000 book “ Bowling Alone . ”
One result , as the old saying goes , is that “ the rich get richer ” and the poor fall ever further behind in crumbling schools .
Over the last 25 years , education in general has been taken from ordinary citizens and teachers by politicians , administrators , union leaders , publishers , test makers , consultants , university professors , hardware and software developers and the media , each playing its part in keeping alive the illusion of reform .
All in all , this $ 1 - trillion industry has replaced the common interest , and no one , it seems , can muster the will to rein it in .
Local control is only a dim memory .
Decisions now come from the top — from the federal and state governments , school boards and high - level administrators who have little knowledge of what goes on in the classroom .
Teachers are left out of these decisions , carrying on the best they can , safe in the assumption that the newest fad , like those before it , will blow over .
Parents are all but forgotten .
While command - and - control management may seem to produce results in the short run , it strips schools of the capacity to develop the stable leadership that is necessary to sustain success .
Principals are besieged with demands from district offices and from the educational fads that emanate from publishers and university researchers .
Many principals know that they put their careers in peril unless they do what their bosses want .
One elementary school principal told me , “ District directives undermine our own abilities to think for ourselves , to believe in what we see and know . ”
When schools discover something that works , it is rarely sustained because they lack authority or stable leadership .
In 1969 when I worked for the U.S. Department of Health , Education and Welfare , I monitored the schools in impoverished Ocean Hill - Brownsville in New York City .
The local school board hired a charismatic superintendent , who fired incompetent teachers and hired young and idealistic ones .
The firings set the local board at odds with the huge teachers ’ union , which demanded due process for the fired teachers .
The superintendent , Rhody McCoy , was convinced that good teachers had to respect the children they taught .
He put it in plain words : “ If you ’re convinced that this kid is doomed by nature or by something else to lead a shrunken and curtailed life , then you ’re basically incompetent to teach that child . ”
The experiment worked .
Observing classrooms left no doubt in my mind that students were learning .
Eager first - graders sat attentively on the floor in semicircles shouting out answers to fraction problems and reading aloud .
The schools buzzed with excitement as parent helpers streamed in and out of classrooms .
But in a bitter power struggle the board seized authority and the experiment ended .
Years later , in 1985 , Deborah Meier , a passionate educator who founded Harlem ’s Central Park East Secondary School , achieved stunning successes that led the school to be celebrated as a model alternative school in Time magazine .
But it could not be sustained beyond Meier ’s unique leadership .
Today , 10 years after Meier left , a respected children ’s advocacy group , Insideschools and Advocates for Children , reports that the Harlem school “ … has fallen on hard times in recent years with rapid staff turnover , low staff morale and uneven discipline . ”
In risk - averse environments like public schools , few principals will stick out their necks , because they do n’t want to buck the bosses downtown .
Courageous and visionary principals like Rhody McCoy and Deborah Meier keep coming .
But charismatic leadership is no match for heavy - handed district management , which always wins out .
Take Foshay Learning Center in Los Angeles , for example .
In 1989 , Howard Lappin took over a failing middle school .
With the help of teachers and an infusion of money , Lappin wrested control from the district and transformed Foshay .
The school expanded into a K - 12 “ learning center ” and became largely autonomous of the district ’s bureaucratic requirements .
Teachers and administrators decided who would be hired and what would be taught .
Foshay succeeded , and in 2000 its high school was selected by Newsweek as one of the 100 best in America .
But in 2001 Lappin retired , and his unique leadership was lost .
Today Foshay is being threatened with sanctions by the district and the county because gains in students ’ test scores have stalled .
As the school has fallen under the district ’s “ one - size - fits all ” bureaucratic requirements , the impact has been to undermine the once vibrant teacher leadership that made the school so enviable .
The problem with public education is not with the teachers , or with the children , but the way we organize the schools .
Probably the greatest casualties are teachers themselves , who are forced to accept decisions by authorities about teaching that they know to be nonsense .
One professor interviewed by Kozol said that forcing an absurdity on teachers teaches something : acquiescence .
For example , in study after study , teachers report that relying on test scores as sole marks of student achievement and teaching scripted lessons destroy students ’ natural love of learning .
And such practices also erode teachers ’ professional authority , which is fundamental to student learning .
Why is it so hard to foster the only kind of reform that really works , which is right in the schoolhouse ?
Because politicians , school board members and administrators are under intense pressure to produce immediate results , i.e. , higher and higher test scores — a goal that is pursued through directives from districts with little input of principals , teachers and parents .
Superintendents serve at the pleasure of school boards , and most board members are elected or appointed and have limited terms of office .
As test scores have become the measure of educational quality , everyone is under immense pressure to show fast results or be turned out .
No wonder that school boards hire superintendents who promise to deliver quick results .
But few do .
Superintendents last on average only three or four years .
Many are thwarted by outmoded bureaucracies that were designed a century ago using top - down control practiced in American industry to mass - produce learning .
Within these organizations , power has quietly accumulated , making them all but impervious to outside influence .
Sid Thompson , former superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District , told me : “ Trying to change the district is like trying to change the direction of a fast - moving freight train .
You might knock it off course for a moment , but before you know it it ’s rattling right down the tracks again . ”
Frustration and suspicion about who might emerge from the shadows to sabotage their plans often lead superintendents to jealously guard their power .
In 2002 , Day Higuchi , then president of United Teachers Los Angeles , the Los Angeles teacher union , had high hopes for working with the school district ’s new “ can - do ” superintendent , Roy Romer .
Higuchi hoped that Romer would endorse a new union initiative called Lesson Study , a plan to help teachers work collectively to improve classroom lessons .
At a breakfast meeting that I attended , Higuchi presented Romer with an invitation to work with the union to develop and spread Lesson Study across the district .
When Higuchi finished , Romer flipped over his paper placemat and with a red felt pen drew a box with an S in it .
“ That ’s me , ” he said .
Beneath he drew 11 boxes with smaller s’s in them , representing the 11 local superintendents , and below that , a number of small boxes with roofs , representing schools and teachers .
Then , pulling his face near to Higuchi’s , he drew bold red arrows pointing downward from the top .
Romer jabbed his pen in the air to accentuate each word : “ You can not usurp my authority to manage this district ! ”
It was a dumbfounding moment , one that revealed the true underside of the use of power .
Here was a chance for a new superintendent to forge a small but significant step with the union , but Romer , who recently announced his resignation , explained that he was “ in a hurry . ”
He clearly had little time for ideas that were at odds with his own .
In the end his refusal to work with the union undermined the possibility of creating a broader base of power that could transcend self - interest .
Nor are the unions exempt from self - interest .
A few years ago I helped establish a national group of union presidents called TURN ( Teacher Union Reform Network ) who were dedicated to remaking their unions as forces to improve education .
One way was to cooperate with administrators and encourage teachers to use their classroom know - how to redesign teaching at the schoolhouse .
But hostility and mistrust run deep .
The union leaders became nervous , fearing that fellow unionists would attack them for “ collaborating ” with the enemy and that if the effort to collaborate failed they would share the blame .
Don Watley , president of the New Mexico Federation of Educational Employees , commented : “ It ’s like the Normandy landing .
We ’ve got the best troops in the world .
We ’ve got the best officers in the world .
And we ’ve got the best equipment in the world .
But at 0800 when we hit the beach half of us are going to get killed ! ”
Sadly , in the years to come , the ingrained mistrust , and the unpredictable dance of union politics , prevented these unionists from becoming a positive force in educational reform .
Instead , they have been reduced to stockpiling power , much as the Soviets and Americans stockpiled nuclear weapons during the Cold War , to oppose any hostile moves the other side might make .
So what can be done to break the standoff between teacher unions and districts ?
How can teachers ’ professional authority be restored ?
How can parents be awakened and brought back into the fold ?
Experience shows that it can be done .
Schools such as Harlem ’s Central Park East Secondary , Los Angeles ’ Foshay Learning Center , those in Ocean Hill - Brownsville , and many others attest to the fact that schools can be made into safe places where children learn .
Sustaining them is the hard part .
There is little doubt that trying to build good schools with command - and - control management does n’t work .
School boards , superintendents and union officials need to clear the obstacles — unnecessary bureaucratic requirements and outmoded work rules — to make innovation at the schoolhouse possible .
These top - level educational leaders also must make resources available to support new ways of teaching .
Jonathan Kozol has it right .
Teaching is the only reform that counts and it can be done only at the schoolhouse by teachers , principals , parents and students working together .
Turning school districts upside down will also mean turning a century of top - down management on its head .
But where is such bold leadership to be found ?
One promising place is among big -city mayors .
But they must resist trying to take over the schools , as they did in New York , Chicago and Boston with mixed results at best .
Instead , popular mayors could use their influence and visibility to tell the truth about the condition of education and to build a popular consensus about how change must occur .
In the next essay I am going to examine what mayors can do .
Waiting for the schools to be saved by someone else is nonsense .
Only concerted local action offers a chance .
Doubters should recall Margaret Mead ’s observation : “ Never doubt that a small group of concerned people can change the world .
Indeed , it ’s the only thing that ever has . ”
wikiCalc is currently released in late Beta test .
This means that it is not fully tested , has bugs , but has all of the features that will be in the 1.0 release .
It is quite useful in its own right and is able to create , publish , and maintain a wide variety of web pages .
For example , this page and many of the ones it links to about wikiCalc were created with the wikiCalc Beta .
( The graphical design comes from a CSS file and the side bar is in a simple custom template .
Much like a blogging tool , you can automatically wrap the output in static nice - looking stuff if you do n't want the default . )
The Beta release is available for use on Windows , Mac , Linux / Unix , and other platforms that can run the Perl language .
On Windows you need only download a single .exe file that will install wikiCalc , a Perl runtime , and assorted sample files .
Other platforms need to have Perl already installed ( but they commonly come with it pre-installed ) .
The program is written by Dan Bricklin ( me ) and is available under a GPL 2.0 license .
When shipped it will also be available under other licenses and also as an optional commercial hosted service with support .
SocialText will be doing the commercial distribution of wikiCalc and providing the resources for me to run an Open Source development project derived from wikiCalc .
For historical purposes , you can read my essay explaining a little more about what wikiCalc is and why I created it on the " About wikiCalc 0.1 " page on my blog .
This version includes a " Demonstration Setup " option to get you up to speed quickly if you just want to see what a browser - based spreadsheet feels like .
It also has facilities for runtime recalculation and functions that can make simple web service requests .
wikiCalc is currently aimed at users who are comfortable figuring out how best to use a new tool .
It is very flexible and there are many options to meet many different needs .
It should be especially of interest to the DIY ( Do It Yourself ) , corporate IT , and VAR ( Value Added Reseller ) crowd .
Such people can set it up for use by others .
Paris is in London and like Britney , she went for the black hair look .
Paris was the big name at some Wireless Festival .
Apparently she 's huge in Europe also .
Later that evening she went back to blond and decided to wear that stupid half glove thing again .
What kind of trend is she trying to start ?
It 's just hideous .
Lots more images of Paris loving herself so read more
Source
To make one at home , you need four fresh ingredients .
The processed version is n't so simple ...
Britons now spend more than £ 52bn on food every year - and more than 90 % of that money is spent on processed food .
But the canning , freezing and dehydrating techniques used to process food destroy most of its flavour .
Since the end of the second world war , a vast industry has arisen to make processed food taste good .
During the past two decades the flavour industry 's role in food production has become so influential that many children now like man-made flavours more than the real thing .
As marketing to children has become more and more important to processed food companies and fast food chains , flavourists have increased their efforts to discover what children like .
The flavour companies constantly run " taste tests " for kids - focus groups in which new products are piloted .
Fresh fruit and vegetables often have complicated , unpredictable flavours that combine bitterness with sweetness .
When flavourists create additives for adult foods , they try to imitate nature as closely as possible .
When flavourists create additives for kids ' foods , they usually get rid of the bitterness and increase the sweetness .
Children 's flavours are often twice as sweet as those made for adults .
" Children 's expectation of a strawberry is completely different , " says one flavourist .
" They want something that is strong and that has something like bubblegum notes . "
The phrase " artificial strawberry flavour " offers little hint of the scientific wizardry that can make a highly processed food taste like a strawberry .
For example , if you wanted to make a strawberry milkshake at home , here 's all you 'd need : ice , cream , strawberries , sugar and a touch of vanilla .
Now take a look at the ingredients you might find in a fast - food strawberry milkshake : milkfat and nonfat milk , sugar , sweet whey , high - fructose corn syrup , guar gum , monoglycerides and diglycerides , cellulose gum , sodium phosphate , carrageenan , citric acid , E129 and artificial strawberry flavour .
And what does that " artificial strawberry flavour " contain ?
Just these few yummy chemicals : amyl acetate , amyl butyrate , amyl valerate , anethol , anisyl formate , benzyl acetate , benzyl isobutyrate , butyric acid , cinnamyl isobutyrate , cinnamyl valerate , cognac essential oil , diacetyl , dipropyl ketone , ethyl butyrate , ethyl cinnamate , ethyl heptanoate , ethyl heptylate , ethyl lactate , ethyl methylphenylglycidate , ethyl nitrate , ethyl propionate , ethyl valerate , heliotropin , hydroxyphrenyl - 2 - butanone ( 10 % solution in alcohol ) , ionone , isobutyl anthranilate , isobutyl butyrate , lemon essential oil , maltol , 4 - methylacetophenone , methyl anthranilate , methyl benzoate , methyl cinnamate , methyl heptine carbonate , methyl naphthyl ketone , methyl salicylate , mint essential oil , neroli essential oil , nerolin , neryl isobutyrate , orris butter , phenethyl alcohol , rose , rum ether , undecalactone , vanillin and solvent .
The chicken nuggets and hamburgers at fast food restaurants are usually the least profitable things on the menu .
Selling French fries is profitable - and selling soft drinks is incredibly profitable .
" We at McDonald 's are thankful , " a top executive once said , " that people like drinks with their sandwiches . "
Today , McDonald 's sells more Coca - Cola than anyone else in the world .
The fast food chains buy Coca - Cola syrup for about 53 p a litre .
They add the syrup to bubbly water and serve it in a paper cup .
A medium Coke that sells for 75 p contains about 5 p worth of syrup .
Buying a large Coke for 85 p instead , as the worker behind the counter always suggests , will add another 2 p worth of syrup - and another 8 p in pure profit .
Thanks in large part to the marketing efforts of the fast food chains , Americans now drink about twice the amount of soft drinks as they did 30 years ago .
In 1975 , the typical American drank about 120 litres of soft drinks a year .
Today , the typical American drinks about 240 litres of soft drinks a year .
That 's well over 500 340 ml cans of soft drink , per person , every year .
Even toddlers are now drinking soft drinks .
About 20 % of American children between the ages of one and two drink soft drinks every day .
“ Would you like the extended warranty on that , sir ? ”
“ No ” , I say breaking a wry smile .
What is so darn funny about that question ?
She seems to be thinking .
Anyways , long story short , I have a Zune .
I have it apart .
I ca n’t really say why right now , but I thought it was neat enough to share a few shots of its guts .
You can click the above for a much higher resolution version .
The images below are just screen - res photos to save on bandwidth :
[ edit : by request , a macro shot of the Wi-Fi module ; note there is normally a metal shield over it , I have removed it to see what is underneath , and simultaneously marred part of a component in the upper right hand corner , although it still seems to work .
Info on it here and here ]
Back up regularly !
Note that it uses the Freescale iMX31L processor at its core …
… I ’m just sayin ’ ;-) .
March 29 , 2006
For the past few years , directors have been complaining loudly that their workload has increased dramatically in the wake of SOX .
Some have even resigned , saying the amount of time they spend doing board work , combined with the added legal exposure just does n’t make financial sense .
But the fact remains that for just about every director , this is still a part - time job , at least judging by the number of directors who sit on multiple boards and the number who hold other full - time jobs .
So you can imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon Remington Oil and Gas’ ( REM ) amended K filed yesterday .
In the new director compensation table — another change scheduled to be put in place by the SEC next year , but not yet required so we ’ll give Remington a gold star for being ahead of the curve — we learn that five of Remington ’s six directors made over $ 600 K last year for their part - time jobs .
To be fair , the bulk of that came from the $ 558 K worth of restricted stock given to each director .
But that ’s still a lot of money , particularly if you compare it to a similar disclosure in Intel ’s ( INTC ) proxy which was also filed yesterday .
Like Remington , Intel also provides disclosure on total director compensation .
But 8 of Intel ’s 9 directors made under $ 200 K for their part - time jobs , with only lead director David Yoffie , making over $ 200 K .
Now compare Intel ’s market cap to Remington ’s : roughly 100 times larger .
As more companies begin to provide this information , it will be interesting to see just how much other directors are making for their part - time jobs .
DIGG THIS
It would appear that the State of Colorado has suddenly developed a new - found appreciation for the Constitution of the United States .
At least , that 's the impression the State legislature is trying to give with its new law requiring professors and teaching assistants at state colleges and universities to take an oath promising to " uphold the constitution of the United States and the State of Colorado . "
Last week , as a teaching assistant at the University of Colorado , I was required by state law to sign this " oath " and have it officially notarized .
Since I have never taken an oath before ( nor have I ever known anyone who has ) , I took a few minutes to consider the significance of this bureaucratic pledge to the self - proclaimed representatives of a two hundred year old piece of paper .
I began by considering the oath itself :
" I solemnly ( swear ) ; ( affirm ) that I will uphold the constitution of the United States and the constitution of the State of Colorado , and I will faithfully perform the duties of the position upon which I am about to enter . "
Seems uncontroversial , does n't it ?
One might even imagine that libertarians could support such a pledge ( especially if they 're from a Beltway Institute , where the Constitution usually serves as a convenient substitute for any profound or original thought about the ethics of freedom ) .
What I realized , however , was that this " oath " really signifies the complete negation of liberty in several respects .
In the first place , if the legislature really intended to defend the Constitution of the United States against its many academic detractors , then why have n't all the proponents of gun control been thrown out of the universities already ?
The second amendment of the Constitution is unambiguous in its defense of gun ownership .
Are n't proponents of gun control in the academy failing to " uphold the Constitution of the United States " ?
And what about those who happen to openly support the Patriot Act with its flagrant and explicit violation of the 4th amendment ?
Why have n't they been ousted from their posts for failing to " uphold the Constitution of the United States " ?
Consider the matter from the reverse angle .
Suppose that I were to enter my classroom ( after having taking the above " oath " ) and tirelessly advocate that my students purchase firearms as their Constitutional right , that they form or join militias for the defense of their states , and that they cease paying their taxes until the unconstitutional suspension of habeas corpus in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , ceases .
Does anyone really believe that I would receive a commendation for having staunchly upheld my oath to " uphold the Constitution of the United States " ?
On the contrary !
This so - called " oath " is much more insidious than that , however .
The State of Colorado has effectively criminalized all open disagreement with the provisions of the United States Constitution in academic settings .
( Professors and teaching assistants take the oath " under penalty of perjury . " )
Since professors and teaching assistants can potentially be criminally prosecuted for having failed " to uphold the Constitution of the United States , " they must not only guard against personally saying anything that can be broadly construed as an attack on the constitution , they must ensure that their students do not say anything like this as well .
For , if their students happen to say anything that could be construed as an attack on the constitution , these professors and teaching assistants could be blamed for not having quelled these anti-constitutional sentiments in the name of upholding the constitution .
( Of course , the most effective way for professors to preemptively guard against these charges would be to toss these ostensibly treasonous youngsters out of their classes , heaping derision upon them in the process . )
The fact that this " oath " is more dangerous than it is asinine becomes readily apparent when we consider its enforcement .
Who , after all , will decide whether I have " upheld the Constitution of the United States " as a teaching assistant ?
Will the state colleges and universities have to create offices that can ensure that no professors or teaching assistants are undermining the constitution in their classes ?
Will my students be permitted to contact the Attorney General of Colorado to rat out violations of my " oath " ?
Will I be oath - bound to rat out my students who openly disagree with the constitution ?
If so , what kind of colleges and universities would we have , if both students and teachers had to guard against denouncement to the police simply because they happen to discuss whether the fourth amendment could be reformulated in a better way ?
Suppose for the sake of argument , however , that I took this " oath " seriously and I really wanted to make sure that I was upholding the constitution in my classes .
What version of the constitution would I be oath - bound to uphold ?
Constitutional scholars , lawyers and judges can scarcely agree on the meaning of any single word in the document as it stands at this very moment , and the interpretation of the document has changed constantly ever since it was ratified .
Am I oath - bound to keep abreast of the latest constitutional developments in the U.S. Supreme Court before I speak in class ?
As an example of how problematic this particular problem is , and at the risk of perjuring myself , I will admit that I do not desire ( nor do I intend ) to uphold the Constitution of the United States as it now stands , because I consider most of the document to run counter to individual liberty .
Instead , I desire to have the several states peacefully secede from one another .
Now , if I were to attempt to foster this idea among my students would I be " upholding the Constitution of the United States , " or would I be undermining it ?
The Constitution of the United States , after all , used to be interpreted to allow for the peaceful secession of the states .
In the end , I signed the " oath " like every other professor and teaching assistant at public universities and colleges in the state of Colorado .
I felt somewhat ashamed that I was n't willing to stand up for my right to question the constitution in class by refusing to sign .
( I was also slightly worried that , depending upon how the ridiculously ambiguous phrase " uphold the constitution " was interpreted , I may have perjured myself ) .
Mostly , however , I just felt depressed by the irrepressible feeling that the universities in Colorado would likely become more sterilized , boring , and dangerous over time , as they always do in totalitarian states where allegiance is gained solely through force .
September 2 , 2006
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
Home T : A Dialect of Lisp T : A Dialect of Lisp , or , LAMBDA : The Ultimate Software Tool
The T project is an experiment in language design and implementation .
Its purpose is to test the thesis developed by Steele and Sussman in
their series of papers about the Scheme language : that Scheme may be
used as the basis for a practical programming language of exceptional
expressive power ; and , that implementations of scheme could perform
better than other Lisp systems , and competitively with implementations of programming languages , such as C and Bliss , which are usually
considered to be inherently more efficient than Lisp on conventional
machine architectures .
We are developing a portable implementation of
T , currently targetted fo rthe VAX under the Unix and VMS operating
systems and for the Apollo , a MC68000 - based workstations .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
From a reader : an incident in Toronto
1 December 2006
Last night in Toronto , I was on the subway train coming home from work and it stopped abruptly at Dundas Station and I felt a bump and then all the lights went out and on the platform people were screaming and looking horrified and one girl vomited because someone just threw themselves under the train and blood spurted up everywhere .
My train car was absolutely jammed as it was rush hour and we were trapped in the car as the doors would n’t open because there was no power .
Then this man in a three - piece suit who was also in the car started saying very loudly that “ this piece of trash should have killed himself at home ” and that he had an appointment and was going to be late because of this “ piece of shit ” and now even his taxpayers ’ dollars will be wasted cleaning up his “ shit - guts ” from the station , etc. etc .
Well , I could n’t allow that to go unchallenged so , in a deathly silent and dark , jam - packed car I piped up , “ Keep your poison to yourself .
We do n’t need to hear it .
A man is dead .
He was a human being . ”
Well , the suit guy , who was at the other end of the car , got really mad at that and started fighting his way through the crowd trying to get at me and cursing and just spewing poison about Iraq and Afghanistan and how it ’s 2007 and “ filth ’s gotta ” be cleaned off the face of the earth .
But the crowd took my side and people began shouting , “ He ’s right .
We do n’t need your poison here , ” and “ Shut up idiot , ” and they blocked the guy and he just had to stand there cursing to himself until we were finally released from the car after about 10 minutes .
Then the train guard said , “ If you have any children , please shield their eyes , ” as we marched past the Xmas shoppers and the blood and the pieces of flesh on the floor .
CB
Toronto , Ontario , Canada
29 November 2006
When they say ... then they mean ...
“ We ’re out of Beta today ” “ Please , mainstream news , cover us once more ! ”
“ More features are coming up ” “ Sorry , we do n’t have any features yet ”
“ We ’re still in stealth mode , but you can sign up for an exclusive Alpha - tester invite ” “ We ’re figuring out what to do with this domain name , but it was too expensive to just let go . ”
“ Please wait while loading ” “ We do n’t have budget for more servers ”
“ We use semantic clustering to enhance results relevancy ” “ Our results are taken from another search engine , but will anyone buy us ?
Please ? ”
“ Due to a temporary server malconfiguration , we ’d like to ask you to change your password . ”
“ Who the hell posted those credit card numbers to a newsgroup ? ”
“ Our site uses the latest Web 2.0 features ” “ We solved an easy problem but added gradient colors ... blogosphere , link away ! ”
“ According to internal usability studies ... ”
“ The guy in the hall said ... ”
“ Web 3.0 is ... ” “ I came too late to the Web 2.0 party , but not this time ! ”
“ Our applications use AJAX for faster results ” “ The boss suggested to add a clock to the page so now your back button is broken ”
Tags
During a cross-country trip I took in early June , I drove past a number of Indian reservations in Arizona and New Mexico , and I must say that the sight was not exactly uplifting .
I could see hundreds of tumble - down shacks and old trailers located on hillsides , and none of them were inviting places to live .
It was obvious then that I was seeing something akin to a Third World scene with hundreds — perhaps thousands — of people living in great poverty .
American Indian poverty is not something on our " radar " for a couple of reasons .
First , reservations are located in remote places and the largest ones are nowhere near major metropolitan areas .
Second , because most Indians do not venture far from their reservations ; the rest of us rarely come into personal contact with them .
Writes Peter Carlson :
Half a millennium after Columbus misnamed them , American Indians are the poorest people in the United States .
The country 's 2.1 million Indians , about 400,000 of whom live on reservations , have the highest rates of poverty , unemployment and disease of any ethnic group in America .
That might surprise Americans who have consumed countless cheery feature stories about Indians making big bucks on casino gambling .
What I saw from my car window in the arid highlands of the American West did nothing to dispel what Carlson wrote .
There was no doubt that I was seeing real poverty , and there seemed to be few sources of commerce in the surrounding area .
It was obvious that the majority of people who lived in these hovels and broken - down trailers did not work and had no potential sources of income aside from informal tasks and government checks .
In the early 1980s , then - US Secretary of the Interior James Watt commented that one did not have to go to the USSR or Eastern Europe to discover the failures of socialism .
Those failures , he said , were evident on the reservations , which his department oversaw .
Not surprisingly , the comments drew partisan attacks , and the press dismissed Watt as making " bigoted " comments .
( Watt apparently was guilty of making a " gaffe , " which can be described as uttering an unpopular truth .
Political figures , as you know , do not like to make " gaffes . " )
While we tend to think of the reservation system as applying only to American Indians , in truth , it is the system that is used in an attempt to deal with nearly all poor Americans , and nowhere were the failures of the reservation system more apparent than last year 's Hurricane Katrina debacle in New Orleans .
Indeed , we can say that the aftermath of the disaster ( not to mention the flooding , which came from the breakage of government levees ) was a massive government failure — but not the failure that is commonly associated with Katrina .
When most people speak of Katrina and government failure , they mean the supposed failure of the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) to take care of everyone affected immediately after the storm .
Of course , as has been emphasized on this site , the idea that somehow FEMA could immediately set things right — or ever set things right — was a ludicrous idea in the first place .
Yet , as I noted last year and emphasize again and again , Katrina did not expose American poverty ; indeed , it exposed the folly of the reservation system .
Let me explain .
When we speak of Indian reservations , we are dealing with areas of land set aside where American Indians live , areas that supposedly have " self - government , " but are ultimately subject to the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service of the US Department of the Interior .
Because of their location and because of the fact that they are the ultimate welfare state , Indian reservations tend to be places where people simply exist on whatever subsidies the government provides , and little else .
As Wikipedia notes :
Some Indian reservations offer a quality of life that 's among the poorest to be found in the United States .
Shannon County , South Dakota , home of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation , is routinely described as one of the poorest counties in the nation .
While Pine Ridge is located far from any major metropolitan area , one could be describing inner-city Baltimore , Philadelphia , or New Orleans .
Instead of the Bureau of Indian Affairs , the residents of these metropolitan areas deal with Medicaid , the US Department of Health and Human Services , the US Department of Transportation , the Drug Enforcement Agency , the various Housing Authorities , and other alphabet soup entities which make many of the choices that govern the lives of those who live in these areas .
People who live in these urban reservations , and who depend upon the state for nearly all of their personal and financial support , are the ones who are having the most difficult time readjusting to the post - storm atmosphere .
Granted , the slow recovery is not simply limited to people who might have lived in the hellish projects .
Homeowners or people who lived in single - family houses in poorer sections of the New Orleans also find themselves waiting for Godot , or at least for someone from FEMA to write a check and tell them what to do next .
While we hear of delays , long lines , and all of the other characteristics of socialism being omnipresent in New Orleans , in nearby Mississippi , entrepreneurs have used the storm 's aftermath to rebuild and to go in new directions .
For example :
Even more inspiring has been the explosion of interest in Katrina Cottages …
The Katrina Cottage effort is producing an expanding family of designs for appealing , storm - worthy houses that compromise nothing but square footage in the effort to create homes worthy of long - term roles in neighborhood redevelopment .
The first designs for Katrina Cottages came out of efforts to create design alternatives for FEMA trailers .
The plans immediately captured the imaginations of citizens and building industry leaders ( see www.katrinacottages.com).
Now Katrina Cottages are claiming a broadening niche in the private - sector housing market and creating more alternatives for Mississippi home shoppers .
Lowe's has just announced plans to offer four Katrina Cottage designs as kits to property owners in the storm zone .
Home Front , in Florida , is offering a growing list of models as panelized cottages .
And the New Urban Guild has certified several manufactured housing companies to produce Katrina Cottages likely to set new standards for manufactured housing .
As one can see , a real emergency also has unleashed some creative powers of designers and entrepreneurs .
( This is not a rendition of the " Broken Window Fallacy , " but rather recognition that entrepreneurs discern human needs and act upon them . )
Compare the actions of private businesses , from Lowe's , Home Depot , and Wal - Mart , to the political entrepreneurship demonstrated by FEMA , as well as political operatives who used the tragedy to boost their own fortunes .
For example , Paul Krugman , instead of correctly interpreting the Katrina aftermath as a failure of socialism , declared that the reason FEMA failed to play the Superman role was that conservatives had failed to adequately uphold the greatness of the state :
But the federal government 's lethal ineptitude was n't just a consequence of Mr. Bush 's personal inadequacy ; it was a consequence of ideological hostility to the very idea of using government to serve the public good .
For 25 years the right has been denigrating the public sector , telling us that government is always the problem , not the solution .
Why should we be surprised that when we needed a government solution , it was n't forthcoming ?
Lest anyone believe that Krugman simply was expressing frustration at the obvious ineptitude that FEMA officials demonstrated , he goes on :
Does anyone remember the fight over federalizing airport security ?
Even after 9/11 , the administration and conservative members of Congress tried to keep airport security in the hands of private companies .
They were more worried about adding federal employees than about closing a deadly hole in national security .
Of course , the attempt to keep airport security private was n't just about philosophy ; it was also an attempt to protect private interests .
But that 's not really a contradiction .
Ideological cynicism about government easily morphs into a readiness to treat government spending as a way to reward your friends .
After all , if you do n't believe government can do any good , why not ?
The assumption here is that the 9/11 hijackings resulted from the failure of private enterprise .
Now , one could excuse Krugman had he made those comments on September 12 , 2001 .
After all , one of his employers , the New York Times , had editorialized in favor of having a group of " well - trained federal workers " providing airline security .
However , he wrote those words almost four years after the attacks , after the 9/11 Commission had catalogued failures of various government agencies — and after a number of stories that revealed the many shortcomings of the Transportation Safety Administration .
It is one thing to write hopefully about the " potential " of the TSA before the organization is formed ; it is quite another to whitewash the failures of the TSA and assume that it is a morally superior organization simply because it is an arm of the state .
Likewise , it is one thing to express horror at the human suffering in the aftermath of Katrina ; it is quite another to declare that the suffering occurred because some people have been critical of the state .
( And , for the record , the Bush Administration , with its nearly - unprecedented increase in federal spending , hardly qualifies as an " anti-government " administration .
From " faith - based initiatives " to the expansion of the federal criminal code , the Bush Administration seems determined to make the Clinton Administration look like a collection of anarchists . )
Indeed , as we reflect upon the failures of government in the Katrina disaster , we are reminded by Lew Rockwell that this truly was a massive government failure , and supposed " conservative anti-government " ideology had nothing to do with the failure :
Mother Nature can be cruel , but even at her worst , she is no match for government .
It was the glorified public sector , the one we are always told is protecting us , that is responsible for this .
And though our public servants and a sycophantic media will do their darn best to present this calamity as an act of nature , it was not and is not .
Katrina came and went with far less damage than anyone expected .
It was the failure of the public infrastructure and the response to it that brought down civilization .
I would add that the failure of government after the levees broke was not that it failed to provide the amenities of the welfare state , as Krugman and others contend .
Instead , the human tragedy that produced the Lord of the Flies atmosphere in New Orleans was due to the fact that government had turned much of the Crescent City into an urban reservation via its welfare system , and when those who depended heavily upon that system for their sustenance found themselves on their own , they had no idea what to do or how to do it .
You do what ?
Gumologist ?
Fountain pen repairman ?
Here 's a typical day in some very atypical jobs .
NEW YORK ( FORTUNE ) -
What 's so interesting about seemingly traditional occupations like a chemist , a repairman or an artist ?
Not too much - unless you 're a trained chemist now working as a gumologist , or an artist who illustrates ski trail maps , or the person that repairs and refurbishes vintage kiddie rides or fountain pens .
In the two years FORTUNE has put together the popular You Do What ?
page , we 've aimed to capture a typical day of someone working an atypical job , either for themselves or for a large corporation .
We profiled chemist Jesse Keifer , who works as a gumologist at Cadbury Schweppes , a multi-billion dollar corporation and one of the world 's largest confectioners .
And while you can find lots of Trident at any local store , you'd be hard - pressed to find another gumologist .
In fact a Google search returned a handful of links , most leading to Jesse .
Others , like James Niehues , find unusual ways to make a living with their artistic talent by illustrating ski resorts .
Still , others make a living preserving the fountain pen , a writing tool that dates back many centuries .
And another who takes pride in restoring the nostalgic kiddie ride .
Chances are you wo n't find these folks in your office , so you 're bored of the usual water cooler conversations with co-workers , you 'll be sure to find a detour from that in this photo gallery .
The Art of No
Just a thought from 2 May 2006 about Design .
Being a designer is all about embracing the word " no . "
When we sit down with a blank slate and a job to do , we have to say " no " over and over again .
Choosing a primary audience means saying " no " to all the others .
Picking a task to enable means saying " no " to all the other possible tasks ( or , at the very least , deprioritizing them ) .
Selecting a font , a color , a photo ... almost every decision we make is about selecting the best option and saying " no " to the rest .
As a result , we can be a pretty grumpy bunch .
We learn to be hard on ourselves and each other in design classes and reviews .
Ask a designer about the design of something and we 're emphatic .
" I can't believe they chose that font , " we 'll say .
" Anyone who would letterspace blackletter would steal sheep . "
" That photo ruins the page . "
But what nobody ever teaches us is perhaps the most important thing you can learn to be a successful working designer :
How to not say " no . "
If I could give one piece of advice to the designer just getting into client work , or even some who 's been doing this for a while , it 's this :
The next time you want to say " no " to a client , boss , or colleague , say this instead : " Why ? "
Here 's the scenario .
A boss hears a criticism of his site .
Somebody does n't like the way something works , or looks .
The fix is obvious to him , so he says to his designer : " Go make this change . "
The designer knows better , and says no .
This is a conversation that happens in every company with a website at one point or another .
Here 's how the conversation looks to the boss :
Boss : " Hey , I think we should do this totally reasonable thing . "
Designer : " No .
That 's a horrible idea and I 'm offended that you 'd even mention it . "
At this point the boss has two choices , both of which suck .
Choice 1 : He can walk away feeling stupid for asking .
It 's the rare boss that likes feeling stupid , so he will more likely select Choice 2 : Make it an order .
And since no designer likes being ordered around , the designer walks away angry , implements the horrible idea , and decides to find another gig as soon as possible .
Wash , rinse , repeat .
Here 's where the " why " comes in .
What if we substituted the word " Why " for " No " ?
Let 's look at the conversation from the designer 's vantage :
Boss : " I think we should do this totally idiotic thing . "
Designer ( wants to say " no " but instead says ) : " Why ? "
Boss : " Because Bob from accounting said he had a hard time accomplishing this task . "
Now the designer has something to work with .
Maybe Bob is not a member of the audience the site has been designed for .
Or maybe the task he 's trying to accomplish is something the team decided not to support .
Or maybe Bob 's using an unsupported browser .
Or maybe , just maybe , the designer has something to learn here .
Either way , the added information can only help .
When a client comes to me with a specific design request , I often ask : " What problem are you trying to solve right now ? "
To the client , the problem was so obvious , they just skipped it and went right for the solution .
But we designers know that there 's always more than one solution to a problem , and all solutions will have different ripple - effects .
It 's our job to keep the entire site , every page and every feature , in our heads at all times .
We have to do this to keep our eyes on the user experience we 're creating .
Making a quick fix may solve one problem , but create more .
I know my clients do n't want to be designers – that 's why they hired me .
And even though it may seem like they 're making design choices for me , they 're really just trying to solve a problem using the only language they know .
It 's my job to deconstruct the request , and that takes more information .
If I can get the client to verbalize the problem they 're trying to solve , we can come up with a better solution together .
I can talk them through the ripple - effects that come from any solution .
In the end , my client gains a better understanding of the role of design , the site gets a better solution , and I do n't feel like I 've been micromanaged to death .
Of course , it would be nice if the clients and bosses of the world knew how to frame design requests with what they 're trying to accomplish , but let 's face it , entrepreneurs and bosses are n't doing what they 're doing because they just love to communicate and compromise .
They 're people who are used to fighting for their vision .
They tell people what to do for a living .
It 's our jobs , as designers , to coax information out of them .
And if we want to be successful in our jobs , and in our products , we need to teach them a little bit about the design process .
When you say " why " instead of " no " , you open a design conversation that can help inform both sides .
You also make it more likely that the boss will ask you questions in the future , which is all designers want .
We 'd all much rather hear , " Why did you make this design choice ? " than " I do n't like this – change it . "
Do n't get me wrong : designers still need the ability to say no .
After all , we 're hired to do a job specifically because we know how to do something that the boss does n't know how to do .
A designer without the word " no " in his vocabulary is going to produce a crappy product .
This is n't about rolling over – it's merely a technique to work better with the people who give us interesting things to design .
But if you 've got a dictator for a boss who never listens to you no matter how hard you try , pack a box .
Life 's too short and there 's plenty of good design to be done elsewhere .
And , in the end , being open to the " why " of things is the way to become a better designer .
Every design request comes with a kernel of truth .
Yeah , maybe Bob 's out of the target demo , or doing the wrong thing , or using the wrong browser .
Maybe he 's just an idiot .
But if he 's having a problem , no matter how small , chances are more your users are , too .
And the best way to learn from that , to make a better design , to become a better designer , is to ask one simple question and then open your ears and just listen .
The Taliban are planning a major winter offensive combining their diverse factions in a push on the Afghan capital , Kabul , intelligence analysts and sources among the militia have revealed .
The thrust will involve a concerted attempt to take control of surrounding provinces , a bid to cut the key commercial highway linking the capital with the eastern city of Jalalabad , and operations designed to tie down British and other Nato troops in the south .
Last week Nato , with a force of 40,000 in the country including around 5,000 from Britain , said it had killed 48 more Taliban in areas thought to have been ' cleared ' .
' They have major attacks planned all the way through to the spring and are quite happy for their enemy to know it , ' a Pakistan - based source close to the militia told The Observer .
' There will be no winter pause . '
The Taliban 's fugitive leader , Mullah Omar , yesterday rejected overtures for peace talks from President Hamid Karzai and said it intended to try him in an Islamic court for the ' massacre ' of Afghan civilians .
Since their resurgence earlier this year the Taliban have made steady progress towards Kabul from their heartland in the south - east around Kandahar , establishing a presence in Ghazni province an hour 's drive from the suburbs .
They do not expect to capture the capital but aim to continue destabilising the increasingly fragile Karzai government and influence Western public opinion to force a withdrawal of troops .
' The aim is clear , ' said the source .
' Force the international representatives of the crusader Zionist alliance out , and finish with their puppet government . '
A winter offensive breaks with tradition .
' Usually all Afghans do in the winter is try and stay warm , ' said a Western military intelligence specialist in Kabul .
' The coming months are likely to see intense fighting , suicide bombings and unmanned roadside bombs .
That is a measure of how much the Taliban have changed . '
The new Taliban , a rough alliance of Islamist zealots , teenagers seeking adventure , disgruntled villagers led by tribal elders alienated from the government , drug dealers and smugglers - is no longer the parochial , traditional militia that seized Kabul almost exactly 10 years ago and was ousted by the American - led coalition in 2001 .
Tactics , ideology , equipment and organisation have all moved on .
The use of suicide bombings , roadside bombs and targeted assassinations of those cooperating with Western forces are methods copied from Iraqi insurgents .
' They can't engage in big groups so ... they 've moved on to these targeted assassinations , ' said Naimatullah Khan , deputy chief of the local council in southern Kandahar province , who has seen several colleagues killed .
More than 70 suicide bombings , four times as many as last year , have together killed scores of civilians .
In 2001 the tactic was almost unknown among Afghans .
French intelligence sources say militants are heading to Afghanistan rather than Iraq .
The Taliban are now exploiting modern propaganda such as recruitment videos and mass - produced DVDs and CDs .
This has been copied from international terrorist operators such as Osama bin Laden , thought to be hiding either in the eastern zones along the Afghan border with Pakistan or in the heavily wooded northern province of Kunar where there is continued skirmishing between US troops and militants .
Civilian deaths - such as the 50 reported during Nato operations last week near Kandahar - are eagerly exploited for propaganda .
The Taliban remain a local phenomenon and are not believed to be in close liaison with the Saudi - born bin Laden or his Egyptian - born associate Ayman al - Zawahiri .
' It is more an ad hoc co-operation between the Arabs and some of the major figures in the broad Taliban movement , especially in the east , ' said a French intelligence source .
Those fighting British troops in Helmand province are thought to be linked to major clerics and traffickers in Pakistan .
In the south , the Taliban 's strategy has been influenced by the doctrine of Pakistani spymasters who ran the insurgent war against the Russians in the 1980s .
' The idea then was to keep Afghanistan just below boiling point , ' said one Pakistan - based veteran of the ' jihad ' against Moscow 's troops .
' The Taliban do n't want an apocalyptic explosion of violence .
They want a steady draining of the West 's resources , will and patience . '
The Pakistani influence on the Taliban strategy does not surprise many observers .
Senior Nato officials speak privately about ' major Taliban infrastructure ' in the neighbouring country but Western military intelligence analysis has consistently underestimated the group 's depth and breadth - it can almost be considered the army of an unofficial state lying across the Afghan - Pakistani frontier that has no formal borders but is bound together by ethnic , linguistic , ideological and political ties .
Centred on areas dominated by Pashtun tribes , ' Talibanistan ' stretches from the Indus river to the mountainous core of Afghanistan and comprises tens of millions of people who , as well as language and traditions , increasingly share an ultra-conservative form of Islam .
A political party linked to the Taliban is in power in the two most western provinces of Pakistan .
There are powerful commercial lobbies tied to smuggling of drugs and other commodities , while mainstream businesses such as timber and textiles provide vast amounts of cash which can be funnelled into military operations .
' The problem for the Nato planners is that the Taliban have a safe rear area , cash , arms supplies and the support of much of the population , ' said a Western diplomat in Islamabad .
' That 's all a successful guerrilla army needs . '
Western soldiers and political leaders insist on the need to win over hearts and minds , but many local observers believe that , at least in the south of Afghanistan , the opportunity offered by the defeat of the Taliban in 2002 to bring security and development to this strategically critical and opium - rich area has been missed .
The title of this devastating new book about the American war in Iraq says it all : “ Fiasco . ”
That is the judgment that Thomas E. Ricks , senior Pentagon correspondent for The Washington Post , passes on the Bush administration ’s decision to invade Iraq and its management of the war and the occupation .
And he serves up his portrait of that war as a misguided exercise in hubris , incompetence and folly with a wealth of detail and evidence that is both staggeringly vivid and persuasive .
By virtue of the author ’s wealth of sources within the American military and the book ’s comprehensive timeline ( beginning with the administration ’s inflammatory statements about Saddam Hussein in the wake of 9/11 , through the invasion and occupation , to the escalating religious and ethnic strife that afflicts the country today ) , “ Fiasco ” is absolutely essential reading for anyone interested in understanding how the United States came to go to war in Iraq , how a bungled occupation fed a ballooning insurgency and how these events will affect the future of the American military .
Though other books have depicted aspects of the Iraq war in more intimate and harrowing detail , though other books have broken more news about aspects of the war , this volume gives the reader a lucid , tough - minded overview of this tragic enterprise that stands apart from earlier assessments in terms of simple coherence and scope .
“ President George W. Bush ’s decision to invade Iraq in 2003 ultimately may come to be seen as one of the most profligate actions in the history of American foreign policy , ” Mr. Ricks writes .
“ The consequences of his choice wo n’t be clear for decades , but it already is abundantly apparent in mid-2006 that the U.S. government went to war in Iraq with scant solid international support and on the basis of incorrect information — about weapons of mass destruction and a supposed nexus between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda ’s terrorism — and then occupied the country negligently .
Thousands of U.S. troops and an untold number of Iraqis have died .
Hundreds of billions of dollars have been spent , many of them squandered .
Democracy may yet come to Iraq and the region , but so too may civil war or a regional conflagration , which in turn could lead to spiraling oil prices and a global economic shock . ”
Much of the material dealing with the time just before the war has been chronicled in earlier books ( not to mention an outpouring of newspaper and magazine articles ) , but Mr. Ricks provides a succinct narrative that emphasizes how this period “ laid the shaky foundation for the derelict occupation that followed . ”
He reminds us that when it came to the threat posed by Mr. Hussein , the administration consistently emphasized “ worst - case scenarios ” even as it was “ ‘ best - casing ’ the subsequent cost and difficulty of occupying the country . ”
And he shows how this blinkered outlook resulted in a failure to plan for the realities of the occupation and a failure to allocate sufficient manpower and resources .
The Museum of HP Calculators
RPL
In the late 1980s , HP was developing a new series of extremely powerful calculators that needed a new programming language .
For earlier calculators , memory was very expensive and bulky and the challenge for firmware writers was to pack a set of scientific functions into very little space .
They used machine language exclusively and carefully refined and re-refined their algorithms until they fit .
However , as memory became denser and less expensive , the major challenge shifted away from saving space to implementing and testing the many sophisticated functions that newer calculators contained .
HP examined existing languages such as BASIC but found them to be unsuitable both because of their limitations and their resource demands which were still rather high for pocket devices .
Instead , HP combined elements of RPN , Lisp and Forth and came up with a language called Reverse Polish Lisp or RPL .
From Lisp , RPL inherited concepts such as atomic and composite objects , temporary ( lambda ) variables , garbage collection , the ability to pass unevaluated objects as arguments etc. and from Forth , RPL inherited threaded execution and RPN notation with an unlimited stack .
RPL was developed both for HP 's internal programmers and for calculator users .
It was first used internally in the HP - 18C .
Since this model was non-programmable and algebraic , RPL was not presented to the user .
The HP - 18C is listed here as an " honorary member " of the RPL calculator family because it was the first calculator to be programmed internally in RPL , but most calculator users would n't think of it as an " RPL calculator " .
System and User RPL
The HP - 28C was the first calculator to be both internally programmed in RPL and to make RPL available to the user .
While the needs of both types of programmers overlapped , they also had their differences .
Most users expect their calculators to be relatively " bullet - proof " .
Many calculator users learn by experimentation so programming errors should be handled gracefully without any loss of data .
Internal programmers needed speed and efficiency .
Their job was to carefully debug their code and reload their calculator memory when bugs occurred in development .
Thus HP 's programmers were allowed to access powerful and quick aspects of RPL that were off - limits to the casual user .
As an example , the user - visible RPL command for multiply checks that there are two arguments on the stack , checks their types , and then calls an appropriate multiplication routine for real numbers , complex numbers , integers etc .
An HP programmer who is sure that the arguments will always be correct at some point inside a program can call the appropriate internal multiplication routine directly .
If the programmer is wrong , the calculator will behave unpredictably and might need to be reset and reloaded .
There are also internal commands which provide combined operations for saving space and time .
A few examples of added functions for binary integers are : # 1 + which adds 1 , dup # 1 + which duplicates x on the stack and then adds 1 , and #-# 2 / which subtracts y from x and divides by 2 .
Eventually , the term System RPL was used to describe the RPL system as available to internal programmers and User RPL was used to describe the safe subset with parameter validation etc .
User RPL was documented in the manuals and could be entered in the calculator via keystrokes .
System RPL programs were meant to be created with HP 's RPL compiler and then downloaded .
While originally meant for HP 's programmers , HP left a window to System RPL open via the SYSEVAL command .
SYSEVAL simply calls the address ( user binary ) provided in the first level of the stack .
Brave users who were n't deterred by memory corruption experimented with SYSEVAL and unlocked many of the secrets of the RPL calculators .
Later , James Donnelly , an HP - 48 developer , wrote " An Introduction to HP 48 System RPL and Assembly Language Programming . "
It was not an HP publication but was done with the company 's blessing and they allowed their HP - 48 development tools to be distributed on a disk that came with the book .
This opened to door to faster more powerful programming .
User RPL
User RPL is found in the HP - 28 , HP - 48 and HP - 49 series calculators .
System - RPL - only calculators such as the HP - 18C and the HP - 38G do not present most of the features below to the user .
( User ) RPL calculators have the following characteristics :
Stack Size Limited Only By Memory
RPL stacks are dynamically allocated and deallocated as needed .
This allows for arbitrary length expressions with no need to approach them in an optimal manner .
It also allows modern structured programming because unlimited numbers of parameters can be passed to subroutines via the stack and subroutines may be nested indefinitely .
The large stack requires a new labeling scheme so level 1 replaces what used to be called X , level 2 replaces Y etc. SWAP replaces X<>Y , LAST replaces LAST X , DROP effectively replaces CLX and additional stack manipulation commands were added .
Generalization of Data and Input Types ( Objects )
The first RPN calculators understood numbers and programs .
These two information types were kept separate by having a " program mode " and a " run mode " .
The evolution of RPN calculators added more modes as more types were added .
( For example alpha mode , complex mode ... )
RPL calculators do away with these modes while expanding the types .
Everything is an object and there are operations that act on simple and complex objects .
The object types that RPL calculators understand include :
Real numbers
Complex numbers
Binary numbers ( binary / hex / octal )
Lists
Arrays ( real and complex , vector and matrix )
Strings
Algebraic expressions
Programs
Objects are entered on the command line , parsed and stored on the stack .
At any point , an RPL stack may contain an arbitrary number of arbitrary objects .
Rather the sliding a switch to " Program " , the user enters the program onto the stack just like any other object .
Named Variables
Instead of numbered registers , RPL calculators have variables with alphanumeric names .
Any of the above data types can be stored on the stack or in a variable .
To store an object on level 1 of the stack , the user presses the ' key , types a name and presses STO .
This is a true postfix ( RPN ) notation .
( RPL does not require the user to include the closing quote so for example ' NAME STO is the same as ' NAME ' STO . )
RPL calculators have RCL keys but they are not often needed .
To recall a variable , the user can just enter the name without the ' which causes it to be evaluated .
In the case of a data type , evaluation of the name recalls the data .
In the case of a program , evaluation means running the program .
Integration of RPN and Algebraic Logic
RPL is stack - based but users can enter algebraic expressions such as ( A+ B ) * C .
For example , a user might set the values of A and B by entering 25 ENTER ' A ' STO 10 ENTER 'B ' STO .
Then the user can enter the algebraic expression ' ( A+ B ) * C ' and press EVAL .
The calculator would evaluate as much of the expression as possible leaving the algebraic object ' 35 * C ' on the stack .
The user might then multiply it by 10 ( 10 *) leaving ' 35 * C * 10 ' on the stack and then enter 5 'C ' STO and EVAL resulting in 1750 .
This method allows algebraic expression with the interactiveness of RPN .
Symbolic Math
RPL calculators can do math even when some ( or all ) variables are not defined .
In the above example ' 35 * C ' was multiplied by 10 leaving ' 35 * C *10 ' .
The user might simplify it further by pressing COLLECT which would result in 350* C .
Additional symbolic features of RPL calculators allow for algebraic isolation as well as differentiation , integration etc .
This allows many complex problems to be solved completely in the calculator .
Calculus
RPL calculators can symbolically compute integrals and derivatives for many expressions .
For example the user can enter the expression ' TAN ( X ^ 2 - 1 ) + SIN ( X ) ' , indicate differentiation with respect to X by entering ' X ' and then press d/dx .
The calculator responds with ' ( 1+SQ ( TAN ( X ^ 2 - 1 ) ) ) * ( 2*X ) +COS ( X ) ' .
The HP - 28C/S could also integrate symbolically but only for polynomials .
Other expressions required numeric integration which was also built - in .
Later RPL calculators provide a wider range of of functions that can be symbolically integrated .
The RPL Programming Language
RPL calculators require a somewhat different way of thinking about programs .
In previous calculators , programs were stored in a separate space with its own rules .
In RPL calculators , a program is an object which is delimited by << and >>.
To enter a program , the user can press << followed by the sequence of instructions and then ENTER .
Pressing the EVAL key runs the program .
( This process also consumes the program and any arguments it requires but there are ways to bring the consumed objects back such as the UNDO command . )
The program can also be saved in a variable just like any other object .
For example , with a program on level 1 , the user can enter ' PROG1 STO .
The user can then execute the program by typing PROG1 , or pressing the PROG1 label that automatically appears in the VAR menu .
The program can be recalled to the stack by typing ' PROG1 RCL , and the user can then edit it on the stack by pressing EDIT .
Alternately , the user can edit the program in the variable by pressing ' PROG1 VISIT .
RPL programs make use of named variables ( both local and global ) making them more readable and , of course , variables can hold any object type including arrays , expressions etc .
In place of conditional skip instructions , RPL supplies a full complement of high level language features including IF / THEN / ELSE , FOR / NEXT , DO / UNTIL , WHILE / REPEAT as well as error trapping .
Since RPL calculators have multi-line displays , a DISP instruction allows data to be displayed on any line .
RPL Examples
The following program computes the sum of the squares of the numbers 1 through 10 :
Program : Comments : << 0 Start with a sum of zero 1 10 FOR i For i = 1 to 10 ( start end FOR loop_var ) i SQ +
Add i^2 to the sum NEXT Add 1 to i and loop back to the FOR i >>
Here is the modification of the program above that takes the range of numbers from the stack .
This program demonstrates the use of a local variables fst and lst .
The variables fst and lst are visible only to the procedure that follows their definition .
Using lower case for local variables is a common convention but is not required .
( The variable i created by the FOR function is also local . )
Program : Comments : << -> fst lst
Save the numbers on the stack in local variable fst and lst <<
This is the block for which fst and lst are defined 0 Start with a sum of zero fst lst FOR i For i = fst to lst ( start end FOR loop_var ) i SQ +
Add i^2 to the sum NEXT Add 1 to i and loop back to the FOR i >> >>
After typing this program into the stack , it can be saved in the variable SSQS by pressing ' SSQS STO .
Then the start and end values can be entered on the stack and the user can either invoke SSQS by typing SSQS or choosing it from the USER menu .
Here is a modification of the above program that deals with the case of the the user entering the first and last values in reverse order .
Program : Comments : << DUP2
Duplicate the two input arguments because > will consume them IF > THEN SWAP END
If the order is reversed - then swap them on the stack before ... -> fst lst
Save the numbers on the stack in local variable fst and lst <<
This is the block for which fst and lst are defined 0 Start with a sum of zero fst lst FOR i For i = fst to lst ( start end FOR loop_var ) i SQ +
Add i^2 to the sum NEXT Add 1 to i and loop back to the FOR i >> >>
Here is a modification of the above program that does the same thing except that the conditional is expressed in a more " postfix way " .
The only difference is on the second line .
This one computes the test > which results in 1 or 0 , places a procedure on the stack ( containing only SWAP ) and then executes IFT which executes the procedure on level 1 of the stack if the condition on level 2 is true ( non-zero ) .
Program : Comments : << DUP2
Save the arguments (> will consume them ) > << SWAP >>
IFT
If the order is reversed - then swap them on the stack before ... -> fst lst
Save the numbers on the stack in local variable fst and lst <<
This is the block for which fst and lst are defined 0 Start with a sum of zero fst lst FOR i For i = fst to lst ( start end FOR loop_var ) i SQ +
Add i^2 to the sum NEXT Add 1 to i and loop back to the FOR i >> >>
Enhancements
The HP - 28S added directories and a custom menu to the above list of features .
The features continued to expand with the HP - 48 and HP - 49 series calculators .
Go to the HP - 18C
Go to the HP - 28C/ S
Go to the HP - 48S/SX
Go back to the main exhibit hall
Since I started teaching several years ago , after 25 years in the movie business , I ’ve come to learn firsthand that everything I ’d heard about the feminization of our schools is real — and far more pernicious to boys than I had imagined .
Christina Hoff Sommers was absolutely accurate in describing , in her 2000 bestseller , The War Against Boys , how feminist complaints that girls were “ losing their voice ” in a male - oriented classroom have prompted the educational establishment to turn the schools upside down to make them more girl - friendly , to the detriment of males .
As a result , boys have become increasingly disengaged .
Only 65 percent earned high school diplomas in the class of 2003 , compared with 72 percent of girls , education researcher Jay Greene recently documented .
Girls now so outnumber boys on most university campuses across the country that some schools , like Kenyon College , have even begun to practice affirmative action for boys in admissions .
And as in high school , girls are getting better grades and graduating at a higher rate .
As Sommers understood , it is boys ’ aggressive and rationalist nature — redefined by educators as a behavioral disorder — that ’s getting so many of them in trouble in the feminized schools .
Their problem : they do n’t want to be girls .
Take my tenth - grade student Brandon .
I noted that he was on the no-pass list again , after three consecutive days in detention for being disruptive .
“ Who gave it to you this time ? ” I asked , passing him on my way out .
“ Waverly , ” he muttered into the long folding table .
“ What for ? ”
“ Just asking a question , ” he replied .
“ No , ” I corrected him .
“ You said ” — and here I mimicked his voice — “ ‘ Why do we have to do this crap anyway ? ’
Right ? ”
Brandon recalls one of those sweet , ruby - cheeked boys you often see depicted on English porcelain .
He ’s smart , precocious , and — according to his special - education profile — has been “ behaviorally challenged ” since fifth grade .
The special - ed classification is the bane of the modern boy .
To teachers , it ’s a yellow flag that snaps out at you the moment you open a student ’s folder .
More than any other factor , it has determined Brandon ’s and legions of other boys ’ troubled tenures as students .
Brandon ’s current problem began because Ms. Waverly , his social studies teacher , failed to answer one critical question :
What was the point of the lesson she was teaching ?
One of the first observations I made as a teacher was that boys invariably ask this question , while girls seldom do .
When a teacher assigns a paper or a project , girls will obediently flip their notebooks open and jot down the due date .
Teachers love them .
God loves them .
Girls are calm and pleasant .
They succeed through cooperation .
Boys will pin you to the wall like a moth .
They want a rational explanation for everything .
If unconvinced by your reasons — or if you do n’t bother to offer any — they slouch contemptuously in their chairs , beat their pencils , or watch the squirrels outside the window .
Two days before the paper is due , girls are handing in the finished product in neat vinyl folders with colorful clip - art title pages .
It is n’t until the boys notice this that the alarm sounds .
“ Hey , you never told us ’bout a paper !
What paper ?!
I want to see my fucking counselor ! ”
A female teacher , especially if she has no male children of her own , I ’ve noticed , will tend to view boys ’ penchant for challenging classroom assignments as disruptive , disrespectful — rude .
In my experience , notes home and parent - teacher conferences almost always concern a boy ’s behavior in class , usually centering on this kind of conflict .
In today ’s feminized classroom , with its “ cooperative learning ” and “ inclusiveness , ” a student ’s demand for assurance of a worthwhile outcome for his effort is n’t met with a reasonable explanation but is considered inimical to the educational process .
Yet it ’s this very trait , innate to boys and men , that helps explain male success in the hard sciences , math , and business .
The difference between the male and female predilection for hard proof shows up among the teachers , too .
In my second year of teaching , I attended a required seminar on “ differentiated instruction , ” a teaching model that is the current rage in the fickle world of pop education theory .
The method addresses the need to teach all students in a classroom where academic abilities vary greatly — where there is “ heterogeneous grouping , ” to use the ed-school jargon — meaning kids with IQs of 55 sit side by side with the gifted .
The theory goes that the “ least restrictive environment ” is best for helping the intellectually challenged .
The teacher ’s job is to figure out how to dice up his daily lessons to address every perceived shortcoming and disability in the classroom .
After the lecture , we broke into groups of five , with instructions to work cooperatively to come up with a model lesson plan for just such a classroom situation .
My group had two men and three women .
The women immediately set to work ; my seasoned male cohort and I reclined sullenly in our chairs .
“ Are the women going to do all the work ? ” one of the women inquired brightly after about ten minutes .
“ This is baloney , ” my friend declared , yawning , as he chucked the seminar handout into a row of empty plastic juice bottles .
“ We would n’t have this problem if we grouped kids by ability , like we used to . ”
The women , all dedicated teachers , understood this , too .
But that was n’t the point .
Treating people as equals was a social goal well worth pursuing .
And we contentious boys were just too dumb to get it .
Female approval has a powerful effect on the male psyche .
Kindness , consideration , and elevated moral purpose have nothing to do with an irreducible proof , of course .
Yet we male teachers squirm when women point out our moral failings — and our boy students do , too .
This is the virtue that has helped women redefine the mission of education .
The notion of male ethical inferiority first arises in grammar school , where women make up the overwhelming majority of teachers .
It ’s here that the alphabet soup of supposed male dysfunctions begins .
And make no mistake : while girls occasionally exhibit symptoms of male - related disorders in this world , females diagnosed with learning disabilities simply do n’t exist .
For a generation now , many well - meaning parents , worn down by their boy ’s failure to flourish in school , his poor self - esteem and unhappiness , his discipline problems , decide to accept administration recommendations to have him tested for disabilities .
The pitch sounds reasonable : admission into special ed qualifies him for tutoring , modified lessons , extra time on tests ( including the SAT ) , and other supposed benefits .
It ’s all a hustle , Mom and Dad privately advise their boy .
Do n’t worry about it .
We know there ’s nothing wrong with you .
To get into special ed , however , administrators must find something wrong .
In my four years of teaching , I ’ve never seen them fail .
In the first IEP ( Individualized Educational Program ) meeting , the boy and his parents learn the results of disability testing .
When the boy hears from three smiling adults that he does indeed have a learning disability , his young face quivers like Jell - O .
For him , it was never a hustle .
From then on , however , his expectations of himself — and those of his teachers — plummet .
Special ed is the great spangled elephant in the education parade .
Each year , it grows larger and more lumbering , drawing more and more boys into the procession .
Since the publication of Sommers ’s book , it has grown tenfold .
Special ed now is the single largest budget item , outside of basic operations , in most school districts across the country .
Special - ed boosters like to point to the success that boys enjoy after they begin the program .
Their grades rise , and the phone calls home cease .
Anxious parents feel reassured that progress is happening .
In truth , I have rarely seen any real improvement in a student ’s performance after he ’s become a special - ed kid .
On my first day of teaching , I received manila folders for all five of my special - ed students — boys all — with a score of modifications that I had to make in each day ’s lesson plan .
I noticed early on that my special - ed boys often sat at their desks with their heads down or casually staring off into space , as if tracking motes in their eyes , while I proceeded with my lesson .
A special - ed caseworker would arrive , take their assignments , and disappear with the boys into the resource room .
The students would return the next day with completed assignments .
“ Did you do this yourself ? ” I ’d ask , dubious .
They assured me that they did .
I became suspicious , however , when I noticed that they could n’t perform the same work on their own , away from the resource room .
A special - ed caseworker ’s job is to keep her charges from failing .
A failure invites scrutiny and reams of paperwork .
The caseworkers do their jobs .
Brandon has been on the special - ed track since he was nine .
He knows his legal rights as well as his caseworkers do .
And he plays them ruthlessly .
In every debate I have with him about his low performance , Brandon delicately threads his response with the very sinews that bind him .
After a particularly easy midterm , I made him stay after class to explain his failure .
“ An ‘ F ’ ? ! ” I said , holding the test under his nose .
“ You were supposed to modify that test , ” he countered coolly .
“ I only had to answer nine of the 27 questions .
The nine I did are all right . ”
His argument is like a piece of fine crystal that he rolls admiringly in his hand .
He demands that I appreciate the elegance of his position .
I do , particularly because my own is so weak .
Yet while the process of education may be deeply absorbing to Brandon , he long ago came to dismiss the content entirely .
For several decades , white Anglo - Saxon males — Brandon ’s ancestors — have faced withering assault from feminism - and multiculturalism - inspired education specialists .
Armed with a spiteful moral rectitude , their goal is to sever his historical reach , to defame , cover over , dilute . . . and then reconstruct .
In today ’s politically correct textbooks , Nikki Giovanni and Toni Morrison stand shoulder - to - shoulder with Mark Twain , William Faulkner , and Charles Dickens , even though both women are second - raters at best .
But even in their superficial aspects , the textbooks advertise publishers ’ intent to pander to the prevailing PC attitudes .
The books feature page after page of healthy , exuberant young girls in winning portraits .
Boys ( white boys in particular ) will more often than not be shunted to the background in photos or be absent entirely or appear sitting in wheelchairs .
The underlying message is n’t lost on Brandon .
His keen young mind reads between the lines and perceives the folly of all that he ’s told to accept .
Because he lacks an adult perspective , however , what he cannot grasp is the ruthlessness of the war that the education reformers have waged .
Often when he provokes , it ’s simple boyish tit for tat .
A week ago , I dispatched Brandon to the library with directions to choose a book for his novel assignment .
He returned minutes later with his choice and a twinkling smile .
“ I got a grrreat book , Mr. Garibaldi ! ” he said , holding up an old , bleary , clothbound item .
“ Can I read the first page aloud , pahlease ? ”
My mind buzzed like a fly , trying to discover some hint of mischief .
“ Who ’s the author ? ”
“ Ah , Joseph Conrad , ” he replied , consulting the frontispiece .
“ Can I ? Huh , huh , huh ? ”
“ I guess so . ”
Brandon eagerly stood up before the now - alert class of mostly black and Puerto Rican faces , adjusted his shoulders as if straightening a prep- school blazer , then intoned solemnly : “ The Nigger of the ‘ Narcissus ’ ” — twinkle , twinkle , twinkle .
“ Chapter one . . . . ”
Merry mayhem ensued .
Brandon had one of his best days of the year .
Boys today feel isolated and outgunned , but many , like Brandon , do n’t lack pluck and courage .
They often seem to have more of it than their parents , who writhe uncomfortably before a system steeled in the armor of “ social conscience . ”
The game , parents whisper to themselves , is to play along , to maneuver , to outdistance your rival .
Brandon ’s struggle is an honest one : to preserve truth and his own integrity .
Boys who get a compartment on the special - ed train take the ride to its end without looking out the window .
They wait for the moment when they can step out and scorn the rattletrap that took them nowhere .
At the end of the line , some , like Brandon , may have forged the resiliency of survival .
But that ’s not what school is for .
Up to 14 hurt in SF hit - and - run spree / 7 critical ; driver believed to have struck , killed a man in Fremont earlier
The suspect in a number of hit and run incidents in San Francisco , abandoned his vehicle , with a smashed front , on Spruce Street at California in San Francisco on Aug. 28 , 2006 Liz Mangelsdorf / The Chronicle
The suspect in a number of hit and run incidents in San Francisco , abandoned his vehicle , with a smashed front , on Spruce Street at California in San Francisco on Aug. 28 , 2006 Liz Mangelsdorf / The Chronicle Photo : Liz Mangelsdorf Photo : Liz Mangelsdorf Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close
Up to 14 hurt in SF hit - and - run spree / 7 critical ; driver believed to have struck , killed a man in Fremont earlier 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
Updated 6:13 p.m. --
As many as 14 people were injured this afternoon by a motorist who drove around San Francisco deliberately running them down before being arrested by police , who believe the same driver struck and killed a man earlier today in Fremont .
At least one hit - and - run victim remained in critical condition this evening .
Reports of the incidents began pouring in at 12:47 p.m. , police said .
Within a half - hour , San Francisco police had cornered and arrested 29 - year - old Omeed Aziz Popal , who has addresses in Ceres ( Stanislaus County ) and Fremont .
Authorities suspect Popal was the same driver who ran over and killed a 54 - year - old man in Fremont around noon .
That man , whose name was not immediately released , had been walking in a bicycle lane at Fremont Boulevard near Ferry Lane when he was struck and thrown into a field , where , as of 5:30 p.m. , his body remained covered with a tarp .
That crash scene is just blocks from Popal 's Fremont address , where he had most recently been living .
San Francisco police spokesman Sgt. Neville Gittens said the attacks in the city occurred at 12 locations over a 20 - minute period .
" The hits were intentional , " he said , noting that police are treating them as assaults .
Gittens had no information about a possible motive .
Popal was arrested after patrol cars boxed in his black Honda SUV , its windshield and right front headlight smashed , outside a Walgreens store on Spruce Street between California and Mayfair in the Laurel Heights area .
A dental office manager , who identified herself only as Kira , watched from a second - floor window as police dragged the driver out of his vehicle .
" He was absolutely indifferent , no fear , no expression , " she said .
" He was like a zombie . "
Architect Jeremy Warms also saw police pull Popal out of the SUV and sit him down on the curb .
" He looked calm and pretty clean - cut , like a normal guy , " Warms said .
" He sat on the pavement for a good 25 minutes .
I do n't think anyone said anything to him .
They put him in a police car and took him away . "
This evening , it was unclear exactly how many people had been injured , and in what order the incidents occurred .
The police reported the following injuries :
--
Two people , one of them a child , were seriously injured on the 3500 block of California Street in Laurel Heights .
-- Three people were hit at California and Fillmore streets .
Witnesses said they included a man with a broken hip and a woman with a gashed head .
-- Two people were seriously hurt at Bush and Pierce streets .
-- One person was seriously injured at Bush and Buchanan streets .
-- One person suffered minor injuries in an incident at 1850 Fillmore St .
--
Two other people suffered minor injuries when they were hit at Pine at Divisadero streets .
-- Two people were hit and suffered minor injuries at Divisadero and Bush streets .
" It was like ' Death Race 2000 , ' " firefighter Danny Bright said at California and Fillmore streets as an ambulance stood nearby .
" Guys were walking down the sidewalk , and the guy just came up and ran them over .
The guy went crazy . "
Mayor Gavin Newsom visited five of the victims at San Francisco General Hospital .
" This was so senseless and inexplicable , " the mayor said afterward .
One man he visited , who identified himself as Jesse , said as he was walking out of the hospital , " The car came after me .
I 'm lucky to be alive .
Life is good . "
Of the other six victims taken to S.F. General , who ranged in age from 18 to 84 , four were scheduled to be discharged later in the day , and one was in critical condition in the intensive care unit , said Eileen Shields , spokeswoman for the city Public Health Department .
Three other victims were taken to St. Francis Hospital , one to Kaiser and two to California Pacific Medical Center , authorities said .
Emanule Gowan , 50 , said he had been standing on his Steiner Street doorstep around 1 p.m. when an SUV roared by , driving the wrong way down Bush Street , and hit an elderly man in the crosswalk .
" The man must have gone up in the air about 8 feet and landed on the SUV's windshield , " Gowan said .
" He slid off the windshield , and the SUV rolled right over him and took off , leaving the man hollering on the ground . "
After running a stop sign and hitting another pedestrian in a crosswalk on Sutter Street , the driver headed off down Steiner , Gowan said .
" I looked right at him , and he looked at me as he busted down the street , " Gowan said .
" He was very calm . "
Other witnesses described the SUV as jumping the sidewalk in apparent pursuit of pedestrians .
Jackie Le , owner of J.T. Nails on Fillmore Street , said she was filing a customer 's nails around 12:50 p.m. when the woman started screaming , " Oh my God , an SUV on the sidewalk -- it hit a woman on the sidewalk . "
Linda Tuttle , a stylist at a beauty salon on Fillmore between Bush and Sutter , said she saw the driver heading down the sidewalk , sitting close to the steering wheel , an angry look on his face .
Larry Jackson saw the vehicle driving the right direction on Bush Street , slowing at the intersection of Pierce Street as a woman walked in the crosswalk .
" He let her walk by till she got in front of him , and he just punched it , " Jackson said .
He attended to the woman and , a short time later , the driver roared down Bush in the wrong direction .
The SUV struck two people in front of the Jewish Community Center of San Francisco on California Street , a few blocks from where the rampage ended .
Blood covered the sidewalk in front of the center 's gift store entrance , and 50 feet farther down the sidewalk lay a mangled bicycle .
Security cameras in front of the center captured images of the incident , which happened at 1:12 p.m. , according to Aaron Rosenthal , spokesman for the community center .
One victim , Pedro Aglugov , 70 , was sitting at a table at a sidewalk cafe at California and Fillmore with his head bandaged with gauze , holding an ice pack to one elbow .
" He was going real fast , " Aglugov said of the driver .
" I was lucky I was n't hurt more . "
Eliseo Billones Jr. , 24 , a canvasser for Greenpeace , had been standing on the corner when Aglugov was hit .
" He was going berserk , " Billones said of the driver .
" It was a red light , and he just ran the red light .
I saw him ( Aglugov ) hit the corner of the bumper and tumble . "
Barclay Lynn , 39 , of San Francisco , said she and a friend had been traveling east on Bush when they noticed a black SUV driving away and saw that a motorcyclist had been hit .
" The motorcyclist stood in the intersection trying to signal the driver to stop , " Lynn said .
The SUV then " went speeding in reverse on Bush heading west , weaving in and out of traffic .
The whole right side of his SUV was smashed in . "
At Frankie 's Bohemian Cafe at Divisadero and Pine , a man named William , who asked that his last name not be used , said he had been walking south on Divisadero when " we heard the thump , turned around , saw bodies flying . "
The driver went down Pine and Bush , " stood on the gas , " then a couple of minutes later " came flying up through the bus lane " headed north on Divisadero .
Another man at the cafe , Max Bran , said , " We thought he was going to stop and give up , but instead he just stepped on the gas .
It did n't matter , regardless of the lights . "
Bran said he saw a woman knocked down .
" She was just crossing the street , just crossing the street , " he said .
" In fact , I had just crossed the street . "
Authorities suspect that the SUV is the same one that struck and killed a pedestrian in Fremont earlier today .
That victim had been walking north on Fremont Boulevard in the bicycle lane when he was struck from behind and knocked several feet into a field , Fremont Officer Alan Zambonin said .
He was pronounced dead at the scene .
The black SUV , a Honda described as a Pilot or a CRV , made no attempt to stop or help the victim , police said .
Zambonin estimated the SUV had been traveling as fast as 50 mph and sped away with a shattered windshield and damage to the right front side .
" It 's a good possibility ( the incidents ) are all connected , " Zambonin said .
There are some companies in the world people love to hate .
One can read or hear people rant at the mere mention of the company .
One such company is Dell probably coming next only to Microsoft , atleast in the computer world .
You just have to look into any Dell related article in Slashdot or Anandtech and see the reader comments to know what I am talking about .
What is it about the company that brings fire into people 's loins ?
Some blame it on the decreasing quality of the products attributed to the movement of production to China where as some like to blame it on the technical support that they receive , especially from India .
So what is the real story ?
I am an hardware enthusiast with good knowledge of computer hardware and software .
I have been programming since 14 and have been building hardware for quite a long time now .
I am an Instrumentation and control systems engineer by background .
I presently work for a semiconductor company in India .
After graduation and in desperate need of a job , Dell came to my rescue by calling in people for a walk - in interview for technical support .
Knowing that the requirements were in my home turf , I decided to give it a shot .
I was pretty upbeat about working for the largest hardware manufacturer in the world and quite excited at the prospect of getting to learn more about hardware .
I had about 5 rounds of interview and sailed smoothly into the company .
However , one thing threw me off .
Hardly any technical questions were asked in the interview .
I gathered that they were more interested in my communication skills than anything else .
Infact , my knowledge of computers , which I tried to establish to them , did not have any effect on the interviewer .
Absolutely no advantage of having known anything about computers .
I noticed that anyone who had passable English and knew how to click the mouse made through .
This was the first indication that the company did not respect technical knowledge much .
Thus began my career in Dell which lasted for about 18 months and ended 8 months ago .
From the time of selection to the point of training , I wondered about the skill set of the people who would work with me .
It bothered me quite a bit that language was the only qualification for making it into the company .
I was n't sure how the company intended to turn freshers and non-computing graduates to computer technicians .
So the training began and I was quite surprised by the diversity of the crowd .
There I was , sitting in between commerce , literature , arts and environmental science students with a few engineers thrown in .
There were even part time MBA students .
The training went on for about 3 months and I must say I was quite impressed by some of the trainers .
They had complete faith in making good technicians out of commerce students and by the end of the training they were better with computers by a magnitude .
As for me , I found the the process of listening to all the computer lectures a boring event .
I knew almost everything they were teaching .
I even knew more than the trainers because the trainers themselves were not engineers but mostly commerce and arts students who have been doing the technical support job for a long time now and had gotten good at it .
I enjoyed those moments of training when I was asked to make presentations and by the end I was regularly called in to cover various technologies because the crowd understood me better .
Sitting with them gave me an idea of the level they were in and where the trainer was going wrong .
I was doing the trainer 's job better than the trainer himself .
When I asked if I could move in as a trainer I got a cold shoulder stating that I had to complete a minimum of 2 years in the company if I wanted to be a trainer .
This was the second indication of lack of respect for my technical knowledge though it was quite out in the open that I could do that job well .
Finally the team of 30 or so finished the training and about 29 cleared the final test and the rest were spread across the many existing teams across the work floor .
Only one dropped out of a conscious choice because he believed that he was n't designed to do such a job .
There were about 100 people on a single work floor at any time and easily more than 400 people using the floor in a single day over all the shifts .
I took it for granted that everyone in the team I was set to join would know more than me because they have been working in the company for long .
I would quite frequently ask questions to my colleagues in my early days .
Initially these questions were Dell specific technical questions and most questions were on the policies and procedures of the company .
Slowly I realized that my colleagues were not as good with computers as I thought they were .
While common issues and policies were handled with breeze , new issues would freak out most of them .
As for me , I found common issues boring to handle .
I kept looking forward to challenges in new issues .
Within a month of being on the floor I had mastered my job and was better than most people in the team .
By the end of a call , I made sure that the caller hung up happy with his problem solved .
If that did n't happen , I would be quite unhappy with myself .
However , when I looked around , I noticed that such was not the attitude in most people .
Most of them would be excited to just get done with the call .
Not everyone was as enthusiastic as me to fix problems .
For many , the job was a simple matter of getting good at using google or searching the database .
Many people were frustrated with the job and quite unhappy .
The attrition rate in the company was high .
The morale was most often low .
If someone got a better job he was considered lucky and envied .
If someone moved to a similar job in another company , say HP , everyone was curious to know if things were better in the other company .
Attrition happened in groups most often .
People were constantly quitting the company in huge numbers and equal numbers were moving in to replace them .
Within 6 months , only 10 of the original 30 remained in the company .
As my tenure in the company increased , the attrition also seemed to be increasing .
I tried to figure out the reason and this is what I concluded : lack of interest in the job .
Even if you can force a dog to eat rice , it is always happier eating the beef .
People who are not interested in something technical can never sustain in such an environment .
They have no motivation from new technologies being released or new issues being encountered .
The initial motivation is salary and then it moves on to recognition for work .
Some get lucky and move up where as many stay back .
Most others continue to take calls year over year and do n't get anywhere .
Sometimes bad luck , sometimes bad work .
I noticed that over a period of time the number of employees waiting to move to managerial positions was increasing dramatically and there were n't enough openings in management to move these people .
Many of them quit out of frustration due to lack of growth .
No one wanted to take calls for ever .
So they quit the job or found similar jobs in other companies where a new environment and the training process would give them relief for sometime until they were ready to move to another company .
Another factor contributing to the depression was night shifts .
Almost the entire technical support center worked nights .
If there were 20 teams supporting a segment by night , there would only be one by the day .
And shifts changed every month .
So one could never plan for more than a month ahead and many longed for a saturday - sunday weekend with the rest of the country .
This added to a lack of social life and a lot of frustration .
So why do most people take up these jobs in the first place ?
In a country with population over 1 billion , it is quite an arduous task to find a job , let alone find a job of personal preference .
In such a situation , a job that is easy to get and one that pays decently is the easiest route to take .
People are willing to give up on their interests and take up a job that has nothing to do with what they studied .
It makes me question the purpose of education .
And once into a company for technical support , the chances of switching from this line of work to another becomes very difficult .
Not every stream pays as much .
Not many want to take a job based on their qualification at the cost of earning less money .
It is a simple matter of human survival at the cost of compromise .
Hence the same people keep jumping from one support company to another until they have possibly supported every other computer model out there in the world .
So attrition is not a Dell specific problem but an issue with every company providing technical support service .
So that brings up the question ?
Can a company like Dell afford the attrition .
The answer is yes .
This is so because the alternative is more expensive .
I will be getting back to this later .
Almost every aspect of my work at Dell was quantized .
Every thing was converted to measurable numbers .
Performance appraisals and other benefits were direct reflections of these numbers .
There were factors like customer experience - a rating from 1 to 9 , 9 being the best and 1 being the least , received from surveys from customers , resolution rate - how much a technician was able to fix problems without having the same customer call back for the next n days , number of calls in a day , average time for a call , number of parts dispatches , number of repeat parts dispatches , cost per dispatch and many more .
Each metric had its weightage in the overall scheme of things and this weightage varied depending on company priorities .
If the company was in cost cutting mode , part dispatch related metrics would get higher priority .
Customer experience was an all time high priority in Dell .
This was one aspect of the company I totally liked .
The management was genuinely interested in ensuring that customers were satisfied .
However the problem lied within how this satisfaction was achieved by misuse of the loop holes in the quantization system .
A lot of them were interested in ensuring that they had good surveys from customers .
Also of importance is the fact that customer surveys did not go for all calls that were taken .
Surveys were random .
Not all end users would be happy about having their inbox flooded with surveys each time they called .
Hence this turned out to be a weakness in the system .
If a technician was to get a survey for say 1 in 10 calls , then he could avoid being low in customer experience rating merely by taking a lot of calls and hoping that very few surveys went and those that went were positive .
And in most cases this actually happened .
An average technician could keep solving simple issues while not making the effort to resolve complex issues and then ensuring that he took enough calls to make up for the few complex issues which normally took a lot of time .
At this time I must also add that a lot of people who call are computer illiterates and almost expect a computer usage tutorial over the phone somtimes .
Some of them call for the silliest of issues like computer not powering up which turns out be a disconnected power cable from the wall socket .
Such calls are like heaven to many technicians because they do n't have to rack their brains and get good surveys and do so over a very short call .
As for a technically inclined person like me , the real challenge was in solving complex issue by finding root cause and working on it .
I had no satisfaction over getting a call that just required me to explain to the end user how to connect a power cable to the wall socket .
This difference in attitude cost me a lot in terms of performance .
I would spend a lot of time on my calls trying to ensure that every call issue is resolved while others took many calls .
In the end an average technician had equal or better numbers than I did .
I always wished surveys went out to on every call so that the numerical data was more reliable and a better indication of the true skill of the technician .
Over sometime I developed a resistance to this and ignored the system .
I enjoyed my work .
I was called in many a times to assist complex issues with others and also had the chance to do a lot many technical training sessoions for the rest of the team .
Most of my time was spent trying to learn new technologies .
If I thought I was at 85 on 100 in computers before joining Dell , I would say that I reached around 90 by the time I quit Dell and most of this improvement happened in the first 6 months after which things got stale .
When as a company you are able to effectively quantize information you can work out mathematical formulae that relate most inputs to outputs and chalk out a plan of action to ensure that the targeted outputs ( E.g. financial numbers or sales figures ) are achieved by modifying the inputs ( E.g . Call metrics from support , quality of the product ) .
But this of course comes at the cost of ignoring other things that are not quantizable which could affect the numbers indirectly .
I am sure they have even worked out formulae to match attrition with company growth and revenues and other financial metrics .
From the company 's point of view , considering the volumes , the break even period for an employee is very low .
I am not sure how much but it is very very low .
This is evident from the fact that I have not seen much action being taken by the company to curb this attrition .
They are willing to let go employees which I suspect is only because they break even their investment in training quickly if on an average an employee works for atleast a couple of months .
From what I have seen , it looks like Dell does n't like keeping people for long because they become a liability in terms of increasing pay .
This is mainly because there is no drastic difference between the best and the worst technician due to the quantization loop hole .
The difference between the employees lie in the work attitude and motivation which cannot be quantized easily .
It might not be possible to keep employee morale high for the simple reason of the massive employee count that Dell has to keep satisifed which translates into spending a lot of money .
If employee satisfaction was placed over monetary gains , then the company would spend a lot of money to put into effect methods to achieve the employee satisfaction .
And these methods might take a long time to reap benefit .
It would be very difficult to revamp the whole system and start over from scratch , atleast in the technical support environment .
So unless they stop recruiting non-computer engineers and pay the computer engineers really well , which might not be feasible because of the number of people they need to employ to replace and / or fire existing employees , there is no other remedy that I can think off for the situation .
When I look at the overall picture I do agree with my friend who suggested that it is first and foremost a recruitment failure , this whole idea that any Tom , Dick and Harry and can be taken and trained in computer troubleshooting .
It is just not possible in most cases .
Not everyone can be a successfull convert .
One other peculiar thing I noticed in the company is the support levels .
There was a point in time in Dell when any issue with the computer would be supported .
This would range from hardware issues to operating system issues to third party application issues .
During the early days when Dell was not all so popular this was quite feasible .
As computers became more and more popular and along with that windows and its problems , most issues that technicians were handling were mostly operating system related issues and security issues like viruses and spyware in the operating system .
For a layman who is not aware of the specifics of the computer , it is quite easy to blame everything on the computer and say something like " This computer sucks " .
One can not blame the end user most often and not expect him to be aware .
The computer is not a life for many and is merely a tool to get the job done .
At the same time it is quite easy for the user to blame the manufacturer .
Since Dell picks up the operating system for the computer from MIcrosoft for a lower cost than the general public , Microsoft does not support operating system related issues .
Dell customers who call on operating system problems on computers that were purchased from Dell are directed by Microsoft to Dell .
And Dell has to take the burden of fixing issues with an operating system that they never designed in the first place .
Technicians had the additional burden of having to know everything about windows , more than the hardware that was supplied by Dell .
And over a period of time as issues became mostly OS and application related , rules were bought in regarding level of support and all OS related support was made paid support .
This frustrated a lot of Dell customers who were used to the free support for a long time .
All this has added to the bad reputation that Dell has developed in the recent time .
I am not sure how the company is going to overcome all these hurdles .
But I do know that they need to do something and do it quick .
It is the goal of all comapanies to make as much money as possible .
With this in mind , it becomes necessary to be as competitive as possible by providing highest performance for the lowest cost while at the same time making profit .
Such goals are feasible only by finding cheaper labor and production costs , thereby necessitating the need to move technical support to places like India and production to places like China .
This is unavoidable and inevitable in a global economy .
There is no point in cribbing over loss of jobs in the United States by thinking that Indians are making merry .
It goes beyond such an outlook on the situation .
The whole situation needs to be looked into from the perspective of being humans without land barriers .
Once again , it needs to be looked in from the perspective that its a question of human survival , wherever in the world the human might be .
How to be a programmer
September 14 , 2006
intellisense || \/ code > > > compile > > > > > run > > > > success ; -) /\ || || ^^ \/ \/ ^^ errors errors ^^ \\ // ^^ \\ // ^^ google ^^ || \\ \/ \< < < < < < < copy N paste
Updated : can be animated !
My book " Choose Your First Product " is available now .
It gives you 4 easy steps to find and validate a humble product idea .
Learn more .
Peer - to - peer accounts for a large chunk of internet usage
Instead they have moved to another network called eDonkey , showed a study by internet analysis firm CacheLogic .
It found that eDonkey has become the dominant peer - to - peer file - sharing network in countries such as South Korea , Italy , Germany and Spain .
The study seems to suggest that the legal action to stamp out file - sharing is meeting with limited success .
BitTorrent alternatives
The movie industry started targeting the operators of BitTorrent networks themselves last December .
It has filed numerous lawsuits against BitTorrent server sites which linked to copyrighted material in order to undermine the ability to swap content .
History is repeating itself .
File - sharers moved from Kazaa to BitTorrent and now to eDonkey
Andrew Parker , CacheLogic
While the use of BitTorrent has fallen , file sharers have moved to an alternative network called eDonkey .
This is a decentralised file - sharing network , where files are not stored on a central server but are exchanged directly between users based on the peer - to - peer principle .
In countries such as the UK , Japan and China , eDonkey was as widely used as BitTorrent , found CacheLogic .
In others like South Korea , it has become the most popular way of swapping content .
Cat and mouse game
" History is repeating itself , " said Andrew Parker , CacheLogic 's chief technology officer .
" File - sharers moved from Kazaa to BitTorrent and now to eDonkey . "
Some high - profile BitTorrent tracker sites have been closed down
In the US and Canada , there has been a surprising resurgence of the Gnutella file - sharing network .
It was one of the first P2P services to be targeted by the record industry but has since faded into the background .
" People are migrating to Gnutella as the attention of the record and movie industry is elsewhere , " said Mr Parker .
" The conduit is irrelevant .
People are after content .
This cat and mouse game will continue . "
According to CacheLogic , 60 % of the traffic on the internet by the end of 2004 was made up of peer - to - peer activity , though it does not have a breakdown of how much of this is copyrighted material .
Published online 7 March 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060306-9
News
Caffeine boosts risk of heart attacks in the genetically susceptible .
How many cups of coffee should you have ?
It may depend on your genes .
© Getty
People carrying a common variation in a certain gene could be worsening their risk of a heart attack simply by drinking several cups of coffee per day .
A possible link between coffee and heart disease has been tested before , but the results have been controversial .
One reason is that coffee addicts are more likely to smoke and indulge in other unhealthy behaviours ; another is that coffee contains a mix of caffeine and other chemicals , so it is unclear what provokes the body .
In the new study , researchers specifically tested whether caffeine in coffee could promote heart problems by examining a gene called CYP1A2 .
The gene , which codes for an enzyme that helps to break down caffeine , comes in two flavours : one version , known as CYP1A2 * 1 F , metabolizes caffeine more slowly than the other .
People who carry one or two copies of the ' slow ' gene are slow metabolizers and take longer to rid the body of caffeine than those who carry two copies of the ' fast ' gene .
Ahmed El - Sohemy of the University of Toronto , Canada , and his team examined more than 2,000 people in Costa Rica who had suffered , but survived , a heart attack , and an equivalent group of healthy individuals .
A questionnaire revealed that quaffing coffee boosted the risk of a heart attack in those who had genes making them slow metabolizers .
Slow metabolizers who drank two to three 250 - millilitre cups of coffee each day were 36 % more likely to have suffered a heart attack than single - cup drinkers .
And those who drank four or more cups were 64 % more likely to have been struck .
The risk was greatest in those below the age of 60 .
By contrast , one to three cups seemed to protect those individuals whose genes made them fast metabolizers .
" The results are clear and quite striking , " says El - Sohemy .
Researchers do not know exactly how caffeine could be affecting the heart , but one idea is that it could affect the ability of blood vessels to expand and contract .
Drop the pick - me - up ?
The study suggests that a simple genetic test could identify those who are slow caffeine metabolizers , and that these people could be advised to cut down on their morning pick - me - up .
But both El - Sohemy and other experts say they are not ready to make that recommendation yet .
" Other conditions needs to be fulfilled before we can sound the alarm of ' Abandon Starbucks !
Young CYP1A2 * 1 F carriers first !' " says Jose Ordovas , an expert in nutrition and genetics at Tufts University , Boston , Massachusetts .
People who consume a lot of coffee could also be more stressed and sleep less , and this could explain their heart problems , Ordovas says .
Coffee culture
To confirm the recent study , experts say that it needs to be repeated in other ethnically and genetically different populations , in which other genes and lifestyle factors could influence how caffeine affects the heart .
Researchers would then need to carry out clinical trials in which they randomly assign a group of individuals to take caffeine or a placebo , and examine whether the caffeine can cut cholesterol or other indicators of heart health .
ADVERTISEMENT
El - Sohemy notes that people cannot assume that they are slow metabolizers just because they become jittery after one cup of coffee .
The eye - opening effect of caffeine is determined primarily by the way it acts in the nervous system , rather than by how long it lingers in the body .
So it is hard to determine slow metabolizers from fast ones just from the way they react to coffee .
Post a comment to this story by visiting our mixesbadlywithcertai.html " > newsblog .
Reuters
THE polls go up , the polls go down and there are still more than three weeks to go : time for any amount of sleaze or terror to influence the voters .
But it is quite possible that America 's mid-term elections on November 7th will produce a close result , not just in the House of Representatives , where it has long been predicted , but in the Senate too .
At which point things could get fraught .
The problem is voting machines .
Not the ones with hole - punches and their chads , hanging , swinging and dimpled .
Since the debacle of 2000 in Florida federal money to the tune of several billion dollars has been lavished on replacing them .
Unfortunately , many have been replaced with new ones that may be even worse .
In a close election the prospect of just a handful of the 435 House seats or one or two of the 33 Senate seats at stake being furiously challenged in court is all too plausible .
Like the presidency in 2000 , the colour of Congress could have to be decided by lawyers .
How could this have happened ?
Mainly because lots of states and counties went for touch - screen devices , very like ATMs , instead of a much better alternative , optical scanners that count votes marked by hand on paper ballots , rather like lottery forms or multiple - choice exam papers .
The good thing about scanners is that the original ballot is by definition available for re-counting .
With touch - screens , it is n't .
Fortunately , more than half of America 's 3,000 - odd counties have opted for scanners .
But about a third have chosen the touch - screens .
A thermal printer to produce a record is available as an added extra on some touch - screen machines .
But when these were tried out , as they have been across the country in primary elections in the past few months , the results were not encouraging .
If the paper is put in wrongly , the printer does not print at all .
Even when it was the right way round , there were many cases of the paper jamming , tearing or producing unreadable results .
The fact that most election officials are unpaid volunteers , very often elderly and with little or no training , also caused difficulties .
At any rate , with a touch - screen system the paper - trail is produced by the machine , and so is only as good as the machine .
And the machines , it also turns out , may be vulnerable to tampering .
In September three scientists at Princeton University got hold of the most popular touch - screen model and took it and its software to bits .
They found serious flaws allowing a competent hacker to infect the machine with a program to transfer votes from one candidate to another .
Such a change could be undetectable without a recount ( assuming one were possible ) , and the program could be introduced into the machine far in advance by anyone having access to the machine 's memory - card reader for as little as a minute .
The readers are protected by a lock , but the lock is a standard one , and keys can be bought on the internet : besides , the keys circulate among election officials .
And the researchers found that their program could be spread from machine to machine via the memory - cards .
Voting - machine companies make things worse by keeping their software secret : were it published , security experts would be able to assess it and recommend fixes .
Pray for a clear result — and then buy some decent kit
Many people will see this as a conspiracy too far , and perhaps it is .
But another problem is that the machines used at polling stations have a tendency to break down .
Avi Rubin , a computer science professor at Johns Hopkins University who is also an election volunteer , has blogged scarily about his experiences at the primaries in Maryland .
( In his case , most of the problems occurred not with the voting machines but with other terminals , designed to ensure that people are entitled to vote and have not voted twice . )
Elsewhere , there have been horror stories of votes failing to register or upload , of memory - cards going missing , and of machines crashing and losing stored votes .
Only a few such cases can damage confidence badly : and crashes , at the least , cause huge delays .
The solutions are not hard to find : a wholesale switch to paper ballots and optical scanners ; more training for election officials ; and open access to machine software .
But it is too late for any of that this time — and that is a scandal .
Each bus is designed to be environmentally friendly
Eight buses have been refitted with kitchens , bathrooms and living space .
The buses , with solar panels and recycling bins , will be lent to a London homeless charity over Christmas .
Double Decker Living , a new London company , aims to provide alternative housing for the homeless and key workers such as NHS staff on call .
The idea for the bus , which can house up to five people , was prompted by the phasing out of the Routemaster , the distinctive hop - on , hop - off red London bus .
Life skills
" The double decker is such an iconic London image , we wanted to see what we could do with it , " said Jason Hart of Double Decker Living .
" Everyone I speak to laughs because it sounds so strange but once they see it for themselves , they become very enthusiastic about the idea . "
For the first stage of the project - to be launched on 19 December - Leyland Olympian double deckers are being used , but plans are under way for a Routemaster version .
Centrepoint charity for young homeless people will use the buses as teaching venues for life skills classes , covering topics such as cooking and interview preparation .
By Reuters
Wired magazine , the publication that helped popularize the Internet during the 1990’s , is poised to recover the online business it lost when the company was divided eight years ago .
Lycos Inc. said Tuesday that it had agreed to sell its Wired News online properties for $ 25 million to Condé Nast Publications , owner of Wired magazine , the print publication that is equal parts technology - culture trend - spotter and glossy product catalog .
Lycos acquired Wired News for a reported $ 83 million as part of the Wired Digital acquisition that closed in June 1999 .
The deal came a year after Advance Publications , owner of Condé Nast , paid $ 75 million to buy Wired from Louis Rosetto and Jane Metcalfe , the co-founders , and other investors .
The sale followed two failed efforts at an initial public offering .
The current transaction includes the sale of the Wired.com domain name and Wired News assets .
Lycos will retain other original Wired online properties including Hotbot , Hotwired and Webmonkey .
The ONE key thing to know about negotiation
Most people hate to negotiate .
They do n't like the confrontational aspect .
They worry that they are not getting a good deal .
They feel stress and fear .
Some people will do almost anything to avoid it .
Saturn built an entire car company around this sentiment .
But good negotiation skills are valuable for anyone , and essential for an entrepreneur .
There are all kinds of books on the topic of negotiation .
But when I go to my local bookstore and see those books on the shelf , I can't help but think that the topic is getting blown out of proportion .
In my experience , negotiation just is n't that complicated .
I 've done lots of negotiation .
I 've argued with car salesmen .
I 've done consulting deals at four , five and six figures .
I 've closed a million - dollar technology sale .
I 've haggled with gypsies over the price of a table cloth in rural Spain .
Through it all , there is one principle that matters more than anything else .
Here it is :
In negotiation , the one thing that really strengthens your position is the ability to walk away from the deal .
That 's it .
Sounds simple , right ?
It should be , but people still get themselves into all kinds of trouble .
Most people think the key to negotiation is figuring out how to manipulate the other person 's perspective .
I 'll admit that those tactics can be somewhat effective , but the genuine ability to walk away from a deal is far more powerful .
Negotiating from a position of real need is a bad , bad situation .
You are almost certainly going to lose .
The other party will push until they find your threshold of pain .
Examples here include :
Bartering about salary when you are unemployed .
Raising venture capital when your company is almost out of cash .
Buying a car when you really have to buy one .
I realize that things happen which are beyond our control .
Some of these situations are unfortunate and unavoidable .
But in any negotiation , your best investment is to figure out a way to get by if the deal falls through .
Practice this principle the next time you buy a car :
Start shopping for a car before you really need to .
Before starting the negotiation for any specific vehicle , clearly understand your fallback plan .
What will you do if you do n't get this car ?
Buy something else ?
Take the bus ?
Ride your bike ?
Do n't let yourself get emotionally attached to the car until it 's yours .
Figure out in advance what you want to pay .
If you can't get the deal you want , walk out .
You can always come back later if you want .
My current vehicle is a Chevy Avalanche .
When I was shopping for it , I went to my local Chevy dealer , picked out a truck , figured out what I wanted to pay , and made an offer .
The sales guy smiled at me and said , " That 's absurd . "
I calmly replied , " I am quite certain you will make a profit if you sell me this truck at the price I have offered .
It wo n't be your most profitable deal this month , but you 'll make money , and you 'll get a vehicle off your lot .
But either way , I am going to buy a Chevy Avalanche .
Somebody is going to accept this offer .
The only question is whether it 's going to be you or somebody else . "
In the end , the sales guy started playing games and I walked out .
Two days later I made the same offer to his competitor in a nearby town and drove home in my new truck .
Whether you 're buying or selling , whether it's a car or a table cloth or a company , the principle always works the same way .
The way to get burned is to spend all your time daydreaming about how wonderful things will be after the deal is done .
The way to win is to carefully figure out how tolerable things will be after the deal falls through .
In almost every case , the winner of a negotiation is the party who is best prepared for the possibility of the deal not happening at all .
What the New York Times has learned from Iraq
By Barry Grey
28 November 2006
The lead editorial in Sunday ’s New York Times deserves careful reading and consideration .
Entitled “ Learning from Iraq , ” the piece should serve as an antidote to popular illusions that the American electorate ’s massive repudiation of the Iraq war on November 7 and the capture of Congress by the Democrats will lead to a retreat by the American ruling elite from its policies of neo-colonialism and war .
It is particularly significant , coming from a principal organ of American liberalism , one closely aligned with the dominant sections of the Democratic Party .
The general thrust of the editorial can be gleaned from its opening passages : “ While politicians from both parties spin out their versions of Iraqs that should have been , could have been and just maybe still might be , the Army has taken on a far more useful project : figuring out why the Bush administration ’s military plans worked out so badly and drawing lessons for future conflicts . ”
There is no questioning here of the legality of an unprovoked war launched on the basis of lies , of the Bush administration ’s doctrine of preventive war , which justifies such criminal enterprises , or the legitimacy of war as an instrument of foreign policy .
All that is accepted as a matter of course .
The death and destruction unleashed on Iraq by the United States — the virtual destruction of a society and the killing of hundreds of thousands of its members — evoke no reconsideration of the legitimacy of such wars .
On the contrary , the US Army is to be commended for concentrating on the practical lessons that can be derived for “ future conflicts . ”
The editorial continues : “ That effort is a welcome sign that despite six years of ideologically driven dictates from Donald Rumsfeld ’s Pentagon , Army leaders remain usefully focused on the real world , where actual soldiers daily put their lives on the line for their country and where the quality of military planning goes a long way toward determining whether their sacrifices help achieve America ’s national purposes . ”
The conquest of Iraq and seizure of its oil resources are presumably included in “ America ’s national purposes , ” although how such an imperialist enterprise benefits any part of the nation other than its financial elite the Times does not attempt to explain .
Following this bit of jingoism , the editorial gets down to the meat of its disagreement with the outgoing secretary of defense .
The Times praises the latest draft of a new Army field manual , which it calls the “ basic guidebook for war , peacekeeping and counterinsurgency , ” because it “ quietly jettisons the single most disastrous innovation of the Rumsfeld era .
That is the misconceived notion that the size and composition of an American intervention force should be based only on what is needed to defeat the organized armed forces of an enemy government , instead of also taking into account the needs of providing security and stability for the civilian population for which the United States will then be responsible . ”
The editorial continues : “ Almost every post - invasion problem in Iraq can be directly traced to this one catastrophic planning failure , which left too few troops in Iraq to prevent rampant looting , restore basic services and move decisively against the insurgency before it took root and spread . ”
It is , of course , assumed that the American occupation is legitimate and the resistance of Iraqis to foreign troops is an evil to be extirpated .
The core lesson of the Iraq debacle , according to the Times , is that more soldiers , more violence , more repression and more killing are required to “ achieve America ’s national purposes . ”
There is , besides imperialist ruthlessness , a large dose of self - delusion in such pronouncements — as though more bloodshed and repression could prevent the emergence of powerful resistance to foreign occupation .
To underline its point , the newspaper goes on to declare : “ Modern innovations in warfare make it possible for America ’s technologically proficient forces to vanquish an opposing army quickly and with relatively few troops .
But re-establishing order in a decapitated society demands a much larger force for a much longer time . ”
From where is this “ much larger force ” to come ?
It is only a matter of time before the Times joins with those politicians , most notably Democratic Congressman Charles Rangel , in demanding the reinstatement of the military draft .
Turning again to the US debacle in Iraq , the editorial states : “ These are useful insights .
But they can only go so far when a host government lacks the will to rid its security forces of sectarian militia fighters more intent on waging civil war than achieving national stability .
That so far has been the biggest obstacle in Iraq . ”
The Times characteristically employs the euphemism “ host government ” to denote a puppet regime installed at the point of American bayonets ( and bombs , missiles , prisons , torture chambers , etc. ) .
The complaint about the fecklessness of the current US - backed regime of Prime Minister Maliki reprises a recurring theme in the pages of the newspaper .
In a major piece published November 12 , the Times ’ chief correspondent in Iraq , John F. Burns , put the matter more bluntly .
Entitled “ Stability vs. Democracy : Could a New Strongman Help ? ” the article argued for an abandonment of the “ democratic ” pretenses of the US occupation and the installation of a military strongman to sanction and collaborate in an escalation of US military violence .
The Times ’ November 26 editorial underscores some critical facts about the foreign policy debate within the American political establishment in the aftermath of the electoral rout of the Republicans three weeks ago .
The ruling elite and both of its parties have no intention of allowing the antiwar sentiments of the vast majority of the American people to determine their foreign policy .
There is a bipartisan consensus against any early withdrawal of US troops from Iraq and a determination to do whatever is necessary to avoid an outcome in Iraq that would be seen as a catastrophic defeat for American imperialism in the Middle East and around the world .
Whatever the tactical differences between and within the two parties , the Democrats no less than the Republicans are committed to a policy of using military force to achieve the foreign policy objectives of the US ruling elite .
Bush ’s talk of the “ wars of the twenty - first century ” reflects the general outlook of the entire political establishment , liberal as well as conservative .
In the face of the worsening situation on the ground in Iraq , the US ruling elite is seeking to use the elections as an opportunity to sort out policy differences on military and diplomatic tactics and forge a new bipartisan consensus for the ongoing war in Iraq , as well as for “ future conflicts . ”
To the People of the State of New York :
Having shown that no one of the powers transferred to the federal government is unnecessary or improper , the next question to be considered is , whether the whole mass of them will be dangerous to the portion of authority left in the several States . ¶
The adversaries to the plan of the convention , instead of considering in the first place what degree of power was absolutely necessary for the purposes of the federal government , have exhausted themselves in a secondary inquiry into the possible consequences of the proposed degree of power to the governments of the particular States .
But if the Union , as has been shown , be essential to the security of the people of America against foreign danger ; if it be essential to their security against contentions and wars among the different States ; if it be essential to guard them against those violent and oppressive factions which embitter the blessings of liberty , and against those military establishments which must gradually poison its very fountain ; if , in a word , the Union be essential to the happiness of the people of America , is it not preposterous , to urge as an objection to a government , without which the objects of the Union cannot be attained , that such a government may derogate from the importance of the governments of the individual States ?
Was , then , the American Revolution effected , was the American Confederacy formed , was the precious blood of thousands spilt , and the hard - earned substance of millions lavished , not that the people of America should enjoy peace , liberty , and safety , but that the government of the individual States , that particular municipal establishments , might enjoy a certain extent of power , and be arrayed with certain dignities and attributes of sovereignty ?
We have heard of the impious doctrine in the Old World , that the people were made for kings , not kings for the people .
Is the same doctrine to be revived in the New , in another shape that the solid happiness of the people is to be sacrificed to the views of political institutions of a different form ?
It is too early for politicians to presume on our forgetting that the public good , the real welfare of the great body of the people , is the supreme object to be pursued ; and that no form of government whatever has any other value than as it may be fitted for the attainment of this object .
Were the plan of the convention adverse to the public happiness , my voice would be , Reject the plan .
Were the Union itself inconsistent with the public happiness , it would be , Abolish the Union .
In like manner , as far as the sovereignty of the States cannot be reconciled to the happiness of the people , the voice of every good citizen must be , Let the former be sacrificed to the latter .
How far the sacrifice is necessary , has been shown .
How far the unsacrificed residue will be endangered , is the question before us . ¶
Several important considerations have been touched in the course of these papers , which discountenance the supposition that the operation of the federal government will by degrees prove fatal to the State governments .
The more I revolve the subject , the more fully I am persuaded that the balance is much more likely to be disturbed by the preponderancy of the last than of the first scale . ¶
We have seen , in all the examples of ancient and modern confederacies , the strongest tendency continually betraying itself in the members , to despoil the general government of its authorities , with a very ineffectual capacity in the latter to defend itself against the encroachments .
Although , in most of these examples , the system has been so dissimilar from that under consideration as greatly to weaken any inference concerning the latter from the fate of the former , yet , as the States will retain , under the proposed Constitution , a very extensive portion of active sovereignty , the inference ought not to be wholly disregarded .
In the Achaean league it is probable that the federal head had a degree and species of power , which gave it a considerable likeness to the government framed by the convention .
The Lycian Confederacy , as far as its principles and form are transmitted , must have borne a still greater analogy to it .
Yet history does not inform us that either of them ever degenerated , or tended to degenerate , into one consolidated government .
On the contrary , we know that the ruin of one of them proceeded from the incapacity of the federal authority to prevent the dissensions , and finally the disunion , of the subordinate authorities .
These cases are the more worthy of our attention , as the external causes by which the component parts were pressed together were much more numerous and powerful than in our case ; and consequently less powerful ligaments within would be sufficient to bind the members to the head , and to each other . ¶
In the feudal system , we have seen a similar propensity exemplified .
Notwithstanding the want of proper sympathy in every instance between the local sovereigns and the people , and the sympathy in some instances between the general sovereign and the latter , it usually happened that the local sovereigns prevailed in the rivalship for encroachments .
Had no external dangers enforced internal harmony and subordination , and particularly , had the local sovereigns possessed the affections of the people , the great kingdoms in Europe would at this time consist of as many independent princes as there were formerly feudatory barons . ¶
The State government will have the advantage of the Federal government , whether we compare them in respect to the immediate dependence of the one on the other ; to the weight of personal influence which each side will possess ; to the powers respectively vested in them ; to the predilection and probable support of the people ; to the disposition and faculty of resisting and frustrating the measures of each other . ¶
The State governments may be regarded as constituent and essential parts of the federal government ; whilst the latter is nowise essential to the operation or organization of the former .
Without the intervention of the State legislatures , the President of the United States can not be elected at all .
They must in all cases have a great share in his appointment , and will , perhaps , in most cases , of themselves determine it .
The Senate will be elected absolutely and exclusively by the State legislatures .
Even the House of Representatives , though drawn immediately from the people , will be chosen very much under the influence of that class of men , whose influence over the people obtains for themselves an election into the State legislatures .
Thus , each of the principal branches of the federal government will owe its existence more or less to the favor of the State governments , and must consequently feel a dependence , which is much more likely to beget a disposition too obsequious than too overbearing towards them .
On the other side , the component parts of the State governments will in no instance be indebted for their appointment to the direct agency of the federal government , and very little , if at all , to the local influence of its members . ¶
The number of individuals employed under the Constitution of the United States will be much smaller than the number employed under the particular States .
There will consequently be less of personal influence on the side of the former than of the latter .
The members of the legislative , executive , and judiciary departments of thirteen and more States , the justices of peace , officers of militia , ministerial officers of justice , with all the county , corporation , and town officers , for three millions and more of people , intermixed , and having particular acquaintance with every class and circle of people , must exceed , beyond all proportion , both in number and influence , those of every description who will be employed in the administration of the federal system .
Compare the members of the three great departments of the thirteen States , excluding from the judiciary department the justices of peace , with the members of the corresponding departments of the single government of the Union ; compare the militia officers of three millions of people with the military and marine officers of any establishment which is within the compass of probability , or , I may add , of possibility , and in this view alone , we may pronounce the advantage of the States to be decisive .
If the federal government is to have collectors of revenue , the State governments will have theirs also .
And as those of the former will be principally on the seacoast , and not very numerous , whilst those of the latter will be spread over the face of the country , and will be very numerous , the advantage in this view also lies on the same side .
It is true , that the Confederacy is to possess , and may exercise , the power of collecting internal as well as external taxes throughout the States ; but it is probable that this power will not be resorted to , except for supplemental purposes of revenue ; that an option will then be given to the States to supply their quotas by previous collections of their own ; and that the eventual collection , under the immediate authority of the Union , will generally be made by the officers , and according to the rules , appointed by the several States .
Indeed it is extremely probable , that in other instances , particularly in the organization of the judicial power , the officers of the States will be clothed with the correspondent authority of the Union .
Should it happen , however , that separate collectors of internal revenue should be appointed under the federal government , the influence of the whole number would not bear a comparison with that of the multitude of State officers in the opposite scale .
Within every district to which a federal collector would be allotted , there would not be less than thirty or forty , or even more , officers of different descriptions , and many of them persons of character and weight , whose influence would lie on the side of the State . ¶
The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined .
Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite .
The former will be exercised principally on external objects , as war , peace , negotiation , and foreign commerce ; with which last the power of taxation will , for the most part , be connected .
The powers reserved to the several States will extend to all the objects which , in the ordinary course of affairs , concern the lives , liberties , and properties of the people , and the internal order , improvement , and prosperity of the State . ¶
The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important in times of war and danger ; those of the State governments , in times of peace and security .
As the former periods will probably bear a small proportion to the latter , the State governments will here enjoy another advantage over the federal government .
The more adequate , indeed , the federal powers may be rendered to the national defense , the less frequent will be those scenes of danger which might favor their ascendancy over the governments of the particular States . ¶
If the new Constitution be examined with accuracy and candor , it will be found that the change which it proposes consists much less in the addition of new powers to the Union , than in the invigoration of its original powers .
The regulation of commerce , it is true , is a new power ; but that seems to be an addition which few oppose , and from which no apprehensions are entertained .
The powers relating to war and peace , armies and fleets , treaties and finance , with the other more considerable powers , are all vested in the existing Congress by the articles of Confederation .
The proposed change does not enlarge these powers ; it only substitutes a more effectual mode of administering them .
The change relating to taxation may be regarded as the most important ; and yet the present Congress have as complete authority to require of the States indefinite supplies of money for the common defense and general welfare , as the future Congress will have to require them of individual citizens ; and the latter will be no more bound than the States themselves have been , to pay the quotas respectively taxed on them .
Had the States complied punctually with the articles of Confederation , or could their compliance have been enforced by as peaceable means as may be used with success towards single persons , our past experience is very far from countenancing an opinion , that the State governments would have lost their constitutional powers , and have gradually undergone an entire consolidation .
To maintain that such an event would have ensued , would be to say at once , that the existence of the State governments is incompatible with any system whatever that accomplishes the essental purposes of the Union . ¶
adj .
Characterized by or subject to whim ; impulsive and unpredictable .
The switchboards at local radio stations lit up .
James Piecowye , a talk show host , said he had devoted several broadcasts to the subject , with both expatriates and locals openly debating an issue that has long been kept behind closed doors .
“ There is this pressure to stake out your claims , especially with the locals , ” Mr. Piecowye said .
“ There is more and more pressure to say , ‘ This is how things should be . ’ ”
Dubai , for example , has long had strict rules about public behavior — a man and woman kissing in public can be arrested ; one can be ticketed for dress baring too much skin , or for eating or smoking during daylight hours during Ramadan , and altercations with locals can sometimes land expatriates in detention .
But with millions of tourists passing through here , few such laws are carried out .
Ramadan , which ends this weekend , is a month when Muslims fast during daylight as part of what is supposed to be an intense focus on spirituality , breaking fast when the sun sets .
This Ramadan , however , stores stayed open throughout the day , rather than closing for the afternoon , and many restaurants served food during fasting hours ; hotels served alcohol at night after breaking fast .
Local Muslims as well as those from abroad have continued to complain of a lack of Ramadan spirit as compared with previous years .
“ This is still a salad platter with a tomato and cucumber that do n’t mix , ” Mr. Abdallah says , emphasizing that Dubai can never be a melting pot because foreigners are ineligible for citizenship .
“ It is a massive experiment in social tolerance and it should be promoted as such .
But being tolerant should not come at the expense of the local and national identity . ”
At least part of the tensions stem from the deep cultural divide here .
For the most part , locals tend to live apart from expatriates and rarely interact socially with them .
As in many Persian Gulf states , Dubai ’s ethnic groups also exist in defined socioeconomic stratifications — locals are typically owners , Westerners earn the top salaries and South Asians do the menial labor .
REVERSING SHAMPOO
THE GREAT SHAMPOO SCANDAL
by Makoli
September 6 , 1998
Well , a small pebble of reality cracking , yet NOTHING is insignificant in this world of ours where toothpastes that actually damage your teeth are advertised by " beautiful " smiling models with false teeth .
Enjoy !
I did n't actually crack the shampoo scam , all I did was write this .
But as with any other protected thing , at least somebody knows the truth all along .
The truth here is that shampoo's bad for your hair .
It cleans out dirt , but also the oil that makes your hair shiny and strong .
However shampoo's sold as something your hair really needs , and the truth is suppressed .
There are several common sorts of soapy things .
They attract oils by electric charge , allowing the oil to be emulsified with the water .
For some reason , these cleaners are themselves made from fats .
Soap is made from animal or vegetable oil , and detergent is made from mineral oil .
Detergents can be made more powerful .
Shampoo is detergent , just like dishwashing detergent , bathroom cleaner , and engine block cleaner .
People used to use soap to wash their hair , as well as their dishes , clothes and bathrooms ( and horses , before there were engines . )
Soap was better suited to washing hair , because it did n't remove so much of the oils that are naturally in hair .
But the water supply slowly changed .
It 's now generally more alkaline , which people call hard water .
When this started happening , soap did n't work so well .
The chemicals which make water alkaline make soap stop lathering well , and form insoluble scum ( eg. the ring in the bath . )
So soap got less and less effective for all its cleaning uses .
I guess the water was always pretty alkaline in some places , so soap was never an ideal cleaner .
Around the beginning of the twentieth century , household detergents became available .
Detergents have no problem with alkaline water , so they were really popular .
They soon became cheaper than soap , too .
So that 's why people stopped using soap for almost everything , and started using detergents .
Detergents are excellent cleaners for most uses .
If you 've tried using soap to wash your hair , you probably know how your hair goes all rough and tangly .
This is worse if your water 's harder ( more alkaline . )
I moved recently , and suddenly started having problems using soap in my hair .
The problem is that hair reacts to acids and alkalis .
Each hair has little scales , like scales on a snake or shingles on a roof .
Acid makes the scales lie down flat , which makes your hair shiny and smooth .
( Ever heard that lemon juice is good for your hair ? )
Alkali makes the scales stand up , which makes your hair look dull and feel rough and tangly .
Therefore hard water , which is common these days , makes it harder to wash your hair .
If you use soap to wash your hair in hard water , then the combination of your hair 's scales standing up and the soap forming scum makes your hair into a terrible mess .
Then , since your hair 's all tangled and rough , it 's impossible to rinse out all the soap , which makes it look terrible .
Shampoo , being detergent , can rinse out of your hair fine even in alkaline water .
That 's its only good point .
Its fundamental , but covered up , bad point is that it 's very harsh , and damages your hair permanently .
Conditioner was soon introduced as people noticed that shampoo sucked the oils out of their hair dry and left it all dry and brittle .
Conditioner puts artificial oils in your hair , and they stay there just long enough so that you do n't associate the damage to your hair with the shampoo that caused it .
You have to wash your hair every day , not because it always gets dirty so fast but because the oils from the conditioner do n't last and have to be replenished .
Conditioner was n't used until shampoo came about .
But the real cheat in shampoo is when it 's sold as being especially good for your hair .
Expensive shampoos are in a way better , but only because the conditioner that comes with them is better at covering up the damage done by the shampoo .
The actual shampoo itself is pretty much the same as any cheap shampoo .
The professional formula , which will nourish your hair and make it grow more healthy , with vitamins and natural nutrients , gentle seaweed extracts , jojoba oil …
Remember that your hair 's dead .
That exposes half of shampoo advertising as lies .
Remember that shampoo is just detergent .
That shows that most of the remaining half is lies too .
Remember that the oils your hair needs come naturally out of your scalp , as they 've been doing for thousands of years before conditioner was invented .
When you think about it , nothing that is claimed about shampoo and conditioner is true .
In a way , we really do need conditioner , as advertising implies .
But the real reason why we need it is because our hair gets damaged by shampoo .
This is just another case of using lies to help a bad product ( shampoo ) gain dominance over a good product ( soap ) , then introducing another product ( conditioner ) to compensate for the bad product 's faults , and then tricking people into accepting huge price increases once they forget the good product .
The only good thing about shampoo is that it does n't work any worse in hard water .
Does that ever get mentioned in advertising ?
The rest is lies , to fool you into paying $ 10 for a $ 1 bottle of perfumed detergent .
WHAT TO DO
Soap is good to wash your hair with .
Forget all the dregs of misinformation spread by shampoo manufacturers , and forget that soap is " harsh " .
Remember that the problem with using soap is in the water , not the soap .
You just need to solve the problem of the hard water , and soap is fine to use .
I can recommend two ways .
If your water 's not too hard , just substitute soap for shampoo , and use any old cheapish conditioner .
The conditioner will make the scales on your hair lie down , and let the last of the soap get rinsed out .
You might have to experiment with different soaps and conditioners .
Maybe some conditioner which is pH balanced is best .
Some " good ol " plain soap with no added water and perfume is probably best .
Otherwise , you can add some weak acid at some point in the washing process .
Since you need just a tiny amount , even cheap vinegar will do , without leaving a smell .
You could make a soap goo out of soap and water , and add a bit of lemon juice .
You could have a jug of water with a teaspoonful of vinegar in it , to rinse your hair with after soaping .
Or how about pouring it into a plastic squirty bottle , so you do n't spill it .
Another good thing is oil of rosemary .
It stimulates your scalp , to encourage the natural oils to flow .
Actually I have n't worked out how to get it onto my scalp , since there 's all that hair in the way , but I 've heard it 's possible .
So in summary , shampoo had a legitimate claim as an alternative for soap .
But now it 's not sold by that claim , it 's sold by lies .
Soap 's better for your hair , and you can still use it if you compensate for hard water .
For more great articles on reverse engineering reality , go to Fravia 's SearchLores website .
Up to : Sustainabilty
ENERGY QUESTIONS
A. No. Nuclear and solar energy are each adequate for the next billion years .
That 's right ; billion not just million or thousand .
Bernard Cohen published the facts about that .
This page assumes the law of conservation of energy .
If you do n't understand that , look at law of conservation of energy .
Here 's how you can tell if you do n't understand .
Several times I have received in email the following idea for powering cars with hydrogen from water .
Run the car on hydrogen obtained by splitting water by electrolysis using the car 's generator to get the electricity .
If you can't quickly explain why that idea can't work , you need to follow the above link .
Q . Are the campaigns to save energy in every possible way a good idea ?
A. No .
There is plenty of energy to be had .
In the short run , Europe , Japan and the U.S. can continue buying oil on the world market , and the U.S. can drill more oil and gas wells .
The recent increase in oil prices led to doubling the number of oil drilling rigs .
In the medium term ( from ten years or five in an emergency ) and long term , nuclear energy can supply all the world can want .
A . The world will run out of petroleum from oil wells .
Maybe in 20 years , but more likely in 50 to 100 years .
Here are the American Petroleum Institute 's estimates of oil supply .
On 2004 March 10 , the Wall Street Journal , had an article about estimates of oil reserves .
The gist of the article is that estimates are very uncertain , especially of reserves from countries that do n't require accounts from oil extractors and publish the results .
The US Geological Survey ( USGS ) is rather optimistic .
Some other analysts think the USGS is too optimistic .
If we take the paranoid or merely cynical view , we might suppose that a company would be inclined to exaggerate its own reserves to keep its stock price up and underestimate world reserves in order to keep the oil price up .
Maybe governments with oil reserves would have similar motivations .
I have no information about whether companies and governments actually do that .
Note on consensus :
There are two kinds of consensus .
Type 1 .
People independently look at a problem and discover they agree .
This is worth something , although they may be all making the same error .
Type 2 . People are just copying each other .
This consensus is worth no more than the opinion of the original ( probably dead by now ) person they are all copying .
I worry that the present consensus on oil reserves is partly of type 2 .
This is suggested by the WSJ article .
If Thomas Gold is right about deep hydrocarbons , not produced by life , and if they can be mined economically , then petroleum will last very much longer .
Also if natural gas from methane hydrates proves economic to extract , we are in good shape for a long time .
There is more gas in methane hydrates than there was in natural gas fields .
However , experiments at extracting gas from methane hydrates are just beginning in 2004 .
Hydrogen , produced from water by nuclear energy , is an adequate long term substitute for oil and natural gas .
Bernard Cohen has shown that getting uranium from seawater will be an adequate source for billions of years .
Energy costs might go up , but humanity could still afford them .
However , oil and natural gas and political inertia may be still too cheap to justify major investment in hydrogen now .
A. The " greenhouse effect " that worries people is global warming from increased human emissions of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
It is not yet known how much warming will be caused if we continue and increase our use of fuels containing carbon .
It is also unknown whether this would be harmful .
Our energy future is certainly affected by whether the global warming turns out to require substantial reductions in burning .
Here is a beautifully presented Global Warming Update written in 1994 and updated in 1998 .
The main collector of dissents from global warming is the Science and Environmental Policy Project .
A . The world 's oil reserves are limited to 50 or 100 years , maybe less .
The world 's oil resources are much larger , 1,000 years is possible though unlikely .
Q. What 's the difference between reserves and resources .
A. Reserves include what is extractable at more or less present costs .
If you own land with oil on it , reserves are what you can hope to sell at a profit at present prices .
Resources also include what can be extracted and sold at some price buyers will be able to afford , but do n't have to pay at present , because others are selling it for less .
Q. What are our oil reserves ?
A . These include only crude oil that can be pumped economically .
The U.S. has used up most of its reserves and now imports more than half of its oil .
They are n't all gone , and investors keep between 700 and 1,000 oil rigs drilling for more .
The Arabian peninsula has much larger reserves and is presently selling it without political conditions .
The U.S. Geological Survey has recently completed a project to get a new estimate of oil and gas reserves and resources in the U.S.
They turned out to be much larger than was anticipated .
There are controversies about the size of reserves .
C. J. Campbell , a respected consultant has a book The Coming Oil Crisis arguing that cheap oil will soon be in short supply .
The general opinion seems to be that Campbell underestimates the amount of cheap oil to be found .
Philip Abelson has an editorial in Science for 1997 April 25 describing new methods of exploration and production that should delay oil becoming much more expensive .
The Oil & Gas Journal - online is the major trade magazine .
It charges for a subscription , but some information is available free .
The American Petroleum Institute has a web page giving facts about supplies , etc. and with position statements by various people in the petroleum industry .
Their position is that the world is not close to running out of oil .
Oil Supplies -- Are We Really Running Out of Oil ? gives what seems to be the industry position in this matter .
The article gives a 95 percent chance that world conventional oil supplies will last 63 years and a 5 percent chance that they will last 95 years .
Non-conventional supplies ( i.e. resources ) will last much longer .
Longer articles are Oil Supplies in pdf format with an Executive Summary as an html file .
Note , 2003 Oct 30 : EIA : US PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES INCREASE FOR 4TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR US proved reserves of natural gas and crude oil have increased for the fourth consecutive year , the US Energy Information Administration reported .
http://ogj.pennnet.com/articles/web_article_display.cfm?ARTICLE_ID=190982
A . There are several kinds .
Oil from fields not economically extractable at present prices .
Oil shale .
This is minable in Colorado and amounts to more than the Saudi reserves .
Some years ago it was estimated as profitable at $ 35 per barrel .
Oil cost just under $ 20 per barrel now when the first draft of this article was written in 1995 .
Now ( 1999 March ) it is $ 12 per barrel .
Now ( 2000 December ) it is $ 28 per barrel .
Chevron developed the shale process in the 1970s , but decided it was n't profitable then .
2002 note :
Shell is doing exploratory work in colorado on new processes for getting oil from shale economically .
Tar sands .
This is a very thick oil , and there is lots of it in Canada and Mexico .
Some of it is extracted in Canada , but an increase in price was thought to be needed to make it economical .
Now it is sufficiently economical even at $ 12 per barrel that new plants are being built .
1997 January note :
There is more than talk about Canadian tar sands oil production expanding .
Present costs are now at $ 12.00 per barrel and it hoped that they will go down to $ 6.00 per barrel , way below present oil prices that fluctuate around $ 20.00 per barrel .
Here 's an enthusiastic report from Alberta Magazine .
Large amounts of money are being invested - many billions .
2002 August note : Several hundred thousand barrels of oil per day are being extracted , and large scale investments continue .
Oil from coal .
The Germans used it in WWII , and the South Africans developed it for use in case of an oil embargo that did n't materialize .
The U.S. has 800 years reserves of coal , and China has much more than the U.S. 2004 September note :
The present high price of oil , $ 40 per barrel , has revived interest in oil from coal .
According to this article , China has ordered some large Sasol plants .
A. Some but not much .
Most other countries impose very high taxes on gasoline and other petroleum products , and it does n't seem to damage their economies a lot .
They are n't as prosperous as the U.S. though , so maybe there are some bad effects .
Energy takes up about 8 percent of the U.S. GDP , so even doubling energy costs would n't seriously damage the economy .
Quadrupling energy costs would be pretty bad .
Q. Should we go all out to economize the use of oil to make it last longer ?
A. Probably not .
Too many regulations are likely to be more harmful than letting the prices rise as the reserves get scarcer and as demand from the developing world grows .
2002 August :
In saying this I 'm disagreeing with political opinions including those dominating the scientific community and the Government financed energy studies community .
Q . Why is the importance of the greenhouse effect still uncertain ?
Different climate models , each taking into account a different subset of the atomospheric processes give widely different results about how much warming is to be expected .
There are different interpretations of the observed warming .
In particular , the fact that the largest warming preceded 1940 needs to be explained .
If the warming occurs , there is great uncertainty on whether its effects will be good or bad overall .
An effect that makes Siberia and Northern Canada habitable and agricultural would be very good , but any substantial effect is extremely unlikely to be good for everyone .
There are worries about droughts in some places .
A . Then we have to go to nuclear and / or solar energy ?
Both generate electricity and must be adapted for applications that are presently non-electric .
Q. What is the difference between nuclear and solar energy ?
A. Nuclear energy is enormously cheaper , already in large scale use for generating electricity , and is better developed .
It can be used anywhere in the world .
Solar energy has been politically favored in the US and other developed countries , but it still can't compete even with substantial subsidy .
Q. Is nuclear energy safe .
A. Some people oppose it fiercely .
Their arguments are discussed elsewhere in the detailed FAQ on nuclear energy .
Nothing is perfectly safe , but nuclear energy is safe enough to rely on .
In particular , it is safer than the sources of energy upon which we are accustomed to rely .
Solar energy is a resource rather than a reserve in most places and for general purpose large scale use .
It requires large scale energy storage - and very long distance energy transmission facilities if it is to be used in the winter in northern countries .
All this can be done but is expensive .
Of course , solar energy has many limited uses already .
Both nuclear and solar energy generate electricity , and making them the dominant sources of energy would require using electricity for many purposes now supplied by oil and natural gas .
( With both nuclear and solar , there is some prospect of using them directly to produce hydrogen without going through electricity as an intermediate .
These processes would make the hydrogen moderately cheaper ) .
A . Here are the main categories .
Present electricity uses .
In the main these will get cheaper .
Nuclear energy is still near the beginning of its learning curve .
If solar energy is required , e.g. for ideological reasons , electricity will get more expensive , at least for a while , but we will still be able to afford all the present major applications .
Space heating .
Natural gas and oil are the main sources in the U.S.
The natural gas will last a long time , and it generates somewhat less carbon dioxide than oil or coal when burned .
Maybe the greenhouse effect will even zap natural gas .
Some other countries rely on coal .
The biggest coal user is China ( already a little more than the U.S. ) , and the prospects are that Chinese coal use will increase greatly .
Electricity is used in the U.S. for space heating where electricity is cheap .
It is still mainly resistance heating rather than the more efficient but more costly heat pumps .
If it has to be used in the cold parts of the U.S. , heating costs may go up .
Maybe they wo n't , however .
Economies in electric generation , improved building insulation and the use of heat pumps may keep the costs down .
Here is information about the 1993 costs of electricity .
Automobiles and trucks .
There are many possibilities but none are immediately attractive .
Good batteries .
The big win would be batteries that can store somewhere near the energy per kilogram that gasoline stores .
Then electric cars would be as good as gasoline powered cars in every way .
A lot of effort has gone into batteries and success has been elusive .
They may win yet .
2000 note :
It is increasingly doubtful that good batteries can be had .
The California Air Resources Board passed regulations demanding battery powered cars .
They just ( 2000 December ) backed down again on their demand that 28,000 electric cars be sold in 2003 .
The electric cars cost $ 20,000 more than gasoline powered cars and have to be recharged every 50 to 100 miles .
[ 2003 April 9 : GM just announced the end of its EV - 1 electric car program .
Of the more than 1,000 built by GM and leased in California , about 375 are still on the road .
GM will take them all back when their leases expire .
The program cost GM about $ 1 billion .
The whole electric car program was a triumph of appeasement of ideology over engineering knowledge .
The cars were unsuccessful except for hobbyists for exactly the reasons that were known before GM built them . ]
Not so good batteries .
My opinion is that even if lead acid batteries have to be used American mobility will still be essentially preserved .
The batteries would be the property of battery exchange companies .
A car would enter a lane like a toll booth every 50 miles .
Radio communication between the car 's computer and the exchange station would establish the requirements .
An automatic machine would open the battery compartment and replace the batteries which would be recharged in the exchange facility .
The process would take 15 seconds to slow down , 15 seconds to exchange the batteries and 15 seconds to speed up again .
This 45 seconds would have to be spent every 50 miles or so .
Doubtless there would be some inconveniences , but the essential features of the mass use of automobiles would be preserved .
Here are the details of the proposal .
There may be better schemes .
Hydrogen .
Hydrogen has many advantages as a way of storing the energy .
It is made by splitting water using electricity .
( There are schemes for using nuclear reactors to split water directly , and if they work and are adopted hydrogen will be somewhat cheaper than if obtained by electrolysis . )
The only way of storing hydrogen that meets the energy density requirements of cars is as a liquid .
Liquid hydrogen is bulky and has some safety problems , but these do n't seem to be any worse than those presented by gasoline .
Here 's more on hydrogen .
BMW has built prototype cars , but as long as gasoline remains cheap they wo n't be produced in large quantity .
Here 's an article by BMW engineers .
Oops , the link does n't work directly as I have copied it , but the article and others can be found by Googling bmw + hydrogen .
Airplanes .
If we have to get rid of other uses of hydrocarbons , we can probably afford to keep them for airplanes even under rather severe greenhouse assumptions .
Airplanes are extremely sensitive to the weight and bulk of their energy storage .
A 3,000 pound car typically carries 90 pounds of gasoline , whereas a long range airplane has most of its mass as fuel when it takes off .
Maybe liquid hydrogen would work for airplanes , but its bulk would increase drag and therefore reduce range .
Some experts think its reduced mass compared to hydrocarbon fuel would more than make up for its increased bulk .
I 'd post more information on this question if someone would supply it .
Even better , I 'd link to other people 's urls on the subject .
A. CO2 is the only potentially serious problem .
All the other combustion uses have been or can be cleaned up enough for practical purposes .
There are some ideological problems that will be discussed in the page about ideology .
Q. What about increased use of rail ?
A . This is feasible but can't preserve present levels of mobility .
Individual mobility is much valued , and no amount of propaganda has succeeded in making people forego it .
As fast as countries become prosperous , their citizens buy cars even when their " wise men " oppose it .
Q. What are the current costs of various sources of electricity .
A . Here is a subsidiary page on current costs of some sources of electricity .
Q. What about geothermal energy ?
A . The temperature of the earth increases with depth .
In some places there is hot rock close to the surface .
In the Geysers area of Northern California , the Pacific Gas and Electric Company , has generated electricity from hot rock since the 1920s .
Geothermal energy has also been generated in a suitable place in Italy .
After the first " energy crisis " in 1973 , geothermal energy was one of the new sources tried out .
Not much has come of it so far .
The Idaho National Energy Laboratory has a research program on geothermal energy , apparently theory only .
There is a Geothermal Education Association that promotes geothermal energy .
Googling geothermal energy did n't elicit statistics .
One source says that the US generates 2700 megawatts .
It did n't say where or whether this was electricity or heat .
If it 's electricity , it 's equivalent to two or three large power plants , if heat , , to one plant .
A. No .
The demand to reduce energy use is based on the fear of using nuclear energy .
Economizing on energy use is no more important than economizing on the production of movies .
The world will rely on nuclear energy as its major source in preference to the low standard of living that would otherwise be required .
There is little social difference between having ( say ) 500 nuclear power plants in the U.S. and having 1,000 .
New services that might require more energy should not be inhibited .
For example , it seems that people are more comfortable when the radiation temperature of a room is higher than the air temperature .
That 's one reason why people like fireplaces .
However , maintaining such a temperature difference would cost money to those who chose to use it and would interfere with minimizing energy use .
So what ?
Here 's an idea for making cities more comfortable in cold weather , but it would use a lot of energy .
Make the outsides of multi-story buildings into giant radiators .
People walking in the streets will experience Spring in the middle of Winter .
I have n't yet calculated the cost in energy .
My guess is that it is large but affordable .
[ Today outdoor restaurants in places where it sometimes gets chilly but not really cold , e.g. Northern California , use large oil heaters to keep the diners warm . ]
A recent study by the International Institute of Applied Systems Analysis in Vienna gave some scenarios for future energy use .
British Petroleum maintains a useful compendium of energy statistics .
U.S. Energy Information Administration has lots of statistics .
I suppose that the statistics provided by both British Petroleum and by the U.S. Energy Information Administration may be somewhat biased by attitudes of these organizations .
Does n't every source of energy have energy costs , and is n't the energy cost sometimes more than the energy gained ?
Here 's an Energy Analysis of Power Systems that estimates the energy costs of various sources of energy with an estimate of the net gain for each source .
One source not mentioned for which it has been said that energy costs exceed the gain is alcohol from grain .
A lot of energy is used by agricultural machinery and in making fertilizer .
Here 's a 1998 December report on subsidies for various kinds of energy .
Since such urls often disappear , here 's the first paragraph .
Federal subsidies for energy totalled $ 564 billion ( 1997 dollars ) over the past five decades , most of them " off budget , " with oil receiving the most money -- $ 272 billion ( 48 % ) -- and , contrary to common perception , renewable energy ( solar , hydro , and geothermal ) receiving the second largest subsidy -- $ 90 billion ( 16 % ) .
The other major U.S. energy sources -- coal , natural gas , and nuclear energy -- received between $ 61 billion and $ 74 billion of Federal incentive funds .
With respect to R&D funding , coal and nuclear technologies produced the greatest return on investment , whereas photovoltaics , solar thermal systems , and wind systems had the poorest return .
The subsidies will impact global warming abatement policies and affect electric utility restructuring programs .
These are the major findings reported by Management Information Services , Inc. , a Washington , D.C. economic research and consulting firm .
Here 's a rather detailed German site on various forms of renewable energy . .
As is usual and politically correct these days , it ignores nuclear energy .
I also suspect its estimates of the cost of wind energy are over - optimistic .
2002 April :
The country that has pursued wind power most vigorously is Denmark .
Here are some facts .
Here 's a Danish page evaluating Denmark 's experience with wind .
The page is rather negative .
Maybe more enthusiastic pages can be found .
Wind produces 13.7 percent of Denmark 's electricity .
This comes to 1900 megawatts , which is about the power of the two reactor Diablo Canyon nuclear power station in California .
Wind produced electricity has been more expensive than other sources available to Denmark .
Wind power was a big enthusiasm of the previous socialist government .
The new conservative government is unenthusiastic .
It threatens to eliminate subsidies for wind power and cancel a planned big wind power farm in the sea .
The biggest problem with wind power has been the intermittent amount of wind .
Denmark is a small country , and the amount of wind over the whole country can change in hours .
While wind power was a very small part of electricity supply the variability of wind could be readily accomodated by varying other sources .
However , at the present 13.7 percent of electricity supply , there are n't enough conveniently variable other sources .
Combined heat and power plants are another Danish enthusiasm , and if you need the heat , you get the power whether there is an oversupply or not .
The variability of wind could be compensated if there were a way of storing energy produced when the winds are strong .
Various schemes have been proposed , but apparently none have been adopted .
Presumably this would require another large subsidy .
Another big problem is the noise .
It has resulted in a rule that wind turbines may not be located within 0.5 kilometers of dwellings .
Wind turbines kill birds .
A survey in the big wind farm in Altamont Pass in California reports that every seven turbines kill a bird a year .
That does n't seem like a lot to me , because I doubt it would make windmills a major cause of bird death .
Bird enthusiasts may take a different view .
Send comments to John McCarthy , jmc@cs.stanford.edu .
WHY does Skype get so much hype ?
Sure , this software lets you make free " phone calls , " computer to computer , anywhere in the world .
But it was n't the first such program , it 's not the most feature - laden , and it 's still a mystery to most people over 25 .
Yet somehow , Skype is changing everything .
Twenty - five million people are using it to make free calls , much to the annoyance of the phone companies .
College students call home and friends with it .
Business travelers keep in touch with the family .
Visitors to the United States chit - chat with their buddies in Europe , Japan or wherever .
The software -- free from skype.com and available for Mac , Windows , Linux and PocketPC -- is pitifully easy to use , and the sound quality is more like FM radio than a phone call .
Skype 's popularity has caused some impressive ripples in the fabric of business and society .
The word is now a verb , à la Google ( " Have your people Skype my people " ) .
Last fall , eBay bought Skype for $ 1.3 billion and 32.4 million shares of eBay stock .
And most intriguing of all , an entire industry of Skype accessories has sprung up .
But one niggling footnote continues to dog Skype : to make free calls , you and your conversation partner must sit in front of your computers , nerdlike , wearing headsets .
You can call regular telephones , but that 's not free .
( Rates are complicated , but 2.1 cents a minute is typical . )
And you have to sit handcuffed to your computer .
i.e .
UPDATE
Greg Sargent conclusively documents today 's Daily Dose of Dishonesty from John Hinderaker .
Powerline 's latest deceit involves the detention and imprisonment by the U.S. military in Iraq of an AP photographer , Iraqi citizen Bilal Hussein .
According to the AP , the military claims that Hussein has a " close relationship " with insurgents and is " afforded access to insurgent activities outside the normal scope afforded to journalists conducting legitimate activities .
" But the military has brought no charges of any kind against Hussein and refuses to have any public hearing .
Instead , it is doing to Hussein what the Bush administration did in the U.S. to American citizens Jose Padilla and Yaser Esam Hamdi -- imprisoning him based solely on the unreviewable and unchallengeable say - so of the administration that he is guilty , while refusing to bring charges .
As Sargent reports , AP has protested this state of affairs by insisting : " ' We want the rule of law to prevail .
said Tom Curley , AP 's president and chief executive officer .
" But when Hinderaker " reported " these events to his readers , he falsely claimed that " the Associated Press , rather than expressing any embarrassment that it has been publishing propaganda photos taken by an apparent associate of al Qaeda in Iraq "
As Sargent points out , AP is not campaigning for his release , but is insisting that he either be charged with a crime or released .
Sargent asks : " Why on earth would Powerline readers put up with such deception ?
Maybe they like being deceived . "
( And all of that leaves to the side Hinderaker 's independently deceitful conflation of the accusation that Hussein is working with Iraqi " insurgents " with Hinderaker 's claim that he is an " associate of al Qaeda " ) .
I do n't think Powerline readers would realize that Hinderaker was deceitful here even if they read Sargent 's post because the deceit rests on a distinction which Bush followers do n't recognize .
Hinderaker 's deceit here is noteworthy because it illustrates the central propagandistic myth which really does lies at the heart of almost every terrorism - related debate we are having .
It is a myth which the Bush administration propagates on almost every issue and which the media , inexcusably , almost never points out , even though it is extremely simple , clear and of central importance .
This principle is just axiomatic -- the fact that someone is accused by the Bush administration of being a terrorist or suspected by the administration of working with terrorists does not , in fact , mean that they are a " terrorist . "
There is a distinction between ( a ) being accused or suspected by the Bush administration of working with Al Qaeda and ( b ) actually being in cahoots with Al Qaeda and being a " terrorist .
" But Bush followers simply do not recognize any such distinction .
They literally operate from the premise of Presidential Infallibility .
Thus , to them , if the Bush administration suspects that someone is a terrorist , then it means that they are a terrorist .
To Hinderaker , the AP photographer is a terrorist because the Bush administration says he is .
Hence , Hinderaker complains that AP is not " expressing any embarrassment that it has been publishing propaganda photos taken by an apparent associate of al Qaeda in Iraq " .
Therefore , there are only two choices which a Bush follower like Hinderaker can recognize -- ( 1 ) support the War on Terrorism by supporting the administration 's imprisonment of this photographer , or ( 2 ) side with the Terrorists by demanding that this Terrorist be released ( which is what he told his readers AP is doing ) .
Hinderaker does n't recognize a third option ( such as charge the photographer with terrorism and then determine in a hearing if it 's true ) because , to him , the Bush administration 's accusation of terrorism is tantamount to proof .
Anyone who objects to the Bush administration 's detention of Hussein is , by definition , objecting to the detention of a Terrorist .
Why wait to see if he really is that ?
The Leader has said it is so .
It is thus so .
This mindless , authoritarian belief in Presidential Infallibility repeats itself in almost every debate we are having .
Those who favor greater protections for accused terrorists for military commissions are labelled by Bush followers as advocating for " terrorist rights " even though the whole point is that we can't know they are terrorists until we give them a fair trial .
But to Bush followers , the Leader 's decision to detain them and accuse them is all we need to know .
We can place blind faith in the Leader 's judgment .
Thus , to be accused by the Bush administration of terrorism is the same as being a Terrorist .
Those detained at Guantanamo , or by the U.S. military , or anyone accused by the President of being an " enemy combatant , " is guilty for that reason alone .
And thus anyone who advocates rights for those so accused is , by definition , advocating rights for Terrorists .
The same irrational , zombified mental process dominates the debate over warrantless eavesdropping .
According to the administration , it is only eavesdropping on individuals whom it suspects are involved in some way with Terrorists .
But to the administration and its followers , to be suspected of terrorism by the administration is to be a Terrorist .
Hence , they will say that the Bush administration is only eavesdropping on terrorists because they recognize no distinction between being accused by the administration of terrorism and being a Terrorist .
Thus , anyone opposed to warrantless eavesdropping is , to them , opposed to eavesdropping on Terrorists ( rather than objecting to the administration 's ability to eavesdrop without first demonstrating that there is reason to believe they are a terrorist ) .
Our entire system of Government and the Bill of Rights is based on the principle that to be accused by the Government of being guilty of a crime is not the same as being guilty .
But a recognition of that distinction requires a healthy and definitively American distrust of Government -- exactly what Bush followers lack .
It requires recognition that the Government falsely accuses people all the time of being guilty of things of which they are not actually guilty .
Yet Bush followers are so enamored of their Leader 's Wisdom and Rightness that this distinction eludes them .
They place blind faith in the Leader 's ability to decree who is guilty , and to them , trials and safeguards and rights are just annoying obstacles which interfere with the Leader 's ability to punish the Guilty Terrorists ( , those who have been accused of , or are suspected by , the President of being involved in Terrorism ) .
Those who believe that the Government should have to prove that someone is likely a terrorist before eavesdropping on their conversations -- or those who would like to ensure a reasonably fair trial before we imprison and execute people for being guilty of terrorism -- are no more " pro-terrorist " than those who favor the Bill of Rights are " pro-murderer " or " pro-pedophile . "
People are only guilty once they are charged and their guilt is demonstrated , not when the Government secretly concludes that they are guilty .
It 's clear why Bush followers like Hinderaker can't process that distinction -- because the idea that the Bush administration might falsely accuse someone is something they can't consider -- but why can't the media make that point clear ?
It is very basic to everything Americans know and it rather central to every argument the Bush administration is making when trying to justify ever increasing powers . :
The reliably misleading Mitch McConnell shows how this is done : " For example , I imagine it would be awkward for many of my Democrat colleagues to go home and explain a vote to provide sensitive , classified information to terrorists . . . "
According to McConnell , those who advocate rules whereby accused terrorists can actually see the evidence to be used against them to determine if they are terrorists want " to provide sensitive , classified information .
" Similarly , McConnell calls Bush 's legislation establishing military commissions Bush 's " proposal for "
If they are already " terrorists , " why bother with military commissions at all ?
What are the commissions supposed to determine ?
Why not just skip to the execution part ?
There ’s a certain breed of clients that lives in the past : web 1.0 clients in a web 2.0 world .
They can be a nightmare to work for , and they often end up commissioning horrendous sites that pollute our precious internet .
It might seem easy to just pretend they do n’t exist , or , worse still , to do as they ask , but — brace yourself — these clients are the stepping stones to enlightenment .
It can be frustrating to work for clients who force us to justify our strongly held beliefs , but , budget permitting , it may still be worthwhile .
Article Continues Below
The salt of the earth#section2
“ [ T ] hese few are the salt of the earth ; without them , human life would become a stagnant pool … .
There is only too great a tendency in the best beliefs and practices to degenerate into the mechanical … ” 
— John Stuart Mill , On Liberty
J. S. Mill may have died many years before the birth of the internet , but that ’s not to say he can’t teach us a few things about dealing with clients who need to be educated .
Only by being made to question our own beliefs can we prevent them from becoming dogma — and difficult clients certainly ask plenty of questions .
These clients represent the ultimate test :
They require that we explain why frames are bad .
Why cross - browser compatibility is a serious issue .
Why the use of “ click here ”  is considered inappropriate .
Why we now consider the web to be a medium in which vertical scrolling is acceptable .
They test our knowledge and they test our patience .
We all know why our methods are best practices , but can we justify them ?
Because there ’s no getting unjustified statements past these clients , and there ’s no bamboozling them with buzz phrases and marketing spiel .
You have to justify each of your points in plain , simple English , whether it ’s a usability concern , a standards issue , or a design choice .
Why enlightenment matters #section3
The big clients — the clients who are already paying megabucks — often tend to believe whatever you say .
You ’re the expert and they ’re the client , and you ’re implicitly right because it says so in the last “ 0 ”  on that invoice .
If you were n’t , they ’d feel it was money poorly spent , and nobody wants to admit to a bad investment — so nine times out of ten they ’ll take your word as gospel .
The little man , on the other hand , is n’t always so easily convinced .
They ’re not intentionally testing you : they just do n’t get it .
But there ’s a benefit to staying on top of your game .
Because the next time you hit that one client in ten who ’s paying megabucks and wants a better explanation , you sure as heck do n’t want to be caught off guard .
Perhaps it ’s been 12 months since you last had to explain everything from grassroots .
Perhaps that hesitation , that delay in justifying your fee , is going to go down badly .
Maybe today ’s the day that you lose out on a Fortune 500 gig because you ’re wearing your comfortable slippers and no one ’s made you dance in a while .
If it is , it ’s going to humble you to realize that the owner of the corner shop ( let ’s call him Mr. Smith ) might have helped you win that contract .
Finding the stepping stones #section4
Nine times out of ten these clients will have already found you .
Remember ?
You probably turned down the job because they asked too many questions .
They often tend to be shopkeepers or the owners of small businesses .
Sometimes they ’re just innocent technophobes embarking on their first web adventure .
The last website that they were involved in was 1991 , and they do n’t understand why things have to be different now .
They insist fervently that there should be “ absolutely no scrolling . ” 
They want those cool animated GIFs .
The concept of writing content specifically for the web seems as alien to them as this new - fangled and utterly unnecessary thing called “ broadband . ” 
They more often than not have a son who is a web designer .
He uses FrontPage and hemorrhages “ frames . ” 
Is n’t he clever ?
Falling from the path#section5
You :
You ’ll see I ’ve removed all the “ click here ” links …
Mr. Smith : Why ?
You : Ah. Well .
You see , they ’re not considered to be good practice these days .
Mr. Smith : Why ?
You :
Well , for one thing they do n’t mean anything if the website is printed .
Mr. Smith :
Well who does that ?
You : Right … well , urm … the other thing is it ’s not really technically accurate .
If the user ’s using a keyboard instead of a mouse … if they have a disability for example …
Mr. Smith :
Well that ’s just political correctness gone mad .
You ’re being stupid .
You ’ll be telling me Microsoft ’s had to rename itself to “ Vertically - challenged - soft ” next …
You : ∗ Contemplates beating the client to death with a handy philosophy textbook … ∗
Mr. Smith : … why are you looking at that book ?
You : I was just thinking how to best explain the virtue of this concept to you .
Would you perhaps be persuaded by an amusing and colorful comic strip ?
Mr. Smith : No . You : Oh .
Hold fast , gentle reader .
There ’s another reason to remain on the path .
What if we ’re wrong ?
What if Mr. Smith is right ?
It ’s only by being forced to question our beliefs that we can be certain they ’re right .
The web is an ever - changing medium , we need to be prepared to accept that there ’s a possibility that some of our practices are no longer best .
Or that — and it happens — they may never have been best in the first place , but no one thought to question them with enough force when they were first mentioned .
Should we really not be using tables for layout ?
Is the use of “ click here ”  really so wrong ?
You do n’t need me to play Devil ’s Advocate — Mr. Smith is more than happy to do so without even realizing it .
Periodic reasessment can only improve your work .
Sleeping well at night # section6
After learning to deal with these antediluvian clients , you ’ll breathe a sigh of relief next time you ’re dealing with an “ easy ”  client .
They ’ll be infinitely more convinced that you know what you ’re talking about , and I wager you ’ll have increased confidence in what you ’re preaching .
Even if they never question your decisions , you ’ll have the kind of self - confidence that puts a smile on your face .
Difficult clients who require education represent the ultimate test .
Before we devote all of our time and efforts to producing all - singing , all - dancing websites for Fortune 500 companies , let ’s see if we can spare the time to keep the local shopkeeper happy .
Go on .
The path to enlightenment is never easy , but you never know : you might even enjoy the challenge .
" I am totally psyched for this abortion ! "
" Those pro-life activists made it pretty clear that , unlike me , they actually think abortion is bad and to be avoided .
Are they nuts ?
Abortion is the best ! "
" It was n't until now that I was lucky enough to be pregnant with a child I had no means to support . "
" I just know it 's going to be the best non-anesthetized invasive uterine surgery ever ! "
" The funny thing is , I actually have the pro-life movement to thank for this opportunity . "
" If my HMO would n't have bowed to their pressure not to cover oral contraceptives , I never would 've gotten pregnant in the first place . "
" I realize there are people who will criticize me , calling me selfish and immature because I took " the easy way out . "
I realize there are those who will condemn me to hell for what I 'm about to do .
Well , I do n't care what they say :
It 's worth it for all the fun and laughs I 'm going to have at the clinic .
So listen up , world : I 'm pro-abortion ... and I love it !
See you at my post - abortion party , everybody ! "
Can you face the truth ?
This is what you all are laughing at .
This is what you are responsible for .
Go ahead , laugh at abortion if you can .
The abortion " choice " means , death to a human being at a rate of over 3,000 every single day .
That 's like having a 9/11 attack every day .
50 million human beings have been killed by a woman 's right to choose .
Like I always say , what are you choosing ?
You 're pregnant , you 're having a ____ .
Here are some quotes from a pro-abortion person , Miss Caroline Weber , who wrote an article at The Onion online magazine .
When referring to the killing of her child she said : Who does Miss Weber blame her abortion on ?
The pro-life movement .
It 's our fault ?
She says : Sorry ma'am , if you had n't had sex you would n't have gotten pregnant , it 's not the HMO 's fault for not supporting your promiscuity while not married .
To sum it up , Miss Weber said : Miss Weber , you have killed your child , which you admit is a baby / human being , intentionally .
That does make you an admitted murderer .
I 'm not going to " condemn you to hell " , I 'm going to pray for your forgiveness and for the suffering which you will endure when you realize what you have done .
Every baby you see from that moment on is going to wake you up to the realization that you killed your child .
Speak out against abortion .
Do n't just complain about it .
Join the Monthly Call for Life at MonthlyCallForLife.com .
We call , email and / or march to let our representatives know that we will not stop until they stop the killing of innocent human beings !
United we stand - Divided they die - Pass it on
At the heart of the Christmas story rests some important lessons concerning free enterprise , government , and the role of wealth in society .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
Let ’s begin with one of the most famous phrases : " There ’s no room at the inn . "
This phrase is often invoked as if it were a cruel and heartless dismissal of the tired travelers Joseph and Mary .
Many renditions of the story conjure up images of the couple going from inn to inn only to have the owner barking at them to go away and slamming the door .
In fact , the inns were full to overflowing in the entire Holy Land because of the Roman emperor ’s decree that everyone be counted and taxed .
Inns are private businesses , and customers are their lifeblood .
There would have been no reason to turn away this man of aristocratic lineage and his beautiful , expecting bride .
In any case , the second chapter of St. Luke does n’t say that they were continually rejected at place after place .
It tells of the charity of a single inn owner , perhaps the first person they encountered , who , after all , was a businessman .
His inn was full , but he offered them what he had : the stable .
There is no mention that the innkeeper charged the couple even one copper coin , though given his rights as a property owner , he certainly could have .
Speaking of Liberty Jr. , Llewellyn H. Rock ...
Best Price : $ 1.80 Buy New $ 8.65 ( as of 07:35 EST - Details )
It ’s remarkable , then , to think that when the Word was made flesh with the birth of Jesus , it was through the intercessory work of a private businessman .
Without his assistance , the story would have been very different indeed .
People complain about the " commercialization " of Christmas , but clearly commerce was there from the beginning , playing an essential and laudable role .
And yet we do n’t even know the innkeeper ’s name .
In two thousand years of celebrating Christmas , tributes today to the owner of the inn are absent .
Such is the fate of the merchant throughout all history : doing well , doing good , and forgotten for his service to humanity .
Clearly , if there was a room shortage , it was an unusual event and brought about through some sort of market distortion .
After all , if there had been frequent shortages of rooms in Bethlehem , entrepreneurs would have noticed that there were profits to be made by addressing this systematic problem , and built more inns .
It was because of a government decree that Mary and Joseph , and so many others like them , were traveling in the first place .
They had to be uprooted for fear of the emperor ’s census workers and tax collectors .
And consider the costs of slogging all the way " from Galilee , out of the city of Nazareth , into Judea , unto the city of David , " not to speak of the opportunity costs Joseph endured having to leave his own business .
Thus we have another lesson : government ’s use of coercive dictates distort the market .
Moving on in the story , we come to Three Kings , also called Wise Men .
Talk about a historical anomaly for both to go together !
Most Kings behaved like the Roman Emperor ’s local enforcer , Herod .
Not only did he order people to leave their homes and foot the bill for travel so that they could be taxed .
Herod was also a liar : he told the Wise Men that he wanted to find Jesus so that he could " come and adore Him . "
In fact , Herod wanted to kill Him .
Hence , another lesson : you ca n’t trust a political hack to tell the truth .
Once having found the Holy Family , what gifts did the Wise Men bring ?
Not soup and sandwiches , but " gold , frankincense , and myrrh . "
These were the most rare items obtainable in that world in those times , and they must have commanded a very high market price .
Far from rejecting them as extravagant , the Holy Family accepted them as gifts worthy of the Divine Messiah .
Neither is there a record that suggests that the Holy Family paid any capital gains tax on them , though such gifts vastly increased their net wealth .
Hence , another lesson : there is nothing immoral about wealth ; wealth is something to be valued , owned privately , given and exchanged .
When the Wise Men and the Holy Family got word of Herod ’s plans to kill the newborn Son of God , did they submit ?
Not at all .
The Wise Men , being wise , snubbed Herod and " went back another way "  taking their lives in their hands ( Herod conducted a furious search for them later ) .
As for Mary and Joseph , an angel advised Joseph to " take the child and his mother , and fly into Egypt . "
In short , they resisted .
Lesson number four : the angels are on the side of those who resist government .
In the Gospel narratives , the role of private enterprise , and the evil of government power , only begin there .
Jesus used commercial examples in his parables ( e.g. , laborers in the vineyard , the parable of the talents ) and made it clear that he had come to save even such reviled sinners as tax collectors .
And just as His birth was facilitated by the owner of an " inn , " the same Greek word " kataluma " is employed to describe the location of the Last Supper before Jesus was crucified by the government .
Thus , private enterprise was there from birth , through life , and to death , providing a refuge of safety and productivity , just as it has in ours .
November 3 , 2000
The Best of Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
What the Iranians Are Probably Thinking
Mr. Polk taught at Harvard from 1955 to 1961 when he was appointed a member of the Policy Planning Council of the US State Department .
In 1965 he became professor of history at the University of Chicago and founded its Middle Eastern Studies Center .
Subsequently , he also became president of the Adlai Stevenson Institute of International Affairs .
Among his books are The United States and the Arab World , The Elusive Peace : The Middle East in the Twentieth Century , Neighbors and Strangers : the Fundamentals of Foreign Affairs and the just - published Understanding Iraq .
Other of his writings can be accessed on www.williampolk.com.
The American military learned from the German army that war gaming is often helpful in seeing what motivates the opponent , what he is likely to do and what effect his doing it would have .
So , I will here imagine that I am an Iranian policy planner doing what I used to do for the American government .
Here is what I would see and what would I advise .
Reading what American officials are saying in the press I would assume that they are planning to attack the country , abort Iran ’s nuclear program and destroy the regime .
My job would be to make invading Iran less attractive and offer an alternative that America could accept .
First , I would ask intelligence analysts what the risks are .
The first is espionage .
The US could attempt through covert action to bring about a coup d’état as it did in Iran in 1952 .
Iranian security officers would report that the US is now doing this .
The second risk is an aerial attack like Israel made in 1981 on the Osiraq nuclear facility in Iraq .
America has given Israel the weapons to carry out such an attack on Iran and itself has bases surrounding Iran from which it could launch its own attacks .
But such an attack could probably not succeed with conventional weapons because the most important Iranian sites are deep underground .
So , the Americans would probably use nuclear weapons .
This would be a catastrophe : even a small nuclear weapon – what Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld called a “ robust nuclear earth penetrator ” -- would kill thousands , perhaps scores of thousands of Iranians , and throw up about 1 million cubic meters of radioactive soil .
As an Iranian policy planner , I would carefully study the recent history of Iraq as a sort of “ war game . ”
I would see that not having nuclear weapons did not save Saddam .
I would also see that it was not so much nuclear weapons that worried the US .
During the Reagan and first Bush administrations , the US actually helped Saddam move toward acquiring them .
Now America has accepted even North Korea into the nuclear club .
So , the lesson I would draw is that had Saddam waited until he had a bomb , the US probably would not have moved militarily against him .
But Saddam did not have time to wait .
Would Iran ?
What I would see a rising tide of threat : from being told that Iran is part of the “ Axis of Evil , ” I would note that America is pressuring suppliers not to sell Iran even “ conventional ” means to defend itself .
Iranian intelligence officers would report that for much of the last two years , Americans have been over - flying Iran , pin-pointing targets as they did in Iraq before their 2003 invasion , and infiltrating agents to encourage revolt .
Since it is on the Internet , I would have read the “ National Defense Strategy of the United States of America , ” justifying preemptive attack .
So , how could Iran defend itself ?
Iran ’s first defense is its people .
Although the government is disliked by many Iranians , they are as unlikely to aid a foreign invader as anti-Castro Cubans were during the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion or anti-Saddam Iraqis were during the 2003 invasion .
The 150,000 members of the Revolutionary Guard showed their fanatical devotion to their country during the Iraq - Iran war and almost certainly would do so again .
Iran is large and has several times the population of Iraq ; so it could , and almost certainly would , fight a protracted guerrilla war .
The government has been stockpiling suitable arms to do so .
Iran ’s second asset is that American forces are bogged down in the Iraqi “ quicksand . ”
Most Americans realize that guerrilla wars are ruinously expensive and virtually unwinnable ; they might not support an attack on another country .
Almost certainly America ’s allies would not .
The third asset is that , unlike remote and isolated North Korea , Iran has foreign friends and allies .
Iran ’s national religion , Shiism , has millions of adherents outside of Iran .
Paradoxically , insuring the political success of the Iraqi Shiis was the most significant gift of America to Iran .
An American attack on Iran would push the Iraqis Shiis into what has been heretofore a mainly Sunni resistance .
Then , American troops would be almost as much hostages as actors .
Iran ’s fourth asset is that , unlike North Korea , it is a significant trading partner with countries and multinational corporations in much of Europe and Asia .
China , in particular , is a major consumer of Iranian oil .
Disruption of Iranian production would hurt China and drive much of the world into depression .
The Iranian policy planner , however , would be naïve to count on these assets .
He would realize that governments do not always act on a rational intelligence assessments .
Sometimes they are driven by ideology or listen to the siren song of those who seek their help .
As in Iraq , exile groups tell the Americans that the Iranian government is weak and that the people are only waiting for a signal to overthrow it .
So , the Iranian planner would tell his government that the only sure way to avoid attack is to acquire nuclear weapons .
That is what all the other nuclear powers -- the United States , the Soviet Union , Great Britain , France , China , Israel , India , Pakistan and now North Korea – have done .
The “ acquisition phase , ” however , is a time of great danger .
Iranians must assume that America , Israel and perhaps others will try to stop Iran before it gets nuclear weapons .
Therefore a prudent Iranian policy planner would advise his government to move as rapidly and as secretly as possible .
Presumably this is being done .
A second prudent action would be to deploy facilities widely to make their destruction difficult or impossible .
This has already been done .
( Parenthetically , to show that my hypothetical Iran policy planner is not just a wooly - minded Persian mullah , a distinguished student of strategy at the Hebrew University in Israel commented that “ Had the Iranians not tried to build nuclear weapons , they would be crazy . ” )
During this dangerous acquisition period , which might last several years , I would advise the Iranian government to throw dust in the eyes of would - be attackers .
The “ dust ” could consist of the claim that Iran ’s program is purely for the production of energy and so is both peaceful and legal under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and / or that under appropriate circumstances Iran would drop work on weapons .
Diplomatically , it could hold endless discussions on terms and conditions with the International Atomic Energy Agency , with the European Union and , even , with the United States .
This is exactly what has happened .
Dissimulation ( taqiyyah ) is , after all , a traditional Shia Persian defense .
Dropping the role of a Persian adviser , I see two key questions : first , could Iran already have a nuclear weapon ?
The answer is a guarded yes .
During the period of the collapse of the Soviet Union , controls broke down .
The “ guardians ” were not being paid a living wage and were looting storage dumps .
Almost everything was for sale .
Iran had the money to buy .
No one knows if it actually did .
We know that it got components and know - how from Pakistan .
If it has even one weapon , then an attack by the US would almost certainly be catastrophic either or both to America and to Israel .
Second , if Iran does not yet have the bomb , what should be done ?
Further threats will only harden its resolve and military action would cause unacceptable damage .
The only sensible way out of the dilemma we face is a serious move toward regional nuclear disarmament and suitable security guarantees to Iran .
Such a change of policy has so many benefits for America – and rest of the world including Israel – that it should be undertaken immediately .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
Peter K. Clarke - 10/9/2007
Polk may be short on realistic recommended solution because there are n't any very good ones left .
What was needed to stop Iran from going nuclear was a carrot , a stick , and joint strategy , shared by the US and its allies , for using those two tools .
If Mr. Korachev seriously thinks there is a snowball 's chance in hell of G.W.
Bush becoming the first person in world history to launch a first - strike nuclear attack he is loonier than the " certified " deranged leaders of the country he seems to have a rather cartoonish knowledge of .
Fratboy W. Bush squandered America 's conventional stick using it to turn Saddam 's tyranny into a less stable anarchy .
His massively incompetent administration failed until this week to even discern the value in having a carrot to go along with the ( since quagmired ) stick .
The We - Don't - Do-Nation - Building administration lacks both a credible strategy on Iran and the wherewithal with which to formulate one .
By the time Hillary or John McCain or whomever takes over in 2009 it will most probably be too late .
Peter K. Clarke - 10/9/2007
Mark ,
I never said " the U.S. is invading Iran . "
It is certainly also undeniable that America still has the ability to blow up huge swathes of Iran and create an Al Qaeda paradise , without using nuclear weapons itself .
It is also painfully obvious that the USA does not have anything like the volunteer manpower , the public will , or the international credibility ( all of which would be needed to force a lasting pro-Western regime change on Iran ) which it DID have before large amounts of these three capabilities were recklessly and ineptly ( if not treasonously ) squandered on the Iraq boondoogle .
" Everyone " may see indeed see " that hour is late " on Ahmadinejad 's drive for nuclear weaponry .
That makes it all the more regrettable that the U.S. efforts in this late hour are headed by discredited , distrusted and proven incompetents , greatly weakened by their own hubris , arrogance , and past blunders .
Slogans and jargon like EBO may win elections , but they are not the same as a credible foreign policy strategy .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006 Darren ,
Good evening .
Usually , I jump right into a posting such as yours with a fire / aim / ready attitude but , your post was so well written , thought provoking and logical it caused two day pause / reflection on the points presented .
It is unfortunate that many threads at HNN turn into a pissing contest instead of an enlightened learning experience of shared ideas / thoughts / examples / solutions / problem solving and networking of resources .
War especially , one involving our great nation , evokes high emotions / anxiety / sentiment and a defensive posture against any viewpoint not shared by the reader / participant .
If this were 1982 and a Falkland 's War discussion the temperature of these posts would be freezing to nonexistent .
I totally agree that all wars are political / ideological in nature but , carry with them an underlying current / mix of economic need / necessity / wants , religiosity , social aims / constraints , historical baggage / prejudices / tribalism , territorial protection / objectives and oddly for some societies war was / is an occupation ... Sparta or Mongolia ... the United States has made the military / war an occupation / career and we are a very warlike / violent people / nation / society .
The issue of US not partaking / utilizing / history of preemptive warfare is a false flag just ask the North American plains Indian .
The War of 1812 saw the British burn the US Capitol but , our history does n't mention our provoking incursions / designs on Canada or actions in / around Toronto .
The US has either taken lead / directly instigated / precipitated every conflict it has been involved in since .
As for the war in Iraq being won or lost ... it 's not over until the last body hits the dirt with a thud .
The German 's swept through France yet , lost WWII .
The US had a kill rate advantage of 30 - 1 versus Vietnam and lost .
The home team always holds the edge for they have nowhere else to go .
Genocide / total annihilation is the only way to defeat the home team .
There is talk by some of Germany / Japan graciousness following losing WWII but , I have many Japanese friends who during a good drunk will gladly share their resentment of the US .
Wars also are proven to be very fluid / cyclical and have definite maturation patterns / periods .
Look no further than Afghanistan and the current US troubles there .
To the warhawk who boasts that the US has every right to occupy / nation build in Iraq or cannot understand why Iraqi's are resistant my only question to these folks is a theoretical one that I have asked here before without response ...
The Russian Army occupies your town do you ?
A. ) Appease , assist , placate , cooperate , welcome the Russian invader
or
B. ) Kill , attack , resist , fight against the Russian invader until your own death relieves one of life 's burden from the oppressor
Now put yourself in the shoes of a native Iraqi .
Take care ...
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006
Pox infected blankets ...
Trail Of Tears ...
Germ warfare at it 's finest .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006
Not for the squeamish ...
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article13129.htm
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006
Peter ,
Reality bites .
Help yourself to read whatever / comment whenever but , ignoring what may or may not be true and wearing darkened shades to filter out unpleasantness is your loss / stupidity .
This information was available on Italian TV but , unless you understand Italian the post would be of little value except for the shocking video .
If you really believe that the US DOD does not have superior / space age / leading edge weaponry such as lasers then it is you who are the ignoramus .
Finally , believe me I have read all your posts and even for a dope like me am thoroughly unimpressed .
My hope is that you do not make your career as an academic .
PS ... do n't have any unwanted ' bowel movements " after reading this rebuttal to your less than educated response .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006 Rob ,
I am really surprised .
You of all HNN posters who , happens to be one of the best historians at this site , questioning the Cherokee death march across the Trail Of Tears or more shockingly not even disputing this event / defending USG actions / genocide .
I never expected you of all people to be so short shifted to this little piece of Americana ...
http://www.snowwowl.com/vwtrailoftears.html
http://www.egyptianaaa.org/SI-Trail-of-Tears.htm
This little tidbit of history goes a long way helping us to understand / explain the rights nonchalant attitude / ignoring the death of innocent Iraqi 's who we were sent to liberate .
Liberate from this earth that is ... only 946 Iraqi civilians killed during May .
We need to step it up and drop a few thousand more per month if Mr. Bush wants to show up Mr. Jackson do n't you think ?
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006
Peter ,
I was n't through with you yet as my post this morning was rushed heading out the door to the office .
My reading material also includes the Weekly Standard but , why bother when we know you already devour their BS ...
Here is some better material for you on laser development usage from a more comforting rightist perspective ...
See this months DTI pg. 26
http://www.defensetechnologyinternational.com/
This will assist in your understanding of lasers as viable battlefield weaponry .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006 Darren ,
Hello .
It comes down to two things ... manliness and money .
Remember George HW Bush and the Wimp Factor ?
Junior Bush vowed never to be cast in these particular footsteps of old Poppy .
Iraq is his ball scratching moment .
Iran his tobacco spittoon .
Tough guy ... bring 'em on / smoke 'em out ... he 's a sissy and latent mothers boy .
Look at the hawks ... all tough talk / macho ...
O'Reilly , Hannity , Limbaugh ... forget Kimberly Dozier these jackals would take a serious ass whipping from an average sized school girl but , behind a microphone look out .
Who do you think some of these posters are emulating ?
Certainly not William F. Buckley Jr. or Bill Moyers .
This site at time seethes with machismo from the same posters who rail against Bill Clinton for coping a feel and a BJ ...
Oppressed sexual desires / frustrations vented at a history blog ... is it any wonder no consensus or solutions are ever found here ?
The second driver is money .
The US does everything for / worship of cold hard cash .
Nothing else matters and surely , nothing better get in the way of making it .
That is why we , as a nation , have a limited moral compass / compassion and strong desire / emulation of those with money .
Regardless , of how the money was obtained .
Iran has oil .
Oil equates to money .
So we need to take out Iran .
Though money is never mentioned as a reason ... it 's an evil you know especially , for those who do n't have it .
Or , so that those who have it say .
The money men have been shut out from Iran since 1979 ... payback 's a bitch .
Re-read your excellent post with money in mind and you 'll see the tie in ...
TV ratings = money
Rabid demagoguery = money
War = money
Diplomacy does not = money ( in most cases ) therefore , out the window with this loss leader .
The progress of mankind as an intelligent / whole / full potential being is a few thousand years away ... when money does n't matter and sex is not taboo .
Have a good evening ...
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006
Peter ,
You write , " defeated Iraq " .
Where the hell is this defeat / when did it happen / date and what 's the name of the planet you 're living on ?
At last glance we are still fighting and dying in country / everyday to the tune of 2.465 dead .
Sure , does n't smell like victory to me .
Your rhetoric is not only enough to choke a horse but , is totally mindless .
Invest $ 0.50 to buy a paper / read the front page then , come back to tell us about our stunning victory in Iraq .
andy mahan - 9/18/2006 " war is meant to achieve particular political ends "
This Darren is undoubtedly the truth .
For the same reason I 've often thought it silly that people try to equate Vietnam with military failure , hence , political failure .
Not even close to being so .
The Truman policy of the time prescribed the " containment " of communism .
And in asia our Vietnam presence accomplished that .
If not the actual killing of commies the act of warring positively curtailed Russia and China ( to a lesser degree ) from attempting to spread communism .
By the time we got out the world scene had changed and the commies were no longer bent on spreading communism worldwide as they did after WWII .
We are effectively doing the same thing in the Middleeast that we did in Vietnam , and with great success .
It is only a matter of degree .
Should we be as sucessful as we changed Vietnam 's social , political and economic form forever or should our success look more like the Marshall Plan ?
Those that hate Republicans will only accept a Marshall Plan model and will go kicking and screaming the entire way because of the imperfections of war .
Arnold Shcherban - 6/5/2006 < And yet , Mr. Shcherban , it 's the nature of those who hate America , abroad and domestically , that tells me it's on a right track . >
And yet , Mr Kovachev , the character / " nature " attacks is infamously poor substitution for logical arguments and undeniable historical facts , which I supplied ( though in very abridged format ) plenty , but you countered not .
Before I forget : my congratulations
on joining the ranks of intiution - driven religious and political freaks .
Any way , what higher nature are you and the your likes of ?
One more sample of typically American
ignorance , arrogance and brutality .
Peter Kovachev - 6/4/2006
And yet , Mr. Shcherban , it 's the nature of those who hate America , abroad and domestically , that tells me it's on a right track .
Let me know if you wish to make a point about Iran and we 'll chat .
mark safranski - 6/3/2006 Peter ,
The U.S. is not invading Iran .
The Bush administration will use an EBO campaign to deconstruct all of Iran 's modern systems ( command & control , communiations , power , water , rail etc. etc. ) .
This does n't mean it is wise to attack or that Iran can't retaliate or that there is a guarantee of even destroying nuke facilities but as far as destabilizing all of Iran 's urban centers this threat is a very real stick .
We have 3 x the air power positioned in the Gulf now that we did when we invaded Iraq .
The Iranians know this and so do the Russians and the Chinese ( hence the sudden shift at the UNSC and the discussions about having direct talks - everyone suddenly sees that the hour is late )
Arnold Shcherban - 6/3/2006 Mr. Mahan ,
The whole thing is that the US foreign policy has never been guided
by firm and definite ideological or humane principles .
Ideology and humanism have been used just as smoking screen to hide real principles : economic expansion and eventually world hegemony .
Money , profits , as it was stressed by Patrick , that 's the US corporate elite 's ( that designs and controls political and social life in this country ) ideology in general , and religion , in particular .
Therefore , your reference to the so - called policy of containment is the reference to one of those smoke - screens , not to the actual motivations of the Truman 's or the consequent Washington administration .
Americans at the time had been told
and far from just by fanatical preachers and right and nutty journalists , but by government officials , that unless Vietkong and North Vietnam were stopped , very soon Reds will be marching not only across entire Asian continent , but here - on the US territory .
( Not already mentioning all other lies and provocations plagiarized directly from the manuals of Goebbels ' propaganda ) that Communists have not only win( though at terrible price thanks to the US barbaric bombing and napalm , but turned South Vietnam and Cambodia into communist states .
Plus ,
the vast majority in the world ( including millions of Americans themselves ) protested and condemned the US barbaric , anti-humane , and anti-democratic ( against majority will ) actions at the time .
However , communism has not spead all over Asian continent , not mentioning the unrealization of really scary for the Americans " Russian are coming " projection .
Moreover , up to now a single piece of hard evidence is yet to be found that Russia and / or China had been planning and executing communist conquest of the world , marxist theoretical predictions of the proletarian revolutions in the mostly developed capitalist countries notwithstanding , being stopped just by the US " warring " ( read - imperialism ) , especially in the Third World , as you hypothesize .
What was " effectively " done over South - Eastern US " warring " ( with the help of their allies among the native polulation ) is killing , at the least , 2 millions of Asians , not mentioning
the enormous scale of later suffering among the survivors and economic destruction , i.e. the main
goals of any terrorist groups and organizations , effected with the same
deadly means too .
Not mentioning already the bloodshed in the aftermath of that Asian US affair that the US policies there had ( according to ahistorical historians , like yourself ) nothing to do with .
And you quite right : " we " are doing
the same thing ( and principally , on the same reasons , though technically
speaking , the reasons are different )
in the Middle East and with " great success " too ... considering the number
of dead , wounded , and the " degree " of the destruction of economic and social life in such a short period of time .
Arnold Shcherban - 6/2/2006 Pearl Harbor was a military attack
against military fleet .
Japan never
attacked territory of the United States , not mentioning its civilians
on the US territory .
US atomic bombs were used primarily against civilian population of Japan ,
as the WMD of TERROR , attacks which in modern history had been always recognized as WAR CRIMES by all civilised countries ( the other thing that virtually every country had one time or another been commited such crimes ) .
Not mentioning already that
just US conventional bombing killed dozens of thousands of Japanese civilians with destruction of Japan 's major cities before the nuclear one .
Besides , the major point of my previous comments was not debating the reason behind different US military actions / wars , but stress the
record degree of hypocrisy of the US elite , when constantly fear - mongering Americans , while commiting numerous acts of outrageous agressions against other countries ( Vietnam , Cambodia ,
Cuba , Grenada , Panama , Nicaragua , and others ; some - directly , some - by proxy ) without its territory ever being attacked by any COUNTRY ) .
Arnold Shcherban - 6/2/2006
My non -dear non-friend , your obsolete argument about many people 's great desire to live in this country , the undeniable fact indeed , has very little to do with their feelings and opinions about US foreign policies .
The absolute majority of those folks
are apolitical ( as they are everywhere in the world , including this country ) and poor that seek US residence to live better economically and socially .
Millions of Muslims come and live in Western Europe on exactly same reasons , but they also are against many moves of European governments in abroad .
Just one also undeniable fact : there are millions of American citizens which feel ashamed and condemn those policies .
Forget about murderous tyrants ( many of which this country either supported
in the past or continue to support as we speak , despite the protests of great majority of corresponding populus ) , let 's play your democratic card and go for " help " to Europe .
It is also undeniable fact , according
to numerous polls in the past and in present , that majority ( but rarely their governments ) in Great Britain , Germany , France , Italy , Spain , i.e. major European states oppose many US initatives on the international arena , not mentioning already this country 's geo-strategic agenda .
Unfortunately , your imperialistic
mind apparently found my other , much more important , arguments and facts indormitable to debate .
Arnold Shcherban - 6/2/2006 Vietnam : defoliants , which also happened to be extremely harmful for
humans and animals and considered by
UN commissions as chemical weapon , i.e. WMD , the conclusion surely opposed by just one country - US .
Iraq : radoactive bombs and shells , with human victims among Iraqis ( especially children ) and " coalition of the willing " troops .
Tim R. Furnish - 6/1/2006
What in God 's name are you talking about ?
What " personal attacks " have I engaged in ?
Tim R. Furnish - 6/1/2006
No , it 's not " self - published . "
Greenwood / Praeger published it : http://www.greenwood.com/catalog/C8383.aspx
I do n't treat this website with contempt .
I treat folks who engage in ad hominem attacks and Far Left ideology contempt .
In fact , since I take the time to actually come on here and answer my critics ( go read some of my dozen or so articles on this site ) , I must take it rather seriously , would n't you say ?
Rob Willis - 6/1/2006
Goods for service , lad , goods for service .
Rob Willis - 6/1/2006
Uh , that should be " germs " in that strange verbal gap .
Apparently I have some .
Darren Michael Peterson - 6/1/2006
Oh no !
I can not believe it .
A professor of a college comes onto a public blog and writes the way that you do ?
My God I feel sorry for anyone taking a class from you .
And it is supposedly only the " lefties " that make such bad professors .
I am doubly shocked .
You profess to be an expert on Islamic history and instead of persuading people based upon your knowledge you make personal attacks .
You are a member of a college yet you treat this website hosted by a university ( and their guests ) with such contempt ... then you wonder why people do not take you seriously ?
It really is almost to precious to believe .
Darren Michael Peterson - 6/1/2006
I would say that the open - mindedness of the left is reserved for people who seriously wish to explore ideas .
Why should anyone seriously wish to debate whether the earth is flat just because someone wants to claim it is ?
Besides naming a few of the sects of the Islamic faith and the childish continuation of lowering the standards and attacking well meaning people wishing to discuss and learn about serious issues ... you have shown yourself worthy of a guest spot on Rush 's radio show or maybe FOX news .
Ahhhhh ... that old attack of the liberal when he does n't want to play the game , " But you are supposed to listen to everyone ! "
No sir , only to those with something worth listening too .
If you are an author , then you must know that people will use the way you present yourself as a measure of your credibility .
Alas , from what I have read ... in this case , writing a book does not an author , or scholar , make .
BTW , I am unable to find your book under your name using Google .
Is it self published for just a few readers ?
Or can anyone find it out there with the rest of the mainstream ?
Darren Michael Peterson - 6/1/2006 Mr. Safranski ,
I agree that the recommendations may not necessarily work , that regional disarmament is difficult , if not unlikely .
What I personally liked was the human face of the Iranians .
I have known many of them who fled Iran after the Shah .
I also really believe that you must know everything you can about your opponent ... believing that he is inferior or incapable of rational thought leads to assumptions that usually have to be paid for in blood .
Firmness in international dealings , especially from a moral standpoint is difficult .
President Carter was vilified because of his reluctance to deal with despots and tyrant ... the problem seemed to be , a lot of them were on our side .
I believe that his Camp David peace accords are worth the effort though of dealing with other people as equals .
Beginning a negotiation in the diplomatic realm by making unilateral demands and threats , no matter how well it plays at home will not further any diplomatic goals .
Yes .
We have to be secure .
We want all people in the world to have the freedoms we enjoy .
As anyone who has had children or studied discipline knows ... punishment really does only work for short - term behavior .
It can also create resentment and a desire to retaliate .
Carrots and stocks can work .
More carrots than sticks .
The middle - east sees the past differently than we do .
They see actions we have taken in light of the cold war , where we supported unsavory characters and they have not forgotten .
They are also a very proud people .
Some Americans will mistakenly equate material worth with pride ... believing that the Iranian people would be willing to forsake their national pride ( like the Iraqi were presumed to do once we defeated Saddam ) to gain the material wealth and freedoms we do have .
There are not many democratic traditions within the middle - east .
Many of the countries were created based on the needs of the European victors of WWI rather than the reality of the people occupying the land .
Iran is really not one of these though .
The only real democratic Muslim country in the area is Turkey .
It was an internally caused shift that was fairly bloody .
However , even with their strong desire to be aligned to the west , their secular government and their tradition of being a worthy ally in NATO they are still not considered " western " enough for the European Union .
It makes me wonder if it is possible for any Arab or Muslim country to become " civilized " enough to meet the demanding criteria that we hold them to ?
Turkey should be courted and immediately brought into the EU and a free trade agreement with America .
We should use examples of success for any country that deals with us on a mutually respectful basis and hope for continuing growth .
If there is to be compromise , if there is going to be a way to eventually persuade the people of the middle - east that our way is better it should be by promotion rather than force .
I personally do not feel qualified to tell the non-combatant casualties that I thought it was in their best interest that they die or lose loved ones because I felt they deserved freedom along the American lines .
I believe that this should be left up to them with as much encouragement as we can .
I do agree that it will be difficult .
Solutions are what is needed .
Some who have posted have been very articulate with the problems ... and the problems with Mr. Polk .
While Mr. Polk 's essay is but one voice , all the voices looking towards a rational solution should be welcomed .
Peter Kovachev - 6/1/2006 ...ah , but the original condition was devoit of wages and money as well !
Darren Michael Peterson - 6/1/2006 Mr. Ebbitt ,
I made one last comment in the sand box portion and decided that they were having too much fun and did n't require nor want adult supervision .
So I will post under this subject from now on and since they do n't have anything particular to say , I wo n't bother reading it .
It is indicative of way things are today , even in our national political arena where we feel a need to demonize the opponent instead of articulating ( objectively and honestly ) their beliefs versus ours on an issue .
Like Sunday talk shows ... guests with opposing views are not invited to air their views , but to be battled with by the host so they can try pontificate their own views .
Is it any wonder that some would consider diplomacy useless ?
Or that the UN has only one purpose and that is to support us and to give us the resolutions we can justify as a basis for actions .
Yet , when the UN does not do our dance they are attacked ?
Same with organizations for human rights .
Their reports are valid for detailing the violations of our enemies , but if they report on human abuses in America then they also are attacked .
Domestically and internationally , what I see is a bunch of rabid people in a pissing contest with another group of rabid people ... neither side willing to back down .
They both are 100 % morally certain .
I am more a pragmatist than an ideologue .
That is one of the reasons I do n't like words or behaviors redefined to win an argument , such as the people who wish to believe that Mr. Kovachev 's initial posting was not attacking Mr. Polk personally .
Okay , I will grant that it is my belief that it was a personal attack and those that disagree are not within the same frame of reference I am .
However , then in my opinion all their credibility is lost and why bother any more ?
If we think about it ... diplomacy really is n't that big of a deal between countries that think alike .
Anyone can manage those .
It is the countries that we are not in agreement with ... the contentious relationships that require statesmen .
All we have are politicians .
Politicians who have learned that by dividing , making it an " us versus them " issue instead of one based upon the differences of the means to what is best for America they can win .
Rhetoric , name calling , " plain talk " , and " cowboy antics " plays well for the home crowd but is detrimental in the diplomatic arena .
I personally do not need my emotions stirred to do what is right .
Instead , I want to know all I can and then do the best with the information I have and the reasoning I applied to it .
Some may really really really hate diplomacy .
They may despise having to consider any other nation 's concerns .
Tough ... that is the way of the world .
That is the pragmatic streak .
Yes , we all want to be secure .
We all want everyone to share in the rights we enjoy .
Reality is ... we are not going to get there by the road we are taking .
Progress will be made by mature , intelligent people .
Not because someone uses boorish language and behaviors to stifle debate .
Not because they want to make me react from fear .
Darren Michael Peterson - 6/1/2006 Mr. Furnish ,
Possibly you do n't believe that it was a personal attack .
Fair enough .
As to the imposition of democratic values ... it can be argued that those were already a part of the societies defeated in WWII and we were just restoring them .
India ?
I do not know if I would really want to use them as a prime example of Western interference in a country ... the " civilizing " or westernizing of India was extremely bloody .
The breaking away of the Muslims into Pakistan and Bangladesh was also incredibly bloody .
As for Turkey , you may note in some postings I have made , that Turkey is indeed an example of the democratic institution in a Muslim country .
It was brought about internally ...
They have been our supporters in NATO for about 50 years , have been trying to enter the EU for quite a few years ... yet are still met with the western attitude that they are not up to the standards required .
Which shows me that the fundamental changes expected of Muslim countries before they are considered acceptable ( civilized ? ) will not let this end with Iraq or with Iran .
Asking Americans to sacrifice should be based on a strategic goal with clearly defined objectives and a means to get there .
I have not seen anything other than rhetoric designed to instill fear and an attempt to bully .
I would say that the whole " neo- con " debacle is going to be a sad chapter in our history .
For the record , it is widely believed that the " neo-cons " were democrats who disagreed with the Democrat 's stand during the Vietnam era .
That American should take the role of creating change through the world .
They created wonderful reports detailing all the sins of all the countries in which they wanted to spread democracy .
Unfortunately , they seemed to believe that all we had to do was intimidate them or invade them to achieve these goals .
I do not know about Wilsonian idealism as pertaining to the 1970 's up to today ...
I believe that there are ways we can influence change in the world .
I do not believe that is starts with calling those agree with " evil " and making ultimatums .
Yes , they may be evil ... but that is not a responsible way to being negotiations .
Rob Willis - 6/1/2006
Patrick , pop quiz :
When were first confirmed to be the cause of disease ?
Rob Willis - 6/1/2006
If you guys can pull this off , remember , you have to turn it over in original condition .
That means tearing up a bunch of roads , buildings , bridges , etc .
Re-stocking the mountain lions and Kodiak bears might be tough , but hey , there will be a huge labor force willing to pitch in for low wages , eh ?
Tim R. Furnish - 6/1/2006
I observe that all you 've managed are ad hominem attacks .
Care to dispute any of my historical examples or , Allah forbid , actually READ my book before you condemn it out of hand ?
What happened to open - mindedness on the Left ?
James Spence - 6/1/2006
Pay attention .
" old venerable essence of Islam " were my words , not " strain " .
I ’m astonished by your character revealed from your comments here considering you wrote a book about an Islamic movement .
Now I wonder how much you really know .
At one point I thought your opinions were credible , but that ’s over , seeing as you ’re the type who ’s entertained by boorish comments from some big mouth warrior over in Canada who I would n’t give the time of day .
But you really redefine the meaning of scholar .
Congratulations !
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006 ... and not for the ones who do n't want to wake up the house with their loud laughter either , Mr. Ebbitt .
Your " article " failed to mention teluric currents , voodoo dolls , joo - joo magic , poisoned candy , AIDS powder , impotency rays and other popular phantasmagoria of the Arab street .
Now that I know what you read for information , Mr. Ebbitt , I feel better for ignoring most of your posts .
Have a good night and do n't let the death rays bite .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006 Mr. Shcherban ,
As I find lengthy responses to boilerplate politburo releases pointless , I 'll just save my comments for one .
With regards to " the will of the overwhelming majority in the world , " I 'm not sure how you 've determined what it may be , since the " overwhelming majority " is governed by murderous tyrants who wo n't let the folks below speak too much .
But if immigration applications and attempts to sneak in are any indication , that majority would give their mothers to the hyenas to have a chance to live in the US .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
Actually , come to think of it ( although it will undermine my pithiness ) , I have more than two words for you regarding our nuking of Japan in WWII :
Bataan Death March
Nanking
Alliance with Hitler
But as you 're probably a Chomskian , this short historical litany of horrors perpetrated by the Empire of Japan will no doubt fail to penetrate your thick cranium .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
Ah , irony .
Let 's see : regarding the U.S. use of nuclear weapons , I have two words for you : Pearl Harbor .
And I 'd be interested to know the other alleged examples of the U.S. using WMDs .
Please .
Arnold Shcherban - 5/31/2006
As far as I 'm aware of there is only
one country in this world , the most democratic , peaceful ( a la business - minded ) and the least evil who actually not just used nuclear weapons on two occasions , and WMD , in general , on many others , but accumulated the enormous arsenal of those and continue to develop the new ones and upgrade the old ones .
That same country which initiated directly or by proxy the most number
of military attacks / wars against the other countries / governments around the world in the last half of 20th and 21st centuries ; the same country
that blocked the greatest number of
UN Security Councel resolutions .
The same country that killed more FOREIGN civilians combined than any other country in the world over the abiovementioned period of time , the same country whose governments continuously spit on UN , international laws , and the will of the overwhelming majority in the world , acting on international arena as it pleased , while professing itself as the Land of the Law , simulataneously usurping the rights
to have " interests " in any corner of the earth .
The same country that perpertually announces new and new great threats and dangers any other country ( ies ) that does n't play ball with it at the time cause to its security and those interests in order to continue its drive to world economic and military hegemony .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006
Yes , tanks are more fun .
I 'd like to borrow one to run over a neighbour 's noisy motor bike .
I 'm glad you 'll let me have BC , Professor , I 'll even take the Liberals , only because of the pretty mountains , the phenomenal salmon fishing and the fact that my wife 's family have a swell spot on one of the Gulf Islands .
Perhaps we can give Quebec to a future Aztlan then , since neither one of us wants it .
We can let the UN feed them .
Of course , they could ask for " territorial integrity " like the Pals , and that would be interesting .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006
Well , double - honoured , Professor .
Of course I 've read your articles here , all of them I 'm sure and with pleasure .
I 'm just so lousy with names .
Most article contributors here either ignore us peons in the pits or respond with a few haughty lines .
And here I am , bantering with you about how to divvy up Canada and to let the Aztlan fans have their Aztlan so that they can eat it after all the supermarkets have been been cleaned out in a fortnight .
Now here is a contributor , right in this issue , who represents the more typical attitude on these pages :
" I welcome informed collegial comment on particulars of historical fact , comparative text , and the overall meaning of the discoveries presented .
And , i'll respond point for point in this forum , to such critique from colleagues .
So , first read the book . "
( Steven F. Sage , The Playwright Hitler Plagiarized ) .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006
Honoured to be offered club membership .
This for the butlers : I prefer peaty single malts , like Laphroaig and Lagavulin , at room temperature , in two - shot measures in a tumbler and neat , of course .
After half a dozen of those my taste buds will fall asleep , so Grant 's will be fine .
Did n't know you had essays here ; I 'm off to check them out now .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
Oh , I achieved archdemoniac status sometime back ..... as evidenced by the comments by the Islamophiles on some of my own columns on HNN .
Welcome to the club !
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006 Goodness , no , Mr. Furnish , it would have never crossed my mind to confuse with such .
As things are , I suspect that you and I have become the arch - demons of this forum and that if continue carrying on like this , we 'll soon be assaulted with wet letuce leafs .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
I meant tanks , not heavy machine guns .
And I meant we should just throw in the towel on AZ , NM and SoCal ( but NOT TEXAS -- we stole that fair and square ! ) and shift our border north to include Alberta , Sasquatch ( or whatever you call that place ) , etc .
But not BC : the libs can have that .
That way , English stays the primary language AND global warming ha less of an impact on our new Americo - Canadian Imperium .
Plus , we all have lots of oil and UBL and his ilk are thus defanged .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
Well , they do n't speak for ME !!!!
( As you have no doubt by now ascertained . )
Nor , I would argue , do they speak for the other 59,999,999 folks who voted for Bush last time .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
What " old venerable strain of Islam " are you talking about ?
Muhammad's , with its military conquests ?
Ibn Taymiyah's , with its division of the world into Muslims and non-Muslims , the latter fit only for conquest ?
I do n't agree with this argument that militant , intolerant Islam is a modern , atypical mode of Islamic thought .
It 's a strain from the beginning .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006
Can we negotiate on your offer ?
M-60s are fine , but if Rambo can get them so can we .
Cobras are little out of date .
How about some Apaches instead ?
I thought of asking for a smallish carrier , but repainting the whole thing would total our annual military budget .
No deal on the union thing , though .
The Aztlan fans will get in their jalopies to sample our free medicare and generous welfare , and Arizona will suck our lakes dry for its golf courses .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006 Good Lord , Mr. Spence , I thought opinions such as yours were merely caricatures of conservative pundits .
So , you 'd rather wait until Iran strikes with one of its missiles first before responding ?
And then what would you have your government do , slap Ahmenedijan with a white glove and read the Queensberry rules to him ?
If you took the time in learning the difference between a tactical bunker - buster , even a nuclear one , and a strategic multi- warhead missile , you might find that the former is quite a bit more livable than the latter .
By far .
To put it in plain terms , battlefield nuclears against a military target will kill mostly involved personnel , whereas a loose nuclear exchange ( the US or Israel would retaliate massively , have no doubts ) will lead to the deaths of millions and unimaginary misery for hundreds of milliohns .
The consequences of such as a scenario are actually quite predictable .
Nevertheless , let 's hope that Iran understands the seriousness of its course and the determination of the US and Israel on this " no - nukes - for - you " issue , rather than banking on swooning Cassandras such as Mr. Polk .
There is still a little time left for the mullahs to step back from the precipice or for the Iranian people to shake their heads and swing those mullahs from Tehran 's lamp posts .
We can all hope , although hope 's cheap .
But even more so , let 's hope that attitudes and " philosophies " such as Mr. Polk 's and yours -- if you can call pre-emptive surrender a philosophy , rather than a fear - induced bowel movement -- are not representative of your nation and people .
Because a nation that worries more about the safety of a self - declared enemy than the survival of its own people deserves to be parcelled up into auction lots and sold off on e-Bay to the highest bidder .
James Spence - 5/31/2006
Never mind .
My main question was your stand on a nuclear attack and you answered it .
The other point .
I wanted to communicate a concept in good faith , not use it as a sword in a dispute .
Should have extended the analogy ?
if only because it implicitly challenges the notion that we are dealing with two radically different , mutually opposed civilizations with the same idiotic intolerance .
The Islamic fundamentalism and comparison I am talking about is not the old venerable essence of Islam but the new Deobandism strain that informed the Taliban .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006 Mr. Peterson ,
I do n't actually agree with your that Mr. Kovachev " personally attacked " Mr. Polk .
Perhaps we should Mr. Polk decide that .
I will agree that Mr. Kovachev was less stuffy than many of the posters on here , and buried within his irreverent comments are a number of salient policy criticims of Mr. Polk 's cliched essay .
Now , as to what seems to be the main substantive question you addressed to me : can democracy be imposed ?
Well , we certainly imposed it on Germany and Japan after WW II , did we not ?
The British , one could argue , imposed it on India .
The rub seems to be whether democracy can be imposed on a majority - MUSLIM country .
Well , again , Kemal Ataturk imposed it on the Turks after he chased out the Ottoman Sultan .
Granted , that was domestic imposition , not foreign , but it was still resisted ( although resistance proved futile ) .
I think the jury is still out , but what I find fascinating is that the great neo -con Bush is acting , in this regard , as a Wilsonian idealist and all his critics on the Left seem to have suddenly decided it 's not worth it to " bear any burden , pay any price " to help certain Muslims enjoy democracy .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
You know , actually , if our " friends " to the south , assisted by their useful idiots in the media and universities here , are truly hell - bent on reclaiming " Aztlan , " then perhaps we should strike a deal with you folks ( minus Quebec ) to join together ?
Hell , everyone 's calling us an " empire " anyway - - may as well act like one .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
Hey , I 'm all for loading Canada up on M - 60s and Cobras .... long as you promise not to use them against Montana .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006
Well , we were the Brits back then and in a sense we still are , as much as our Libs have tried to kill that thought .
The Queen is still the official head of our government and the Union Jack is still one of our official flags ( something that they do n't mention in our school ) .
Many of us still fly the Red Ensign instead of the maple leaf .
Well , I 'd prefer if we Canucks acted as globo - cops , of course ( beats watching maple syrup drip ) , but that might be a bit of a challenge with those 50,000 troops ( half as reservists ) , with the forest - green uniforms to add a splash of colour against the drab rocks of Kandahar and those Sea King copters of ours that need something like a week in service for every minute of very hairy flight .
Hey , why do n't you big shots give us some of your spare stuff ?
You give the Egyptians all those fancy goodies they can't even find the gas caps to without an advisor and what have they done for you lately anyway ?
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006 Mr. Spence ,
Oh please : I 'm getting tired of that ridiculous analogy between Protestant fundamentalists and Islamic ones .
Not to be a shameless self - promoter , but try reading my book on the topic .
There is no equivalent religio- political movement in Christianity to Mahdism in Islam ( which is not to say that intolerant Christian movements do n't sometime erupt into history ; of course they do , but their motivations are QUITE different from Mahdist ones in Islam ) .
For a Christian movement to be even rougly analogous , it would require a charismatic leader to declare himself the Second Coming of Christ -- and last time I checked , that has n't happened too often .
Holy men who think they 're the Mahdi , on the other hand , have been very prevalent in Islamic history .
And no , I do n't advocate nuking Iran .
But I do think it would be extremely dangerous for a Muslim leader like Ahmadinejad , who 's obviously expecting the imminent return of the Mahdi / Hidden Imam , to have a nuke at his disposal .
James Spence - 5/31/2006
In response to # 90291
Mr. Furnish ,
Since you agree with Kovachev I do n’t see how you can justify a nuclear attack upon a country that has n’t yet attacked us despite their wild rhetoric .
There are significant numbers in both parties of Congress who think the nuclear option against Iran would be absolutely nuts .
Concerning movements , the US may also be viewed from within and without as a country with it own brand of Christianity , with its own " rightly guided one " , just as powerful and potentially dangerous as Islam ’s Mahdi movement since America ’s fundamentalist movement appears as being manifesting itself through its politicians and military power combined with sometimes irrational foreign policy in defeating the " bad " or violent religion and securing the earth with its own God and idea of democracy .
As Kovachev states , to " … kill a few Iranians , irradiate a few tons of soil , anger the Russians and the Chinese and possibly precipitate an economic crisis , we should let Iran develop nukes and learn to live with the consequences " could bring up consequences we can’t even conceive of yet .
Besides nuclear fall - out on civilians and an global economic crisis as serious consequences , the success of a preemptive attack with bunker busters would be doubtful since these devices have never proven themselves in a real situation .
Second , it would n’t just a few Iranians killed .
And ultimately , it would probably encourage and strengthen the Mahdi movement .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006 Hmmm .... so you 're trying to take credit from the Brits for 1812 ?
I just recall an article - - I believe in " The Economist " -- some time back last year about the dismal state of Canada 's forces ( all , I believe , 50,000 of them - - in toto ) : outdated equipment , lack of training , etc .
I 'm glad the new folks in Ottawa are going to rectify that .
I must confess to a Niall Ferguson - esque belief that if the U.S. does n't act as globocop , no one will .
And better us than the Chinese or , God forbid , French .
Peter Kovachev - 5/31/2006
Now , now , let 's not be cheeky , lest I remind you why your White House had to be painted white .
Canada curently deploys an experitionary land force of about 2,500 in Kandahar province , and also deploys troops in Central Asia , the Balkans and other hotspots on NATO and UN missions .
With 1/10th of your population and after a succession of Liberal party governments which decimated our forces , it 's not such a dismal record .
The current government is determined to beef - up our forces and its equipment and to take on more NATO combat missions , rather than UN peace - keeping duties .
mark safranski - 5/31/2006 Dr. Polk did a good job of laying out what high level analysts would surmise but his offhand recommendation was weak .
If regional disarmament was that easy , it would have been done already and currently is about as likely as colonizing the moon .
http://zenpundit.blogspot.com/
Tim R. Furnish - 5/31/2006
Not to offend , but is n't " military presence " and " Canadian " a bit of incongruous juxtaposition ?
Peter Kovachev - 5/30/2006 Ha !
See where stereotypes get you ?
Actually , where the public is concerned , we 're not that much different from you , except that we 're monarchists and are big on universal healthcare .
Do n't forget that we just voted - in a Conservative government which is cranking up our military presence in Afghanistan .
As with you folks , our media and foreign affairs drones tend to be on the Left , hence the impression .
NPR , like our CBC is a dinosaur and needs to support itself .
To be honest , I first heard the Hidden Imam term from you .
I 'm familiar with Mahdi - messianism which has been popping up every once in a while .
Of course when the folks used to riot over this stuff with swords and sticks few noticed .
Bombs got more attention and now nukes have us riveted .
It 's good that you 're busy , it will keep you off the streets and provide Mr. Peterson with the brief respite he needs to calm his indignation .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/30/2006
Oh , and one more thing : you 're CANADIAN !?!?!??!!??!?!?!
Pardon me if I appear to be the stereotypical warmongering Yankee , but .... I thought all you guys were simply transplanted Swedes ?
Tim R. Furnish - 5/30/2006
Well , I would be nuts myself not to encourage you .... although I do want to respond to Mr. Peterson myself once I 'm slightly less busy than a one - armed suicide bomber .
Did you hear the NPR story this morning about the Hidden Imam ?
Ah , those cutting edge NPR reporters -- was n't this big news about 5 months ago ?
Peter Kovachev - 5/30/2006 Mr. Furnish ,
I 'm glad to amuse .
Your encouragement will , of course , prompt me to clown around even more , to the disapproval of the likes of Mr. Peterson .
As for Ahmenedijan and his ilk , I do get your point , but the term " nuts " is a very relative one .
Acting out one 's beliefs without taking reality or consequences into account is one way to define insanity .
Mind you , given the fact that so far the concerned parties have done little to respond to the Iranians ' performances , it may be that the " nuts " act is just an act , the " crazy like a fox " strategy designed to frighten the opponents .
In the case of the Europeans , who have been peeing in their trousers over this and have been offering a sweet inducement after another , I 'd say the act is paying off rather handsomely .
Peter Kovachev - 5/30/2006 Mr. Peterson ,
You are repeating yourself .
It was n't I who exploited your service record , as you oddly claim ; it is you who have been flogging it with every post to establish greater credibility in what is essentially a policy argument .
As for a service record providing imunity from softness on terrorism or other issues , just look at Peres and Sharon .
Still , you can see from Mr. Furnish that not all veterans see eye to eye on such issues .
With all your blustering about an intelligent debate , you have yet to present a position other than " I 'm right because I 'm a veteran " or " Mr. Polk is right because he has experience . "
Well , Mr. Furnish is also a veteran and he disagrees with you on your approach ( and finds my posts amusing , to boot ) , and as for experience , Josef Goebbels had that too , but I 'm not about to take advice from his thoughts on the world .
You say that my proposal is simplistic .
I would call it elegantly simple , as it presents a fairly simple argument : a nuclear Iran cannot be an option for our future and with time running out , immediate and costly measures are far preferable to inaction or procrastination .
As for Mr. Polk , I have already said why I think he 's wrong on this issue .
To sum -up and further clarify :
His proposed solution ( regional disarmament ) is not a solution but a face - saving strategy for abject capitulation .
That a military strike and / or decapitation of the regime may be our best option is supported by the following : 1 ) regional disarmament , even if all parties were to agree to it today , cannot happen within the narrow time frame we have , 2 ) countries such as China and Russia will not assist in applying any meaningfull non-military pressure on Iran , 3 ) the Europeans are unreliable , and 4 ) Iran cannot be trusted and has even bluntly refused to comply with any such demands .
As you appear to be easily bamboozled by " complexities , " let me condense what I think Mr. Polk is saying : Because we might kill a few Iranians , irradiate a few tons of soil , anger the Russians and the Chinese and possibly precipitate an economic crisis , we should let Iran develop nukes and learn to live with the consequences .
Well , we all know what the consequences can be , as Iran has stated them repeatedly and if you are ok with that , fine , say so and give us a good reason why you think it makes sense .
Darren Michael Peterson - 5/30/2006
Wonderful , a person with experience .
However , I do not know if your experience meets with the approval of Mr. Kovachev .
That might depend on the date of your service and the closeness of your beliefs to his .
So , if you do have time , can you answer this ?
It was presumed that the Iraqi people would greet us with open arms and welcome democracy .
Thus , it was assumed that they were rational people under the influence of a dictator ... that they valued what we valued and would ignore the methods to attain the means .
It is presumed that we cannot deal with these countries because they are all religious fanatics who want nothing more than to kill us .
I will agree that democracy is the best .
That each person should have the freedoms we enjoy .
Can it be imposed ?
Would we be willing to have forces enter our country to give us a better govenment ?
Especially if the invading forces did n't care anything about our history , culture or religions ?
Just that they had a better system and saw us as oppressed ?
I am not saying that they were n't oppressed .
Since you are experienced and knowledgable , which I will not denigrate .
I have no desire to personally attack people who offer an opinon of a person 's arguments .
I do however dislike personal attacks disguised as reasoned opinions .
So , time permitting , possibly you will be list the reasons why Mr. Polk was deserving of the personal attacks .
Thus , to remain focused on my contentions ... it would require not just specifics as to where Mr. Polk was wrong , but also why it is worthy of the attacks on him and not his positions .
Darren Michael Peterson - 5/30/2006 Mr. Ebbitt ,
I guess I should n't be surprised but I am .
I always believed that the more knowledgeable about history a person was , the more aware they would be that war is meant to achieve particular political ends .
By stretching things a bit , " defeating Iraq " is probably technically correct .
Defeating the enemy on the field of battle .
However , as anyone who studies war , occupations and especially insurgent wars knows , defeating the enemy on a field of battle does not a war win .
However , to borrow from another topic on this blog , I guess history , like the definition of winning can be seen through a particular perspective based on a political agenda .
Reality does n't matter .
Even the President is admitting that we have not won ... but when it comes time to winning points on a blog , truth rarely matters , what does matter is trying to quash the opinion of the other person based on a personal attack .
A discussion or a debate is no longer a matter of countering one person 's statements with counter - evidence and working together towards a truth .
It is personally attacking the other person in an attempt to " win " .
However , the need to split hairs on that point shows a shocking lack of understanding between the differences of strategic and tactical goals and the proper people to determine them and carry them out .
While negotiation is messy and takes time ... it should be designed to allow all participants to leave the table with at least a bit of self - respect .
To do otherwise would be a continuation of the grievances already smouldering in this area .
It would just rise up again and again .
Sine this is a site for history , should we ignore that fact ?
Is n't the recent history of the middle - east region a study of western societies shaping their course through the use of force ?
Where , in any area has this been successful ?
Are not those actions a significant cause for today 's problems ?
Some would rather believe , because it allows them a continued sense of justification for any actions , that is really is all about nutso religious fanatics rather than circumstances being a breeding ground for fanatics to recruit .
The contradiction of this view takes just a few seconds ... we believed that the Iraqi people would welcome us with open arms because all people would welcome the freedom of democracy ... yet we also believe that they are all religious fanatics who can not be reasoned with .
So , I guess who " they " are depends on the moment and which particular attack is needed against anyone wishing to discuss anything less than invasion or nuclear bombardment of underground facilities .
A simplistic demand based upon use of force , even if successful at the moment is but a finger in the dike .
Is it any wonder that this administration is always in " crisis " mode putting out one fire after another ?
Alternatives are neither solicited nor appreciated .
Sometimes it appears that people choose to attack the person personally in an attempt to minimize his point of view .
Name calling has replaced ideas .
Maybe , just maybe if more consideration of what the Iraqis were thinking was questioned we would n't be in this mess .
However , the consensus of the think tanks seemed to indicate that we would be welcomed with open arms , the oil we " liberated " for the Iraqi people would pay for the invasion and we would be out of there in about 6 months .
To blindly jump into a situation requiring the use of our military forces , to not try to understand everything that we can about the enemy is criminally negligent .
However , based on some of the responses here , all we need to do is redefine a few key definitions and keep repeating " we won . "
I was n't aware that this was a game .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/30/2006 Mr. Peterson ,
To answer some of your questions ( the ones I have time for right now ) : I am a proud veteran , a former member of the 101st Airborne Division ( and an Arabic interrogator ) .
I also wrote a book on the Mahdi : " Holiest Wars : Islamic Mahdis , their Jihads and Osama bin Laden . "
Darren Michael Peterson - 5/30/2006
Then by all means , let 's do the same thing with Iran that we did with Iraq .
I am sure that the results will be just as successful .
Let us ignore the fact that our military is stretched beyond what is considered most to be prudent .
Let 's just go and demand that Iran open their doors or else we will .
Granting that we will be able to do this ... actually somehow get within the facilities , are you prepared for the consequences ?
I have no qualms about fighting terrorism , and unlike those Monday morning warriors that rely on being scared to death by fear mongers , I opposed the invasion of Iraq but support staying until we fix what we broke .
Why ?
Because that is truly the moral thing to do .
Instead , what I am seeing are people who are waking up from their blood - lust with an emotional hangover and saying that we need to get out of Iraq .
Unlike the invasion , it is no longer fun and game , shock and awe .
It is real consequences of simplistic ideas .
I am glad that you share the opinion of Mr. Kovachev's .
Each is entitled to an opinion .
I presume that it also is supportive of his contempt for necessary casualties ?
Combatant and non-combatant .
Especially when he knows that the possibility of him being one is like the snowball in hell ?
Other life is cheap .
Personally , I do not care one way or another about what people may or may not think of my military experience because it was done for my sense of duty .
I just want to be very clear here though .
Because , the warriors of today are the veterans of tomorrow .
They serve with a sort of understanding that they are making sacrifices so others do n't with the hope that the people calling on them to risk their lives do n't use them unwisely .
Oh sure , they will do whatever is required , they always have , but they hope that it is towards a purpose .
Are they honored today and then cast out tomorrow if their opinions differs ?
Because , the way we treat veterans of all our previous wars is what we can expect future generations to do to these fine men and women .
May I presume that you are American ?
Did you enjoy the day off yesterday ?
Just another holiday .
Is n't it neat how sacrifices paid by men and women can be so easily dismissed and manipulated when it is to the advantage of a person that will denigrate their service in an attempt to win points on a blog ?
Now as too just waltzing in after a seven day notice .
Our military is spectacular ... the best ever .
But , unlike the movies and the microcosm of televised invasions , they are not supermen .
From your previous comments it seems as if you have an appreciation of some of the religious nuances playing out in the area .
As a visitor to a site dedicated to historical perspectives on today 's events I would be lead to believe that you also have an understanding of past and recent history of this area .
So , what , in particular is wrong with Mr. Polk 's posting ?
Or , is it just a fuzzy , does n't feel right with my sense of how this should be done ?
To Mr. Kovachev , I was wrong .
It appears that this is like a grade school playground where points are awarded .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/29/2006
I meant Mr. KOVACHEV 's comments are entertaining and illuminating ( see below ) .
I share his opinion of Mr. Polk 's and Mr. Peterson's .
Tim R. Furnish - 5/29/2006 Bravo !
Not only illuminating but entertaining !
I would beg to differ on one point , however : the folks like Ahmadinejad who fully expect the return of the Hidden Imam as the Mahdi are not " nuts , " but simply acting on a belief shared by all Shi`i Muslims ( and , if you take the Mahdi as unHidden , ALL Muslims , including Sunnis ) .
Darren Michael Peterson - 5/29/2006 Mr. Kovachev ,
I clearly gave my experience in an attempt to curtail the usual response that I am some soft on terrorism and willing to sacrifice America to the enemy .
That you would choose to mischaracterize it as an attempt to limit discussion is a cheap shot that should n't surprise me since it seems it is about " winning " instead of about solutions .
Was anyting in your first post a discussion or just a rant ?
This is not a grade school playground and points are not awarded by using cheap shots that are uncalled for .
There are no groups of hangers on for you to impress .
Besides , I served out of my sense of duty ... not whether or not it was appreciated by the public .
Which is a good thing .
That is why I have always despised anyone that tries to present their political party as being the only one that truly represents or cares about the people in uniform .
They both use the military to their advantage and those young men and women serve because it means something to them .
The way that you exploited my service is just typical of what I expect and I am rarely ever disappointed .
Use 'em when you need 'em and dump on them when you do n't .
So , you could not attack the logic of my posting ... you chose to attack me .
That is exactly the attitude that you showed towards Mr. Polk and motivated me to respond .
I do not know Mr. Polk , but let us take a look at the facts as you lay them out .
Yes , I liked what Mr. Polk had to say because he was attempting to use intelligence in a complex debate .
I like to read opinions based upon intelligence , not emotion .
He was using his experience which has absolutely no value to you .
You belittled his experience and then mine .
It is obvious that the only valid opinion is yours .
From your first post it was simply an emotional reaction to what was written .
When asked for something besides a rant you give a simplistic scenario and ta-da !
Done .
That simplicity is the same as " They will welcome us with open arms ! "
Look to the Iraq - Iran war and see if you think they will just sit idly by while we go in and dismantle their faciliies .
Of course you are free to characterize the war in Iraq any way you choose .
Even though the reasons why we went to war turned out to be wrong ... well , it was still the right thing to do .
We freed the people ... though , do n't you think that those non-combatants should have had some say as to whether they thought the price was worth paying ?
No , because only your opinion matters and they are just trying to manipulate and stifle debate ( which yours was not a debate but a tirade ) with their whining little miseries .
Combatant casualties ?
You have already shown that you could n't care less .
You use cheap shots to disrespect the people who do have the guts to stand up and talk about casualties so blightly because you know for a fact that you wo n't be one of them .
What honor is that ?
Your half measured attempts at humour are a poor excuse for intelligent discussion and debate .
Again , if this were a playground I am sure all the little children would be smirking and chuckling behind you as you bullyed your way through an argument .
A louder voice and moving within their " personal space " is also a good tactic to intimidate .
Who do you think will be responsible for actions after the Iranians refused to open up their facilities in your scenario ?
You ?
I really do n't think so .
Some are better at leading the cheers from the side line and telling those doing the work how they should feel , how proud they should be .
Do n't worry about sending your thoughts and comments to President Bush .
We have a whole group of similar thinking cowboys here .
AEI and PNAC are two of them .
Again , they , like you are excellent at articulating the fear but are completely clueless when it comes to solutions .
You have identified Mr. Polks talents , sir , what are yours ?
Peter Kovachev - 5/29/2006 Mr. Peterson , as fascinating as your military record may be ... whether a romantic one as a fighter jokey or a more mundane one as a clerk in the PX ... it 's neither relevant , nor is it the only one on the block .
In short , the soldier - peacemaker shtick which is supposed to cause everyone to humbly shut - up is so old , you can put it up for auction at Sothesby 's .
So much for your argument from authority .
Likewise , whether Iraq was a mistake or not is neither here nor there .
Iraq and Iran pose different challenges .
I happen to think that defeated Iraq was not a mistake , although I would have done a few things differently .
But my opinion on that too is not important here .
So much for your strawman bedecked with red herrings .
What you are essentially saying is that because you like Mr. Polk 's thinking , because you are a veteran and because there are people wiser and more accomplished than I , I cannot express a critical opinion unless I do so in the most abject manner possible and humbly provide a detailed contingency plan .
Bollocks .
There plenty of folks smarter than you and I put together who have said worse stuff about Mr. Polk .
Knowing of his contributions on UNRWA and the EU , having read his elitist gobledey - gook and having laughed at his " assessment " of the Arab - Jewish conflict , which I think is full of errors , propaganda and outright lies I have , admittedly , very little respect for him or your State Department carreerists for that matter .
But that too does n't matter in the end .
What matters is what I addressed from the start and throughout my post , namely that Mr. Polk 's advice is utterly useless , if not outright suicidal .
In case you missed it , my position was that his regional disarmament proposal is , as should be clear to anyone with a television set , unlikely to happen in the long term and impossible in the short term ... the short term being before Iran manages to join the " nuclear club . "
The other point that you may have missed is that the West , especially Israel , the US and Europe simply cannot allow Iran to become nuclear .
In spite of whatever high - faluting abstract principles and pretty well at whatever cost .
That I think that anyone who entertains notions that we can live with a nuclear Iran is either an idiot , a Fifth Columnist or a coward happens to be my personal and unvarnished opinion .
No , not much wiggle room there .
Neither Mr. Polk 's waffling , nor your warrior - scholar posture address the key issue : Iran is governed by lunatics who are about to have The Bomb , the Big One , that is , and who have openly declared their intentions to destroy one state and its people ( Israel ) and to attack two others ( Europe and the US ) unless they do this or that .
I would think that anyone with half a brain would worry at least a little and come up with better solutions than endless diplo - babble and recycled musings about global or regional disarmament .
Which takes us to your other grand challenge , namely that I do n't offer solutions .
Do n't worry , I 'm working hard on polishing them up before your president calls me this evening for my advice .
In the meantime , my humble suggestion is this : Give Iran 7 days to evacuate their facilities and open them up for dismantling by UN types or Care Bears , for that matter .
If it does n't comply or if it drags its feet , then those who are directly threatened ...
Israel , the US and the EU need to go in as a coalition and convert Iran 's nuclear project to free - floating atomic particles .
If there is any flight time left over , perhaps they can get a few mullahs in the government as well , but that 's only for extra points .
The principle behind my obviously undiplomatic approach is fairly simple and eminently moral : Governments ' primary responsibilities are to the safety and well - being of its own people .
Any entity which threatens mass destruction must be disabled ASAP .
Hopefully that can be done by limiting non-combatant casualties , but this should never be a priority consideration .
Sounds a bit harsh now , but in the advisory paper I 'll be writing for Messrs Olmert and Bush ( the Europeans are hiding somewhere under the bed ) , my ideas will come off a little more polished .
Maybe I 'll hire Mr. Polk to tart - up my proposal a bit , as this is where his main talents appear to lie .
Darren Michael Peterson - 5/29/2006 Mr. Kovachev ,
While your essay was complete and replete with criticism of Mr. Polk ...
I have to say , any positive , substantial suggestions on your part seem to be lacking .
In truth , besides your obvious contempt for anyone and everyone that disagrees with you ... I found it to be ... well ... pointless .
As with the AEI and PCAN , you can easily list the reasons as to why Iran is a threat .
I would assume no less from a 6th grade social science class .
It is easy to list off their intents ... what takes a bit of reason , a bit of extrapolation and thought is a solution .
That is where the supposedly " intelligent " people from these think tanks and those who attack a discussion of alternatives .
They can list , chronologically , alphabetically or in order of importance well known and understood threats posed .
Yeppers .
Got it .
We know .
Solutions ?
None . Nada .
Clueless .
But , they can sure pour on the vile rhetorical attack to try to minimize and denigrate anyone that does not march step with them .
I have a suggestion ... if EVERYTHING they said about what would happen in Iraq was WRONG ... why in God 's name would anyone continue to give them and their followers any creedence .
Before I am attacked as a " know nothing " liberal , let me say that I am in my mid-40's , served in the USAF for 10 years .
Served overseas in Greece and in Turkey ( thus my interest in the West 's arrogance in ignoring a Muslim democracy that has been a partner in NATO for about 50 years and has been trying again and again to be seen as " fit " to be a member of the EU .
I am a fortunate survivor of a terrorists attempt to blow up my car in Greece .
I am 40 % disabled and have made the study of history my hobby and passion .
I am a firm believer in protecting America from danger .
However , I do not , nor will I ever cower in fear .
I will not change my beliefs based upon attempted intimidation by anyone .
Terrorist or right - wing whacko who screeches about the sky falling .
I believe in appropriate , mature responses to threats ... not using fear as a justification to go out running around the world and " pre-emptively " attacking anyone that I fear .
That is a coward and there is really no other way to define it .
Your personal attack against a man expressing the benefits of his experience and the way to personally attempt to denigrate his experience , knowledge and service reminds me of the attitude most people who serve this country can expect once they are done sacrificing for the Monday morning patriots .
( See the increasing discussion of the fear of the costs of supporting the vets !
Oh my God .
It might cost almost as much as a B2 bomber ! )
I cannot say about the " Great White North or old wind - bags .
However , I can see from your arrogance that anyone else with a contribution should politely be ignored seems to me that you have done well with importing the hubris and arrogance of this administration and their group think .
Funny , I always had assumed that our neighbors to our north were more reasoned than that .
Guess I was wrong .
Thank you though for your well reasoned , clearly laid out expression of exactly where Mr. Polk is wrong and why .
I fell much better now having a " fair and balanced " view from the other side .
Peter Kovachev - 5/29/2006
This has to be just about the silliest essay I 've read on this site .
Mind you given Mr. Polk 's biography , which could have gone under the title of one of Maxim Gorky 's books ( hint : " Life of a Useless Man " ) , I should n't pretend to be surprised .
To recap on reality as we know it : Iran is not your usual country , not even one resembling the old USSR with whom Mr. Polk may be confusing himself in his autumn years .
As of this morning Iran is still an autocratic tyranny governed by a collection of violent , hate - filled and fascistic fanatics with a psychiatrically certifiable lunatic in the wheel house .
As things stand in the real world today , Israel has all but been guaranteed destruction ( a notion with which State Department careerists have been able to cope with quite well ) and Europe is being openly threatened ( it 's ok , they 'll quickly comply ) .
Then there is the Great Satan , of course ... i.e. , all you folks living to the South of me .
Neither the big ocean between the next Sons of the Caliphate and yourselves , nor the calming assurances from the your Fifth Column can hide what any cafeteria cook in Bushehr would be able to tell you :
An Iranian nuclear device need not be delivered by a long - range missile .
It could just as conveniently make its leisurly way to New York harbour in a rusty , Nigerian - registry freighter manned by eager " martyrs . "
So , let 's see ; Iran has the virgin - chasers in the thousands and rusty freighters are dime a dozen ... all that those bearded darlings in Teheran and Isfahan really need is a few plain old nukes .
Hardly rocket science , pardon the pun .
As a " remedy " to this arguably alrming crisis we now have Mr. Polk , a policy dinosaur of the State Department diplo- cracy , suggesting essentially that the US and the free world should roll over with its belly to the skies and beg for the impossible , namely a regional nuclear disarmament .
Brilliant .
Perhaps Mr. Polk is too busy writing and lecturing , so let 's have Mr. Darren Peterson here as the rep for the free world .
He appears quite able and willing to assume the proper position and to make the sweet sounds .
Meanwhile , while the brave and caring diplomats and their spiritual deity , the UN , discuss the meal plans and haggle over the number of limos for their disarmament summit , Iran can have its chance to churn out nukes in all colours like a Ford factory in heat .
But then , that 's been the plan all along , I suppose .
To get us to accept his " only sensible way out of the dilemma we face , " from hereon known as the Polk Rollover - and - Beg Act , we are only required to accept a few little assumptions as facts , assumptions which somehow did n't merit more than a passing thought in Mr. Polk 's wonderfully articulate blueprint for unconditional surrender .
The first is that Israel , Pakistan and India have been chafing at the bit to get rid of their nuclear arsenals by Thursday at the latest , and to declare the ME a nuclear - free zone whilst holding hands , swaying and singing " Give Peace a Chance " on the floor of the General Assembly .
The second is that Iran 's government is rational and shares the same values as Mr. Polk .
The third is that Iran may already have bought a nuke or two , which supposedly makes any impolite requests on the part of the free world very dangerous .
The fourth is that the Iranians have managed to secure their production plants so well that nothing short of a bunker - busting battle - field nukes could slow them down .
And the fifth , which hinges on the fourth , is that destroying Iran 's nuclear capacity may , horror of horrors , result in thousands or " score of thousands " of enemy deaths , not to mention tons of environmentally unfriendly soil , is something we must accept as " utterly unacceptable .
We are given no hints as to what military measures Mr. Polk finds " acceptable . "
Maybe he has moved onto a higher plane of universal consciousness than the rest of us , and would find even the destruction of a few ant colonies unacceptable .
We do n't know , but we do know what sacrifices on behalf of us simple and war - mongering peons he does find acceptable :
The fairly good possibility of another genocide of Jews to cure the world of Dastardky Zionism , a few nukes in Southern Europe as a lesson in proper international conduct , and if the US happens to balk about any of this , a mushroom cloud over New York or New Orleans .
Gee wiz , guys , up here in the Great White North we have quite a few expired old wind - bags supplying the editorial desks with doodle - paper as well , but at least we have a tradition of politely ignoring their neuron storms until well after the bugles and the gun salutes .
Darren Michael Peterson - 5/29/2006
Lying to negotiators ?
Who would have thought ...
I presume that this is considered SOP for negotiations ... is n't that what Reagan meant by , " Trust but verify ? "
In other words , each country will do its best to defend itself .
Were the negotiations simply American threats disguised through the use of European mouthpieces ?
What makes Europeans the best to negotiate with middle - eastern countries ?
What I always find surprising is we have had a relationship with a predominantly Muslim country for over 50 years yet we never seem to utilize them .
They have been trusty members of NATO , trying to join the EU ( but somehow never meeting the " expectations " of Europe ) .
It has a history of secular government .
I am , of course , talking about Turkey .
Negotiation should be incremental with a specific goal and a flexible means of getting there .
Failure of the European negotiators does not necessarily mean that it should now be considered , " Well gave it a try , let 's now attack . "
Sometimes unacceptable conditions are presented with the goal of forcing the other side to become intransigent .
Now , some might be willing to write me off as an appeaser .
That is fine .
The level of negotiation is negotiable .
When the alternatives are less then , well , let 's say pleasant it should necessitate the greatest effort .
I would never suggest not planning action , nor would I hesitate to use force based upon a " real and present " danger to America .
As I mentioned , this President 's ability to unify this country and the international community is compromised .
His credibility is shot and there has been a pattern of using fear to justify questionable actions .
Trust is gone that the American people are being given objective information .
This is a terrible predicament for the American people to be in , but who 's fault is that ?
We have not been given the opportunity to build trust because everything has been " secret " since day one of this administration .
If the government cannot trust us with the formation of our national energy policy , how can we believe they trust us with the truth about Iraq ( which was shown to be incredibly inept ) and Iran ?
Yes , Iran is learning that no WMD meant destruction for Iraq and for N. Korea having them means safety .
Imagine for yourself any , I mean any reason where our country would allow itself respond to strong - armed tactics .
Personally , I can't .
We can delve into philosophical beliefs whether or not it is " moral " to lie when faced with certain alternatives .
True negotiations need to be pursued without regard to the " think tank " macho garbage which is passed off as intelligent reasoning .
Ricardo Luis Rodriguez - 5/29/2006
Precisely because of those considerations was why the US let the Europeans take the lead in negotiations 3 years ago .
The approach you suggest is the one that was tried , US rhetoric heated up as it became clear that the Iranians were lying to European negotiators .
Posted by tadelste on Feb 1 , 2006 5:15 AM EDT
LXer.com ; By Tom Adelstein , Editor - in - Chief Mail this story
Print this story
If you have any doubts about the source of innovation in information technology , you should look at the Mozilla web site .
I just counted 1,028 extensions contributed by the community .
Then take a look at the themes section .
Even the colossus of Redmond with its billions of dollars has n't mustered that kind of development effort for IE from its community over the years .
Now , let 's get familiar with underlying reasons .
Anyone who could rent every room and every helicopter in Hawaii for his wedding , could award a development community for their efforts .
But money is just a symbol when you take its meaning from apex to apices .
Money is either paper , the inherent value of which is you can print on it .
Or , money is an entry in a ledger .
Ultimately , money is about agreement :
The agreement that something has value .
To have value it must be useful and to be useful it must serve the purpose of another .
So , open source Mozilla Firefox is rich .
Richer than Bill Gates ?
Maybe so .
Here 's the rub :
People from all over the planet have contributed to extending the FireFox browser to help people in their communities achieve a better user experience and become more productive .
The list shows not only extensions you can add with a click of the mouse , but extensibility .
The platform allows it .
Let 's not use the trite credit card phrase about priceless .
Whenever someone takes a raw material and adds value to it , it increases its value .
The farmer who could get his grain ground in ancient times had a more valuable commodity than the one would did n't have his grain ground .
The fellow who arranged a series of trades so that the miner could get nails and wood delivered to his dig , that fellow became an intermediary .
The corn farmer who had a bad season and set up booths and created a fair , the place where everyone could met and exchange goods - he was a market maker .
People add value and that creates agreement and then you need a medium of exchange .
That medium of exchange , call it money , represents how one serves the purpose of another .
The authors of the Firefox extensions , like other open source developers create value and in turn have a plethora of free software from which to choose .
You say they can't collect money , the commodity , because no medium of exchange exists .
I say you miss the big picture .
People can have money and all the symbols of money but that does n't make them rich .
If having money made you rich then having eggs should make you a chicken .
No , people are rich , do the things rich people do and then have the symbols of wealth .
The symbols can disappear in a New York minute and have for many of us .
But , you can't take away our experience and our knowledge , motivation and drive .
We have a bank .
One of the big banks is sourceforge .
But sourceforge is just a branch bank .
The Free Software on the Internet is the real bank .
I can be down and out , but if I want to get back on my feet , I can go to the free software bank and put together a product that people will pay me to provide for them .
Many start ups have capitalized their business by using free compilers , operating systems , toolkits , etc .
Free software gave them the ability to get started when they could not have under a proprietary model .
Listen , many billionaires got their money because they had a way to get started with no capital .
Mark Cuban provides an excellent example of that .
Only a short time after he setup a web site so he could listen to Indiana basketball games over the Internet , he has a motion picture with academy award nominations .
As I write this editorial , I 'm using a web form on the LXer site and I 'm spell checking it as I go with an extension provided by the Google tool bar - for free .
These days , I almost never leave my browser except to do admin work on a remote web server through my gnome terminal .
And my servers , they cost me little and they run free software .
If I wanted I could host other people 's web sites on them because of a free software product from the bank called ISPConfig .
To sum it up , Firefox 's bank of extensions should clue folks in to the value of free and open source software .
It allows us to create a rich environment .
We 're free to do that because we do n't have any petty co-workers or bosses saying we " ca n't do that " .
The success of Firefox presents a fundamental example of the wealth contained in the free and open source software community .
We ask little in return except that you publish your changes and contribute them back to the author .
At least , that 's the way we 'd like it to work .
There are various schemes of Code Ownership that I 've come across .
I put them into three broad categories :
Strong code ownership breaks a code base up into modules ( classes , functions , files ) and assigns each module to one developer .
Developers are only allowed to make changes to modules they own .
If they need a change made to someone else 's module they need to talk to the module owner and get them to make the change .
You can accelerate this process by writing a patch for the other module and sending that to the module owner .
breaks a code base up into modules ( classes , functions , files ) and assigns each module to one developer .
Developers are only allowed to make changes to modules they own .
If they need a change made to someone else 's module they need to talk to the module owner and get them to make the change .
You can accelerate this process by writing a patch for the other module and sending that to the module owner .
Weak code ownership is similar in that modules are assigned to owners , but different in that developers are allowed to change modules owned by other people .
Module owners are expected to take responsibility for the modules they own and keep an eye on changes made by other people .
If you want to make a substantial change to someone else 's module it 's polite to talk it over with the module owner first .
is similar in that modules are assigned to owners , but different in that developers are allowed to change modules owned by other people .
Module owners are expected to take responsibility for the modules they own and keep an eye on changes made by other people .
If you want to make a substantial change to someone else 's module it 's polite to talk it over with the module owner first .
Collective code ownership abandons any notion of individual ownership of modules .
The code base is owned by the entire team and anyone may make changes anywhere .
You can consider this as no code ownership , but it 's advocate prefer the emphasis on the notion of ownership by a team as opposed to an individual .
( The term collective code ownership comes from Extreme Programming , although in the second edition the practice is called Shared Code . )
Of the three the one I really do n't like is strong code ownership .
There are just too many situations where something you need to do needs changes to other people 's code .
Persuading them to make the change and waiting for the change often takes so long that it leads to delays and deeper problems , this is particularly galling when the change is a simple one .
A good example of a simple change that causes trouble is renaming a public method .
Modern refactoring tools can do this safely with extensively used public methods .
But this violates code ownership if you cross a module boundary .
Essentially you 've turned all interfaces between developers into Published Interfaces , with all the attendant overheads to change .
Even worse is when you want an implementation change , but because you can't get it quickly enough you make a copy of the foreign code into your module , call your copy of the code and make the change .
Of course you intend to sort out the mess later .
Weak code ownership is a good way to mitigate these kinds of problems .
People can make changes freely , the code owner just has to keep an eye on things .
The choice between weak and collective ownership has more to do with the social dynamics of the team .
Both seem to work , and fail , equally well .
Personally I prefer the dynamics of a collective code ownership team - particularly in the context of Extreme Programming .
“ Some people have discovered virtues in me that they had previously overlooked , ” Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , who stands to become chairman of the Financial Services Committee if Democrats control the House , mused recently .
“ The prospect of the chairmanship seems to have been a very good introduction . ”
Frank was referring to a surge in campaign contributions from pro-business groups -- groups whose members would have to deal with the liberal Democrat instead of a probably - more - congenial Republican .
( Rep. Michael G. Oxley , the Ohio Republican who now heads the committee , is retiring after this term . )
Issues involving the financial services industry fall under the committee ’s jurisdiction .
And the New York Life Insurance Co.'s political action committee has contributed $ 10,000 to Frank this election season , up from $ 1,000 in the 2003 - '04 cycle , according to PoliticalMoneyLine , which tracks political donations .
The National Assn. of Insurance and Financial Advisors PAC contributed $ 10,000 to Frank this election season , up from $ 3,000 in the last cycle .
Frank is not alone .
As prospects appear to grow that Republicans will lose control of the House and perhaps even the Senate , business groups , trade associations , and their lobbyists and political advisors have developed a sudden enthusiasm for contributing to Democrats -- especially to those likely to be in the House leadership or to head important committees if Republicans lose their majorities .
Advertisement
Rep. Charles B. Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) , for example , would chair the tax - writing Ways and Means Committee in a Democratic - run House , and he has begun hearing from groups he says had not called since the Republicans won control of the House in 1994 .
“ I do n’t think meeting with the chairman of General Electric has anything to do with my taking over Ways and Means ; I just never realized how much they loved me , ” Rangel joked .
In this election cycle , the congressman has raised $ 17,000 from General Electric ’s political action committee for his campaign and his leadership PAC , which provides campaign funds for other Democrats .
That ’s more than twice what he collected the previous cycle , according to PoliticalMoneyLine .
None of this is to say business has changed sides .
It continues to give far more to Republicans than to Democrats .
And the major groups representing the business community , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , are working hard to protect the GOP majorities in Congress .
Advertisement
Moreover , many business groups seek to play down their campaign contributions to the other side .
New York Life spokesman William Werfel said that his company ’s PAC was giving more in general this cycle and that the GOP still got the most .
But as storm clouds gathered over the GOP this election season , business leaders , lobbyists and PACs quietly began to take out a form of political insurance -- contributing more to Democrats who , if they become the majority party , will wield power over issues affecting business ’ bottom line .
“ All of the Democratic ranking members have seen an increase in attentiveness to their fundraising ....
There has definitely been an increase in people paying attention to the ranking members in particular , ” a House Democratic aide said , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak for members .
Frank , for one , sent out a solicitation asking contributors to “ help me raise campaign funds which , as you know , I am using in substantial part to make sure that the next time we talk after that , I will be the Chairman in Waiting of the House Financial Services Committee . ”
Advertisement
As Democrats try to encourage the shift in campaign contributions and Republicans try to counter it , the result can be a behind - the - scenes tug of war .
“ The Democrats are telling business lobbyists : ‘ Hedge your bets , we probably are going to be in control , ’ ” said James Benton of the campaign watchdog group Common Cause .
“ The Republicans , on the other hand , are saying : ‘ We ’re watching .
Do n’t give your money to Democrats .
We ’re the people you can trust . ’ ”
One lobbyist , who spoke on condition that he not be named because of the sensitivity of his relationship with the business groups he represented , acknowledged that business groups were ramping up their political donations to Democrats .
“ It ’s typical of the business community , ” he said .
“ They panic . ”
Political spending is projected to reach $ 2.6 billion in 2005 - '06 , making this the most expensive congressional campaign in history , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
PAC spending is expected to exceed $ 1 billion for the first time , “ reflecting the ever - growing influence of business , labor and ideological interests , ” the center ’s acting director , Sheila Krumholz , said .
Advertisement
Washington lobbyist Aaron Houston said he had seen business ’ new interest in Democrats at a number of recent fundraisers .
“ There are a whole lot of $ 3,000 suits showing up , ” he said .
Republicans say they ’re not surprised .
“ Business PACs go with wherever they see the wind blowing , ” said Rep. Jack Kingston ( R - Ga. ) , vice chairman of the House Republican Conference .
Typical of the emerging pattern is the National Beer Wholesalers Assn. PAC .
Although Republicans still receive a larger share of its donations , the wholesalers have made $ 10,000 contributions to more than twice as many House Democrats as they did in the last election .
Advertisement
Craig Purser , president of the beer wholesalers , said in a written statement : “ It looks like there are going to be more close races this year than in recent memory , so we are getting more requests from everyone .
However , our strategy remains what it has always been .
The NBWA - PAC simply continues to support those who stand with beer distributors on the issues that matter the most . ”
House Minority Whip Steny H. Hoyer ( D - Md. ) had received no support from the beer wholesalers for at least a decade , but the trade group contributed $ 15,000 to the would - be majority leader ’s campaign committee and his leadership PAC in this election cycle .
Thanks in part to larger contributions from some kinds of businesses -- including banking and insurance interests and defense and technology companies --
Hoyer has raised nearly $ 4 million through his campaign committee and leadership PAC , more than in any election cycle during his 24 - year congressional career .
Rep. John P. Murtha ( D - Pa. ) , who stands to chair the defense appropriations subcommittee in a Democratic - controlled House , has raised more than $ 2.5 million this year , including $ 179,400 from the defense industry -- more than in previous election cycles .
Advertisement
And Rangel is poised to surpass the $ 879,554 he raised from PACs for the last election cycle .
If Democrats should take over one or both chambers of Congress , Krumholz and other experts said , business contributions are likely to increase even more .
richard.simon@latimes.com
Whenever we think of Spring Break , Real TV or Girls Gone Wild , there is only one name that comes to mind , Joe Francis .
Joe Francis has made his mark in the world as having started and developed the Girls Gone Wild entertainment brand .
Unfortunately , over the years , Joe has lost his moral compass and been trying to keep his head held from all the alleged instances that have occurred .
Nevertheless , Joe Francis made his name known throughout the world and his net worth can confirm this .
Joe Francis is best known for started the Girls Gone Wild franchise but he initially began working as a production assistant with Real TV .
The live and raw material that Joe was experiencing as a production assistant led him to develop the idea for Girls Gone Wild .
Getting crazy and wild during spring break was every college kid ’s dream and during the late 90’s , business was booming .
Joe was in his glory during the peak of his business venture .
In 2013 , Francis ’ business Girls Gone Wild brand and parent company officially filed for bankruptcy .
During the first few years of his business , an estimate of $ 20 million worth of DVD ’s were sold by the GGW brand .
Unfortunately , Francis claimed that he only had a net worth of $ 14 million .
During the height of Joe ’s glory days as head and owner of GGW , he was estimated to have a net worth of at least $ 150 million .
However , not all business ventures are kept professional or are without their own drama .
Joe has been sued more than three times during his professional career and the highest payout was in 2012 to Steve Wynn for $ 20 million .
Due to this large sum that was awarded against Francis , Joe ’s net worth saw a huge decrease .
As if being sued were not bad enough , Joe Francis has been faced with criminal acts from both the state and federal government .
One of Francis ’ biggest downfalls were his tax evasion incidents in which he was indicted .
During the tax years 2002 and 2003 , Francis claimed over $ 20 million less than what was true .
This unfortunate lack of common sense cost Joe Francis a huge chunk of change , a decrease in his personal lifestyle and a decrease in his net worth .
As a result of Joe ’s actions , he is only estimated to be worth less than $ 20 million as of 2017 .
In a series of three articles last year , John Siracusa at arstechnica argued that Apple has an impending crisis on its hands because it does n't have " A memory - managed language and API " like Java or Microsoft 's CLR .
My question is less about whether this is true , and more about what it means to be " managed " .
Specifically , there seems an implicit assumption that Java or .NET type architectures represent what " safe " , garbaged - collected systems should look like .
In the case of Apple , could n't some new , hypothetical system language (s ) be based on the existing Objective C runtime ?
Or more generally , do the runtimes for systems written in lower - level languages like GObject / GTK or Objective C ( if garbage collected ) provide enough services and metadata to build more dynamic languages on top of them , and still provide object compatibility -- to not require an FFI to communicate with the older existing framework ?
If that were in fact the case , would n't it be possible to gradually turn systems like Objective - C/ Cocoa or C / GTK into something closer to Smalltalk or ( god forbid ) Java ?
Update : I ’ve made a new video of better quality images from 2008 :
One year worth of images give some amazing videos
Update :
I have now uploaded a high resolution version of the index print as well : High resolution index print of 2005
Update2 :
The high definition version is now available here .
44 pictures taken out of our window at random times of the day and at random intervals through the year .
When taking the pictures I have placed the camera up in the corner of our living room window at a place where it gets nearly the same framing for each picture .
Because it ’s only nearly I aligned all of them in Photoshop .
Then I put them on the timeline in Sony Vegas Video .
I strethced them to 5 seconds each and added a simple dissolve between all the pictures .
To align them in Photoshop you start with picture number one , put the next one on a layer above and makes it 50 % transparent .
Then you find a place in the picture that is as solid as possible and align the two pictures until you do n’t have any “ ghost image ” around the solid parts .
Click the pictures to see the original screenshot from Photoshop .
The first one ( to the left ) is not aligned .
The last one ( right ) is aligned .
I have added the video to YouTube
Anyway , you can also download the video here :
Windows Media Video 9
Quicktime H.264
I have also made a 720 p HD version of this video .
It is actually quite nice to see it on my 37 inch LCD .
The HD version is somethning that I could post on BitTorrent .
Please comment if that is interesting .
Edit :
If you like this story you can vote for it on digg.com here . 🙂
Edit2
Been there , bought the T - shirt .
Eirikso T- Shirts
Choose Your Competition
The bubble is gone and sanity reigns , but entrepreneurship continues to attract .
People love to come up with new business ideas .
I often hear from someone who wants my opinion on their business plan .
I enjoy brainstorming new ideas and evaluating their potential .
Scout Work
One of the first steps in evaluating a new business idea is to find out who else is already doing it .
Do some Google searches .
Find out who your competition will be .
Find people who are doing something similar or related .
The next step is where a lot of would - be entrepreneurs make a wrong turn :
The strong tendency is to drop an idea as soon as we find somebody else is already doing it .
We somehow convince ourselves that we have to keep searching for ideas until we find something completely new .
Innovation is glamorous .
We love to hear stories about the guy who makes a fortune by inventing something completely new .
And besides , there 's no sense starting with established competition from day one , right ?
To be fair , I 'll concede that competition should not be taken lightly .
Entrenched competition can be tough to beat .
Picking the wrong competitor as your goliath can be suicide .
However , avoiding competition altogether is usually not a good strategy for getting a business going .
You Need Competitors
The big problem with avoiding competition is that you are also avoiding customers .
The existence of a competitor indicates the existence of paying customers .
If you can't find anyone who is making money with your idea , you really need to wonder if there is any money to be made there at all .
As an example , suppose you have a cool new business idea .
You want to revolutionize parking and car rentals at airports .
The idea is simple : Airports are visited by two kinds of people :
Some people bring their car and leave by plane , so they pay to leave their car in a parking lot .
Other people arrive by plane and need a car , so they pay to rent one from a car rental agency .
Why not match these people up ?
Instead of paying to park their car , travelers can actually make money by allowing it be rented while they 're gone on their trip .
From the perspective of the renter , everything is the same as it is for existing car rental agencies , except that we can charge really low rates since we do n't have to carry the capital costs of owning a fleet of vehicles .
As far as I can tell , nobody is doing this business model right now .
If you want to get into a new market which is wide open and free of competition , jump on this exciting opportunity today .
You do n't even have to give me a piece of the profits for contributing the idea .
More specifically , I have no interest in sharing a piece of the losses . :-)
There 's a very good reason nobody is running this kind of business :
Most people do not want a stranger driving their car .
Many people just do n't treat rental cars very nicely .
The owner of the car is not likely to think the risk and aggravation are worth the trouble for the money they 'll get .
If we were still in the bubble , you could spray a coat of Internet on this idea and find a VC clueless enough to fund it .
But good investors and good press are just not going to be enough to make this idea work .
The lesson here is that " new " ideas are n't as valuable as people think .
Most of the time , when you find a market with no players , it 's not really a market .
Money is made by beating competition , not by avoiding it .
If you want to start a new business , do n't look for an idea which has never been tried .
Instead look for someone who is serving real customers but not doing it very well .
Find a way to do it better .
This approach seems scary , but that 's merely because the risks of facing a competitor are easier to see .
If you 're going to fail competing in an existing market , you probably know how that failure is going to happen .
In contrast , the risks of creating a new market from scratch are far less obvious and visible .
But even though those risks are harder to see , they 're actually huge .
An optimistic person can too easily convince himself that those risks are n't really there .
Believe me , creating a new market segment is much harder than it looks .
Ask the folks at Segway .
There is no question that they have a completely new idea .
Their product is without competition .
It 's incredibly innovative .
The press loves it .
Their VC investors love it .
But reality has set in , and people are now discovering that we spoiled Americans are not eager to give up our cars .
It 's important to clarify that we 're talking about probabilities , not guarantees .
Business is hard , and opportunities for failure are easy to find .
Some people actually do succeed in creating a new market from scratch .
Lots of people do fail by confronting an established player .
I still think the odds of success are better when you 're building something that clearly has a market .
Your odds can be improved even more if you choose your competitor wisely .
How to Choose the Right Competitors
I 'm a big fan of Jim Barksdale 's philosophy for choosing competition .
Barksdale was the CEO of Netscape .
He used to say that the best approach is to find a competitor who is " big and dumb " .
Back when he was throwing this pithy sound bite around , Netscape was saying that its competition was Lotus Notes , which Barksdale claimed was clearly big and obviously dumb .
Before coming to Netscape , Barksdale ran FedEx , competing with the biggest and dumbest of them all , the US Postal Service . :-)
Despite his obvious lack of tact , Barksdale 's advice has merit .
Targeting so - called " dumb " competitors is obvious , since nobody really wants to compete with smart people .
Tackling a big competitor is the best way to make sure your product or service has a real market to be pursued .
In one sense , we followed this philosophy when we decided to build SourceGear Vault .
In this case , our " big and dumb " competitor is SourceSafe .
At first glance , this may seem ridiculous , since SourceSafe is owned by Microsoft .
Clearly , Microsoft is quadrant three , big and smart , the worst possible combination to be found in a competitor .
However , Microsoft is big enough to be very multi-faceted .
For the products that are most important to them , Microsoft is very big and very smart , but SourceSafe does n't seem to be one of their top priorities .
SourceSafe 's owner might be quadrant three , but this product effectively functions in quadrant one .
( In borrowing Barksdale 's intentionally humorous terminology I mean no offense to SourceSafe fans .
But we 're very familiar with SourceSafe and its various problems .
In fact , our SourceOffSite product continues to sell very well as an add - on which addresses one of the big problems with SourceSafe . )
While you 're choosing your competitors , choose your partners too .
If you can get them , your best partners come from quadrant three .
The " big and smart " companies have a lot more resources than you do .
The companies in the " small and smart " quadrant can be good choices too .
The " small and dumb " quadrant is useless .
Do n't bother selecting these companies as competitors or partners .
Nobody survives very long in that quadrant anyway .
We chose a strategy which would make us SourceSafe 's enemy but Microsoft 's friend .
Vault is built entirely on the Microsoft .NET Framework , and it uses SQL Server 2000 for all its repository storage .
In fact , I would argue that Vault deserves to be a case study for successful use of .NET by an ISV .
After completing a full release cycle we can confidently say that the .NET Framework delivered on its promises .
Using C# instead of a lower level language saved us a lot of time .
Visual Studio .NET is the first IDE that I like better than emacs .
Anyway , Microsoft has been supportive of our efforts on Vault , sometimes even enthusiastic .
They evidently care about .NET and SQL a lot more than they care about SourceSafe .
The resulting scenario is perfect for SourceGear .
Our competitor is quadrant one .
Our primary partner is quadrant three .
It is merely a distracting coincidence that those two entities are technically one and the same . :-)
Accidental Competitors
For the sake of completeness , I should point out that this strategy can have undesirable side effects .
Every good market has more than one competitor .
When you select your primary competitor from quadrant one of your market segment , you 're going to accidentally end up with some competitors from the other quadrants as well .
That 's okay as long as your market segment has fragmentation and your product has differentiation .
Those two words have a grand total of ten syllables between them , but they 're worth the trouble :
Fragmentation :
This means the market is shared by a reasonably large number of players , all of whom are functioning profitably .
You typically do n't want to fly kamikaze into a competitor with 90 % market share .
For example , the market for desktop operating systems is not fragmented .
In contrast , the market for embedded operating systems is highly fragmented .
: This means the market is shared by a reasonably large number of players , all of whom are functioning profitably .
You typically do n't want to fly kamikaze into a competitor with 90 % market share .
For example , the market for desktop operating systems is not fragmented .
In contrast , the market for embedded operating systems is highly fragmented .
Differentiation :
In at least one important way , be different .
Make sure that one particular niche of your market segment has a very good reason to favor your product over the more established competitor .
Make the people in this niche love you .
Until they do , you can ignore the rest of your market segment .
Revisiting SourceGear 's tactical situation , SourceSafe is quadrant one , but there are lots of other players in this market segment .
For example , Perforce looks like it is clearly in the " small and smart " quadrant of the matrix .
We definitely do n't want to be intentionally choosing our competitors from quadrant four .
Luckily there is enough fragmentation in the version control market that this wo n't be a problem .
The failure of Perforce is not in the critical path to our success .
( In fact , if Perforce failed that would bad for SourceGear .
It would indicate either a declining market or a scary predator that 's coming after us next . )
There is plenty of room in this market segment for both of us , especially since our two products are so different from each other .
Fragmented markets allow for that kind of thing .
I saw this in one of my magazines at work .
The GLAT , a funny riff on the standardized tests that pervade academic life .
It seems Google Labs is trying to attract some high quality people into their ranks .
If only I was a software guy , I 'd apply ...
The questions are a fun mix of items from " What 's broken with Unix ?
How would you fix it ? " to a simple blank space you are expected to fill with " something that improves on emptiness . "
I scanned in whole test ( it 's only 3 pages ) for you perusal .
Hit the more link below for the images .
Posted by michael at September 13 , 2004 12:12 PM
GalCiv DEV Journal :
You 're in for an AI treat December 20 , 2017 by Draginol Just in time for Christmas we released version 2.71 which is almost strictly about AI tweaks based on player feedback and saved games .
Now , someone might ask " Why do you need save games to make the AI do [ obvious thing ] ? " .
The answer is that with so many different ways of playing the game ( both in terms of game setup and in - game strategies ) it turns out people play the game very differently from one another .
It 's one of the reasons why you have most people who think the AI is r...
Stardock 's Groupy may change the way we use the PC December 13 , 2017 by Draginol How 's that for a dramatic headline ?
Groupy is a new program from Stardock that does something so simple that , in hindsight , seems like it should have always been part of the OS .
It allows users to drag windows together and create a single tabbed window .
Like so : A few years ago at CES , I showed a prototype of it to Mary Jo Foley , Paul Thurrott , Brad Sams and others .
The motivation to create Groupy came from the frustrating of having lots of windows open ( a very f ...
DEV Diary : Galactic Civilizations Fall 2017 November 28 , 2017 by Draginol Winter is coming .
And so is Galactic Civilizations III v2.7 .
This version has been in the works for a long time as a general , all around , polish pass on everything in the game .
New Data Manager
This is a boring feature that most people wo n't care about , but for those of you who have a lot of custom civilizations , you will find game load times to be much faster .
This is because the data management used to be handled by an external process that ...
Stardock has a new killer app : Groupy - organize your windows together November 14 , 2017 by Draginol From the people who brought you Fences , Start8 , ObjectDock , DeskScapes , and countless other amazing programs comes a new one that will transform the way you use your PC : Groupy .
At any given moment , people have a lot of windows open .
Maybe it's a few Explorer windows , a couple of Excel spreadsheets , maybe a a Word document or a PowerPoint presentation .
Maybe they 're working with Adobe Premiere and After Effects and a few other windows .
In any event , dealing with all these ...
Star Control : Origins - The Lore We Know So Far November 14 , 2017 by Draginol Players have been contributing questions to the Lore Google doc .
There is a lot even we do n't know yet about this universe .
It 's a strange , complicated and ancient place and many of those who do know are not very cooperative with us for various reasons including excuses like " You 're just meat " ( whatever that means ) and " Seriously , you 're just meat " .
So let 's go over what we do know as of November 14 , 2087 .
[ POSSIBLE MINOR SPOILERS ]
A few assumptions about you If you have ...
A Guided Tour of Star Control : Origins BETA 1 November 10 , 2017 by Draginol
It has been over 20 years since the last Star Control game was released .
Today , we open up Beta 1 of Star Control : Origins in the form of Star Control : Origins - Fleet Battles .
While the main game of Star Control is about exploring the galaxy , meeting various aliens , investigating strange new worlds all within a living universe , we also include a combat mini - game that we call Fleet Battles .
In Fleet battles , you assemble a fleet from a group of ships and then engage in battle with ...
Star Control : Origins - Beta 1 Schedule November 6 , 2017 by Draginol Greetings !
Beta 1 is fast approaching and we want to give you a tentative schedule of what to expect .
BETA 1 : November 16 This is the Super - Melee beta .
Super - Melee is a ship vs. ship combat game .
In it , you assemble a fleet of ships .
You have a total of 100 points to use for your fleet with ships costing between 5 and 20 points depending on the ship .
You will be able to battle against the computer with various difficulty level or against other players via the Internet in either r...
Exporting your space ships to share with others with Galactic Civilizations III September 15 , 2017 by Draginol [..]
You may not have noticed this before but in the Ship Designer of Galactic Civilizations III you can take the ships you have designed ( or downloaded ) and export them as a .OBJ file .
This can be used by 3D printers but also on a cool site called Sketchfab .
It 's super easy to set up .
Here are a couple I 've already uploaded : GalCiv Hyperion by draginol on SketchfabAres GalCiv by draginol on Sketchfab Have fun !
p.s. Bonus one : https://skfb.ly/6tIOy
GalCiv Journal : August 2017 ( Convergence ) August 16 , 2017 by Draginol Summer continues .
Unless you 're in Australia or New Zealand .
But they 're not people .
Not really .
I mean , they can't feel heat and cold .
So what 's been up ?
The boring job of architecture update .
We 've been spending the past month fixing architectural issues that have slowly built up .
This shines through in the form of bug fixes .
It 's slow , time consuming but important work .
We are also working on merging the GalCiv III base game and Crusade core together .
...
Space is Really Really Big July 31 , 2017 by Draginol Video games normally take liberties with the size of the universe .
We know the universe is big but we frequently trivialize the immense size of the galaxy .
Even scientists seem to trivialize this with questions like " Why have n't we detected aliens ? " .
The answer might be because our radio signals have n't even reached a trivial distance of the milky way galaxy .
Our solar system out to Jupiter .
Zooming way way out to our local neighborhood .
Now this is zooming out ...
The Human Eye : A design review July 12 , 2017 by Draginol Note :
This post was originally written by my friend Steven Den Beste who passed away last year .
This will be a series of articles designed to preserve his writing for future readers to enjoy the way I did .
The Human Eye : A design review Occasionally I see creationists point to the human eye as a miracle of design , as if this somehow is evidence of divine origin for the human form .
Unfortunately , from an engineering perspective , the human eye is seriously suboptimal .
It simply is n't tha ...
PREVIEW GUIDE : Galactic Civilizations III : Crusade April 26 , 2017 by Draginol Galactic Civilizations III : Crusade is an expansion pack for Stardock 's popular 4X space strategy game , Galactic Civilizations III .
Crusade is a top - to - bottom update of the entire game .
This article will walk you through what 's new , what 's changed and try to explain it for those who may not be familiar with the series .
The SpecsTitle : Galactic Civilizations III : CrusadePlatform : Windows PC , 64 - bitPrice : $ 19.99 if you already have Galactic Civilizations III , $ 39.99 for new ...
Galactic Civilizations III : Crusade - The First Turn April 24 , 2017 by Draginol Crusade is the space strategy game made by 4X nuts for 4X nuts .
Let 's do this .
What is Galactic Civilizations III : Crusade ?
In 2015 , Stardock released the latest entry in its popular 4X space strategy game series , Galactic Civilizations III .
4X means eXplore , eXpand , eXploit , eXterminate and is turn - based .
GalCiv III was well received ( 81 metacritic ) and has a recent Steam review score of 82 .
However , coming from Galactic Civilizations II ( 94 metacr ...
Galactic Civilizations through the ages April 23 , 2017 by Draginol Galactic Civilizations has the distinction of being the longest running strategy game developed by the same company .
Let 's take a look at how it has changed .
Galactic Civilizations OS / 2 The game that started it all .
I wrote this game from my dorm room in college .
Galactic Civilizations for OS / 2 ( 1993 )
First commercial multithreaded game
First commercial game to use more than 256 colors First commercial 32 - bit game
It was written for IBM 's OS / 2 instead of DOS or Wi ...
A review of White House records has determined that George J. Tenet , then the director of central intelligence , did indeed brief Condoleezza Rice and other top officials on July 10 , 2001 about looming threat from Al Qaeda , a State Department spokesman said on Monday evening .
The account by the spokesman , Sean McCormack , came hours after Ms. Rice , the secretary of state , told reporters aboard her airplane that she did not recall such a meeting and said it was " incomprehensible " she ignored dire terrorist threats two months before the Sept. 11 attacks .
Mr. McCormack also said the Bush administration had determined that the Sept. 11 commission had been briefed about the meeting , even though no mention of it appears in the commission 's report .
The question of whether such a meeting took place and what may have occurred has emerged as central since an account of it appeared in " State of Denial , " the new book by Bob Woodward of The Washington Post .
The book said that Mr. Tenet and his top counterterrorism deputy , J. Cofer Black , believed that Ms. Rice had not taken their warnings seriously .
Since conspiracy theories abound regarding the Fed ’s mysterious and rather sudden decision to discontinue collating the M3 data , we offer this — only partly tongue - in - cheek — as a further , suitably alarmist example of the genre .
Firstly , we must ask whether it could be wholly a coincidence that , just as we are to read the obsequies over our beloved aggregate in March 2006 , Iran ( if not yet " wiped off the map " by the Imperial legions or their auxilia ) is due to open its long - heralded oil bourse ; an exchange where trading will be conducted — horror of horrors ! — in Euros , not USD .
Now , if this were to spark a reserve shift and / or a more general flight from a dollar currently back in vogue with the leveraged crowd — a switch perhaps aided by moves from those other energy kings , Mssrs.
Chavez and Putin — dear old Ben Bernanke would probably be compelled to help American banks monetize much more of Uncle Sam ’s debt , in order to keep domestic bond yields from soaring .
Though the mere fact of opening another financial casino might not , of itself , seem to pose much of a threat to the u2018 exorbitant privilege ’ of the pax Americana , it could , in fact be the crack in the levee which allows the dollar ’s unsteady hegemony to be swept away in an ensuing deluge of fear .
For one , America ’s main creditors — the Asian central banks — are undeniably nervous about the $ 2.7 trillion Faustian bargain they have struck with their most importunate customer , as HK Monetary Authority chief , Joseph Yam , reminded an audience only this week , when he told his listeners :
“ Whether we like it or not , we now find ourselves in the unenviable position of holding a substantial part of our savings in the financial liabilities of an economy that does not save , fearing that a diversification of a small part of such holdings might lead to a sharp fall in the value of the rest , thus shooting ourselves in the foot . "
" We also find ourselves somewhat stuck with recycling a large part of our savings through the developed markets back into the region in a much more volatile form , occasionally creating havoc in our monetary and financial systems . ”
Moreover , though the participants have understandably been chary of divulging any specifics of the scheme thus far , the six oil - rich members of the Gulf Co-operation Council are aiming to “ reach agreement on the principles of a monetary union by 2006 ” and “ to press ahead with preparations for a single currency along the lines of the euro ” — under the guidance of none other than the European Central Bank itself .
At present , all these candidate currencies are pegged to the almighty dollar , but it would hardly stretch credibility to imagine that the Arabs ’
European advisers might see fit to hint that a broader basket of reference currencies — to include those of their other , major trading partners — might be more suited to the purpose .
With the IMF estimating that , as a group , the world ’s oil exporters will enjoy cumulative current account surpluses of no less than $ 900 billion this year and next — and with the Gulf inevitably bound to reap the lion ’s share of that enormous bounty — the question of the ultimate fate of this mountain of petrodollars is hardly a trivial one .
It should be obvious that , given the potential sums involved , even a proportionately minor shift , on the part of the oil producers , in favour of a wholly sensible reserve diversification , could have profound implications for markets in the chronically over - borrowed and acutely over - stretched US of A .
Furthermore , if the Bank of Japan can shake off the snarling pack of political dogs who are threatening to legislate against its operational independence in the event it should actually choose to exercise that same privilege , the close of the current fiscal year —
March , 31 , 2006 — might also be an opportune moment for it to commence the delicate task of weaning its recovering economy off the drug of its u2018quantitative easing ’ policy and to begin edging interest rates up from their present , wholly unnatural , zero setting .
Then , absent the multi-billion , one - way bet which relies on further copious BOJ largesse , both local Japanese investors and the hordes of greedy gaijin — who finance a great deal of their speculative trades almost for free , by borrowing Yen and then selling it for dollars — could find it expedient either to liquidate their positions outright , or to finance them directly in dollars — so pressuring asset prices and interest rates in the US , in turn .
Bernanke ’s putative problem could be further exacerbated next Spring by dint of the fact that last year ’s soggy stock market is not likely to produce much of an April tax windfall in 2006 and so bad deficit headlines will once again be in prospect just as the Administration will want to be ladling out extra dollops of vote - winning pork ahead of the mid-term Congressional elections .
A similar rational would come into play if , by then , any of the following , homegrown exigencies arise :
the finally - exhausted US consumer finds herself in need of a little Rooseveltian assistance from the public purse ;
the impending pensions bust intensifies ( post GM ? ) to the point where a new Resolution trust is deemed necessary ;
any of the mortgage , M&A , or LBO bubbles begin to produce a few shockers for the financial sector
( Timing here , however , is necessarily much less exact . )
Finally , who knows what retaliatory action — or even unintended consequences — might redound if those Solons of virtue and wisdom , Senators Charles Schumer and Lindsey Graham , at last succeed , by the March 26 procedural deadline , in raising a punitive tariff on Chinese imports and so inscribe their names in the roll of economic history , right next to their illustrious predecessors , Senator Reed Smoot and Representative Willis C. Hawley .
Ergo , if , in order to deal with any of the above , a heliborne rescue mission of the accelerated monetization of government debt were seen to be needed next March , the simultaneous suppression of the M3 data would usefully serve to obscure the extent of the US banks ’ role in the scheme by no longer revealing — as one of the aggregate ’s particular components — what would then be the banks ’ rapidly swelling repurchase agreement liabilities ( all of them held against USTs & government Agency bonds ) .
Thus , the abandonment of M3 could disguise this Reichsbank - like response to America ’s hypothetical future ills for some little while thence , delaying market fears of a hyperinflationary outcome , and so keeping " Blackhawk " Bernanke hovering over the scene of the emergency for a little longer than might otherwise be the case .
As with all good conspiracy theories , we hope this sounds just credible enough to keep you wondering whether it might even be true , even though , at this juncture , we have to emphasise that it represents nothing more than the rankest of rank speculations .
After all , it would surely be simpler to assume that the new Chairman might just have taken pity on the poor , overworked public servants — toiling selflessly away in the dreary depths of the Marriner S. Eccles building — and that he has therefore decided to lighten the drudgery entailed in crunching the same , weary old set of numbers they have routinely had to process for each of the past 47 years .
Only time will tell .
The Best of Sean Corrigan
Design for an Audience A talk at the University of Copenhagen .
Revisiting Cybernetic Serendipity A talk at the National Academy of Sciences .
Ice Worlds A talk at SciVizNYC .
BBEdit Preferences
Twenty - two years with a text editor .
Uncertainty Kepler ’s Tally of Planets installed at ArtCenter .
Apps That Count An informal talk about personal and health tracking .
The Year in Birch Trees A New Year ’s timelapse of the NYT birch trees .
See , Think , Design , Produce A one - day course with Bret Victor , Mike Bostock and Edward Tufte .
For Your Information An interview with Gestalten TV .
Gestalten Workshop Photos from Respect the Reader .
Deleted Slides
What I left out of my Tapestry talk .
Storytelling with Data A recap of my talk at the Tapestry Conference .
Autocomplete Resolutions
This year , I resolve to autocomplete .
Drawing Science in Sign Tracing Sergio for a print graphic .
Shields and Sun Twelve Yale shields for the New Haven Apple Store .
Markoff ’s Ride With apologies to Charles Joseph Minard .
14 Photographs Some of my photographs from 2001 will appear in the National September 11 Memorial & Museum .
Terrain in Spain Spanish wine map for Olé Imports .
Lyrical Indicators Word incidence in Top 40 song lyrics .
Google Charting Tool A simple charting interface and code generator for the Google Chart API .
Mapping the Iraqi Election A mapping tool for the January 2005 election .
Parsing the State of the Union Sentence length and word incidence in State of the Union Addresses .
Camp Delta Nationalities of enemy combatants detained at Guantánamo Bay , the “ legal equivalent of outer space . ”
Scaling Counties in a Checkerboard State State delegate equivalents and the 2004 Iowa caucuses .
Composite Panorama of Mars A 360° mosaic of photographs from the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit .
Estimating the Airspeed Velocity of an Unladen Swallow Hashing out the classic question with Strouhal numbers and simplified flight waveforms .
The Strouhal Number in Cruising Flight Animals swimming or flying at cruising speed use similar ratios of stroke frequency and amplitude to forward speed .
YouTube finally made its owners some cash today when search behemoth Google coughed up $ 1.65 bn for the video clip mix - tape site .
The deal , trailed all weekend , came within hours of both firms striking deals with what they ’d probably describe internally as old media companies .
As Google put it in when announcing the buy , “ The acquisition combines one of the largest and fastest growing online video entertainment communities with Google 's expertise in organizing information and creating new models for advertising on the Internet . ”
YouTube will retain its “ distinct brand identity ” Google said , as well as its employees .
Its backers will retain a shedload of Google shares , which no doubt will be converted into readies as soon as possible .
What does it mean for users ?
Apparently , “ The combined companies will focus on providing a better , more comprehensive experience for users interested in uploading , watching and sharing videos , and will offer new opportunities for professional content owners to distribute their work to reach a vast new audience . ”
We can only hope this means Google will provide a sensible way of searching and navigating clips , and will hold out the prospect of paying owners of copyrighted material that finds its way onto YouTube .
The deal came the same day that YouTube moved toward full legitimacy with a trio of deals with media giants .
Presumably Google was waiting for the video clip site to head off any legal threats before signing on the dotted line .
Universal Music Group boss Doug Morriss had previously described YouTube as a " copyright infringer " which owed his firm tens of millions in royalties .
Now it seems he has acquiesced to the increasing distribution strength of YouTube , as have the big wigs over at Sony BMG .
The latter has properly gotten into bed with YouTube , with a carve - up of per-click advertising revenues on pages carrying its content .
Universal has stopped shorter , inking a " strategic partnership " instead .
YouTube will simply pay it for each music video or user - generated video that uses its music .
YouTube founder Chad Hurley said : " As a new distribution channel for media companies , YouTube is committed to balancing the needs of the fan community with those of copyright holders . "
Warner Music embraced YouTube in September .
Three of the big four record companies are now on board , with EMI the lone dissenter , though a deal is inevitable .
Smaller record labels have been posting music videos to YouTube for months .
In the third of today 's announcements , CBS becomes the first of the American networks to get smart to YouTube .
NBC struck a more limited deal in June .
CBS CEO Leslie Moonves said : " We 're now able to offer select entertainment , news and sports programming to a new significant audience , get paid for it , and learn a few things along the way . "
As well as providing content , CBS will act as policeman for user - uploaded video .
It 'll have sole discretion over whether video grabbed from its TV channels is allowed to stay on YouTube 's servers .
CBS will get a cut of advertising on pages it leaves online .
The firm will be the first to trial this new system , which YouTube hopes will placate twitchy copyright holders .
Funnily enough , Google struck similar deals with Warner and Sony today .
Fancy that .®
Please Wait .
Your request is being processed ...
Why Does n’t Aid Work ?
I am driving out of Addis Ababa , Ethiopia to the countryside .
An endless line of women and girls is marching in the opposite direction into the city .
They range in age from 9 to 59 .
Each one is bent nearly double under a load of firewood .
The heavy load propels them forward almost at a trot .
I think of slaves driven along by an invisible slave - driver .
They are carrying the firewood from miles outside of Addis Ababa , where there are eucalyptus forests , across the denuded lands circling the city .
They bring the wood to the main city market , where they will sell the load for a couple of dollars .
That will be it for their day ’s income , as it takes all day to heft firewood into Addis and to walk back .
I later found that BBC News had posted a story about one of the firewood collectors .
Amaretch , age 10 , woke up at 3 a.m. to collect eucalyptus branches and leaves , then began the long and painful march into the city .
Amaretch , whose name means “ beautiful one , ” is the youngest of 4 children in her family .
She says :
I do n’t want to have to carry wood all my life .
But at the moment I have no choice because we are so poor .
All of us children carry wood to help our mother and father buy food for us .
I would prefer to be able to just go to school and not have to worry about getting money . [ 1 ]
The two tragedies
UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown recently gave a compassionate speech about the tragedy of extreme poverty afflicting billions of people , with millions of children dying from easily preventable diseases .
He called for a doubling of foreign aid , a Marshall Plan for the world ’s poor .
He offered hope by pointing out how easy it is to do good .
Medicine that would prevent half of malaria deaths costs only 12 cents a dose .
A bed net to prevent a child from getting malaria costs only $ 4 .
Preventing 5 million child deaths over the next 10 years would cost just $ 3 for each new mother .
A program to get Amaretch into school would cost little .
However , Gordon Brown was silent about the other tragedy of the world ’s poor .
This is the tragedy in which the West already spent $ 2.3 trillion on foreign aid over the last 5 decades and still had not managed to get 12 - cent medicines to children to prevent half of all malaria deaths .
The West spent $ 2.3 trillion and still had not managed to get $ 4 bed nets to poor families .
The West spent $ 2.3 trillion and still had not managed to get $ 3 to each new mother to prevent 5 million child deaths .
The West spent $ 2.3 trillion and Amaretch is still carrying firewood .
It ’s a tragedy that so much well - meaning compassion did not bring these results for needy people .
The West ’s efforts to aid the Rest have been even less successful at goals such as promoting rapid economic growth , changes in government economic policy to facilitate markets , or promotion of honest and democratic government .
The evidence is stark : $ 568 billion spent on aid to Africa , and yet the typical African country no richer today than 40 years ago .
Dozens of “ structural adjustment ” loans ( aid loans conditional on policy reforms ) made to Africa , the former Soviet Union , and Latin America , only to see the failure of both policy reform and economic growth .
The evidence suggests that aid results in less democratic and honest government , not more .
Yet , unchastened by this experience , we still have such absurdities as the grandiose plans by Jeffrey Sachs and the United Nations to do 449 separate interventions to reach 54 separate goals by the year 2015 ( the Millennium Development Goals ) , accompanied by urgent pleas to double aid money .
Economic development happens , not through aid , but through the homegrown efforts of entrepreneurs and social and political reformers .
While the West was agonizing over a few tens of billion dollars in aid , the citizens of India and China raised their own incomes by $ 715 billion by their own efforts in free markets .
Once aid agencies realize that aid CANNOT achieve general economic and political development , they could start concentrating on fixing the system that fails to get 12 - cent medicines to malaria victims .
Feedback and accountability
The two key elements necessary to make aid work , and the absence of which has been fatal to aid ’s effectiveness in the past , are FEEDBACK and ACCOUNTABILITY .
The needs of the rich get met through feedback and accountability .
Consumers tell the firm “ this product is worth the price ” by buying the product , or decide the product is worthless and return it to the store .
Voters tell their elected representatives that “ these public services are bad ” and the politician tries to fix the problem .
Of course , feedback only works if somebody listens .
Profit - seeking firms make a product they find to be in high demand , but they also take responsibility for the product — if the product poisons the customer , they are liable , or at least they go out of business .
Elected representatives take responsibility for the quality of public services .
If something goes wrong , they pay politically , perhaps by losing office .
If it succeeds , they get the political rewards .
Aid agencies can be held accountable for specific tasks , rather than the weak incentives that follow from collective responsibility of all aid agencies and recipient governments for those broad goals that depend on many other things besides aid agency effort .
Examples of the latter include such unaccountable goals as the very fashionable campaign to achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals , or the sweeping goals of economic growth , government reform , and democracy for poor countries mentioned above .
If a bureaucracy shares responsibilities with other agencies to achieve many different general goals that depend on many other things , then it is not accountable to its intended beneficiaries — the poor .
No one aid agent is individually responsible for successfully achieving any one task in the current aid system .
Without accountability , then the incentive for finding out what works is weak .
True accountability would mean having an aid agency take responsibility for a specific , monitorable task to help the poor , whose outcome depends almost entirely on what the agency does .
Then independent evaluation of how well the agency does the task will then create strong incentives for performance .
Although evaluation has taken place for a long time in foreign aid , it is often self - evaluation , using reports from the same people who implemented the project .
My students at NYU would not study very hard if I gave them the right to assign themselves their own grades .
The World Bank makes some attempt to achieve independence for its Operations Evaluation Department ( OED ) , which reports directly to the Board of the World Bank , not to the President .
However , staff move back and forth between OED and the rest of the Bank — a negative evaluation could hurt staff ’s career prospects .
The OED evaluation is subjective .
Unclear methods lead to evaluation disconnects like that delicately described in Mali :
it has to be asked how the largely positive findings of the evaluations can be reconciled with the poor development outcomes observed over the same period ( 1985 - 1995 ) and the unfavourable views of local people .
( p. 26 )
Even when internal evaluation points out failure , do agencies hold anyone responsible or change aid agency practices ?
It is hard to find out from a review of the World Bank ’s evaluation web site .
The OED in 2004 indicated how eight “ influential evaluations ” influenced actions of the borrower in 32 different ways , but mentioned only two instances of affecting behavior within the World Bank itself ( one of them for the worse ) .
Moving forward
The way forward is politically difficult — truly independent scientific evaluation of specific aid efforts .
Not overall sweeping evaluations of a whole nationwide development program , but specific and continuous evaluation of particular interventions from which agencies can learn .
Only outside political pressure on aid agencies are likely to create the incentives to do these evaluations .
A World Bank study of evaluation in 2000 began with the confession “ Despite the billions of dollars spent on development assistance each year , there is still very little known about the actual impact of projects on the poor . ”
The solution is as obvious as it is unpopular — create a truly independent group of evaluators who have no conflict of interest with the World Bank or other multilateral development banks .
Of course , there has to be incentives to do something as a result of the evaluations – allocations of money to multilateral development banks should go up or down depending on their average performance as rated by the independent evaluators .
Also multilateral development banks should get credit for discontinuing failed programs or fixing them if they are fixable , while inaction should be correspondingly penalized .
Success through evaluation
In 1997 , the Mexican Deputy Minister of Finance , a well - known economist named Santiago Levy , came up with an innovative program to help poor people help themselves .
Called PROGRESA ( Programa Nacional de Educación , Salud y Alimentación ) , the program provides cash grants to mothers IF they keep their children in school , participate in health education programs , and bring the kids to health clinics for nutrition supplements and regular checkups .
Since the Mexican federal budget did n’t have enough money to reach everyone , Levy doled out the scarce funds in a way that the program could be scientifically evaluated .
The program randomly selected two hundred and fifty - three villages to get the benefits , with another two hundred and fifty - three villages ( not yet getting benefits ) chosen as comparators .
Data was collected on all 506 villages before and after the beginning of the program .
The Mexican government gave the task of evaluating the program to the International Food Policy Research Institute ( IFPRI ) , who commissioned academic studies of the program ’s effects .
The academic findings confirmed that the program worked .
Children receiving PROGRESA benefits had a 23 percent reduction in the incidence of illness , a 1 - 4 percent increase in height , and an 18 percent reduction in anemia .
Adults had 19 percent fewer days lost to illness .
There was a 3.4 percent increase in enrollment for all students in grades 1 through 8 ; the increase was largest among girls who had completed grade 6 , at 14.8 percent . [ 2 ]
More anecdotally , people in a small village called Buenavista have noticed the difference .
One mother says that she can feed her children meat twice a week now to supplement the tortillas , thanks to the money she receives from PROGRESA .
Schoolteacher Santiago Dias notices that attendance is up in Buenavista ’s two - room schoolhouse .
Moreover , Dias says “ because they are better fed , the children can concentrate for longer periods .
And knowing that their mothers ’ benefits depend on their being at school , the children seem more eager to learn . ” [ 3 ]
Because the program was such a clearly documented success , it was continued despite the voters ’ rejection of the long - time ruling party in Mexico ’s democratic revolution in 2000 .
By that time , PROGRESA was reaching 10 percent of the families in Mexico and had a budget of $ 800 million .
The new government expanded it to cover the urban poor .
Similar programs began in neighboring countries with support from the World Bank . [ 4 ]
The lesson for aid reformers is : a combination of free choice and scientific evaluation can build support for an aid program where things that work can be expanded rapidly .
The cash - for - education - and - nutrition in itself could be expanded , with suitable local adjustments , to more countries and on a much larger scale than it is now .
A program like this in Ethiopia could get Amaretch and the other girls around Addis Ababa out of being slaves to firewood and get them in school where they can gain the skills to escape poverty .
Is it time yet ?
It is time for an end to the second tragedy of the world ’s poor , which will help make progress on the first tragedy .
To gradually figure out how the poor can give more feedback to more accountable agents on what THEY know and what THEY most want and need .
The Big Utopian Dreams about ending world poverty , such as the UN Millennium Development Goals hold nobody accountable .
Ca n’t we just hold the agents of charity accountable , so they do get 12 - cent medicines to children to keep them dying from malaria , do get $ 4 bed -nets to the poor to prevent malaria , do get $ 3 to each new mother to prevent child deaths , do get Amaretch into school ?
Notes
* This article is a modified excerpt from the my new book , The White Man ’s Burden : Why the West ’s Efforts to Aid the Rest Have Done So Much Ill and So Little Good ( The Penguin Press : New York ) , 2006 .
[ 1 ]
Here is a picture of Amaretch from the BBC story .
[ 2 ] I am paraphrasing the summary of Esther Duflo and Michael Kremer , “ Use of Randomization in the Evaluation of Development Effectiveness , ” [ pdf ] MIT and Harvard University , 2004 .
[ 3 ] Jon Egan , “ Mexico ’s Welfare Revolution , ” BBC News online , Friday , October 15 , 1999 .
[ 4 ] Duflo and Kremer 2004 .
World Sunlight Map
Watch the sun rise and set all over the world on this real - time , computer - generated illustration of the earth 's patterns of sunlight and darkness .
The clouds are updated daily with current weather satellite imagery .
Known as a plate carrée or equirectangular projection , this map is one way of looking at the spherical Earth as a flat map .
Though it distorts area , shape , and angles , it is often used in computer applications because the X and Y axis map directly to latitude and longitude .
Compare this with Mercator , Peters , or Mollweide projection maps .
Also available is a semi-realistic view of dawn and dusk from far above the Earth , a look at the moon , and information about how this works .
Draagt u Escher in Het Paleis een warm hart toe ?
Overweeg dan ons door middel van een donatie te steunen .
Omdat we onze deuren noodgedwongen een tijd gesloten hebben moeten houden , heeft Escher in Het Paleis helaas cruciale inkomsten verloren .
We genereren 77 % van onze inkomsten zelf en zijn voor een groot deel afhankelijk van opbrengsten uit ticketverkoop .
Met iedere donatie , klein of groot , steunt u het museum en onze toekomstige activiteiten .
Welcome to Caca Labs , home of professional , enterprise - ready solutions for a wide range of modern IT scenarios .
Software
This is our most famous software : libcaca , the industry - standard colour ASCII - art library
zzuf , an application fuzzer
toilet , a FIGlet replacement
We also maintain the following software : TERROR ON THE DESKTOP , a set of themes for the hot - babe application
This is research material , yet already usable : neercs , a screen replacement
libpipi , an image processing library
PWNtcha , a CAPTCHA breaker
git - bigfiles , a fork of Git suited for projects hosting large binary files
Documents
Services
We offer services for various purposes .
git - svn repositories for SVN - using projects
Want to join ?
If you believe your project fits in , we can host mailing - lists , a bug tracking system , Git and SVN repositories ...
Just contact ​sam@hocevar.net .
News
Last updated at 19:17 07 September 2006
A prize winning bikini contest model who claimed she was the Pakistani representative has sparked outrage in the predominantly muslim country .
Stunning Mariyah Moten , 22 , won the ' Best in Media ' title - for being the most photographed and interviewed contestant - at the pageant in the Chinese resort of Beihai .
But furious Pakistani authorities say she did not have permission to represent the country , where many women only go out in public covered in a veil .
They are now threatening the model , who grew up in Pakistan but holds a US passport after she moved there eight years ago , with restrictions on entering her homeland .
" We have asked our missions in Washington and Beijing to investigate this because it is against our policy , culture and religion , " senior Culture Ministry official Abdul Hafeez Chaudhry said .
" She is an American passport holder .
She is an American national of Pakistani origin , so how did she get entry as a Pakistani ? "
Moten , a student of hotel management at the University of Houston , was born and brought up in the Pakistani city of Karachi .
Mr Chaudhry said Pakistan - which does not hold beauty contests - might take the issue up with China , depending on the result of the investigation .
He also said the government might withdraw from Moten special privileges offered to people of Pakistani descent such as visa - free travel to Pakistan .
You keep reading stories about how cellphones will be used for checking stock quotes and making trades , buying stuff , and other eCommerce .
It seems business plans are based on people paying for such stuff .
I think that eCommerce is not where things will go .
If you look at normal people 's use of the Internet , cellphones , and other communications technologies that they pay for they are not driven by wanting to buy things or track their money .
Unlike the kings in children 's rhymes , most people do n't " sit in their counting houses counting out their money . "
Most people do n't buy and sell stocks so frequently and on such whim that they need to do it on a cellphone .
" Oh , look !
That trendy kid over there is wearing penny loafers !
Quick , I must buy stock in a penny loafer company before it goes up this afternoon . "
Most people do n't buy and sell many stocks at all .
Some people do , but not this huge majority that will drive the " wireless Internet revolution " .
Look at how regular people use cellphones , especially if the cost is low like it is in many countries outside the USA .
Listen to cab drivers with their own cellphones , bus drivers , mothers , kids , etc .
They mainly talk to their friends and loved ones for very personal , mundane things .
" I finally left the office , but traffic is light " , " Yes , I can pick up a pizza on the way home " , " I 've got a free minute and thought I 'd say hi " , " Did you find it yet ? " , " Where are you ? " , " No , I did n't do it , I thought you were going to do it " , " Well , tell him Daddy says no , too " , " What 's up ?
Wanna do something tonight ? " , etc .
Look at what people do when they go to an Internet " cafe " when traveling and do n't have their own access to the Internet .
You do n't find them surfing to buy things .
They pay money to do email to stay in touch with friends and loved ones .
A huge percentage of AOL usage is Instant Messaging .
They pay to say hi , flirt , chitchat about their day , etc. , especially with their " buddies " .
Internet cafe in Paris 1999
Also , people like interacting by giving little gifts to each other , saying " I remembered you and what you might like " .
They send postcards ( mainly the paper kind but also the e-kind ) .
They spend a large amount of their valuable vacation time buying " I remembered you " gifts .
They love spending money on friends and loved ones at special times like Christmas .
( " It 's better to give than to receive . " )
They forward jokes they 've heard / read to people they care about .
People like to interact with people they care about .
The interactions are often simple , but personally important .
They are willing to pay money for this .
That 's why they pay for cellphones , for Internet access , and for postcards and postage , and for souvenirs .
It gives them emotional satisfaction .
They pay money to travel to visit family and friends .
I get an image in my head when I see people on the street having these simple interactions on the phone .
It 's that image of primates sitting next to each other grooming one another .
Simple , kind interactions with the ones close to us are innate .
People also pay money for other forms of emotion that are n't through other people directly : listening to music , watching movies ( usually with other people -- doing it alone with TV they wo n't pay for ) , seeing something beautiful or interesting .
Buying is n't fun .
Shopping is .
Shopping is looking at things and imagining owning them or wearing them or using them .
Shopping is looking for " just the right thing " out of many possibilities .
Shopping is often around or with other people .
People pay money to shop in interesting places , even if they do n't buy much : Traveling to New York City to walk down 5th Avenue and look in at Tiffany 's , Steuben Glass ( until they moved ) , and FAO Schwartz ; going to Italy to look at the stores with the designer clothes ; buffets ; etc .
So , people will pay money for things that give them emotional satisfaction , especially those things that involve interacting with others , or have a high emotion content , like music .
- July 11 , 2000
I found an interesting article that is well researched ( with numbers , etc. ) that shows how communications ( especially for social reasons ) commands more money than professionally produced content .
Read " Content is Not King " by Andrew Odlyzko of AT&T Labs that appeared on First Monday .
An example from the Introduction :
Content certainly has all the glamor .
What content does not have is money .
... The annual movie theater ticket sales in the U.S. are well under $ 10 billion .
The telephone industry collects that much money every two weeks !
Those " commodity pipelines " attract much more spending than the glamorous " content . "
- May 10 , 2001
A new device developed by Japan 's National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology uses lasers to project " real " 3D images into the ether .
A special projector can cast three - dimensional shapes of white light between 2 and 3 - meters into the air -- previous devices only tricked the eyes into thinking the image was 3D .
The images are created by blasting the nitrogen and oxygen in the air at fixed points resulting in glowing plasma emissions which hang - out just long enough to etch an ephemeral image .
The 3D images are , gulp , accompanied by a series of satisfying " tiny explosions " from the expanding air .
With improved lasers , scientists say they 'll be capable of projecting images at greater distances with more color variation making the device suitable for pyrotechnics or outdoor advertising .
Sure that can , but we also hope to see 3D replacements to those child - hating balloons at the Macy 's parade -- complete with what must be massive explosions at that scale to drown out any obligatory marching band shrill .
Then we might actually pay attention .
[ Via Pink Tentacle , Thanks Ed ]
In der SPD - Bundestagsfraktion wächst der Unmut über den heftig umstrittenen Beschluss des Bundeskabinetts zur zweiten Stufe der Urheberrechtsreform .
Vor allem für die Nutzer hält der so genannte 2 .
Korb der Novelle noch zu wenig bereit , zeigen sich immer mehr sozialdemokratische Abgeordnete besorgt .
" Wir werden genau auf die Verbraucherrechte beim Urheberrecht achten " , verspricht in diesem Sinne ein heise online vorliegendes Fraktionspapier aus der Feder des Parlamentariers Ulrich Kelber .
" Insbesondere würden wir uns freuen , wenn der Koalitionspartner CDU / CSU sich bei der von allen Experten befürworteten Bagatellgrenze bei den Privatkopien endlich bewegen würde . "
" Wir sollten auch prüfen , ob wir dem Urheberrecht nicht eine Urheberpflicht gegenüberstellen sollten " , heißt es in dem Papier weiter .
Die SPD - Fraktion denkt dabei an eine " Verpflichtung , die Nutzung der erworbenen Inhalte technikneutral zu ermöglichen " .
Sie knüpft damit an den gegenwärtigen Entwurf des Parlaments in Frankreich zur dortigen Urheberrechtsrevision an .
Dieser sieht eine relativ weite Interoperabilitätsklausel vor .
Demnach sollen die technischen Ausrüster von Kopierschutzmechanismen im Bedarfsfall alle technischen Informationen herausgeben müssen , die für das nahtlose Zusammenspiel verschiedener Systeme und Abspielgeräte erforderlich sind .
Zuvor hatte der medien - und forschungspolitische Sprecher der SPD - Fraktion , Jörg Tauss , bereits seinen Unmut über die im Regierungsentwurf enthaltenen Klauseln zur wissenschaftlichen Informationsversorgung sowie über den Wegfall der vom Bundesjustizministerium zunächst geplanten P2P - Bagatellklausel geäußert .
Letztere sollte die gegenwärtige Praxis der Staatsanwaltschaften bei der Verfolgung von Urheberrechtsverletzern gesetzlich verankern und das illegale Herunterladen von urheberrechtlich geschützten Inhalten aus dem Internet in geringer Stückzahl für den privaten Gebrauch straffrei stellen .
Der Streit um die künftigen Kopiermöglichkeiten für Forscher und professionelle Wissensvermittler droht derweil zu eskalieren .
So warnt das Aktionsbündnis Urheberrecht für Bildung und Wissenschaft den Börsenverein des Deutschen Buchhandels vor einer " Enteignungskampagne " .
Stein des Anstoßes für die Verleger sind zwei Normen aus dem Regierungsentwurf , wonach es Bibliotheken , Archiven und Museen künftig gestattet sein soll , ihre Bestände auch digital in den eigenen Räumen gegen eine angemessene Vergütung zur Nutzung zur Verfügung zu stellen .
Ferner sollen Fachinformationsdienste der Bibliotheken wie subito Zeitschriftenartikel und kleine Teile aus Büchern an Interessenten in Form einer grafischen Datei senden dürfen , wenn Verlage kein eigenes Angebot machen .
Während den Wissenschaftsvertretern diese Möglichkeiten nicht weit genug gehen und sie eine Verdorrung der Forschern und Studenten zugänglichen Wissensallmende fürchten , geht der Börsenverein angesichts der im Raum stehenden Regelungen von einer " Enteignung " der Verlage aus .
Mit der " absurden Polemik " vergisst die Buchhandelslobby aber laut dem Aktionsbündnis , dass Bibliotheken " ein kostenfreier Marketingpartner für sie " seien .
Eine aktuelle Studie der Stiftung Lesen habe ergeben , dass aktive Bibliotheksbenutzer neun Bücher im Jahr kaufen .
Wer nicht in Bibliotheken geht , erwirbt dagegen statistisch gesehen nur 1,1 Bände .
Abgesehen davon seien es vorrangig oder exklusiv die Bücherhallen , welche die sich ständig verteuernde wissenschaftliche Fachliteratur erwerben .
Privatpersonen könnten diese gar nicht mehr bezahlen .
Das Bündnis beklagt ferner , dass Verlagen quasi ein Monopol beim Kopienversand und so bei der Versorgung der Wissenschaft mit schnell benötigten elektronischen Informationen zu beliebigen Marktpreisen eingeräumt würde .
In die Auseinandersetzung haben sich inzwischen weitere Organisationen eingeschaltet .
So moniert etwa die Initiative Schulen ans Netz , dass die Belange von Bildungseinrichtungen vom 2 .
Korb der Novelle völlig ignoriert würden .
Konkret kritisiert Ulrich Sieber , Direktor des Freiburger Max - Planck - Instituts für ausländisches und internationales Strafrecht , dass die seit vielen Jahren politisch geforderte Verankerung von neuen Medien als Alltagswerkzeug in der Schule in dem Gesetzentwurf fehle .
Das berechtigte öffentliche Interesse an einem zukunftsfähigen Unterricht muss seiner Ansicht nach gewahrt werden .
Dazu würden " klare und praxisnahe Regeln für die neuen digitalen Nutzungsformen " gehören .
Auch die Union der deutschen Akademien der Wissenschaften weist auf die " weiterhin bestehenden Bedenken gegen die derzeitige Form der Neuregelung hin " .
Die sich abzeichnende Linie setze einen deutlichen Akzent auf die kommerzielle Verwertung durch Verlage .
Selbst " bislang unbekannte Nutzungsrechte " könnten diesen automatisch zufallen .
Der notwendige elektronische Zugriff der Öffentlichkeit auf Forschungsergebnisse sei damit nicht sichergestellt .
Die Stellung der öffentlichen Forschungseinrichtungen als Vermittler zwischen Urheber und Herausgeber bleibe unberücksichtigt : Hätten Erstere ihre Mitarbeiter bereits für die Erstellung von Werken vergütet , sei nicht einzusehen , dass einem Dritten zusätzliche digitale Nutzungs - und Verwertungsrechte erwachsen sollten .
Dies gelte umso mehr , als Forschungseinrichtungen Verlagen oftmals finanzielle Unterstützung durch Publikationszuschüsse zukommen lassen würden .
Zu den Diskussionen um das geistige Eigentum , zu den juristischen Streitigkeiten um das Urheberrecht und zur Novellierung des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes siehe den Artikel auf c't aktuell ( mit Linkliste zu den wichtigsten Artikeln aus der Berichterstattung auf heise online und zu den Gesetzesentwürfen und - texten ) :
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( jk )
Your amusing recursion hack has just had a practical consequence :
you inadvertantly caused the smoking gun proving Digg censors
stories on the front page .
Your link actually made the digg
front page , according to the rss feed used by sites like popurls :
http://popurls.com/
but it 's been censored from the actual front page .
This also shows an unexpected consequence of feeds : you can't
get away with censoring your site , unless you have some kind of
delay in the feed .
This afternoon I decided to play a little joke on Digg and Reddit by submitting a story about recursion that pointed from the Reddit story to the Digg story and back .
Since Digg URLs are totally predictable it was possible to set this up by writing the Reddit story first ( and they do n't verify that URLs work ) and then posting the correct Digg story with the Reddit link ( which I could n't predict ) .
It 's a classic programmer joke ( it 's even in the Digg Programming section ) .
And for that my Digg account was cancelled without warning .
You can start the recursion at Digg here But Digg folks , get a life , ok ?
It was a joke , a classic programming joke .
And this from a guy who 's a ' dark tipper ' ( scary music ) .
A well informed reader writes to me :
So I looked into this and sure enough the story is buried .
If you try searching on Digg for ' reddit recursion ' you get no results , but if you look at the main RSS feed my story is there as # 2 on the front page .
Yet on the actual page the story is not there .
In the RSS feed it appears between " Bug or Conspiracy ?
Digg users go CRAZY modding down comments ! " and " Metallica finally joins iTMS " .
I 'll email anyone a copy of the RSS feed showing my story .
And finally the number of stories promoted to the front page for user jgrahamc ( my now dead account ) just dumped from 1 to 2 ...
I guess my silly recursion story should be on the front page but it is n't .
This appears to be because members of the Digg community buried the story because they did n't like it , but Digg has no mechanism for showing when a story is buried .
Labels : rants and raves
by FIONA MacRAE
Last updated at 09:08 29 December 2006
British scientists are on the verge of producing a revolutionary flu vaccine that works against all major types of the disease .
Described as the ' holy grail ' of flu vaccines , it would protect against all strains of influenza A - the virus behind both bird flu and the nastiest outbreaks of winter flu .
Just a couple of injections could give long - lasting immunity - unlike the current vaccine which has to be given every year .
The brainchild of scientists at Cambridge biotech firm Acambis , working with Belgian researchers , the vaccine will be tested on humans for the first time in the next few months .
A similar universal flu vaccine , being developed by Swiss vaccine firm Cytos Biotechnology , could also be tested on people in 2007 - and the vaccines on the market in around five years .
Importantly , the vaccines would also be quicker and easier to make than the traditional jabs , meaning vast quantities could be stockpiled against a global outbreak of bird flu .
Martin Bachmann , of Cytos , said : " You could really stockpile it .
In the case of a pandemic , that would be a huge advantage .
" If you were to start making a traditional vaccine at the start of a pandemic , there is no way there would be enough . "
The Government believes a bird flu pandemic is inevitable , killing 50,000 people in Britain alone .
However , it acknowledges that the bug could be much more lethal - infecting one in two people and claiming more than 700,000 lives .
Normal winter flu can also kill , claiming up to 12,000 lives a year in the UK .
Although a vaccine exists , constant changes in the virus 's appearance have until now made it impossible to create just one flu vaccine .
Instead a new vaccine is put together each year to protect against the particular strains circulating at that time .
In addition , the virus used in the jab is grown in hen 's eggs - a time - consuming process that yields just one shot of vaccine per egg .
The new jabs would be grown in huge vats of bacterial ' soup ' , with just two pints of liquid providing 10,000 doses of vaccine .
Current flu vaccines focus on two proteins on the surface of the virus .
However , these constantly mutate in a bid to fool the immune system , making it impossible for vaccine manufacturers to keep up with the creation of each new strain .
The universal vaccines focus on a different protein called M2 , which has barely changed during the last 100 years .
The protein is found in all types of Influenza A , including the current bird flu and the virus that caused the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic which killed up to 50 million across the globe .
Normally , such vaccines would have to go through at least five years of human tests before going on the market .
However , if a bird flu pandemic occurs before that , they could be made more quickly available .
Zurich - based Cytos , which is also developing anti-smoking and obesity vaccines , has showed that its version of the jab stops mice dying from a dose of flu strong enough to kill them four - times over .
The vaccinated animals were also spared the fever that normally goes along with flu .
Although it is too early to say what the effect would be in humans , an initial course of two or three shots could provide long - lasting immunity , topped up with booster shots given every five to ten years .
Dr Ashley Birkett , of Acambis , said : " It would n't be that one shot protects for life but you would need fewer doses over your lifetime . "
In addition , the jabs could be produced in vast quantities and stockpiled ahead of a flu pandemic - or even given to people in advance .
In contrast , a traditionally - produced vaccine , matched to the specific strain of flu , would not be available until around six months after the start of the pandemic .
The new vaccines only protect against influenza A - the version of the bug responsible for pandemic flu and the most severe cases of winter flu .
However , it may also be possible to create a similar jab against influenza B , which causes a milder form of winter flu .
Professor John Oxford , Britain 's leading flu expert , said the development of a universal vaccine was the " holy grail " of flu research .
He added : " If you get a M2 vaccine which protects against the whole caboodle in the same vaccine , the possibilities are huge . "
But , others cautioned that there is no guarantee that the jabs would be as effective in humans as it has been in animals .
Virologist Professor Ian Jones , of the University of Reading , said : " It is an encouraging technique which may have a role to play but it is too soon to assume that it will translate into a universal vaccine in the human population . "
Dr Jim Robertson , a vaccine expert from the government - funded National Institute for Biological Standards and Control , said the main advantage of a universal jab would be lasting immunity .
" If it works , it will be lovely , " he said .
" The best result would be that it would last for a long , long time . "
Dr Ron Cutler , an infectious diseases expert from the University of East London , said : " Continual protection would be a tremendous advantage against flu . "
He cautioned however , that there is no guarantee that the M2 protein will not mutate in the future - meaning the jab will have to be regularly reformulated .
Earlier in the day , Mr. Bondi floated a proposal that some political experts believe is the real force behind Mr. Berlusconi 's reluctance to acknowledge the results .
He suggested that Mr. Berlusconi be made the president -- an appointment by Parliament that would keep him in politics , give him great prestige and protect him from any attack by a new government on his vast holdings in media , publishing and sports .
Mr. Berlusconi's stance seemed in character for a risk taker who built Italy 's largest fortune and who has often been accused of ignoring the rules along the way .
But it is unclear whether his continuing resistance to judicially certified election results will be seen as an admirable fighting spirit or a dangerous toying with Italian democracy .
" It 's a blatant attempt to push the other side to come to an accord , " said Pietro Scoppola , professor emeritus of contemporary history at La Sapienza University in Rome .
" This does nothing other than damage to the country , in terms of image , and it clearly shows that the right that 's been in power for the last five years is not up to a European level . "
Political experts give little credence to the idea that Mr. Prodi or his center - left partners could accept Mr. Berlusconi as president .
The position 's duties include signing laws and forming and dissolving Parliament over a seven - year term .
Yet Mr. Berlusconi's continued challenge to the elections ' validity , along with his threats to make Mr. Prodi 's life in office short and difficult , may give him added sway over who actually gets the position .
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter , Dublin
Dr Padraic Fallon , from Trinity College Dublin , and colleagues have already managed to cure asthma in lab mice by infecting them with the tiny creatures .
The team now has to explain how the parasites achieve this feat at a molecular level .
If they can do that , they should then be able to synthesise a new drug compound to treat asthma in people .
On the rise
Asthma and other allergies have increased almost threefold over the last 30 years in many developed countries , including Ireland and the UK .
We believe that this research will lead us to develop a new ways of preventing and treating asthma
Dr Fallon , Trinity College Dublin
The thinking behind this theory is that people living in modern industrialised societies are no longer exposed to the pathogens , such as viruses and bacteria , they would have been in the past , and so their bodies react to other , more minor threats .
" In Africa , for example , the immune system is too busy chasing after worms to bother going after house dust mites , " explained Dr Fallon .
" In a developed society , the immune system is looking for things to respond to .
" It 's evolved to see worms and suddenly there are no worms there .
So suddenly house mites , peanuts - whatever the allergies are - occupy the immune system and it responds and causes disease , " he told the British Association 's Festival of Science in Dublin .
In a study in Gabon , Africa , schoolchildren that were infected with worms had lower allergic responses to house dust mites than children with no worms .
When the children had their worms removed by drugs they then developed increased allergic responses .
Red blood cells
The particular worm in question , the schistosome , is the cause of bilharzias , or schistosomiasis .
As the worms feed on red blood cells and dissolved nutrients such as sugars and amino acids , they can cause anaemia and fatigue , and in some cases the victim passes red urine , tinted by blood lost through the damaged kidneys .
It is thought that around 250 million people are infected with bilharzia in the tropics .
Dr Fallon says the worm has clearly evolved a way to control the human immune system , raising and lowering inflammation in its host to just the right level to ensure its parasitic lifestyle can be maintained .
The trick now , he says , is to learn how the worm does this so that the knowledge can be applied to allergic diseases .
" We believe that this research will lead us to develop a new ways of preventing and treating asthma and anaphylaxis , which can then be extended to treat inflammatory bowel disease and arthritis , " Dr Fallon said .
By John Simpson
BBC world affairs editor , Beijing
Sadly , this column will not be read in China .
Economic freedom , but no freedom of information in China
Nor can BBC
World be seen in China , except in the more expensive Western - style hotels and under certain very specific circumstances .
And this must surely be almost the last place on earth where the full , old - fashioned paraphernalia of jamming is used against foreign radio broadcasts .
In the days when the old Soviet Union used habitually to block the flow of information from the outside , we regarded it as the result of Moscow 's hostility to free thinking : a sign of the regime 's bitter resistance to change of any kind .
But no one could accuse the Chinese government of resisting change .
On the contrary , China has embarked on the most remarkable , even courageous , voyage into the economic unknown .
Its anxieties about what the outside world might say seem to originate in something else : an odd lack of self - confidence .
Access to the internet is heavily restricted .
Last week a leading human rights agency accused Yahoo of helping the Chinese government identify an investigative journalist through his emails .
The journalist , who had dug up some disturbing information about the ways of officialdom in China , has been jailed .
Trust
All this matters , because China matters .
As a senior British official said privately the other day : " It 's a real problem .
If we 're going to be their close trading partners , we really need to be certain that we can trust them in other areas as well .
And this kind of thing makes it harder to be confident . "
When Tony Blair was in Beijing last week , he gave voice to these views .
Since the British are nothing like as outspoken as the Americans on human rights here , it was significant .
He was n't presuming to lecture the Chinese leadership , or tell them how to run their country .
He simply explained that it was difficult to have confidence in China as a partner if it behaved like this .
Anyone who comes here today can see that there is no serious discontent , no great welling up of anger against the system
In the past , I would have had a ready explanation for China 's behaviour .
Having witnessed the massacre in Tiananmen Square in June 1989 , and seen for myself how ferociously the crowds attacked the symbols of the Communist Party and the security police , I would have said that the Chinese authorities were frightened of their own people .
But I do n't believe it 's true now .
Anyone who comes here today can see that there is no serious discontent , no great welling up of anger against the system .
People have willingly accepted the huge changes in the way China runs its economy , and are mostly concerned with making a living .
And they can see the very real benefits of the changes which have taken place .
Radical sentiments
China and the Soviet Union took different paths away from Marxism - Leninism .
Looking back , it 's clear that the Chinese approach was rather more effective than the Soviet one .
In the late 1980s , Mikhail Gorbachev allowed people to speak freely before the benefits of opening up the economy had a chance to show themselves - so everyone complained endlessly about the economic shortages , and the government was discredited and mistrusted .
The Chinese government , under Deng Xiaoping , showed people it would n't accept any kind of political discontent .
That was what Tiananmen Square was all about .
But at the same time , it made them better off than they had ever dreamed of being , and communism effectively disappeared in China without the upheavals Russia experienced .
There are of course all sorts of rumblings , particularly in the Chinese countryside , sudden outbreaks of violence and anger .
But they are n't directed against the political system as such , they are usually a reaction to things that people consider to be unreasonable and unjust .
Nowadays , people here see themselves as taxpayers , and they think that if they 're paying for the government , the government ought to behave as they want it to behave .
Leading city councillor in Beijing
Recently , the BBC correspondent in Beijing , Rupert Wingfield - Hayes , broadcast a remarkable television report about a local electricity authority in rural China which wanted to take over the land of some farmers , and hired a gang of thugs to do it .
Yet even in the depths of the countryside , things have changed now .
Attitudes to injustice , for one thing , and the availability of technology for another .
The farmers decided to resist , and they used video cameras to record the violent tactics of the thugs .
Rupert 's BBC colleagues were arrested for going to the village , and were roughly treated before being released , but the report , complete with the farmers ' extraordinary video footage , was seen around the world - though not in China itself , of course .
" Nowadays , " says a leading city councillor in Beijing , who is famous for taking up cases where individuals have been wrongly treated , " people here see themselves as taxpayers .
" And they think that if they 're paying for the government , the government ought to behave as they want it to behave . "
Radical sentiments , but inevitable ones in a country where people are unmistakably on the road to real affluence .
Further changes will come in China , but it is reasonable to assume that it will be the present political system which introduces them .
The government seems entirely stable , entirely in charge .
Yet if so , do the authorities here really need to be quite so nervous about letting people have information from the outside world ?
Your comments
Having been in Taiwan , I have seen what a Chinese nation can achieve , and only half of it !
John Simpson may be correct - the People 's Republic probably afford to loosen up .
The question remains - can they find a balance between material and political aspirations while retaining stability ?
R.G. Waterson , Brisbane , Australia
Dear John ,
You are one of my most admired news reporters and I love listening to your reports but I think this article seems to drift a little bit .
I suppose you mean the government and its tight control over the media .
Well , which country in this world today does not control the media in one way or another ?
Who owns the press and decides what makes news in the free or not so free world ?
I think it 's not a confidence issue but simply one of control .
Your second half talks about ordinary citizens taking action against an authority .
This is a very Chinese thing - it 's history is full of peasant chivalry , of ordinary people standing up to injustice .
China 's people are very resilient in the face of suffering and misfortune and will fight to right a wrong at a personal level .
These fights go on in all parts of the developing world .
If only your camera can go to all these places and help those in trouble !
Nevertheless , I think this is unrelated to the " lack of confidence " line of argument .
Kind regards .
H.Tan , London , UK
As usual , John Simpson paints a very clear picture of the issue at hand .
I like the way he can take complex issues and reduce them to understandable phrases .
G.Keyes , Limerick , Ireland
Just want to point out one fact .
I was in Beijing this July .
I was able to access BBC news website from my parent 's home via a regular ADSL online service .
Chong Zhang , Illinois , USA
Dear Sir , I strongly subscribe to your positive and optimistic approach to characterizing China 's censorship , governance , and approach to freedom of speech and human rights .
I do have a small comment to your statement that " ... Anyone who comes here today can see that there is no serious discontent , no great welling up of anger against the system . "
This is probably true to the extent that " anyone who comes here " ( most tourists ) goes to Beijing , Shanghai , and Hong Kong -- places of severe surveilance and economic prosperity .
In the countryside , however , the story is quite different .
In terms of violent protest , we have seen a high increase in the proliferation of such demonstration , and more and more of these carried traces of blood .
They occur mostly in smaller cities ( though not always ) and rural provinces , where the Western media is not pre-occupied with bra wars and currency exchange regimes .
These protests are mostly in opposition to the rural - urban divide and high degree of corruption in smaller cities , which account for the majority of the Chinese population .
The Chinese revolution of 1949 had its roots in the rural and provincial areas .
It is there you probably need to go , if you really want to gauge Chinese discontent .
Thanks for giving me the chance to comment on your otherwise very intriguing article .
Soeren Petersen , Washington D.C , USA
Yes , I defintely agree with what is written here .
I wish that economic success that has made China an economic giant will be coupled with freedom of expression and of religion .
Religions in China are still very much restricted in what they can do .
I wish that the Vatican and China normalise their relationships with each other and hope for a warmer relationship .
A democratic China will benefit the whole world not just the Asia - pacific region .
Neil , Malta
The Chinese government has left the idea of communism and socialism way behind and they have opened up their economy .
They are ahead in the race in manufacturing and services sector in Asia .
Now they are world 's economic superpower .
Now it is being seen by the young generation 's inclination towards the English language .
But the government has to do more to attain democracy and work more to eradicate human rights violations .
And I hope the Chinese government will progress in the correct direction to do so .
A. Nair , Bangalore , India
AI , artificial Intelligence , category , crowdsourcing , Evolving Trends , https://evolvingtrends.wordpress.com, Inference Engines , meaning , ontology , OWL , P2P , RDF , search for meaning , semantic , semantic web , Web 3.0 , wikipedia , wikipedia 3.0
Author : Marc Fawzi
License : Attribution -NonCommercial - ShareAlike 3.0
Announcements :
Semantic Web Developers :
Feb 5 , ‘07 : The following external reference concerns the use of rule - based inference engines and ontologies in implementing the Semantic Web +
AI vision ( aka Web 3.0 ) : Description Logic Programs : Combining Logic Programs with Description Logic ( note : there are better , simpler ways of achieving the same purpose . )
Click here for more info and a list of related articles …
Forward ( 2008 , 2009 )
Two years after I published this article it has received over 230,000 hits and we now have several startups attempting to apply Semantic Web technology to Wikipedia and knowledge wikis in general , including Wikipedia founder ’s own commercial startup as well as a startup that was recently purchased by Microsoft .
Recently , after seeing how Wikipedia ’s governance is so flawed , I decided to write about a way to decentralize and democratize Wikipedia .
In August 2009 , a little over 3 years after the writing of this unexpectedly wildly popular article , I wrote an update in response to a query by a journalist , titled Wikipedia 3.0 : Three Years Later .
Versión española
Article
( Article was last updated at 10:15 am EST , July 3 , 2006 )
Wikipedia 3.0 : The End of Google ?
The Semantic Web ( or Web 3.0 ) promises to “ organize the world ’s information ” in a dramatically more logical way than Google can ever achieve with their current engine design .
This is specially true from the point of view of machine comprehension as opposed to human comprehension .
The Semantic Web requires the use of a declarative ontological language like OWL to produce domain - specific ontologies that machines can use to reason about information and make new conclusions , not simply match keywords .
However , the Semantic Web , which is still in a development phase where researchers are trying to define the best and most usable design models , would require the participation of thousands of knowledgeable people over time to produce those domain - specific ontologies necessary for its functioning .
Machines ( or machine - based reasoning , aka AI software or ‘ info agents ’ ) would then be able to use those laboriously –but not entirely manually – constructed ontologies to build a view ( or formal model ) of how the individual terms within the information relate to each other .
Those relationships can be thought of as the axioms ( assumed starting truths ) , which together with the rules governing the inference process both enable as well as constrain the interpretation ( and well - formed use ) of those terms by the info agents to reason new conclusions based on existing information , i.e. to think .
In other words , theorems ( formal deductive propositions that are provable based on the axioms and the rules of inference ) may be generated by the software , thus allowing formal deductive reasoning at the machine level .
And given that an ontology , as described here , is a statement of Logic Theory , two or more independent info agents processing the same domain - specific ontology will be able to collaborate and deduce an answer to a query , without being driven by the same software .
Thus , and as stated , in the Semantic Web individual machine - based agents ( or a collaborating group of agents ) will be able to understand and use information by translating concepts and deducing new information rather than just matching keywords .
Once machines can understand and use information , using a standard ontology language , the world will never be the same .
It will be possible to have an info agent ( or many info agents ) among your virtual AI - enhanced workforce each having access to different domain specific comprehension space and all communicating with each other to build a collective consciousness .
You ’ll be able to ask your info agent or agents to find you the nearest restaurant that serves Italian cuisine , even if the restaurant nearest you advertises itself as a Pizza joint as opposed to an Italian restaurant .
But that is just a very simple example of the deductive reasoning machines will be able to perform on information they have .
Far more awesome implications can be seen when you consider that every area of human knowledge will be automatically within the comprehension space of your info agents .
That is because each info agent can communicate with other info agents who are specialized in different domains of knowledge to produce a collective consciousness ( using the Borg metaphor ) that encompasses all human knowledge .
The collective “ mind ” of those agents - as - the - Borg will be the Ultimate Answer Machine , easily displacing Google from this position , which it does not truly fulfill .
The problem with the Semantic Web , besides that researchers are still debating which design and implementation of the ontology language model ( and associated technologies ) is the best and most usable , is that it would take thousands or tens of thousands of knowledgeable people many years to boil down human knowledge to domain specific ontologies .
However , if we were at some point to take the Wikipedia community and give them the right tools and standards to work with ( whether existing or to be developed in the future ) , which would make it possible for reasonably skilled individuals to help reduce human knowledge to domain - specific ontologies , then that time can be shortened to just a few years , and possibly to as little as two years .
The emergence of a Wikipedia 3.0 ( as in Web 3.0 , aka Semantic Web ) that is built on the Semantic Web model will herald the end of Google as the Ultimate Answer Machine .
It will be replaced with “ WikiMind ” which will not be a mere search engine like Google is but a true Global Brain : a powerful pan-domain inference engine , with a vast set of ontologies ( a la Wikipedia 3.0 ) covering all domains of human knowledge , that can reason and deduce answers instead of just throwing raw information at you using the outdated concept of a search engine .
Notes
After writing the original post I found out that a modified version of the Wikipedia application , known as “ Semantic ” MediaWiki has already been used to implement ontologies .
The name that they ’ve chosen is Ontoworld .
I think WikiMind would have been a cooler name , but I like ontoworld , too , as in “ it descended onto the world , ” since that may be seen as a reference to the global mind a Semantic - Web - enabled version of Wikipedia could lead to .
Google ’s search engine technology , which provides almost all of their revenue , could be made obsolete in the near future .
That is unless they have access to Ontoworld or some such pan-domain semantic knowledge repository such that they tap into their ontologies and add inference capability to Google search to build formal deductive intelligence into Google .
But so can Ask.com and MSN and Yahoo …
I would really love to see more competition in this arena , not to see Google or any one company establish a huge lead over others .
The question , to rephrase in Churchillian terms , is wether the combination of the Semantic Web and Wikipedia signals the beginning of the end for Google or the end of the beginning .
Obviously , with tens of billions of dollars at stake in investors ’ money , I would think that it is the latter .
No one wants to see Google fail .
There ’s too much vested interest .
However , I do want to see somebody out maneuver them ( which can be done in my opinion . )
Clarification
Please note that Ontoworld , which currently implements the ontologies , is based on the “ Wikipedia ” application ( also known as MediaWiki ) , but it is not the same as Wikipedia.org .
Likewise , I expect Wikipedia.org will use their volunteer workforce to reduce the sum of human knowledge that has been entered into their database to domain - specific ontologies for the Semantic Web ( aka Web 3.0 ) Hence , “ Wikipedia 3.0 . ”
Response to Readers ’ Comments
The argument I ’ve made here is that Wikipedia has the volunteer resources to produce the needed Semantic Web ontologies for the domains of knowledge that it currently covers , while Google does not have those volunteer resources , which will make it reliant on Wikipedia .
Those ontologies together with all the information on the Web , can be accessed by Google and others but Wikipedia will be in charge of the ontologies for the large set of knowledge domains they currently cover , and that is where I see the power shift .
Google and other companies do not have the resources in man power ( i.e. the thousands of volunteers Wikipedia has ) who would help create those ontologies for the large set of knowledge domains that Wikipedia covers .
Wikipedia does , and is positioned to do that better and more effectively than anyone else .
Its hard to see how Google would be able create the ontologies for all domains of human knowledge ( which are continuously growing in size and number ) given how much work that would require .
Wikipedia can cover more ground faster with their massive , dedicated force of knowledgeable volunteers .
I believe that the party that will control the creation of the ontologies ( i.e. Wikipedia ) for the largest number of domains of human knowledge , and not the organization that simply accesses those ontologies ( i.e. Google ) , will have a competitive advantage .
There are many knowledge domains that Wikipedia does not cover .
Google will have the edge there but only if people and organizations that produce the information also produce the ontologies on their own , so that Google can access them from its future Semantic Web engine .
My belief is that it would happen but very slowly , and that Wikipedia can have the ontologies done for all the domain of knowledge that it currently covers much faster , and then they would have leverage by the fact that they would be in charge of those ontologies ( aka the basic layer for AI enablement . )
It still remains unclear , of course , whether the combination of Wikipedia and the Semantic Web herald the beginning of the end for Google or the end of the beginning .
As I said in the original part of the post , I believe that it is the latter , and the question I pose in the title of this post , in this context , is not more than rhetorical .
However , I could be wrong in my judgment and Google could fall behind Wikipedia as the world ’s ultimate answer machine .
After all , Wikipedia makes “ us ” count .
Google does n’t .
Wikipedia derives its power from “ us . ”
Google derives its power from its technology and inflated stock price .
Who would you count on to change the world ?
Response to Basic Questions Raised by the Readers
Reader divotdave asked a few questions , which I thought to be very basic in nature ( i.e. important . )
I believe more people will be pondering about the same issues , so I ’m to including here them with the replies .
Question :
How does it distinguish between good information and bad ?
How does it determine which parts of the sum of human knowledge to accept and which to reject ?
Reply :
It would n’t have to distinguish between good vs bad information ( not to be confused with well - formed vs badly formed ) if it was to use a reliable source of information ( with associated , reliable ontologies . )
That is if the information or knowledge to be sought can be derived from Wikipedia 3.0 then it assumes that the information is reliable .
However , with respect to connecting the dots when it comes to returning information or deducing answers from the sea of information that lies beyond Wikipedia then your question becomes very relevant .
How would it distinguish good information from bad information so that it can produce good knowledge ( aka comprehended information , aka new information produced through deductive reasoning based on exiting information . )
Question :
Who , or what as the case may be , will determine what information is irrelevant to me as the inquiring end user ?
Reply :
That is a good question and one which would have to be answered by the researchers working on AI engines for Web 3.0
There will be assumptions made as to what you are inquiring about .
Just as when I saw your question I had to make assumption about what you really meant to ask me , AI engines would have to make an assumption , pretty much based on the same cognitive process humans use , which is the topic of a separate post , but which has been covered by many AI researchers .
Question :
Is this to say that ultimately some over - arching standard will emerge that all humanity will be forced ( by lack of alternative information ) to conform to ?
Reply :
There is no need for one standard , except when it comes to the language the ontologies are written in ( e.g OWL , OWL - DL , OWL Full etc. )
Semantic
Web researchers are trying to determine the best and most usable choice , taking into consideration human and machine performance in constructing –and exclusive in the latter case– interpreting those ontologies .
Two or more info agents working with the same domain - specific ontology but having different software ( different AI engines ) can collaborate with each other .
The only standard required is that of the ontology language and associated production tools .
Addendum
On AI and Natural Language Processing
I believe that the first generation of AI that will be used by Web 3.0 ( aka Semantic Web ) will be based on relatively simple inference engines that will NOT attempt to perform natural language processing , where current approaches still face too many serious challenges .
However , they will still have the formal deductive reasoning capabilities described earlier in this article , and users would interact with these systems through some query language .
On the Debate about the Nature and Definition of AI
The embedding of AI into cyberspace will be done at first with relatively simple inference engines ( that use algorithms and heuristics ) that work collaboratively in P2P fashion and use standardized ontologies .
The massively parallel interactions between the hundreds of millions of AI Agents that will run within the millions of P2P AI Engines on users ’
PCs will give rise to the very complex behavior that is the future global brain .
Update on how the Wikipedia 3.0 vision is spreading :
December 2006 Update : Wikipedia ’s Founder Jumps into the Search Business with Wikia
Update on how Google tried to co-opt the Wikipedia 3.0 vision with Google Knol :
March 2007 Update : Google and Web 3.0
Web 3D Fans :
Here is the original Web 3D + Semantic Web +
AI article :
The above mentioned Web 3D + Semantic Web +
AI vision which preceded the Wikipedia 3.0 vision received much less attention because it was not presented in a controversial manner .
This fact was noted as the biggest flaw of social bookmarking site digg which was used to promote this article .
Web 3.0 Developers :
Feb 5 , ‘07 : The following external reference concerns the use of rule - based inference engines and ontologies in implementing the Semantic Web +
AI vision ( aka Web 3.0 ) :
Description Logic Programs : Combining Logic Programs with Description Logic ( note : there are better , simpler ways of achieving the same purpose . )
Jan 7 , ‘07 : The following Evolving Trends post discusses the current state of semantic search engines and ways to improve the paradigm :
June 27 , ’06 : Semantic MediaWiki project , enabling the insertion of semantic annotations ( or metadata ) into the content :
http://semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki ( see note on Wikia below )
Wikipedia ’s Founder and Web 3.0
The hosting of the Semantic Mediawiki , i.e. the Web 3.0 version of of Wikipedia ’s platform , has been taken over by Wikia , a commercial venture founded by Wikiepdia ’s own founder Jimmy Wales .
This opens up a huge conflict of interest , which is , namely , the fact that Wikipedia ’s founder is running a commercial venture that takes creative improvements to Wikipedia ’s platform , e.g. Semantic Mediawiki , and transfer those improvements to Wikia , Jimmy Wales ’ own commercial for - profit venture .
2010 Update :
Jimmy Wales ( Wikipedia ’s founder ) has quit the Wikia venture and is now trying to make Web 3.0 happen with Wikipedia itself as proposed in the original Wikipedia 3.0 : The End of Google ?
article and followed up upon in Wikipedia 3.0 : Three Years Later .
P.S .
This post provides the history behind use of the term Web 3.0 in the context of the Semantic Web and AI .
This post explains one of the interesting reasons behind the rapid spread of this article ( which points out the basic flaw of the Wisdom of Crowds concept )
Tags :
Semantic Web , Web strandards , Trends , OWL , innovation , Startup , Evolution , Google , GData , inference , inference engine , AI , ontology , Semanticweb , Web 2.0 , Web 2.0 , Web 3.0 , Web 3.0 , Google Base , artificial intelligence , AI , Wikipedia , Wikipedia 3.0 , collective consciousness , Ontoworld , Wikipedia AI
If you 've recently been given the boot by Google Adsense or are simply curious about how well the alternative PPC engines perform , have I got some jewels for you .
I 've recorded the average earnings , pluses , and minuses in a trial of several of the most popular PPC web master programs on a high traffic site ( not this one = ) ) .
Each trial ran for about 1 week .
My reviews listed below are graded on a scale from A to F .
I included testing of pay - per- click and pay - per- sale ( affiliate ) programs .
All programs were tested on a contextual - advertising basis .
That is , I was only concerned with showing ads which matched the content of pages .
I was not interested in graphic banner ads or popups .
So , for those of you wondering how the rest of the PPC world is doing , here it is :
Yahoo YPN
I have heard earnings in YPN can rival Google Adsense .
The program is still in beta which may be the reason they are choosy about who to accept .
After submitting the application for a heavy traffic site , I received an acceptance reply after 1.5 weeks .
Their system operates very similar to Google , but with one major difference - their Terms of Service .
While Google barely lets you change text on your site , Yahoo's agreement is much more relaxed .
After the first day , earnings were comparable with Google , if not higher .
Their system seems to lag behind in statistics , but it may just be updated daily .
Yahoo may be a serious contender for Adsense .
Average earnings per click : $ 0.50 - $ 1.00
Click Frequency : Good
Grade : A
TargetPoint
The ads are quite relevant and receive a good click - through rate due to color and look .
However , their pay - rates are incredibly off .
I saw statistics of 70 clicks or more earning a total of only $ 0.25 .
I 'm not sure if they are inserting free ads along with paid ones or if their payout really is a fraction of a penny per click .
I emailed support to explain this and they responded by mentioning they offer a higher - tiered program for heavier traffic sites .
They provided additional code for the higher tier .
The PPC rate appeared to increase to about .10 per click , but the ads were not relevant to the content like their standard ads are .
Average earnings per click : $ 0.005
Click Frequency : Good
Grade : B
Clicksor
Ads open in a popup window , which is not the greatest idea since many users are blocking popups these days .
It also takes several days before the ads become relevant to your content .
Even then , the relevancy is not that great , which can result in poor click - through ratios .
One good point is that Clicksor offers in - text links , where a keyword becomes a hyperlink to an ad within your content .
This is in addition to banner ads .
However , because Clicksor 's relevancy is so poor , you will be unlikely to get many clicks , which puts its earning potential closer to TargetPoint .
I tried emailing support to ask about the relevancy issue , but have received no reply .
Their ad creation system also has problems .
Upon setting the account up to only show in - text ads and not banner ads , their system continued to request banner ad data .
Average earnings per click : $ 0.07
Click Frequency : Poor
Grade : C
Kanoodle BrightAds
One of the 2nd - tier search engines , Kanoodle 's PPC program offers contextual ads , popups , pay per cookie , and a few more .
As of this time , I have yet to hear back on my application .
Average earnings per click : $-.--
Click Frequency : -
Grade : -
Quigo Adsonar
Adsonar is still somewhat in beta and , as such , is only accepting a very limited number of web sites to join up .
I went and applied .
About 1.5 weeks later I received a rejection email .
Thus , I can not review how good they were .
Hopefully when they add more categories they will accept a broader range of sites .
Average earnings per click : $-.--
Click Frequency : -
Grade : -
Clickbank
As the first test in contextual - based affiliate ads , Clickbank has the easiest affiliate system to get up and running .
After downloading their .xml feed product list , I could query it locally to find matching ads .
There is no need to join any specific programs .
You simply tag on your ID to the URL for a product to begin advertising it .
I can safely say they do pay and send out checks monthly .
However , many of their products are MLM or make - money - fast , and give a " dirty " feel towards advertising them .
Even with contextual ads combined with their product database , it was difficult to get a broad enough spectrum , and even more difficult to get a sale .
On the bright side , just 1 sale was enough to top any of the pay - per - click advertisers , although getting that 1 sale can be difficult with Clickbank 's army of products .
Average earnings per sale : $ 12.00 - $ 50.00
Click Frequency : Average
Grade : C +
Amazon Associates
Similar to implementing Clickbank and contextual matching , I put Amazon 's affiliate program to the test .
This one is tricky .
They offer a really great API , called Amazon ECS , which lets you write code to query their database and find products , as opposed to Clickbank 's .xml file .
Well , if Amazon had an xml file , it would be several gigs in size .
I used the AmazonECS.NET API to talk to their database .
The biggest problem is the poor quality matching on Amazon ECS .
You pass them keywords and they return a list of matching Amazon products .
However , their relevancy rate hovered around 30 % .
Of course , this resulted in low clicks .
Another problem , the amount earned per sale is a pitiful 4 % - 6 % , compared with Clickbank 's 25 % - 75 % .
While Amazon does have a much larger database , their search function did not work well enough to judge results .
Average earnings per sale : $ 2.00 - $ 10.00
Click Frequency : Average
Grade : B-
AffiliateSensor
They claim to have contextual relevant ads , but they are only relevant if you specify an H1 tag .
Upon inserting their code , there were javascript errors .
Their ads also do not appear to match relevancy for the page content .
They insert their own affiliate id for 5 % of the displayed ads and the id of the person who refered you for another 5 % of displayed ads .
I believe their system could use some work .
Average earnings per sale : $ 10 +
Click Frequency : Poor
Grade : C
Want more ?
Let me know the program names you want to see and I 'll consider giving them a trial run and post the results here .
Lucas ( l ) and Ford ( r ) worked on both Indiana Jones and Star Wars
Lucas said he and Steven Spielberg had recently finalised the script , and promised it was " the best one yet " .
Actor Harrison
Ford will return as the titular star of the film , which is due to hit cinemas in May 2008 .
The original Indiana Jones trilogy was a tribute to Saturday morning B- movies , and made more than $ 1.1 bn ( £ 560 m ) at the box office in the 1980s .
It 's going to be fantastic .
It 's going to be the best one yet .
George Lucas
Ten years
Written by Lucas and directed by Spielberg it saw the two kings of blockbuster cinema working together for the first time , and was a global success .
The team reconvened for a sequel , Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , in 1984 and again for Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade in 1989 .
Rumours of a fourth chapter in the film saga have been circulating for several years , with each of the key participants agreeing they would only regroup if the script was good enough .
Sean Connery played Indiana 's father in The Last Crusade
He would not reveal any plot details , but said it would be " a character piece " including some " very interesting mysteries " .
At the Rome Film Festival in October , Ford announced he was " fit to play " the Jones character again .
The 64 - year - old actor promised he would " bring the same physical action " to a fourth movie as he did to the first three - in which he carried out many of his own stunts .
Ford added that Sean Connery may return as Indiana Jones ' father , Dr Henry Jones Sr .
But former James Bond star Connery , who was also at the festival , said that no offer had been made .
Achieving Xen
I 've been wanting to have a play with Xen for quite some time , but have a pathological dislike of compiling kernels , so had n't gotten around to it .
So needless to say , I 'm very very ( very very ) pleased to see Xen 3.0 packages in Debian now , and so spent some time today having a fiddle .
Frankly , I 'm very pleased with how easy it 's been to get everything going .
Mad props to Steve Kemp for xen-tools , it makes the ease of creating a new DomU approach that of falling off a log .
A big thanks also to the Debian kernel team for packaging this stuff up at last as well .
So , here 's what I did :
I installed linux - image - 2.6.16-1-xen -686 and xen-hypervisor - 3.0 - i386 , along with the aforementioned xen-tools and xen-utils - 3.0 .
The linux - image - 2.6.16-1-xen -686 kernel package does n't create an initrd by default , so I created one by hand with mkinitramfs - kpkg .
I put this in my GRUB config :
title Xen root ( hd0,0 ) kernel / boot / xen-3.0-i386.gz module /boot/ vmlinuz-2.6.16-1-xen-686 root=/dev/hda1 ro console=tty0 module / boot / initrd.img-2.6.16-1-xen -686 boot
There 's a couple of kernel images available that mention Xen , the aforementioned linux - image - 2.6.16-1-xen -686 and also linux - image - 2.6.16-1-xen-vserver -686 .
Unfortunately the package descriptions are the same as the stock 2.6.16 kernel package , and I initially formed the opinion that one was the Dom0 kernel and the other was the DomU kernel .
It turns out that the linux - image - 2.6.16 - 1 - xen -686 will operate as either , and the vserver one will work as a DomU ( I have n't tried it as a Dom0 ) .
I 'm currently using file - backed storage , but I want to switch to directly using LVM once I get the hang of things .
I created the filesystem for the DomU with :
xen - create - image \ -- hostname testvm \ -- size 2 Gb -- swap 128 Mb -- memory 96 Mb \ -- fs ext3 -- dir /srv \ -- dhcp \ -- cache yes -- dist etch \ -- mirror http://mirror.linux.org.au/debian
\ -- kernel /boot/vmlinuz-2.6.16-1-xen-vserver-686 \ -- initrd /boot/initrd.img-2.6.16-1-xen-vserver-686
The one problem with this script is it puts SCSI ( i.e. / etc/sda ) devices in /etc / fstab , but refers to them as / dev/hda devices everywhere else .
So to avoid a kernel panic on booting the DomU , I had to mount the image that was created and edit the /etc / fstab file to fix this up .
I also needed to add vif = [ '' ] to get an eth0 interface to exist in the DomU instance .
There 's some other stuff you put here to use a consistent MAC address , rather than a per-instance - boot one .
I also found I needed to edit / etc / xen / xend - config.sxp to use network - bridge instead of network - dummy and vif - bridge .
I found I needed to reboot as just restarting xend afterwards royally messed with the networking setup .
Why we need a laptop ?
A laptop computer is very useful and helpful , and he's not require to mutch space and he have a little bonus it 's portable .
In the last years laptops market growed very mutch , and now we have all kind of laptops .
The number one reason why people get laptops is because they can bring it anywhere - the beach , on a trip , to church , to the bathroom ( just do n't email us from there … that 's sick ) .
If you 're constantly on the go , a laptop will come in very handy .
You live in an apartment the size of a closet .
Are you gonna cram a hard drive , a 15 - inch monitor , and a keyboard onto the ironing board you use as a desk ?
Laptops are lighter and much more compact than any PC or Mac system , so they 'll help you save tons of space .
And when you 're not using it , you can fold it up in a briefcase and stick it under your bed with ease .
You can't help but be a little jealous of the woman pulling out a sleek black laptop on the train .
She 's cool .
You can tune up your car , but what about your laptop ?
Look at this laptops . :) :
If you want to see more intresting stuff or more intresting you should subscribe to the blog newsletter , you can find it in the left corner of the page , scroll up .
Just enter your email and you are subscribed .
Two former Bell Laboratories researchers who invented a microchip that became the building block for devices ranging from digital cameras to powerful telescopes were named winners yesterday of the 2006 Charles Stark Draper Prize , the engineering equivalent of a Nobel award .
Willard S. Boyle , 81 , and George E. Smith , 75 , invented the imaging microchip , known as a charge - coupled device , in 1969 .
The chip converts light particles , or photons , into packets of electrical charges that are nearly instantaneously shifted in rows to the edge of the chip for scanning .
" People do n't know the nuances of C.C.D.'s but they know they have a camcorder and satellite images of the weather , " said William A. Wulf , president of the National Academy of Engineering , the nonprofit society that oversees the $ 500,000 award , which the two men will split .
Mr. Wulf noted that the imaging chip also paved the way for live television broadcasts from portable cameras .
Mr. Smith , who lives in Barnegat Bay , N.J. , said that he and Mr. Boyle came up with the basic structure of their chip during a brainstorming session that lasted less than an hour on an early October afternoon .
Mr. Boyle , his boss , had called him into his office to ponder how they could meet the company 's requests for new memory chip concepts .
The design they produced could indeed store data but it soon became apparent that its greatest advantages lay in image sensing .
A random thought
Let 's say someone gave a computer scientist a copy of Microsoft Word and asked them to figure out how the grammar correction feature was implemented .
Then two years later he comes back and says that while he has n't exactly figured out how the feature is implemented , he did figure out something much better .
He created with a new programming language , complete with a mathematical proof of Turing - completeness , and it can be used to compute anything that 's computable .
The grammar feature in Word is simply the result of computation , therefore his new language is capable of implementing the same feature .
The rest is just details .
When I hear about string theory research , it sounds like instead of a model of the universe , they 've come up with a meta - model that encompasses all possible universes .
Which is cool except it does n't help you in this universe .
It 's like the researchers have created a new programming language , but have told us nothing interesting about the big program we are already living in .
Posted September 29 , 2006 4:42 PM
While most of us are struggling to solve the issues around TeraByte data storage and management , folks at Stanford are ready for handling PetaByte ( 1024 TeraByte ) of data with BaBar database .
In 2004 Stanford LAC collected 500,000 GB in a day , thus a multi-petabytes of data getting stored is very near .
Note that such challenges are not limited to reasearch groups .
Wal - Mart is assumed to be storing somewhere near to 580 TeraByte of sales and inventory data , also EBAY stores 100s of TeraByte of consumer data .
There is an interesting article posted at Standford website giving an overview of challenge faced in storing and managing such large data which is worth a read .
You can refer it by clicking Here Here are some interesting data for starter : 1) DataStorage happens at IBM MSS storing 1.3 Petabyte in 13,000 tapes managed by 6 StorageTek tape silos .
2 ) Data is backed by 160 TeraByte of disk Cache for responsiveness .
Disk cache is mainted by thousands of physical disks maintained by large disk arrays .
3 ) For multi-petabyte scalability uses ODBMS approach with Thick client and Thin Server approach .
Uses Objectivity / DB 4 ) Database runs on 2000 CPUs with 100 servers supporting .
STATEMENT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL JOHN ASHCROFT ON THE PASSAGE OF THE SMITH - POMEROY - FOLEY CHILD OBSCENITY AND PORNOGRAPHY PREVENTION ACT
" I am pleased that the House of Representatives passed the Child Obscenity and Pornography Prevention Act , a bill that will strengthen the ability of law enforcement to protect children from abuse and exploitation .
I urge the Senate to bring this important legislation to the floor as soon as possible .
" I want to thank Chairman Sensenbrenner for guiding this important legislation through the Judiciary Commitee ( sic ) , and Congressmen Lamar Smith , Mark Foley , and Earl Pomeroy for their leadership on this bill .
They have worked tirelessly to protect the health and safety of children .
" The Department of Justice remains solid in its commitment to identify , investigate , and prosecute those who sexually exploit children .
I look forward to working with Congress to see to it that this legislation becomes law , so that we may continue in our efforts to eliminate child pornography and prosecute offenders . "
Denny Hastert is smack in the middle of one of the tawdriest and ugliest sex scandals in American political history .
As a result , he has been the target of aggressive criticism , even from a few members of his own party , and , by all accounts , is desperately battling to keep his job .
In need of moral absolution and support from a respected and admired figure who possesses moral authority among Hastert 's morally upstanding Republican base , to whom does Hastert turn ?
A priest or respected reverend ?
An older wise political statesman with a reputation for integrity and dignity ?
No , there is only one person with sufficient moral credibility among the increasingly uncomfortable moralistic Republican base who can give Hastert the blessing he needs : Rush Limbaugh .
And so that is where Hastert went yesterday in order to obtain the Decree that He Did Nothing Wrong .
As much as I tried -- and , trust me , I really tried -- I could n't expunge this picture from my mind yesterday because , in all its visceral hideousness , it really illustrates what I think is the principal reason why this Foley scandal is resonating so strongly .
This is the real face of the ruling Republican party , and it has been unmasked -- violently -- by the exposure of Mark Foley and his allies who protected and harbored him .
If the term " moral degenerate " has any validity and can be fairly applied to anyone , there are few people who merit that term more than Rush Limbaugh .
He is the living and breathing embodiment of moral degeneracy , with his countless overlapping sexual affairs , his series of shattered , dissolved marriages , his hedonistic and illegal drug abuse , his jaunts , with fistfulls of Viagra ( but no wife ) , to an impoverished Latin American island renowned for its easy access to underage female prostitutes .
Yet that is who Hastert chose as the High Priest of the Values Voters to whom he made his pilgrimage and from whom he received his benediction .
The difference between Rush Limbaugh and Mark Foley , to the extent there is one , is one of hedonistic tastes , not moral level .
Rush Limbaugh is n't just tolerated within the party that stands for religious piety and moral strength .
He is a leader of it , arguably the leader of its most righteous wing .
Is it really all that surprising that a political movement that has chosen a moral degenerate like Rush Limbaugh as one of its most revered and morally respected leaders is not all that bothered by -- and therefore actively harbors -- the Mark Foleys of the world ?
The individuals who never tire of making public displays of how concerned they are with our moral fabric -- the Kathryn Jean Lopezs of the world who find Bill Clinton 's sex life such a cause for condemnation and who publicly crusade to have John Kerry shunned by good Catholics because of how immoral he is and interrupt such crusades only in order to coo with giddy love and profound respect for Rush Limbaugh -- are well aware that their party is filled to the rim with sleazy corrupt hedonists with as bloated and piggish sense of entitlement as can be imagined .
But as long as they help keep the party in power , they are not just tolerated but embraced .
That dynamic is a core operating principle of the Bush - led Republican Party , and it is why Mark Foley was able to rise within it despite its being an " open secret " in Washington GOP power circles -- a very open secret -- exactly what he was .
When this scandal first broke , I spent a few hours researching federal law with regard to Internet sexual activities and " minors " and , while I knew that Foley was involved in enacting some of these bills , I was really amazed how far beyond that it went .
Mark Foley was literally at the center of virtually every activity and law and program over the last 10 years ostensibly designed to battle the evils of Internet sex and minors .
Mark Foley spent 12 years in Congress and it is not an exaggeration to say that he basically devoted his whole Congressional career to adding decades of imprisonment on to the mandatory punishments for those who use the Internet to talk about sex with children .
He did n't just condemn that which he was doing .
He made the crusade against it his life 's work , in the most vocal and public way possible .
Mark Foley is n't some isolated case of shocking hypocrisy .
Quite the contrary .
People who have a publicly and vocally expressed obsession with other people 's moral behavior and who want to use the power of the Government to enforce that obsession -- the Rick Santorums and Rush Limbaughs and Newt Gingrichs and Jim Bakkers and Ralph Reeds and Mark Foleys of the world -- are almost always fighting their own demons , not anyone else 's .
It is so important for them to parade around as moral protectors and moral warriors precisely because they have no other way to cleanse themselves , despite being in desperate need of a cleansing .
That 's why , all over the Internet , one easily finds things like this This is n't some " great find " or specially revealing document .
Documents like this are everywhere , because this is the twisted , warped , dysfunctional and rotted political rule to which we have been subjected for the last six years and even before that ( though not with the unchallenged power it has now ) .
Mark Foley is the GOP face of efforts to combat the use of the Internet to sexualize minors , and Rush Limbaugh is their High Moral Priest .
We have been barraged with laws , programs , sermons , demagoguery and all sorts of moral demonization from a political movement whose most powerful pundit is a multiple - times - divorced drug addict who flamboyantly cavorts around with a new girlfriend every few months in between Viagra - fueled jaunts to the Dominican Republic .
It is a political movement whose legacy will be torture , waterboards , naked , sadomasochistic games in Iraqi dungeons ( or , to Rush , " blowing off steam " ) , with all sorts of varied sleaze and corruption deeply engrained throughout its DNA -- all propped up by a facade of moralism and dependent upon the support of those who have been propagandized into believing that they are voting for the Party of Values and Morals .
It is not a coincidence that the GOP was harboring someone like Mark Foley within its highest ranks while their most powerful political officials purposely looked the other way and even actively helped to conceal what he was up to , thereby enabling him to continue .
After all , even now that this conduct has been exposed , their instinct -- all the way to the highest levels -- is to excuse and defend those leaders and offer up the most disgusting defenses -- all because preservation of their political power depends on it .
This is not some bizarre aberration .
This is how they operate and it is what they are .
And the Mark Foley scandal is making it virutally impossible for anyone to convincingly deny it any longer .
Indian scientists visa denial sparks outrage
February 24 , 2006 03:11 IST
Embarrassed over denial of visa to a top Indian scientist to travel to the United States , the American scientific community has thrown its weight behind the applicant , saying this leaves a terrible impression about the country just ahead of President George W Bush 's India visit .
The denial of visa to Goverdhan Mehta , former head of Indian Institute of Sciences , Bangalore , has set off a major diplomatic flap in the US , a media report said on Thursday .
Besides Mehta , P Rodrigues , former chief of Indira Gandhi Atomic Research Institute , leading agro-scientist P C Kesavan of M S Swaminathan Research Institute in Chennai have also been denied a visa .
The latest flap over Mehta comes at a time when things are improving in the context of visa rejections for foreign academics in the aftermath of the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , Wendy White , Director of the Board of International Scientific Organisations told The Washington Post .
The Board was set up by the National Academy of Sciences and has helped about 3,000 scientists affected by new policies .
" This leaves a terrible impression of the United States .
We want people to know that the US is an open and welcoming country , " White said .
Published online 24 November 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news061120-14
News
Thunderstorms on the giant planet may cause puzzling streaks in its rings .
Sometimes Saturn 's rings looks like they have been smudged by a giant finger — but maybe it 's lightning at work .
NASA
The mysterious spokes in Saturn 's rings may be created by massive thunderstorms in the planet 's atmosphere .
If the theory is right , these faint features are the signature of awesome events : lightning strokes ten thousand times more energetic than those on Earth , releasing beams of electrons that surge up from Saturn 's surface to whack into the rings and blast out jets of electrically charged dust .
The idea , proposed by Geraint Jones of the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Katlenburg - Lindau , Germany , and his colleagues in Geophysical Research Letters1 , remains speculative .
No one has ever seen storm - induced electron beams on Saturn .
But the researchers say that the theory would explain some puzzling features of the spokes , and that it fits with what is known about the effects of thunderstorms on Earth .
The spokes of Saturn 's rings were first discovered by the Voyager I and II spacecraft when they passed close to the gas giant planet in 1980 and 1981 .
The spokes are " a very complex phenomenon , and a difficult thing to untangle " , says Carolyn Porco of the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colorado , who was the first person to work on these mysterious features back in the Voyager days .
The spokes appear as bright or dark streaks about 100 km wide and up to 20,000 km long that cross the rings , making them look as though they have been smeared by a giant finger .
They are transient , building up over a period of a few hours and then disappearing again several hours later .
And they are n't always there at all : between 1998 and 2004 , when NASA 's Cassini spacecraft reached the planet , there was no sign of any .
Spokes reappeared in September 2005 , when Cassini took snapshots of them .
Researchers agree that the spokes are made of dust grains that have become electrically charged and are pushed up out of the rings in long streamers by electrostatic repulsion .
But they do n't know what causes the charging .
Charged collision
One theory is that this happens when meteorites plough into the rings and whip up a cloud of charged plasma , which then charges up the rings ' dust particles .
But this , says Jones , can't explain why the spokes build up gradually — it 's implausible that several meteorites would strike the rings in the same place in close succession .
An alternative explanation is based on the way that thunderstorms on Earth can generate electron beams in the upper atmosphere .
While regular lightning bolts travel between clouds and the ground below , high - energy particles streaming from space called cosmic rays can trigger electron discharges above the clouds .
These electrons stream outwards into space along the field lines of the Earth 's magnetic field .
This can produce flashes of gamma rays as well as glowing atmospheric features called sprites .
Thunderstorms are also known to happen within the thick atmosphere of Saturn , and Jones and colleagues say that these are likely to have the same effect — cosmic rays coming in towards Saturn should likewise form outgoing electron beams that could hit the rings , charging up dust grains .
Hit it again
The magnetic field lines above the Saturnian latitudes from 43 - 52° N and from 38 - 46° S would carry the electron beams into Saturn 's so - called B ring , where the dust and pebbles rotate at the same rate as the planet itself .
This means a storm would keep whacking the same part of the ring over and over again , allowing a spoke to build up .
Storms at other latitudes would hit different parts of a ring as it moves above the planet 's surface , so these spokes would be quite diffuse .
The researchers say that spokes in the B ring do indeed seem sharper than those that spring up elsewhere .
Porco says that there was a suggestion in the Voyager data that Saturn 's spokes happen with about the same frequency as the planet 's magnetic field and storms , so there 's tentative evidence for a link .
" It 's a good thing that this connection is now being investigated , " she says .
She is currently analysing the Cassini results to search for a firmer link .
ADVERTISEMENT
So far , Jones and colleagues can only point to tantalizing hints of more direct evidence : Cassini did detect two beams of electrons while orbiting Saturn that could have been unleashed by thunderstorms beneath , they say .
Firmer support for the hypothesis could come from the detection of thunderstorms at locations on the surface where they would be linked by magnetic field lines to spokes above .
But this wo n't be easy .
" I do n't know exactly what a thunderstorm on Saturn looks like , " Jones admits , " and I 'm not sure anyone else does either . "
Visit our spokesmaybemade_by.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Two Michigan State University researchers are the first to unlock the secrets of the invisible ink used by East Germany 's secret police force , the Stasi , and in the process have mixed a batch of chemistry , history and mystery to teach students .
Kristie Macrakis , a historian of science , and Ryan Sweeder , a chemist , both of MSU 's Lyman Briggs School of Science , teamed up to piece together the once - secret chemical formula for behind the Stasi 's invisible ink .
" Secret writing is a classic method of communication for spies , " Macrakis said .
" This is a high - level formula .
It 's not just lemon juice .
It 's much more sophisticated . "
The Stasi 's technique of transferring top - secret messages worked like a piece of carbon paper .
An agent would place a piece of paper impregnated with the chemical cerium oxalate between two pieces of plain paper .
As the agent pressed down to write , the chemical was transferred to the piece of paper beneath .
The person on the receiving end of the message then developed the note with a solution of manganese sulfate , hydrogen peroxide and other chemicals .
The process activated the cerium oxalate to reveal the hidden text .
A successful reaction yielded orange writing .
" From a chemical standpoint , this is very cool , " Sweeder said .
The Stasi -- the former East German Ministry for State Security -- was created , in part , by Soviet KGB agents shortly after World War II .
At that time , Germany was divided into two regions : the communist controlled East Germany and the democratic West .
Stasi functioned as both internal security unit and foreign intelligence officers .
advertisement
" It 's like having the CIA and the FBI under one roof , " Macrakis said .
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , the confidential archives of the Stasi were declassified .
A few years later Macrakis discovered in those archives the incomplete formula for the secret ink and development process .
Macrakis approached Sweeder and another MSU chemist in hopes of determining the missing pieces to the ink formula .
" We wanted to decipher the question marks in the formula .
We knew nothing about amounts and concentrations , " Sweeder said .
With the help of undergraduate students Kevin Kalinowski and Elizabeth Bell , Macrakis and Sweeder solved a Stasi secret and created a chemistry lab dubbed the " Spy Lab . "
In the Spy Lab , students become counter - intelligence agents trying to prevent a terrorist attack on a university building .
Students are handed a torn piece of paper recovered from the crime scene with the location of the imaginary bomb written in Stasi invisible ink .
It 's up to the student counter - intelligence officers to determine the quantities of the chemicals needed to develop the message and thwart the operation .
advertisement
The Spy Lab helps students learn about catalysis , redox reactions , kinetics and pH .
Participants also learn the historical background of the Stasi and the politics that created the repressive ministry .
" This project braids history and science together and brings researchers together , " Macrakis said .
" The students find it intriguing . "
Macrakis and her colleagues presented the work in early November at the 2006 Sigma Xi , a scientific research society , meeting in Detroit .
DIGG THIS
The problem of health care for the uninsured has been solved .
The solution , as usual , lies in free markets .
We have not had a free market in health care for many decades .
I am actually a part of a small , but growing , movement of doctors who have “ opted out ” of the third - party payment system and simply charge patients directly .
No insurance contracts , no medicare , no medicaid , just direct payment at the time of service , from the person who receives the service .
The results ?
Throughout June and July of this year , my average charge was $ 37 per patient .
Sounds affordable ?
Well , get this  that fee includes housecalls , some antibiotics and other medications dispensed , and lab fees .
Wait a minute , did that guy just say housecalls ?
Nobody does housecalls any more !
Well , a doctor who employs free market principles can provide the kind of care that a patient wants , including housecalls .
The patient is the customer , not the insurance company or the taxpayer .
By not contracting with third parties for payment , I do not have the kind of overhead that is needed to contend with those bureaucrats .
Medical Economics magazine pegged the annual overhead for a family physician without obstetrics at roughly $ 272,000 per year in 2003 .
Mine is less than one tenth of that .
A typical FP collects about 60 % of his charges .
I have collected 101 % , due to tips .
Yes , patients frequently tip me .
I calculated that if I charge $ 30 for something now , in order to come out the same , I would need to charge $ 107 if I had the same financial constraints as most doctors .
I would have an extra $ 34 in overhead per patient , raising the fee to $ 64 .
Then to collect that $ 64 , I would have to charge $ 107 .
I can also offer generally same - day service , flexible hours , and adequate time with patients .
I charge by time , so I am not financially pressured to gloss over issues or reschedule for later .
I have even combined my office with my home .
I call this Modern Medical Care with Old Time Service .
I am not really the first to be doing this ; it was the typical practice model decades ago .
There is a group of physicians , the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons , comprised of many like - minded doctors , that advocates just this sort of practice .
As far as morality is concerned , the free market approach is supremely ethical .
Nobody has money confiscated from them , under threat of deadly force , to pay my fees for somebody else ’s health care .
That is the way Medicaid and Medicare work .
My patients willingly pay me , and for the most part , they seem very grateful for the service they get .
One might think that America has free market health care , and that is our problem .
After all , we are the only developed nation that yet lacks socialized medicine .
How blessed we actually are , that we have not become completely socialized .
After all , Canada ’s own supreme court ruled in 2005 that their prohibition on private care “ interferes with life and security of the person as protected by s. 7 of the [ Canadian ] Charter . ”
That was because people were dying on waiting lists .
So where do we lack for free markets ?
First , health insurance premiums are tax deductible if paid by employers , and now the tax deductibility has expanded with health savings accounts .
This makes health benefits much more valuable than salary , skewing the perceived cost of health care .
Next , welfare programs such as Medicare , Medicaid , and the State Children ’s Health Initiative Program now are the payors of over 50 % of health care dollars .
The massive sets of regulations that they have spawned have been adopted by private insurers .
The Food and Drug Administration blocks entry of effective new drugs into the market for many years , and drives the cost of developing a new drug to about $ 800 million .
While the sale of drugs is being blocked , people are suffering and dying .
The Drug Enforcement Administration , Clinical Laboratories Improvement Amendments , Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act , Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act , Stark laws , state - mandated insurance coverage for specific services , abuse of court power through malpractice , and even licensure itself , all combine to tie the health care industry into knots of red tape .
There is very little free market at all left .
The ray of hope shining through our fog of government interference is found in the doctors who choose to stay as far out of it as they can .
We are not a large percentage of doctors , but we are becoming more known .
We can try to influence other doctors to do the same .
We can try to educate the citizenry .
We can try to slow down the advancement of socialism in the halls of government .
The free market is the most moral and effective approach to health care , as it is to our other economic activities .
It has brought better goods and services to people than any other system .
It is time we restored free markets in medicine .
Health care is much too important to let government continue to mess it up .
August 4 , 2006
" What I have in mind is an act or decision that a person takes decisively at some particular point in time , about which the person 's preferences differ from what they were earlier , when the prospect was contemplated but the decision was still in the future , " he wrote in " Ethics , Law and the Exercise of Self - Command , " ( available online at http://www.tannerlectures.utah.edu/lectures/schelling83.pdf).
" If the person could make the final decision about that action at the earlier time , precluding a later change in mind , he would make a different choice from what he knows will be his choice on that later occasion . "
New Year 's resolutions help the earlier self overrule the later one by raising the cost of straying .
" More is threatened by failure than just the substance of the resolution : one 's personal constitution is violated , confidence demoralized , and the whole year spoiled .
At least one can try to make it so , " wrote Professor Schelling in " The Intimate Contest for Self - Command , " a 1980 essay in his book " Choice and Consequence : Perspectives of an Errant Economist " ( Harvard University Press , 1984 ) .
As many a broken resolution demonstrates , those consequences often are not a big enough deterrent .
To make success more likely , Professor Schelling 's work suggests a few additional strategies .
One is a mild precommitment : not keeping sweets or tobacco in the house , for instance .
At the very least , this step forces you to delay indulgence until you can go to the store -- and allows time to recover your resolve .
Another approach is to use bright - line rules , which make it harder to cheat through clever reinterpretation .
That may explain why many people find it easier to eliminate whole categories of food , like carbohydrates , rather than simply to cut back on calories .
" Just as it may be easier to ban nuclear weapons from the battlefield in toto than through carefully graduated specifications on their use , zero is a more enforceable limit on cigarettes or chewing gum than some flexible quantitative ration , " Professor Schelling wrote .
He once resolved to smoke " only after the ' evening meal . ' "
That rule " led to tortured reasoning Thanksgiving afternoon , or flying west across the Atlantic with perpetual afternoon , and it stimulated lots of token sandwiches on leaving the ski slopes to drive home . "
V Nasi si obupno prizadevajo , da bi jih našli , ker zaradi starosti lahko vsak čas razpadejo .
Neposreden prenos z Lune si je julija 1969 ogledalo 600 milijonov ljudi po vsem svetu , poroča Sky News .
Malo je znano , da je bil prenos zelo kakovosten , nič kaj podoben zamegljenim posnetkom , ki jih lahko vidimo po televiziji .
Zaradi nezdružljive tehnologije je namreč potekal tako , da so prizore z Lune predvajali na zaslon , v katerega so bile uperjene kamere in ga snemale .
Po izjavah pristojnih bi originalni trakovi , če jih bodo našli , končno ovrgli teorijo , po kateri naj bi prve človeške korake na Luni Nasa preprosto posnela v hollywoodskem studiu in tako prevarala ves svet .
Poleg prvega Armstrongovega sprehoda in njegovih znamenitih besed » Majhen korak za človeka , velik korak za človeštvo « je med pogrešanimi tudi originalen trak , ki prikazuje pristanek Apolla 11 na Luni , je zapisal časnik The Sydney Morning Herald .
theSite = mark ( ) ;
theSite.return ( ) ;
theSite = mark ( ) ;
puts " Hello , World ! "
theSite.return ( ) ;
: theSite
echo Hello
goto the Site
# Method definitions
def startloop
startloopSite = mark ( ) ;
puts " Inside startloop " ;
return startloopSite ;
end
def endloop ( startloopSite )
puts " Inside endloop " ;
startloopSite.return ( ) ;
end
# Main execution path
theSite = startloop ( ) ;
puts " Middle of the loop " ;
endloop ( theSite ) ;
def remember ( aValue )
the Site = mark ( ) ;
puts
" The value is " + a Value.to_s ( ) ;
return the Site ;
end
siteToReturnTo = 2 ;
# Remember the values and execution state
firstSite = remember ( 1234 ) ; # Line A
secondSite = remember ( " ABCD " ) ; # Line B
puts siteToReturnTo ;
# First go back to secondSite , then back to firstSite , then quit
if ( siteToReturnTo == 2 ) then
siteToReturnTo = 1 ;
secondSite.return ( ) ;
elsif ( siteToReturnTo == 1 ) then
siteToReturnTo = - 1 ;
firstSite.return ( ) ;
end
The value is 1234
The value is ABCD
2
The value is ABCD
1
The value is 1234
The value is ABCD
-1
tryForBetter = true ;
theSite = nil ;
theCalculation = mark ( ) { | site|
theSite = site ;
# Do some work to get an initial value for the calculation
initialCalculation = 3 ;
the Site.return( initialCalculation ) ; # Line A
}
puts " The calculation is " + the Calculation.to_s ( ) ;
if ( tryForBetter ) then
tryForBetter = false ;
# We discover a better value for the calculation
betterValue = 3.1415 ;
the Site.return ( betterValue ) ; # Line B
end
the Site = mark ( ) ;
class Continuation
alias_method :return , : call
end
def mark &block
if block != nil then return callcc ( &block ) end
theSite = nil
callcc{|s | the Site = s}
return the Site
end
theSite = nil ;
aValue = mark { | site |
theSite = site ;
}
...
site.return(someValue )
theContinuation = nil ;
aValue = callcc { | cc |
theContinuation = cc ;
}
...
cc.call(someValue )
I recently watched a video trying to explain , in simple terms , what continuations are .
The quick answer was " Continuations are just the remaining work to be done . "
WTF ?!
I had been wondering what the heck continuations were , but this answer gave me absolutely no clue .
Oh !
Of course !
Theto be !
It makes complete sense now .
Unfortunately , this is one of those explanations that only makes sense if youunderstand what is being explained .
Kind of like ' a Java classpath is just the set of paths where all your classes are ' .
Completely useless to you if you do n't already get it .
Even the examples in the video confused me .
I sort of got it , but not really .
So I started digging into Ruby to see if I could figure it out , given the sparse clues I already had , and you know what ... continuations are so freaking simple that it boggles my mind why it was so difficult to understand them .
Correction :
It does n't boggle my mind ; I know exactly why continuations are confusing .
And so , I hope to once and for all cut through all the confusion and explain what continuations are , and how to use them , insimple terms .
That 's actually thequestion to ask .
The answer will probably confuse you more than necessary .
The better question to start with is :
The answer is quite simple : Wrong metaphor .
The word ' continuation ' provides no clue as to what it does .
In fact , it describes its implementation rather than its purpose .
So , it is necessary for you to understand the implementation before you can understand the purpose .
But for someone new to continuations , this is completely backwards !
We want to understand what continuations are forwe understand how the implementation works .
Could you imagine if a class ' methods were called ' virtual table entries ' ?
Or if floating point numbers were called ' exponentiated mantissas ' ?
Of course , the implementation is important to understand to become an expert , but I should n't need to know exactly how an internal combustion engine works just to drive a car .
You know , I 'm not even going to bother calling them continuations anymore , as that 's a complete red herring .
I 'm going to explain to you a brand - spanking - new concept called ' execution sites ' .
Execution sites allow you to specify ( or mark ) a point of execution in your code , and store a representation of that site in a variable so that you can return to the original site later .
Not only that , but it allows you to pass information back to the original site , so that it evaluates to a different value .
I 'll explain how this works with some simple Ruby code .
( Note that the code below will not work in plain old Ruby .
It requires some simple definitions which I 'll provide at the end of the article .
You can , for now , pretend that this is ' wishful ' Ruby , or Ruby - as - I - would - like - it .
I 'll also use some redundant syntax to make the code more natural to non-Rubyists . ) I need to be able to mark my execution site and store it in a variable , like this :' mark ' is a special keyword ( again , not in real Ruby , but in wishful - Ruby ) that captures the site of execution , wraps it in an object , and returns it .
' the Site ' is simply a local variable where we store the site .
Later on , we can return to the site by using the ' return ' method of the site object , like this :
Here 's a ' hello world ' type of program that uses execution site marking :
This code performs an infinite loop , outputting " Hello , World ! " over and over .
You may be familiar with labels and gotos from other languages , which allow you to do something very similar to this .
Here 's a simple script to demonstrate how gotos and labels work : " So , an execution site is like a goto label ? "
Sort of , but actually more powerful .
First , you can store an execution site in a variable , array , object field , or whatever , so it is more like an object than a label .
Second , labels typically are limited in scope , depending on the language .
For example , you usually can't goto from one method / function to another .
With execution sites , you can return from deep inside some arbitrary code , back to wherever the site was marked :
This code will output " Inside startloop " , " Middle of the loop " , and " Inside endloop " over and over again .
Notice that the main code execution path goes into startloop , marks the execution site , outputs " Inside startloop " , and then returns the execution site .
So , later , when endloop calls ' return ' on the execution site , code execution goes right back inside startloop and outputs " Inside startloop " again .
The site always returns to where it was marked , no matter where that is .
Simple , but potentially much more powerful than a plain goto label .
The third major difference between labels and execution sites is that execution sites rememberabout where they were marked , whereas goto labels are more ' global ' in this aspect .
A label only knows where it is declared , but when you mark an execution site , it remembers how the execution path got there ( such as the method call stack ) and also what local variables have been declared up to that point .
In essence , it stores the complete execution state in a little object so that you can return to that same state at any point in the future .
Here 's an example :
This code outputs the following :
The first two lines of output come from the first time the ' remember ' lines were executed .
Inside the ' remember ' method , the parameter ' aValue ' takes on different values depending on what was passed .
Note that the execution site is markedthe ' remember ' method , so the site will remember the value assigned to the ' aValue ' parameter , as each call to the method essentially creates a separate variable called ' aValue ' .
So , essentially , ' firstSite ' remembers that ' aValue ' is 1234 , and ' secondSite ' remembers that it is " ABCD " .
Not only that , but firstSite remembers that the ' remember ' method call should return to Line A , and secondSite remembers that it should return to Line B .
So local variables , the state of the call stack , and even the exact location in the code are all remembered when an execution site is marked .
When secondSite.return ( ) is called , execution jumps inside the ' remember ' method , where ' aValue ' has the value " ABCD " , and the ' remember ' method will return to Line B .
Hence , we get the fourth line of output , " The value is ABCD " .
By this time , our switch variable , ' siteToReturnTo ' has been updated to cause firstSite.return ( ) to be called .
When this happens , execution jumps again into the ' remember ' method , but this time ' aValue ' has its original value of 1234 , and the method call will return to Line A . ( Note that firstSite and secondSite doremember that ' siteToReturnTo ' was initially given the value of 2 .
Sites remember the variablesnot the values of the variables .
The fact that ' a Value ' exists as a local parameter inside the ' remember ' method makes it act like two distinct variables , one for each method call , which happen to have the same name .
It 's a subtle distinction , and important to keep in mind .
Those familiar with closures and code blocks in Ruby should have no trouble with this . )
Now , this is all fine and dandy , but does n't this make execution sites seem like glorified gotos ?
In essence , that is very much what they are .
Dijkstra 's advice should be heeded : Goto Considered Harmful .
Marking execution sites for the purposes of using them like gotos sounds to me like a recipe for spaghetti .
I like spaghetti for a good meal , but not in my code !
I really believe that execution sites have the potential to royally mess up your code , so I do n't recommend using them without a very good reason .
I would say that it is unlikely that most programmers will code directly with execution sites .
Instead , it is more likely that they would be useful for specialized frameworks and services to give concise ways to express complex solutions to problems .
However , that should n't stop you from playing around with them to get a solid feel for what they do .
Hey , maybe you 'll be the one writing that cool framework or service that uses execution sites .
There is one last capability of execution sites which I 've been holding up my sleeve .
I think this is what makes them truly powerful and useful , and worthy of taking the time to understand them .
I 'll be honest and admit that I personally can not think of very many practical uses for execution sites , although some very practical examples exist .
I imagine that I 'll start to see practical uses as my understanding improves and my imagination catches up with me ( as happened to me with closures and macros ) .
In any case , the final capability : So far , you 've seen that execution sites can mark a place in code execution that can be returned to at some later time .
Would n't it be great if they could also return some useful information back to the original site ?
Then they could be used as a way to ' hold ' a calculation until future information is available that can allow the calculation to ' continue ' ( :-) Maybe , in wishful - Ruby , it could look like this :
This usage of ' mark ' is significantly different than the simple usage of ' mark ' .
In the simple usage , ' mark ' returns the execution site itself :
In the new version , ' mark ' returns a , and the execution site is provided as a parameter to the accompanying code block .
This syntax structure allows us to returnvalues in the future .
The execution site is merely a book - keeping tool that we use to provide this capability .
The first time through the code , ' mark ' captures the execution site , and then executes the code block .
The code block is given the site object as a parameter , called ' site ' in this example .
We store the site object in the local variable ' theSite ' so we can use it later .
Then we return an initial value .
This initial value becomes the value of the ' mark ' expression .
Note that the code block is only executed , when the ' mark ' expression is first evaluated .
You can think of the code block as the initializer which performs book - keeping ( storing the execution site object for future use ) , as well as producing an initial value for the ' mark ' expression .
Thus , the initial value of ' theCalculation ' is 3 , because that 's the value determined by the block , specifically by the expression the Site.return ( initialCalculation ) on Line A .
So the first line of output is " The calculation is 3 " .
Since the site object is stored in ' the Site ' , we can essentially go back and the value of ' theCalculation ' by passing in a different value to return on Line B. Now ' theCalculation ' gets the value 3.1415 , and the second line of output is " The calculation is 3.1415 " .
If we wanted to , we could keep using the site object to return successively better approximations of pi .
This is admittedly a trivial example , but hopefully it will give you a spark to let your imagination consider the possibilities .
So that 's it .
An execution site provides three things :
A way to mark a specific point in execution , including all the important context ; an object which represents the execution site so you can store it , use it , abuse it , or what have you ; and a mechanism to return back to the site mark , optionally returning some useful information .
" Wait a second , you 've just told me about ' execution sites ' .
You just made that crap up .
I want to know whatare , you jerk !
" Whoah , whoah , no need to be upset .
It 's very simple , really .
A ' continuation ' is an ' execution site ' .
You create continuations using a special command named ' callcc ' , which workslike the value - returning version of the ' mark ' command , and you can return to the location of the ' callcc ' by invoking the ' call ' method on the continuation object .
All I 've really done is give better names to the concepts , ' callcc ' becomes ' mark ' , ' continuation ' becomes ' execution site ' , and the ' call ' method becomes ' return ' .
Oh , and I also provide a simplified way to mark sites where you do n't care about the return value and only want to capture a continuation ( oops , I mean execution site ) .
In fact , it 's so simple there are only a few lines of Ruby code which will transform Ruby into wishful - Ruby : So , wishful - Ruby code that looks like this : Looks like this in normal Ruby :
In other words , continuations are cryptic and nearly incomprehensible .
Still not satisfied ?
Okay .
Fine .
A continuation is just a reification of execution context .
Or , in ' simple terms ' , a continuation is just the remaining work to be done .
But you already know that now , do n't you ?
Now if someone could just explain to me what monads are ....
The mistakes have led to some people being turned down for jobs .
The Home Office said the errors arose when personal details were similar to those of people with a conviction , but were " a tiny proportion of cases " .
It said 90 % of disputes were resolved within 21 days and , while errors were regrettable , it would not apologise for its " caution " .
Education Secretary Alan Johnson told the BBC only 0.03 % of the nine million " disclosures " the agency makes had been wrong , so the issue had to be put " into context " .
Emma Budd , from Maesteg , South Wales , lost out on a job she was offered by a children 's charity when she was incorrectly identified by the CRB as a convicted shoplifter .
Emma Budd was wrongly identified as a convicted shoplifter
She said : " Because they sent the CRB check to the employee and the employer at the same time , the job just went out the window .
" Then I had a letter of apology which said it was n't their fault . "
25,000 stopped
The CRB is an executive agency of the Home Office which runs checks for organisations recruiting people to work in positions of trust , often with children .
The Home Office said customer satisfaction about the checks was " now at an all - time high " and said last year 's checks prevented 25,000 unsuitable people being recruited .
The Criminal Records Bureau 's first and foremost priority is to help protect children and vulnerable adults
Home Office spokesman
It said it made " no apology for erring on the side of caution " .
A spokesman said : " The Criminal Records Bureau 's first and foremost priority is to help protect children and vulnerable adults by assisting organisations who are recruiting people into positions of trust .
" We err on the side of caution in these rare cases precisely because it is vital to ensure that the disclosure individuals do not fraudulently try to claim they have no criminal convictions when in fact they have . "
He added that individuals could see the information disclosed about them , so if there had been an error , they could dispute it .
Shadow attorney - general Dominic Grieve said there was no excuse for making mistakes .
" There should be no reason why there should be mismatches of identity , " he said .
" People have identifiers and it ought to be possible to resolve that issue .
Lots of people in this country share the same names . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Nick Clegg said the errors took " Home Office incompetence to new absurd levels " .
He added : " This latest fiasco will erase the last bit of public confidence in the Home Office . "
Photo : Courtesy of Lonelygirl15
There are thousands of people who post video ­diaries on YouTube , and , by all rights , Lonelygirl15 should be just as annoying as the rest of them .
Even more so , actually , since in all likelihood , Lonelygirl15 is a fake .
She ’s a suspiciously photogenic teen who films first - ­person confessionals in her bedroom , detailing the dramas of her so - called life .
Most of them revolve around her ­study - buddy Daniel , who secretly ( okay , not so secretly — is anything a secret in the YouTube world ? ) has a crush on her .
This is all supposedly done without the knowledge of her religious , homeschooling parents .
From her first video , posted June 16 , she ’s doled out new chapters in two - ­minute chunks , each with an alluring title such as “ Boy Problems , ” “ Dad ‘ Talks ’ to Daniel , ” and “ What Did Daniel and Dad Talk About ? ”
And lots of viewers are caught up in her micro-soap ; her videos have totaled almost 2 million views , her “ channel ” is the fourth most popular on YouTube , and the New York Times ’ Virginia Heffernan recently lobbied for her to get her own TV show .
Along the way , people have started questioning whether she even exists , and for good reason :
She ’s just a little too charming , her videos a little too well edited , and her story a little too neatly laid out .
As such , her saga ’s taken on the brimstone whiff of ­viral marketing .
Some skeptical YouTubers are posting short films dedicated to debunking her , while others wave a smoking gun :
The domain name for her fan site was registered a month before her first video went up .
Ironically , her most prominent critic — a YouTuber named ­Gohepcat , a film - geek hipster in mirrored sunglasses and a cowboy hat — has become a mini–YouTube star in his own right .
And because anyone on YouTube can post responses or theories about Lonelygirl ( and plenty have ) , her story now has its own metastasizing , David Lynch–worthy cast :
Not just Lonelygirl , Daniel , and their ­monkey puppet ( do n’t ask ) , but the ­Javert - like Mirrored Cowboy ; her defender , Nerd With the Headset ; a nemesis called Lazydork ; and Richard Feynman .
( Yes , Richard Feynman , the famous physicist .
He does n’t appear personally — it ’s a long story . )
But wait a minute — what if the Mirrored Cowboy is in on it , too ?
After all , networks routinely spray the Internet with fake reality - show spoilers to throw intrepid fans off the scent .
Would n’t this be the ultimate viral - marketing technique — to create not only the cute - girl phenomenon but the she ’s - a - fake controversy as well ?
And what about the other characters ?
Et tu , Headset Nerd ?
Of course , not everyone commenting on Lonelygirl can be part of the hoax ( if it is a hoax ) .
But they ’re all , in their own way , now part of her story .
And presto : Just like that , Lonelygirl ’s tale goes from Web - based melodrama or viral - ­marketing trickery toward something like a brand - new art form .
It ’s the birth of WikiTV : a television show created by a broad community of participants and built not of sequential , hour - long episodes , but of two - ­minute interconnected parcels .
The story line is both linear ( will Daniel get the girl ? ) and expansive ( enter the Mirrored Cowboy ! ) , and anyone can join in .
I , for example , could don a tuxedo and eye patch , and post a video claiming that the Cowboy ’s a double agent .
Then someone could post a video refuting me , now known as the Dapper Pirate .
Which means that , of all the possible outcomes to the Lonelygirl story , the one in which she actually turns out to be just some cute teen with preternatural editing skills will be the least interesting of all .
The second - least - interesting outcome — and the one I dread , and half - expect — is that once her page views reach critical mass , she ’ll start popping open the Mountain Dews and talking about how deliciously refreshing they are .
The best scenario is that she ’s a sleeper agent in the employ of MTV , or VH1 , or some as - yet - unidentified entity , and that others will follow her fictional lead .
Imagine how much fun J. J. Abrams of Lost could have with a YouTube - based conspiracy story .
Or forget that — imagine what fun you could have with a camera , a computer , and a catchy idea .
Of course , as a necessary side effect , YouTube will be flooded with crap .
( Or even more flooded with crap . )
But the weak story lines will wither and the smartly crafted ones will blossom , just as Lonely­girl ’s have .
And maybe this , and not some NBC shows for sale on iTunes , is the future of television — or the promised land of a new narrative form .
If so , we might look back at Lonelygirl15 as Moses with a monkey puppet .
顔を自動認識できるというウェブアルバムサービス、riyaが使えるようになっていると知ったので使ってみました。
http://riya.com/
これは凄いです 。
写真をアップロードすると、勝手に「顔がどこにあるか」を認識してくれます。それが誰かをriyaに教えていくと覚えてくれて、他の写真も「その顔は誰か」を認識してくれます。
さらに、写真の中にあるテキスト（この写真だとかばんにある「Emerging」とかの文字）も自動的に認識してくれて、あとから検索できます。
" People " ページでは自分が名前をつけた人たちが一覧で表示されて、まだriyaに誰かを教えていない人がリストアップされるので、そこからさらにその人を教えていくとどんどん自動で認識していってくれます。
これが僕のアルバムの中 の" Naoya Ito " の写真一覧 。
顔が認識されていく様子が楽しくて、ついついどんどんアップロードしてしまいます。アルバムをパブリックにすると、さらに他の人の写真とかともつながり始めるということで、そうしてしまいたい欲求に駆られます。
TechCrunchの人が、
In fact , Riya could become so ubiquitous as to actually cause real privacy concerns .
One question I asked the team today was - “ what if you get so much data on people that I could take a picture of a crowd , upload it to Riya , and instantly have the names of every single person in the crowd ? ”
Apparently , their technology is not that powerful - yet .
Riya ’s ability to know who ’s in a photo is largely based on who you are and the people you are connected to .
とか書いてますけど、確かに街で適当に撮った写真をRiyaにあげてそれが誰かを調べる、とかが出来てしまうとちょっと大変ですね。
Story Highlights • NATO leaders agree to ease restrictions on rules of engagement
• Altered combat rules mean up to 26,000 troops now " more useable "
• Rapid response force will allow NATO troops to be deployed more quickly
Adjust font size :
RIGA , Latvia ( CNN ) -- NATO leaders meeting in the Latvian capital Riga have agreed to ease some restrictions governing rules of engagement in Afghanistan , but only in emergency situations .
The national caveats -- rules on where , when and how allied troops operate in Afghanistan -- have been the focus of a NATO summit , where leaders of 26 member nations have been meeting for two days .
A NATO spokesman said Wednesday an extra 26,000 of the 32,000 Allied troops in Afghanistan were now " more usable " for combat with the lifting of some national caveats .
He said some nations had agreed their troops could be used in more " emergency " situations , and that there was also an Allied commitment for more helicopters and more fighter aircraft to the Afghan mission .
The leaders of the military alliance declared in a joint statement their ongoing support for Afghanistan .
" It is winnable , it is being won , but not yet won , " said NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer .
With commitments to emergency situations only , France , Germany , Italy and Spain have continued to stress their troops will not be joining US , British , Canadian and Dutch troops fighting the Taliban in troubled areas in the south and the east .
" This has been our clear position from the beginning , " Italian Premier Romano Prodi said after a dinner on Tuesday .
" That also goes for the French president , the German chancellor and the Spanish . "
A Spanish official told Reuters that Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero had offered use of Spanish helicopters in exceptional circumstances to help evacuate wounded NATO soldiers .
At a news conference in Riga , de Hoop Scheffer also announced that Serbia , Bosnia - Herzegovina and Montenegro would be offered " Partnerships for Peace , " the first step on the road to membership to the military alliance .
( Full story )
The announcement represented a reversal in NATO policy as Serbia and Bosnia have been under intense pressure to hand over war criminals before they could be welcomed into the fold .
A spokesperson for chief U.N. war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte in the Hague told Reuters she regretted NATO 's change in position " because it looks like a reward for not fully cooperating with the prosecutor . "
Unified Afghan approach
The secretary - general also said in his speech that a group of countries to assist with Afghanistan 's reconstruction -- proposed by French President Jacques Chirac -- would also be formed .
" Heads and state and government have tasked me to forward proposals on the possibility of a Contact Group , " said de Hoop Scheffer .
He also urged greater co-operation between NATO , the United Nations , the European Union and the World Bank on rebuilding Afghanistan , and urged nations to donate more money to reconstruction efforts in the war - torn country .
( NATO allies disagree )
" The bottom line I think is that ... five years after the fall of the Taliban , Afghanistan is making real progress to build a society that is democratic under Afghan ownership , the Afghan people and the Afghan government have the responsibility and that is no longer a threat to the world , " he said .
The secretary - general also said a new rapid response force would be created that would allow NATO troops to be deployed more quickly .
The NATO Response Force ( NRF ) , with a troop strength of up to 25,000 soldiers , will play " a vital part in the Alliance 's response to a rapidly emerging crisis , " NATO leaders said in a joint statement on the force .
' Ironing out '
CNN 's European Political Editor Robin
Oakley said the countries were still trying to iron out differences on the Afghan mission , principally on the restrictions related to caveats .
" There seems to be an agreement -- although they will maintain restrictions -- they will agree that in extremis , in times of great peril for NATO forces , the forces may be able to assist the fighting in Helmand , in the south , " he said .
Oakley also said there would be debate about expanding NATO 's relations beyond Europe , to include partnerships with Australia , New Zealand , Japan and South Korea .
He said greater training initiatives were expected to be announced later Wednesday .
The alliance also released a document providing political guidance for military operations over the next 10 to 15 years .
" This environment continues to change ; it is and will be complex and global , and subject to unforeseeable developments , " said the statement .
" International security developments have an increasing impact on the lives of the citizens of allied and other countries .
Terrorism , increasingly global in scope and lethal in results , and the spread of weapons of mass destruction are likely to be the principal threats to the alliance . "
Chax for Mac OS X
Chax is no longer under active development and does not work with any versions of OS X later than Snow Leopard ( 10.6 ) .
Chax 's source code is available on GitHub .
You can still download versions of Chax for older versions of Mac OS X :
Chax is a collection of minor modifications and additions that make using Apple 's iChat more enjoyable .
Removing Chax
There are two ways to remove Chax .
The quickest way is to run the Chax installer and select " Remove " .
If you 've upgraded to a newer version of Mac OS X and need to manually remove Chax , open ~/ Library / ScriptingAdditions ( ~ indicates your home folder ) and move ChaxAddition.osax to the trash .
After logging out and back in , empty the trash .
Features
Unified contact list shows all contacts from all accounts in one window
Growl notifications for new messages and users changing status
Automatically resize the contact list to fit the number of visible users
Powerful , searchable log viewer that can also browse images and URLs from past conversations
Activity log that displays your contacts ' status changes
Auto - accept file transfers , AV chats , and screen sharing requests
Always on top option for contact list , message windows and AV chats
Set font of names , status messages , and group separators
Option to immediately display new messages , skipping the notification window
Show status changes directly in the message window
Additional unread message notifications in the Dock
Automatically hide chat windows and contact lists when iChat is inactive
Toggle text status visibility of users
Properly use ICQ accounts without sending text formatting in messages
FAQ
Version History
Acknowledgements
Chax is currently localized to these languages :
English
Dutch ( Martijn Körvers )
French ( Yann Ricquebourg )
German ( Christoph Schmitz )
Polish ( Pawel Labunko )
Russian ( Denis Avdeev )
Spanish ( Pau Aguilar )
Disclaimer
Chax comes with no warranty .
Any damage caused to your computer , however unlikely , is your own responsibility .
Screenshots
Bodies of 2 Navy SEALs found in Afghanistan
One member of American team remains missing
Senior Chief Petty Officer Dan Healy was one of eight Navy SEALs killed in last week 's chopper crash .
RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Afghanistan Military Unrest , Conflicts and War or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The bodies of two Navy SEALs have been found in Afghanistan a week after their four - man team went missing , the U.S. military said Tuesday .
One SEAL remains missing ; another was rescued and is expected to make a full recovery , according to a statement from the U.S. - led Coalition Press Information Center .
( Full story )
The two SEALs were found Monday during a combat search and rescue operation in Kunar province , the statement said .
They were taken to a U.S. military hospital at Bagram Air Base , where they were pronounced dead .
The two bodies have not been identified , and the U.S. military has notified the families of all three missing SEALs .
The small reconnaissance team was heard from last when it called in for reinforcements June 28 near the Afghan - Pakistan border .
The SEALs were participating in Operation Red Wing against insurgents in Kunar .
An American military helicopter crashed while bringing the reinforcements to the team , killing all 16 service members on board .
( Full story )
It was the worst single - day death toll for U.S. forces since the Afghan war began almost four years ago .
( Casualties identified ) The U.S. military says it believes insurgents shot down the MH - 47 helicopter .
On Friday , the United States launched an airstrike on a compound that military officials described as a " known operating base for terrorist attacks . "
The compound was sheltering insurgents connected to last week 's chopper downing , military officials said .
Gov. Asadullah Wafa of Kunar province told news agencies that 17 civilians , including some women and children , were killed in the strike .
In a statement Monday , the Coalition Press Information Center said the number of civilians and " enemy terrorists " killed was unknown .
The statement said that a " medium - level terrorist leader " used the compound as a base and the airstrike was hastily ordered for fear the leader would leave the site .
" Certainly loss of innocent lives is something that anyone putting together an operation tries to avoid , so loss of innocent lives is something that our forces avoid , " said Lt. Cindy Moore , a spokeswoman for U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Moore also said it was common for " enemy forces " to move their families into areas where they are conducting operations , thus putting innocent civilians at risk .
CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Tenki no ko ( 2019 ) Cast : Kotaro Daigo , Nana Mori , Tsubasa Honda , Sakura Kiryu , Sei Hiraizumi , Yuki Kaji , Chieko Baisho , Shun Oguri Director : Makoto Shinkai Writer : Makoto Shinkai Synopsis : Tokyo is currently experiencing rain showers that seem to disrupt the usual pace of everyone living there to no end .
Amidst this seemingly eternal ... [ MORE ]
71
With Vista just released to manufacturing , Bill Gates told reporters in Europe that antitrust concerns had not caused Microsoft to cut features from the operating system .
Gates insisted that " the idea that we should make Windows better is a pretty pro-consumer idea , " according to the Wall Street Journal .
Although his company has had discussions for years with regulators , Gates said that none of them ever insisted that specific features be removed from Vista .
The main regulator that concerns Microsoft is the European Commission , which has already fined the software giant millions of euros and has entertained visits from many Microsoft rivals .
The Commission has repeatedly said that it will not issue an approval to products in advance , since doing so would amount to government censorship .
And while the Commission itself may not have asked Microsoft to remove any features , the company was certainly aware of what competitors were making trips to Brussels .
These included several security vendors concerned about the expansion of Microsoft 's security offerings , and Gates had nothing postive to say about his rivals .
He told reporters that competitors wanted to " castrate " the new operating system , which begs the obvious question : if Vista gets castrated , does it just become one of many UNIX ?
Competitors did convince Microsoft to make some changes , but the company argues that it has not made Vista any less secure as a result .
Sven Hallauer , the Director of Program Management at Microsoft , said in a separate statement that " security is top of mind for all who work at Microsoft . "
He pointed to the company 's Secure Development Lifecycle plan for writing better code as an example of the process changes that Microsoft has made in order to increase security .
Hallauer claims that an analysis of reported problems with Windows XP shows that the majority of them would be eliminated or reduced simply by switching to Vista .
Business users can find out whether the hype matches the reality on November 30 , when Microsoft is planning a launch party for its corporate customers .
Consumers will have to wait until January 30 .
『 Rubyソースコード完全解説』サポートページ
$ Id : index.html , v 1.9 2006/01/23 12:39:30 aamine Exp $
2002 年 12 月にインプレスから出版された書籍 『 Rubyソースコード完全解析』のサポートページです。
14 章・11 章・16 章に致命的な間違いが見付かりました。 14 章については長くなったので特設ページで解説をやりなおします。
11 章の EXPR_CMDARG
の間違いと 16 章の ruby_dyna_vars の間違いは短かったので正誤表に入れました。 不正確な内容のまま出版してしまったことを 改めて読者の皆様にお詫びいたします 。
書籍版に関する情 報
以下は書籍の諸元です。
書名 Rubyソースコード完全解説 出版社 インプレス ページ数 552P サイズ・判型 B5 変型判 著者 青木峰郎 著、まつもとゆきひろ 監修 JANコー ド 9784844317210 ISBNコー ド 4-8443-1721-0
書籍 『Rubyソースコード完全解説』はインプレスダイレクトで御予約・御購入いただけます。
書籍紹介ページ ：
http://direct.ips.co.jp/directsys/go_x_TempChoice.cfm?sh_id=EE0040&spm_id=1&GM_ID=1721
HTML 版
『 Rubyソースコード完全解説』の本文を HTML 形式で無償公開しています。
( 2004-02 - 17 ) 全章を公開しました 。
初校の修正を紙上で行ってしまったたため、現在公開しているのは初校段階の原稿です。
従って書籍では修正されているところがまだ修正されていない場合があります。
順番に修正していくつもりではいますが、いつ修正できるとは断言できません。 予め御了承願います。
なお、その逆に一部の章が出版時より新しい場合もあります。
読書会
『 Rubyソースコード完全解説』の読書会が東京で行われていました。
各回の記録は以下のページに残っています。
「 Ruby Hacking Guide」という表記に関し て
『 Rubyソースコード完全解説』は企画〜執筆段階では
『 Ruby Hacking Guide』という名前でした。 表紙に Ruby Hacking Guide とあったりするのはその名残です。 またその頭文字をとった RHG ( rhg ) もあちこちで使われています。 本文中の表記については変更したのですが、ファイル名を変えてしまうと 変なところで同期が取れなくなる恐れがあるのでファイル名はそのまま残しました。
ちなみに本編の最終章最終 節「 Ruby Hacking Guide 」 も そこから名付けられています。あれは本の題名と 節のキャプションが一致するからこそ意味があるのですが、 題名が変わったことで凄まじく間抜けになってしまいました。
Copyright ( c ) 2002 -2006 Minero Aoki ,
All rights reserved .
Syndromes of Forgotten Programmers
Editor ’s note : This essay originally appeared in the August , 1991 issue of Software Maintenance News , which was published by founder and Editor - in - Chief Nicholas Zvegintzov between 1983 and 1994 .
Nothing in my Computer Science curriculum prepared me for life as a maintenance programmer .
In my first tour of duty , I inherited a mixed bag of programs .
Some were written in - house over several decades .
Others were written by consultants who had disappeared .
Some had been obtained from other shops and adapted ( as little as possible ) to our needs .
Most had withstood a Honeywell - to - IBM conversion .
Others were further subjected to a VSAM - to - SQL conversion .
As I approach the four - year mark in my career , and before I become a jaded professional , I thought I would document some accepted programming practices my Computer Science professors forgot to teach me .
The Rube Goldberg Syndrome
Rube Goldberg was a cartoonist famous for incredibly complex solutions to life ’s simpler problems .
His programming counterparts never tire of demonstrating to everyone what incredibly complex and talented programmers they are ... even in simple situations that do n’t call for it .
The Mother Hen Syndrome
Mother
Hens have a bad case of nesting instinct , at least when it comes to IF .. THEN ..ELSE constructs .
I recently had to debug a program with 14 levels of nested IFs .
These probably do not occur as often as they seem .
It ’s just that if over - nested IFs exist in a program a debugging trail generally leads to them .
The Garbage Collector Syndrome
Garbage Collectors are incapable of deleting a line of code , no matter how useless or obsolete it might be .
The programs they work on resemble mazes , full of commented - out code and unused modules .
Imagine what these programs will be like in another 10 - 20 years !
The Cryptographer Syndrome
The Cryptographer refuses to take advantage of one of COBOL ’s few advantages — 30 - character variable and paragraph names — which makes possible descriptive and meaningful names .
So why name a variable XYZ ?
Or name a paragraph 725 - DO - IT ?
These programmers probably spend the programming time they save working cryptographs .
While maintenance programmers slave away on overtime trying to decipher the Cryptographer ’s code .
The New Math Syndrome
Or I assume it must be New Math , since we did n’t count that way when I was in school ....
I thought the purpose of using numbered prefixes for program modules was to make them easier to identify and locate .
But the New Math programmer is quite comfortable having program module 250 - precede module 200- , which is after module 900 - , etc .
Or how about 32 modules , all prefixed 400-?
The Also Known As Syndrome
This syndrome is evidenced by single data elements referenced under a variety of names .
There is no greater joy for a maintenance programmer than thinking you ’ve located the last reference to a variable , only to find it is moved to a new name and the tracking process begins anew .
The Clone Syndrome
Cloners have never written a program from scratch .
They find an existing program that somewhat resembles the current assignment and change only as much code as needed to make it work .
If you follow this method , be sure not to change any variable or paragraph names to reflect the new situation , and do not delete any unused code .
That would make life too easy for maintenance programmers .
The Railroad Engineer Syndrome
The Railroad Engineer is switch happy .
Instead of taking the time to understand a program ’s logic and weave in a solution , the Railroad Engineer ’s answer is another special purpose program switch .
But for every n switches , there are 2n possible combinations of switch settings to boggle the minds of maintenance programmers .
The Author Unknown Syndrome
When I first found programs with no author listed , I thought I had found Gerald Weinberg ’s " Egoless Programmers . "
After debugging and amending many of these anonymous programs I understand the real reason .
I ’d be ashamed to associate my name with programs like these also .
Count me in favor of adding a course in software maintenance to Computer Science curriculums .
I envision a course where professors hand out programs written by other students in previous semesters .
The student ’s task is to make modification to the program or add a new function .
Learning to read another programmer ’s code was the biggest ingredient missing from my preparation for the real world .
Kevin Cauble is a Programmer / Analyst at a small liberal arts college in North Carolina .
He has also been published in Software Maintenance News and The Software Practitioner .
Kevin can be reached through the editorial staff of developer .*.
[ IWE ]
Why Lisp macros are cool , a Perl perspective
MJD is one of the well - known Perl hackers .
He 's also just written a very good book called Higher Order Perl .
Here 's his take on what is great about Lisp 's macro system .
Cheers , Ben ----------
Forwarded message ----------
From : Mark Jason Dominus < mjd@plover.com >
Date : Jul 28 , 2005 11:16 PM
Subject : Re : HOP -vs- SICP To : hop-discuss@plover.com
Bennett Todd : > ... blinded by the superficial > ickiness of lisp ( ref lwall " visual appeal of oatmeal with > fingernail clippings mixed in )
As I think I said in the " Perl Review " interview , this is not just a matter of personal taste .
Some people do n't like Lisp syntax , but it has several major technical advantages over its competitors .
One obvious advantage is that there hardly * is* any syntax .
You can learn enough Lisp syntax to write useful programs in about ten minutes .
This was driven home to me when I was in my first year of college .
I was hanging around a fratenity house , talking to Paul , one of the brothers , who was a physics major .
He was taking a class that was given every spring that covered four different programming languages for three weeks each .
Paul told me that he liked Lisp * because * there was hardly any syntax to remember , and it was all simple .
" Everything 's an expression , " he said .
" Every expresion gets evaluated .
If you do n't want it evaluated , you put a quote on it .
Simple . "
But a bigger advantage is that it makes it possible to write Lisp programs that reliably generate and transform Lisp source code .
If you 're not used to Lisp , it 's hard to imagine how tremendously useful this is .
People who come from the Perl and C world have a deep suspicion of source code transformation , because it 's invariably unreliable .
C's macro system , for example , is so unreliable that you can't even define a simple macro like # define square ( x ) x*x without falling afoul of all sorts of horrible traps .
First , you have to realize that this wo n't work : 2/square ( 10 ) because it expands to : 2/10 *10 which is 2 , but you wanted 0.02 .
So you need this instead : # define square ( x ) ( x * x )
But then you have to know that this wo n't work : square ( 1+1 ) because it expands to ( 1+1 * 1+1 ) which is 3 , but you wanted 4 .
So you need this instead : # define square ( x ) ( ( x ) * ( x ) )
But then you have to know that this wo n't work : x =3D 2 ; square ( x++ ) because it expands to ( ( x++ ) *( x++ ) ) which is 159.8 , but you wanted 4 .
So you need this instead : int MYTMP ; # define square( x ) ( MYTMP =3D ( x ) , MYTMP * MYTMP ) but now it only works for ints ; you can't do square ( 3.5 ) any more .
To really fix this you have to use nonstandard extensions , something like : # define square ( x ) ( {typedef xtype =3D x ; xtype xval =3D x ; xval * xva= l ; })
And that 's just to get trivial macros , like " square ( ) " , to work .
If you want to do anything interesting , your best strategy is to give up as soon as possible .
For example , let 's use the C macro system to define a " strswitch " construction so that strswitch ( expr ) { case " foo " : do_foo ( ) ; break ; case " bar " : do_bar ( ) ; break ; default : do_default ( ) ; break ; } is transformed to _tmp = 3D expr ; if ( strcmp ( _tmp , " foo " ) = 3D=3D 0 ) { do_foo( ) ; } else if ( strcmp ( _tmp , " bar " ) = 3D=3D 0 ) { do_bar ( ) ; } else { do_default ( ) ; } at compile time .
With the C macro system ?
Are you insane ?
HA HA HA HA !
A few years ago I gave a conference talk in which I asserted that the C++ macro system blows goat dick .
This remark has since become somewhat notorious , and the C++ fans hate me for it .
But I did not think at the time that this would be controversial .
I was sure that even the most rabid C++ fans would agree with me that the C++ macro system blows goat dick , for the reasons I have just described .
In short : because it can hardly do anything useful , and because the very few things it can do are difficult and complicated and fraught with perilous traps for the unwary .
I really thought they would all say " Yes , I love C++ , in spite of its awful macro system . "
As usual , I forgot what rabid programming language fans are like ; they can and will defend any system , no matter how dysfunctional , as long as it's * their * dysfunctional sytem .
Speaking of dysfunctional systems :
As I think I mentioned in the _Perl Review_ interview , source filters in Perl are so unreliable that just recently I was reading over the code for Perl6 : : Subs , a module by Chip Salzenberg , a Perl master wizard of master wizards , and the documentation says quite bluntly : BUGS
This module is a source filter .
Source filters always break .
And he 's right .
They always break .
And everyone knows they always break .
We take it for granted .
In Lisp , source filters never break .
Never .
In Lisp , the ** assignment operator ** is a macro , implemented by a source filter .
Every time you perform an assignment , you are invoking a macro that analyzes the source code at compile time and rewrites it to something else .
If source filters were even 0.01 % unreliable in Lisp , one assignment in 10,000 would compile wrong , and none of your programs would ever work properly .
But they do work properly .
That is how reliable source filters are in Lisp .
How does Lisp attain this reliability ?
In most programming languages , syntax is complex .
Macros have to take apart program syntax , analyze it , and reassemble it .
They do not have access to the program 's parser , so they have to depend on heuristics and best - guesses .
Sometimes their cut -rate analysis is wrong , and then they break .
But Lisp is different .
Lisp macros * do* have access to the parser , and it is a really simple parser .
A Lisp macro is not handed a string , but a preparsed piece of source code in the form of a list , because the source of a Lisp program is not a string ; it is a list .
And Lisp programs are really good at taking apart lists and putting them back together .
They do this reliably , every day .
Here is an extended example .
Lisp has a macro , called " setf " , that performs assignment .
The simplest form of setf is ( setf x whatever ) which sets the value of the symbol " x " to the value of the expression " whatever " .
Lisp also has lists ; you can use the " car " and " cdr " functions to get the first element of a list or the rest of the list , respectively .
Now what if you want to replace the first element of a list with a new value ?
There is a standard function for doing that , and incredibly , its name is even worse than " car " .
It is " rplaca " .
But you do not have to remember " rplaca " , because you can write ( setf ( car somelist ) whatever ) to set the car of somelist .
What is really happening here is that " setf " is a macro .
At compile time , it examines its arguments , and it sees that the first one has the form ( car SOMETHING ) .
It says to itself " Oh , the programmer is trying to set the car of somthing .
The function to use for that is ' rplaca ' . "
And it quietly rewrites the code in place to : ( rplaca somelist whatever )
There is also a function " nth " that gets the n'th element of a list ; if you want to modify the 3rd element of some list , you can use : ( setf ( nth 2 somelist ) whatever )
The setf macro sees this and says to itself , " Oh , you are trying to set the third element of something .
I know how to do that .
I will use the special nonstandard builtin function ' setnth ' "
And it quietly rewrites your " setf " form to : ( setnth 2 somelist whatever ) A different Lisp system might rewrite it differently .
Symbols also have " properties " , which are sort of like built - in hashes ; every symbol has one of these hashes attached , and each property has a name and a value .
You access the value associated with the " foo " property of symbol " x " with the " get " function : ( get x foo )
How do you set the value associated with the " foo " property ?
Oh , you use " setf " , which rewrites ( setf ( get x foo ) 1 ) to ( LET * (( # : G847 X ) ( #: G848 FOO ) ) ( MULTIPLE-VALUE-BIND ( #: G850 ) 1 ( COMMON -LISP ::%PUT #: G847 #:G848 #:G850 ) ) ) but you do n't have to know that .
It just works .
Suppose you have defined your own ( annoyingness x ) function to get the degree to which x is annoying , and ( set- annoyingness - of x 1000 ) to set the annoyingness of x to 1000 .
You can use the " defsetf " facility so that ( setf ( annoyingness something ) 1000 ) expands at compile time to ( set - annoyingness - of something 1000 ) or whatever else you prefer , and then nobody has to know about set - annoyingness - of , because they can just use setf as usual .
That 's a good thing , because " set-annoyingnes - of " is pretty annoying itself .
Compare this with Perl , where there is a very limited set of things that can appear on the left - hand side of an assignment : $ x =3D ... @x =3D ... %x =3D ... $ x [...] =3D ... $ x{...} =3D ... @x [ ...] =3D ... @x {...} =3D ... $ x ->[...] =3D ... $ x ->{...} =3D ... pos (... ) = 3D ... vec (... ) = 3D ... substr (... ) = 3D ...
And it was a big deal in recent years that this was extended so that f( ... ) =3D ... would work if f was specially declared " lvalue " .
Maybe you would like this to work : $ x =3D " foo:bar: baz " ; ( $x =3D ~ /( b\w + ) :( \w+ ) / ) = 3D ( " far " , " raw " ) ; and leave " foo : far : raw " in $ x .
No , too bad .
That is impossible , unless perhaps you are Gurusamy Sarathy or Dave Mitchell .
But in Lisp , it is just a matter of defsetf - ing the " match " function .
Maybe you would like this to work in Perl : sqrt ( $x ) =3D 12 ; and now $x contains 144 .
No , too bad .
That is impossible , or at least extremely difficult .
( Maybe you could do something ridiculous , like replacing the built - in sqrt ( ) with a user - defined " lvalue " sub that tied its argument or something .
Oy . )
In Lisp , you can do it , and it is straightforward and simple .
My experience with Lisp can be summed up as " next to nothing " , but I still figured out how to do it in about ten minutes .
It 's : ( defmacro set - sqrt ( place v ) `( setf , place (* v v ) ) ) ( defsetf sqrt set - sqrt )
The " defmacro " defines a new macro , called " set - sqrt " , that expects two arguments : a " place " ( that 's Lisp jargon for an lvalue expression ) and a value v ; then it uses " setf " to set the value stored in the place to v*v .
The " defsetf " tells setf that if anyone ever does ( setf ( sqrt something ) number ) it should rewrite this to ( set - sqrt something number ) which in turn will be rewritten to ( setf something (* number number ) )
So we not only get the option to say ( setf ( sqrt x ) 12 ) which is eventually rewritten to ( setf x (* 12 12 ) ) and x becomes 144 , but we can also say ( setf ( sqrt ( car somelist ) ) 12 ) and set the head of the list to 144 .
But to enable all this , setf must be able to reliably analyze its argument and decide what it looks like .
Lisp 's uniform , simple syntax renders this possible .
In Perl , setf would have to take apart a string and figure out what all the punctuation meant , and hope that nothing had been redefined in a weird way , and hope that no weird syntactic exceptions had come up ( ha ! ) , and so on , and so on .
In HOP 's preface , I said : The book _Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming_ , by Peter Norvig , includes a section titled " What Makes Lisp Different ? " that describes seven features of Lisp .
Perl shares six of these features .
Which one is missing ?
" Uniform syntax . "
Norvig was one of the technical reviewers for HOP , and asked in one of his reports why I spent so little space in the book discussing source code generation .
I think only a Lisp expert would have asked that .
Source code generation is unreliable and inadvisable in every language except Lisp .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
Here 's a five - step plan guaranteed to make an obscure company absolutely notorious .
First get into a business you do n't understand , selling to customers who barely understand it either .
Then roll out your product without adequate testing .
Do n't hire enough skilled people .
When people notice problems , deny , obfuscate and ignore .
Finally , blame your critics when it all blows up in your face .
Vote here : The AccuVote - TSx is light , easy - to - use , accurate - and controversial .
More from Fortune Will Mmmhops be a hit ?
NBA confirms L.A. Clippers sale to ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer
FBI and SEC probe into Carl Icahn and golfer Phil Mickelson
Ballot - box blues
Think electronic voting 's a joke ?
There 's never been an infallible ballot .
Method Paper ballot Lever Machine Punch Card Optical scan Electronic
In use since 1700s 1890s 1960s 1960s 1970s Pros
It 's tangible , recountable , and simple to use .
Instant results and easily tested : Just look at the counter .
Ballots can be counted and recounted quickly .
It counts every vote , and recounts are easy .
Counts every vote instantly and accurately .
Cons Difficult and time - consuming to count in large quantities Votes can not be recounted .
Machines jam .
Eminently hackable .
And remember hanging chads ?
Ballots can get stuck together during tabulation , losing votes .
Some do n't have a paper audit trail ; reliability and operating problems .
How to cheat Stuff the ballot box ; bribe the vote counters Tamper with the mechanical counter Punch an extra hole in the ballot to disqualify it .
Tamper with the ballot or hack its computer software Hire a computer programmer with time and access .
Use in U.S. counties 0.19 % 7 % 0.24 % 49 % 38 % Source : Election Data Services
* Numbers do not add up to 100 % because some counties use two or more systems .
With missteps like those , it would be hard to succeed in the gumball business .
But when your product is the hardware and software of democracy itself , that kind of performance gets you called not just incompetent but evil - an enemy of democracy .
And that is what has happened to Diebold Inc. ( Charts ) of Canton , Ohio , since it got into the elections business in 2001 .
The move seemed like a good idea at the time .
The $ 3 billion public company , whose core products are ATMs , bank vaults and security systems , had just sold 186,000 voting machines to Brazil , where they delivered a quick and clean count in the 2000 elections .
Surely , Diebold reasoned , it could duplicate this success closer to home .
" We thought if we got this right , " says Thomas Swidarski , the company 's CEO and president , " then we could do it across the globe . "
But faster than you can say hanging chad , things went wrong .
In early 2003 , activists found a version of Diebold 's secret software on the Internet .
The code had so many security flaws that one group would later post a video of a chimpanzee changing votes .
Weeks later , Diebold 's then - CEO Walden O'Dell famously wrote to fellow Bush supporters in a fundraising letter that he was committed to " help Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the President . "
It did n't take long for political activists , many of them already suspicious of the new voting technology , to begin diving through the company 's dumpsters and picketing its shareholder meetings .
Though other voting - machine companies have also had their difficulties , it is " the dreaded Diebold , " as one blogger on Daily Kos refers to it , that stirs up the likes of Michael Moore .
" The reason Diebold gets so much heat , " says activist Bev Harris , author of " Black Box Voting : Ballot Tampering in the 21st Century , " " is not because they 're any worse than their competitors .
It 's because we got more information on them early on . "
The drumbeat of bad news has never stopped .
This year , researchers have found more security flaws , and another version of the software was leaked .
In Maryland , Diebold allegedly knew that some of its machines had defective motherboards but did not replace them for a year .
Both candidates for governor there advised their supporters to vote via absentee ballot rather than use Diebold machines .
Rolling Stone published an article alleging that Diebold helped deliver Georgia to the GOP ( Diebold calls the story " fiction " ) .
The company is an unwitting star in a new HBO documentary called " Hacking Democracy . "
Oh , and the SEC is investigating accounting irregularities .
Deep in a corporate nightmare , Diebold is wondering how to shake itself awake .
After all , this is a 147 - year - old company once headed by Eliot Ness , the storied crime fighter .
Internally there is little doubt that the company rues the day it stepped out of its comfort zone and into the maw of electoral politics .
Selling political equipment to politicians is an ugly business - and thanks to lawsuits , lobbying expenses and public relations consultants , the profit margins have been stingy too .
( The voting division , which accounts for just 5 percent of the $ 3 billion company 's revenue , only started making money last year . )
But after a close look at Diebold and its operations , it 's hard to see the company as evil .
Naive ?
Yes .
Ignorant ?
Sure .
Stupid ?
Sometimes .
" We did n't know a whole lot about the elections business when we went into it , " admits Swidarski .
" Here we are , a bunch of banking folks thinking making voting machines would be similar to making ATMs .
We 've learned some pretty painful lessons . "
A history of success
A cow , a lantern , and a straw - filled barn made Charles Diebold ( pronounced DEE - bold ) a household name in the banking world .
It was the night of Oct. 8 , 1871 , when , as legend has it , the Great Chicago Fire started in Mrs. O'Leary 's cowshed .
When 878 Diebold safes survived with their contents unharmed , business took off .
Canton became known as " Little Germany , " thanks to the thousands of immigrants who flocked to work in the Diebold factories .
( German immigrants arriving in New York reportedly only had to say " Diebold " for directions to Canton - bound trains . )
By the beginning of the 20th century , the company was making jails , trapdoors for gallows , and padded cells for asylums .
During World War II it made armor plating for tanks and airplanes .
Then , in the 1960s , the company bet its future on a speculative technology : automated teller machines .
Diebold quickly became a global market leader .
But it stayed intensely Midwestern , content to manufacture its machines locally and allow companies like IBM ( Charts ) to distribute them overseas .
In the mid-1990s , however , when rival NCR ( Charts ) passed it to become the market leader , Diebold changed tactics and took control of its worldwide distribution ( today its share is 30 percent ) .
The company began buying up suppliers around the world , including a Brazilian ATM maker , Procomp Amazonia , in October 1999 .
Entering the political sphere
Around the same time , the Brazilian government was looking to fully automate its election system .
Procomp got the $ 106 million contract - Diebold 's largest ever - to make 186,000 identical electronic voting machines for the 2000 election .
At the exact same time that Florida 's officials were haggling over butterfly ballots , Brazil 's were congratulating themselves on a clean and tidy result .
Emboldened by Diebold 's success in Brazil , CEO Walden O'Dell set out to ensure that the company got a serious piece of the U.S. elections business .
The first problem was that the Brazilian machines were n't sophisticated enough for the U.S. market and could n't be certified quickly .
So O'Dell needed to buy a company to get into the market for the 2002 midterm elections .
In June 2001 , Diebold announced it was acquiring Global Electronic Systems , based in McKinney , Texas , for about $ 30 million .
Global was a $ 7 million operation that made most of its money printing ballots for its optical - scan reading machine .
Its touch - screen system , the Accu - Vote - TS , was n't a big seller .
Nothing was a big seller then .
The elections business was populated by a couple dozen private firms that often literally sold equipment out of the back of their cars .
That 's because their customers were poor .
U.S. elections are intensely local affairs , run by more than 3,000 separate counties .
Buying new equipment was a luxury .
If county commissioners had to choose between filling a pothole or buying new voting equipment , the pothole invariably won .
That all changed when Congress passed the Help America Vote Act in 2002 .
With it came $ 3.9 billion in grants for states to replace punch - card and mechanical - lever machines and to set up statewide voter lists .
Local election officials soon found themselves inundated by high - powered lobbyists .
" I do n't think those election boards had ever seen as many dinners out , " says Paul Tipps , a prominent Democrat who lobbied for Diebold in Ohio .
With its main rivals - Oakland , Calif. - based Sequoia Voting Systems and Omaha , Neb. - based Election Systems & Software - making inroads in Florida , Diebold targeted other states .
In March 2002 , just two months after it completed its purchase of Global , Maryland put in a $ 13 million order to equip four counties with touch - screen machines .
In May , Georgia signed a $ 54 million contract to buy 20,000 Diebold machines .
Early warning signs
After the takeover , the big contracts meant big problems .
Diebold had let the Global operation alone , but it just could n't keep up .
Orders were lost , manufacturing fell behind schedule , the technical staff was overwhelmed .
Recalls Swidarski , the unit lacked " the wherewithal really to know how to manage a business .
They were doing complex rollouts without the depth or breadth or skill set to deal with what they were going to do . "
The same could be said of the customers .
Election administrators were often unsophisticated county employees who had been in the job forever .
" If we work with Bank of America and they want to roll out 1,000 ATMs , they 'll have 25 professional project managers , " says Swidarski .
" You go to a meeting at a county and you 're looking at two people . "
It did n't help that Global 's touch - screen system , the AccuVote - TS , was flawed from the start .
It had purchased the technology from a small company called I - Mark , whose founders had designed it as an unattended voting terminal that could be used in places like shopping malls or supermarkets .
" The only problem was they were n't looking at security , " says Douglas Jones , a computer science professor at University of Iowa who has been testing voting machines since 1994 .
Not quite the only problem .
Because there was little demand for touch - screen systems before 2001 , Global had n't spent much on software development .
( Jones thinks they needed to start over . )
So the system voters used in 2002 was bug - ridden .
Diebold machines crashed early and often , and there was insufficient trained staff to cope with the inevitable problems .
( One problem : " vote hopping , " where , due to an uncalibrated touch screen , pressing one candidate counted the one next to it . )
Even so , after the election , press accounts largely glossed over the problems as isolated hiccups .
Orders continued to roll in .
And then things fell apart .
Until recently , hardly anyone gave a thought to the mechanics of voting .
Even fewer thought about hackers .
But in the wake of 2000 , the mechanics of voting became politicized .
One key moment came when Bev Harris heard her suburban Seattle county was considering switching to electronic touch - screen machines .
Curious , she started trawling the Internet for information - and late one night in January 2003 , she discovered a cache of files on an unprotected Diebold server .
In it were e-mails between programmers discussing the system 's problems .
" Distributing this software is extremely dangerous , " a programmer wrote in 2001 .
" Our smart - card format has absolutely no security , so if someone were to get a copy of this software and a reader , they could stand at the ballot station and quietly burn new voters cards all day ....
I can see the cover of USA Today in my head .
Consider everyone warned . "
( Diebold says the problem was fixed before the 2002 elections . )
Digging further , Harris found a version of the company 's secret software that ran the machines .
She passed it to Avi Rubin , a computer science professor at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore .
Within an hour , Rubin says , he discovered that the software 's encryption system was one " everyone knew was broken since 1998 . "
That same day , he found that the administrative password to all the machines was the same : 1-1-1-1 .
" It looked like an experimental student project , " Rubin says .
" If it was my student 's project , they would have gotten an F . "
His report , which came out two days after Maryland had awarded Diebold a $ 56 million contract for 11,000 touch - screen machines , galvanized those who had always been suspicious of electronic voting .
The company pointed out in a 27 - page retort that the software was n't in use and that there were checks and balances to prevent fraud .
The response did n't satisfy the skeptics ; an avalanche of criticism - some of it thoughtful , some of it wacko - began to bear down .
In 2004 , California decertified Diebold machines and joined a civil lawsuit filed by Bev Harris that alleged Diebold lied when it said its equipment had been federally certified .
The company admitted no guilt but agreed to settle , paying California $ 2.6 million .
At the same time , it continued to have manufacturing problems , once shutting down production because the touch - screen machines were malfunctioning .
( It took a year to replace the defective motherboards . )
Changing gears
Soon , Swidarski , then a senior marketing executive in the ATM unit , took over the elections business .
" The board understands , as best anyone can , the volatile nature of the business / media and that politics are involved , " Swidarski wrote in an e-mail to his deputies in the elections division .
" However , the board cannot understand how the [ Secretary of State ] of [ California ] indicates that we have lied , misled , and withheld information . "
Swidarski fired many Global staff and brought in a new boss from Canton , Dave Byrd , to run the business .
The voting unit began to operate more smoothly , grossing $ 150 million in 2005 and making a small profit .
In December 2005 , the board pushed O'Dell out and named Swidarski CEO .
Just as he did with the elections business , Swidarski cleaned house :
Only two of the seven top executives he inherited are still at Diebold today .
Swidarski is cut from a different cloth than his predecessor .
O'Dell liked deals and was frankly bored by ATMs ; he loved being known as one of Bush 's Pioneers - generous Republican donors .
A former senior executive with Emerson Electric , O'Dell 's top priority was to make the numbers .
Swidarski , by contrast , is more focused on the customers than he is on Wall Street .
( He refuses to give quarterly earnings guidance . )
A former marketing executive at PNC Bank in Pittsburgh , he is straightforward and unpretentious .
In his short tenure as CEO , he has changed the mood at Canton .
" This place is dramatically different from a year ago , " says CFO Kevin Krakora , " almost night and day . "
Smart Business 100 , Swidarski's $ 100 million plan to cut costs and increase customer service , is beginning to show dividends .
Since fading to less than $ 35 in September 2005 , Diebold 's stock is now at $ 42 .
Profits dropped 41 percent last year , but were still a healthy $ 161 million on $ 2.6 billion of revenue .
Diebold looks set to beat those numbers this year .
" The new management team , " says Gil Luria , a research analyst at Wedbush Morgan Securities , " seems to be on top of what they really need to do to turn around the company . "
Krakora puts it simply , " This company prints cash . "
Dubious voting
But its voting machines continue to attract scorn .
In August , Edward Felten , a computer - science professor at Princeton University , got his hands on a Diebold machine similar to those still used in Georgia .
With the help of two graduate students , he posted a video online that showed him infiltrating and installing a virus in what appears to be less than a minute .
Felten found that the key to the lock protecting the memory card , which is used to both update the software and record votes , was one commonly used in office furniture and even hotel minibars .
Once the door to the slot was open , he could slip in a virus - infested memory card and alter votes .
" We were completely floored by how easy it was , " Felten says .
Diebold disputes the accuracy , integrity and plausibility of the Princeton study , pointing out that Felten 's team used an old machine with two - year - old software not in use today .
Plus , the team had four months to figure it all out .
" The report all but ignores physical security and election procedures , " says Mark Radke , marketing director of Diebold Election Systems .
" Every local jurisdiction secures its voting machines - every voting machine , not just electronic machines .
Electronic machines are secured with security tape and numbered security seals that would reveal any sign of tampering . "
Therein lies the rub , says Michael Shamos , a computer - science professor at Carnegie Mellon University who has been testing election equipment since 1980 .
" Diebold does n't fully get it about security , " he says .
" Their position every time somebody raises the prospect of insider manipulation of elections is , ' Are you telling me you think that these election officials would commit a felony ? '
And the answer is , ' Yes , that 's what we 're saying .
They might commit a felony , and what is your system doing to prevent them ? ' "
Even so , Shamos does n't completely buy the Princeton study .
" What Felten found was n't a bug in the software , " he says .
" It was a deliberate feature that comes from the need to be able to update the machines quickly . "
Felten , he says , makes it seem like anyone with a memory card could go into a Diebold machine , root around and swing an election .
Shamos points out that since the machines are n't networked , a virus would have to be tailored to the ballot and inserted into each machine one wanted to manipulate .
That 's a lot more work - and a lot more opportunities to screw up - than it looks like on video .
A national rollout of almost any product is bound to have glitches .
But when elections depend upon the product in a country whose politics are scarred by distrust , there is little tolerance for error .
The problem critics had with the early touch - screen systems was the lack of a tangible way - such as the kind of receipt consumers get at ATM machines - to verify results .
( Oddly , few made this complaint about lever machines . )
Though about half of the touch - screen systems in use today provide an audit trail that voters can see , that presents its own problems , such as installing the paper or keeping it from jamming .
What really gets the critics going , though , is the possibility of stealing or " editing " votes by the bundle , either in a specific precinct or , worse , by hacking into a central database .
As William " Boss " Tweed , who effectively ran New York City in the mid-1800s , once noted , " The ballots made no result ; the counters made the result . "
Diebold 's critics say that is the problem .
But for all the sound and fury swirling around the company , there has not been a single confirmed incident of tampering with a Diebold or any other electronic machine ; it 's much more difficult to write a computer virus than to tinker with a ballot box .
( Ah , say the critics , but prove it has n't happened . )
So what 's the prediction for this election ?
The primaries were a mixed bag .
One big story was that Florida was not a story , but there were problems elsewhere , from poll workers unable to boot up the machines , to transmission problems , to unexpected screen freezes .
" History shows us it always takes at least three good - sized elections before we have any new system down , " says Doug Lewis , the executive director of the Election Center , an organization that represents and trains local election administrators .
" It would be a miracle if there were n't problems in this election . "
As for Diebold , Swidarski is questioning whether the election business " fits into our product portfolio . "
He says he 'll make a decision within the next three months .
But it says something that the company recently ordered the name " Diebold " removed from the front of the voting equipment .
Why ?
A spokesman would only say , " It was a strategic decision on the part of the corporation . "
Reporter associate Susan Kaufman contributed to this article .
______________________________
Want more money ?
Fail .
It works for some CEOs anyway , judging from some of their lucrative paydays when they 're fired , pushed out or just fail to meet expectations .
The trouble with e-voting
ENOS BANKS tells a cracking yarn about ketchup .
One day , he spilled a splurge of it on his shirt .
For fun , he persuaded his brother in law to shout angrily and shoot through the window .
When their two wives came rushing in , they saw Mr Banks lying there covered in what looked like blood .
“ My wife passed out , ” chuckles Mr Banks , “ and my brother - in - law 's wife shook him till his [ false ] teeth rattled . ”
Mr Banks lives in a trailer in eastern Kentucky , amid the majestically forested Appalachian mountains .
He is in his early 60s and has no job — he used to work as a driver for a coal - mining firm , but left after a heart attack 25 years ago .
He wears a cowboy hat and talks with an accent that outsiders find nearly impenetrable .
He is clever with his hands .
When the price of petrol soared this year , he grafted a chainsaw engine onto a bicycle to make a moped .
He is a loud , jovial man , but suspicious of the young folk who live nearby .
There is a drug problem in the mountains , and Mr Banks was recently burgled for the painkillers he takes for a bad back , hip and ankle .
But he is ready for any mugger .
He walks with a walking - stick - cum - rifle , with a plastic cap on the end of the barrel to keep out the dirt .
If someone attacks him , he is ready to “ shoot them plumb between the eyes . ”
And if he runs out of bullets , he has a big knife strapped to the contraption with duct tape .
When Americans hear the words “ poor ” and “ white ” , they think of someone like Mr Banks .
He has half a dozen cars in varying states of disrepair parked outside his trailer , car - parts everywhere and a pile of crushed Pepsi cans below his porch .
He “ draws ” $ 521 a month in supplemental security income ( a form of cash assistance for the elderly , poor and disabled ) .
He laments that the authorities deduct $ 67 a month because he won $ 3,600 on the slot machines .
Why , he asks , wo n't they take account of all the money he has lost gambling ?
It is a fair question .
If middle - class America had this problem , accountants would surely find a way round it .
Mr Banks also complains that he cannot draw food stamps .
In order to qualify , he would have to sell his truck , which he cannot bear to part with .
Mr Banks would probably be surprised to hear that , thousands of miles away in central Africa , there lives a prominent surgeon whose monthly income is roughly the same as his .
Mbwebwe Kabamba is the head of the emergency department at the main public hospital in Kinshasa , the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
After 28 years as a doctor , his salary is only $ 250 a month , but by operating on private patients after hours , he ekes it out to $ 600 or $ 700 .
Given the lower cost of living in Congo , one might guess that Dr Kabamba is better off than Mr Banks .
But the doctor has to support an extended family of 12 , whereas Mr Banks 's ex-wife and three sons claim public assistance .
Indeed , the reason Mr Banks split up from his wife , he says , is because they can draw more benefits separately .
She still lives in the trailer next door .
Why juxtapose the lives of a poor man in a rich country and a relatively well - off man in a poor one ?
The exercise is useful for two reasons .
First , it puts the rich world 's wealth into context .
A Congolese doctor , a man most other Congolese would consider wealthy , is worse off materially than most poor people in America .
That , in itself , is striking .
The second purpose of the exercise is to shed light on some ticklish questions .
What is the relationship between wealth and happiness ?
And what is the significance of relative poverty ?
Mr Banks makes $ 521 a month in a country where median male earnings are $ 3,400 a month .
Dr Kabamba earns $ 600 a month in a country where most people grow their own food and hardly ever see a bank note .
The two men's experiences could hardly be less similar .
But which of the two would one expect to be happier ?
Before trying to grapple with these questions , take a look at the places where the two men live .
Eastern Kentucky was where President Lyndon Johnson stood by a shack in 1964 to launch a “ national war on poverty ” .
Since then , Appalachia has had tons of government cash and seen real improvements in living standards , but it retains large and stubborn pockets of distress .
Mr Banks lives in one .
His trailer stands in a hollow near a disused coal mine in Perry county , where the official poverty rate is 24.5 % .
The region is poor partly because it is remote .
Steep slopes and heavy rain can make it hard to get around .
Julie Zimmerman , a professor of sociology at the University of Kentucky , notes that Appalachian folk sometimes make appointments with the proviso that “ I 'll be there , God willing and the creek do n't rise . ”
Getty Images
Another problem is that the region 's mineral wealth has corrupted local politics .
For decades , argues Mil Duncan , another of the many sociologists to have pondered Appalachian poverty , coal bosses exerted an unhealthy influence , and politicians won support through patronage .
The 13 coal - producing counties of eastern Kentucky have consistently worse poverty than the others , notes Justin Maxson , director of the Mountain Association for Community Economic Development , a local microfinance group .
“ Corruption by public officials has been a significant contributor to poverty in the region , ” he adds .
Congo is also remote , and its politics have also been corrupted by mineral wealth .
But corruption in Kentucky consists of mining firms leaning on local officials to go easy on environmental regulations , or school boards appointing their members ' relatives to sinecures .
In Congo , it means half a dozen armies and dozens of militia groups fighting over the country 's gold and diamond mines between 1998 and 2003 , leaving perhaps 3 m dead .
Sporadic fighting continues in the east of the country , but this does not directly affect Dr Kabamba , who lives in the west .
Still , the soldiers in Kinshasa , where he works , are a menace , because they rob civilians to supplement their wages .
Dr Kabamba is shaken down about twice a month by men in uniform .
Dr Kabamba 's hospital is healthier than it was during the war , or under Mobutu Sese Seko , the leopardskin - hatted crook who ruled Congo until his overthrow in 1997 .
There are no medicines unless patients can pay for them , and many of the sick lie huddled on the ground .
But it used to be worse .
In the early 1990s , patients who could not pay were sometimes held hostage for weeks until their families found cash to free them .
Dr Kabamba 's income fluctuates with his country 's fortunes .
His $ 250 - a- month salary is a fivefold increase from last year , and the fact that it is paid only two months in arrears is an improvement too .
The cause of his good fortune is that Congo was given a huge debt write - off when the civil war ended in 2003 , so there is more money around .
What do Dr Kabamba 's wages buy ?
He has a four - bedroom house with a kitchen and living room , which would be ample if there were n't 12 people under his roof .
His home would be deemed unacceptably overcrowded in America .
Even among the 37 m
Americans officially classed as poor , only 6 % live in homes with more occupants than rooms .
Having seen how doctors live elsewhere , Dr Kabamba would quite like running water and a regular power supply .
His family fetches water in jars and the electricity comes on maybe twice a week .
Air - conditioning would be nice , but “ that 's only for VIPs , ” says Dr Kabamba .
In America , three - quarters of poor households have air - conditioning .
Dr Kabamba earns enough to feed his children , but not as well as he would like .
The family eats meat about twice a month ; Dr Kabamba calls it “ a great luxury ” .
In America , poor children eat more meat than the well - to - do .
In fact , they get twice as much protein as their government says is good for them , which is why the Wal - Mart near Mr Banks sells such enormous jeans .
“ Poverty ” describes two quite different phenomena : utter penury , of the sort experienced by the billion or so souls who subsist on $ 1 a day or less ; and the situation of people in rich countries who are less well off than their compatriots .
For the first group , finding enough to eat is a daily struggle , and a $ 2 - a - day job hand - washing mineral ore in a river is a lucky break .
Shortly before meeting Dr Kabamba , your correspondent interviewed a group of Congolese ore - washers who were delighted to have found such lucrative work .
European countries tend to use relative measures of poverty .
A household with an income less than 50 % or 60 % of the national median counts as poor .
This has the perverse result that if the country gets richer , the poverty rate can still rise , as long as incomes at the top and in the middle rise faster than those at the bottom .
America , more sensibly , uses an absolute standard .
The “ poverty threshold ” , created in the mid-1960s , was based on an estimate of how much an adequate diet might cost , multiplied by three .
This figure is adjusted for inflation each year , but is otherwise unchanged .
So the fact that , according to the Census Bureau , the share of Americans in poverty rose between 1974 and 2004 , from 11.2 % to 12.7 % , ought to be a cause for shame .
But it is not , because American poverty statistics are misleading .
For one thing , the poor rarely stay that way .
In 1996 - 99 , only 2 % of Americans were poor every month over the full four - year period .
And life appears , by most measures , to have improved .
Poor people today live longer , spend longer in education and are more likely to have jobs .
Fewer live in substandard houses , more have cars , fridges , boomboxes and other necessities that were luxuries a couple of generations ago .
How , then , to account for the apparent rise in poverty ?
It is partly a matter of definition .
Some non-cash benefits , such as food stamps , housing assistance and Medicaid , are excluded from the calculation .
And the raw data must be wrong .
Nicholas Eberstadt of the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think - tank , notes that while reported annual income for the poorest fifth of households in 2003 was $ 8,201 , their reported expenditure was $ 18,492 .
Nobody can explain this vast discrepancy .
All one can say is that whereas the poor in Kinshasa complain about the price of bread , the poor in Kentucky complain about the price of motor insurance .
Fair enough — they need to drive to work .
Granted , the poor in America do not starve .
But their relative poverty can hurt in other ways .
To be poor in a meritocracy implies failure .
Eastern Kentucky is one of America 's least meritocratic enclaves , but failure still carries a stigma .
Though few Americans say that the poor have only themselves to blame , many believe it .
Many of the poor believe it , too .
For a Congolese peasant , there is no shame in living in a hut made of sticks .
Everyone you know does too .
In America , by contrast , the term “ trailer ” denotes more than a mobile home , and the people who live in one know it .
They are also acutely aware of how richer folk live , because they watch so much television .
A typical poor household in America has two televisions , cable or satellite reception and a VCR or a DVD player .
Dr Kabamba , though hard up , enjoys the respect that doctors receive in all societies .
Perhaps more , for people can see that he does an essential job under the toughest of conditions .
That his hospital still functions despite years of war , corruption , economic decline and the occasional “ grand pillage ” by unpaid soldiers is , he sighs , “ almost a miracle ” .
His compatriots might add that it is almost a miracle that Dr Kabamba , whose skills would allow him to emigrate , has chosen not to .
Those who know Dr Kabamba treat him with deference .
When your correspondent was detained by the police outside his hospital , for the crime of appearing to possess a wallet , one telephone call to the doctor was enough to fix the problem .
The officers even apologised .
Mr Banks , by contrast , though outwardly cheery , has no illusions about how other Americans see people like himself .
Of the officials who hand him his monthly cheque , he says : “ Some are okay , but some act like the money 's coming out of their own pockets . ”
His great - niece , Rosie Woolum , tells a story about growing up in the hollows .
She was the girl on the school cheerleading team who could not afford shoes .
A teacher who lived nearby could have offered her a lift home after practice , she says , but never did .
So she had to wait a couple of hours for her mother .
At the time , she did not understand why her better - off neighbours shunned her .
Now that she has a good job ( running a project that provides health care for the homeless ) , she finds they no longer do .
It is hard to gauge the pain of relative poverty because no one knows how to measure happiness .
Simply asking people “ Are you happy ? ” only gets you so far .
The answers people give depend in part on cultural factors .
Few English or Japanese will offer anything more ecstatic than a “ must n't grumble ” , but that does not necessarily mean they are glummer than say , Americans , 86 % of whom told Gallup this year that they were “ completely ” or “ somewhat satisfied ” with their jobs .
Indirect evidence of unhappiness is equally hard to gather , since so many potential proxies , such as drug abuse and wife - beating , are hushed up .
Nonetheless , for what it is worth , when your correspondent asked Ms Woolum and three of her local social - worker colleagues to share their life stories , those stories shared a common thread .
AP
All four women had been beaten by husbands or boyfriends , most of whom had problems with drink or drugs .
One recalls being knelt on so that her arms were pinned to the floor and punched repeatedly in the face .
Another says she was stabbed .
Without excusing the abuse , the women assume that it had something to do with their menfolk 's sense of frustration at the poor hand life had dealt them .
As the last of the quartet puts it : “ He was n't happy .
We got hit . ”
Happily , all four have escaped their abusers .
Ms Woolum reckons that the welfare reforms of the 1990s have , indirectly , made local women more assertive .
“ Welfare is more demanding .
[ To receive it ] , women have to get out and work , so we 're getting out into a different environment . ”
This , she argues , fosters self - reliance and self - respect , so “ Women do n't take it as much now . ”
The personal is political
Both Dr Kabamba and Mr Banks feel bitter about the state of politics in their respective countries .
Dr Kabamba resents the fact that Congo is run by a mob of unelected thieves and warlords , who for the most part only pretend to care about good governance so they can continue milking western donors .
The country was promised an election by June this year , but the ruling class somehow never got around to organising it .
They now promise to have one next year — they held a constitutional referendum this month — but Dr Kabamba is not holding his breath .
He takes such a dim view of the probity of Congolese politicians that he once turned down a job in the cabinet .
In his spare time , he is the leader of one of Congo 's many opposition parties , but no one is tipping him to be the next president .
He is neither rich nor ruthless enough .
Mr Banks , for his part , expresses an intense dislike of President George Bush .
“ If someone shoots that sonofabitch , I 'll celebrate , ” he says .
Some of his complaints echo those of the coastal intelligentsia — he thinks the president should create more manufacturing jobs , for example .
But some of his gripes are of the sort rarely aired in the New York Times .
For example , he berates Mr Bush for allowing too many foreign doctors into the country .
In eastern Kentucky , as in Congo , those with marketable skills often leave as soon as they graduate .
Unlike Congo , however , Kentucky can attract doctors from poorer parts of the world , such as South Asia .
Mr Banks does not think much of these immigrant medics .
He fears they may give him the wrong medicine , perhaps deliberately , and threatens to “ shoot them plumb between the eyes ” if they try .
He is not serious about this threat , one assumes , but his sense of grievance is no less real for being incoherent .
The point of this article is neither to mock Mr Banks nor to praise Dr Kabamba .
Both have their virtues and flaws , and your correspondent cannot reliably judge which is the happier .
But here are two concluding observations .
First , if poor Americans were to compare their standard of living with what is normal elsewhere in the world , let alone in Congo , they would see they have little cause for discontent .
Then again , were Americans not so incurably discontented with their lot , their great country would not be half as dynamic as it is .
When Did Network Neutrality Become A Partisan Issue ?
from the this - is - unfortunate dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
One of the interesting things about the debates that we have here about legal issues concerning innovation is that they tendto be partisan .
It 's never been easy to line up a specific intellectual property agenda with one party or another -- which tends to mean that any debate on the subject at least focuses a bit more on the issues , rather than stereotypes of Democrats or Republicans .
However , it looks like the network neutrality debate is suddenly becoming partisan -- which is a worrisome trend .
Lots of folks have covered the fact that an amendment today to include network neutrality language in a telecom reform bill was voted down .
However , it 's telling that everyone is now covering it as a partisan issue , whether the headline is " GOP Gets It Way on Net Neutrality " or " Democrats lose House vote on Net neutrality " .
This is an important issue to discuss , without there needing to be partisan bickering about it .
Network neutrality is quite a complex topic , and unfortunately , it seems like both sides of the debate are simplifying it down to slogans which risk confusing , rather than enlightening , people .
The efforts to write network neutrality into the law are a very tricky subject , with the obvious fear being that any regulations will inadvertently excessively penalize future developments .
On the other side of the coin , those preaching a complete " hands off " position seem to ignore the fact that it 's way too late for that .
The only reasons the telcos are in the position to violate network neutrality are because they 've pretty much been granted subsidies and monopoly rights of way -- and part of that bargain was that tocompetition , there needed to be open and fair access .
To suddenly claim that we need a hands off approach is ignoring the fact that there 's never been a hands off approach and the companies involved were granted special rights .
Balancing these two sides is an important issue -- and simply lining it up as a Democratic vs.
Republican issue is only likely to cloud it with pointless bickering and misleading statements on both sides .
It 's been almost a year since wildly popular geek site Boing Boing stared into the abyss and saw their bandwidth bill staring back at them .
Like the good DIY , indie rock , mirrorshade cryptopunk rebels they go to great lengths to demonstrate that they are , the Boing Boingers approached the obvious solution and Great Corruptor , ads , with trepidation , soliciting comments and vowing that the site would remain unchanged .
And so how , now , has the experiment worked ?
Take a look for yourself .
Boing Boing has not only embraced advertising , but appears to be giving it a vigorous reach - around in the process .
The front page of Boing Boing currently features one banner ad .
And three right sidebar graphic ads .
And three left sidebar graphic ads .
And a text ad .
And an ad to place an ad .
And ads in the RSS feed .
And five " personal project " badges that are for things that you can buy .
And one conference , one ISP and two tool references -- it 's unclear if there 's any quid pro quo going on .
And , inexplicably , a link to Fark .
Is it an ad ?
A reciprocal link ?
No clue .
The site does n't say .
Boing Boing is obviously doing well .
They 've got -- depending on how you count -- between nine and nineteen ad slots , all of them filled .
They 're the NASCAR of the weblogging world .
And , hey , great .
Good for them .
But , last year , the ostensible purpose for exploring " sponsorship , context - sensitive text - ads , etc. " was to " survive , " to " re-invest in Boing Boing , " to " cover our costs , " to " cover the costs of hosting . "
They 're pretty obviously well beyond these goals .
It 's all of a hundred bucks a month for 1.2 terabytes of bandwidth ( or about 150 % of what the site currently needs ) , server included .
Given February 's 14.5 million pageviews , each advertiser -- taking the low number above -- would have to pay less than a tenth of a cent CPM .
It would be easier for everybody involved -- if the goal was to cover costs -- to let one sponsor buy the machine and give them a small , tasteful badge on the front page .
But that 's not the goal anymore , is it ?
OK , fine .
Boing Boing is profitable .
Probably very profitable .
It 's not many sites written " for my friends and my family " that need bookkeepers and reader surveys .
So where 's the money going ?
Oh , wait , that 's none of our business .
Boing Boing is n't public .
They , legally and ethically , owe nobody an explanation for what they do or how they do it .
Except it feels sort of wrong , does n't it ?
It 's got the same indie- Orwell feel that calling their business manager a " band manager " has :
We 're not corporate !
We 're rebels !
We ... make a lot of money .
We just do n't want look like it .
Punk rock , dude !
And so we 're left with this : the ads are there to cover costs .
Really .
That 's it .
This is all about love .
And if Boing Boing were a corporation -- oh , wait , it is ; that 's what the little " LLC " down in the corner means -- they'd be the first in line to point a finger at that big , sticky wad of hype and say , " Um. Really ? "
These champions of the purity of the Web , these advocates of transparency would be poking holes in that balloon before the clown got it out of his mouth .
It 's just that pointed fingers get awkward when you 're in front of a mirror .
The thing is , it really is about love .
They 've been at it for too long for it not to be .
Which is exactly why they need to come clean , why they need to explain themselves , to correct the lingering white lies .
I do n't care how many ads the site has , I do n't care how much money they make -- I care that the justification for them is so wildly misleading , so ridiculously so out of date .
So -- forgive the term -- corporate .
So PR .
So not Boing Boing .
三項演算子 ?:の正しい書き方
C・C++・Java・Perl などのプログラミング言語では、条件演算子として三項演算子?:が用意されている。条件演算子の書き方として、以下のような説明がされることが多い。
condition ?
true - expression : false - expression
この説明は、以下のプログラムと同じ程度、間違っている。
#include < stdio.h > main ( ) {printf ( " hel " " lo , world
" );}
条件演算子は、正しくは以下のように書く。
condition ?
true - expression : false - expression
使い方の例を示す 。
compare = obj1 == null ?
ob j2 == null ?
0 : - 1 : ob j2 == null ?
1 : obj1.toString().compareTo(obj2.toString ( ) ) ;
条件演算子には、以下の表記方法もある。この表記は、 switch文や else-if構文と同様に使える。
case1 ?
expression1 : case2 ?
expression2 : case3 ?
expression3 : ... default - expression
この表記の例を示す 。
a = c >= ' A ' && c <= ' Z ' ? c - ' A ' : c >= ' a ' && c <= ' z ' ? c - ' a ' + 26 : c >= ' 0 ' && c <= ' 9 ' ? c - ' 0 ' + 52 : c == '+' ?
62 : c == '/' ?
63 : -1 ;
HARRY S BUSH ….
George Bush met with some Democratic leaders on Friday to review the recommendations of the ISG report and discuss the way forward in Iraq .
However , they report back that he was n’t too interested in talking about this :
Instead , Bush began his talk by comparing himself to President Harry S Truman , who launched the Truman Doctrine to fight communism , got bogged down in the Korean War and left office unpopular .
Bush said that “ in years to come they realized he was right and then his doctrine became the standard for America , ” recalled Senate Majority Whip-elect Richard Durbin , D - Ill .
“ He ’s trying to position himself in history and to justify those who continue to stand by him , saying sometimes if you ’re right you ’re unpopular , and be prepared for criticism . ”
Durbin said he challenged Bush ’s analogy , reminding him that Truman had the NATO alliance behind him and negotiated with his enemies at the United Nations .
Durbin said that ’s what the Iraq Study Group is recommending that Bush do now ?
work more with allies and negotiate with adversaries on Iraq .
Bush , Durbin said , “ reacted very strongly .
He got very animated in his response ” and emphasized that he is “ the commander in chief . ”
QR Code Link to This Post
This is for the guys who escort their drunk , bewildered female friends back from parties and never take advantage once they ’re at her door , for the guys who accompany girls to bars as buffers against the rest of the creepy male population , for the guys who know a girl is fishing for compliments but give them out anyway , for the guys who always play by the rules in a game where the rules favor cheaters , for the guys who are accredited as boyfriend material but somehow do n’t end up being boyfriends , for all the nice guys who are overlooked , underestimated , and unappreciated , for all the nice guys who are manipulated , misled , and unjustly abandoned , this is for you .
This is for that time she left 40 urgent messages on your cell phone , and when you called her back , she spent three hours painstakingly dissecting two sentences her boyfriend said to her over dinner .
And even though you thought her boyfriend was a chump and a jerk , you assured her that it was all ok and she should n’t worry about it .
This is for that time she interrupted the best killing spree you ’d ever orchestrated in GTA3 to rant about a rumor that romantically linked her and the guy she thinks is the most repulsive person in the world .
And even though you thought it was immature and you had nothing against the guy , you paused the game for two hours and helped her concoct a counter - rumor to spread around the floor .
This is also for that time she did n’t have a date , so after numerous vows that there was nothing “ serious ” between the two of you , she dragged you to a party where you knew nobody , the beer was awful , and she flirted shamelessly with you , justifying each fit of reckless teasing by announcing to everyone : “ oh , but we ’re just friends ! ”
And even though you were invited purely as a symbolic warm body for her ego , you went anyways .
Because you ’re nice like that .
The nice guys do n’t often get credit where credit is due .
And perhaps more disturbing , the nice guys do n’t seem to get laid as often as they should .
And I wish I could logically explain this trend , but I can’t .
From what I have observed on campus and what I have learned from talking to friends at other schools and in the workplace , the only conclusion I can form is that many girls are just illogical , manipulative bitches .
Many of them claim they just want to date a nice guy , but when presented with such a specimen , they say irrational , confusing things such as “ oh , he ’s too nice to date ” or “ he would be a good boyfriend but he ’s not for me ” or “ he already puts up with so much from me , I could n’t possibly ask him out ! ” or the most frustrating of all : “ no , it would ruin our friendship . ”
Yet , they continue to lament the lack of datable men in the world , and they expect their too - nice - to - date male friends to sympathize and apologize for the men that are jerks .
Sorry , guys , girls like that are beyond my ability to fathom .
I ca n’t figure out why the connection breaks down between what they say ( I want a nice guy ! ) and what they do ( I ’m going to sleep with this complete ass now ! ) .
But one thing I can do , is say that the nice - guy - finishes - last phenomenon does n’t last forever .
There are definitely many girls who grow out of that train of thought and realize they should be dating the nice guys , not taking them for granted .
The tricky part is finding those girls , and even trickier , finding the ones that are single .
So , until those girls are found , I propose a toast to all the nice guys .
You know who you are , and I know you ’re sick of hearing yourself described as ubiquitously nice .
But the truth of the matter is , the world needs your patience in the department store , your holding open of doors , your party escorting services , your propensity to be a sucker for a pretty smile .
For all the crazy , insane , absurd things you tolerate , for all the situations where you are the faceless , nameless hero , my accolades , my acknowledgement , and my gratitude go out to you .
You do have credibility in this society , and your well deserved vindication is coming .
J Strother Moore received his BS degree from MIT in 1970 , and his PhD from the University of Edinburgh in 1973 .
He currently holds the Admiral B.R. Inman Centennial Chair in Computing Theory at the University of Texas at Austin , and is also department chair .
Moore was a founder of Computational Logic , Inc. , and served as its chief scientist for ten years .
He and Bob Boyer jointly developed the Boyer - Moore theorem prover and the Boyer - Moore fast string searching algorithm .
Additionally , he and Matt Kaufmann are co-authors of the ACL2 theorem prover .
He and Bob Boyer were awarded the 1991 Current Prize in Automatic Theorem Proving by the American Mathematical Society .
In 1999 they were awarded the Herbrand Award for their work in automatic theorem proving .
Moore is a Fellow of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence .
Following advances in machine - aided reasoning over the years , the " Boyer - Moore Project " has supplied many success stories in mechanized proofs of correctness , including verification of : A Berkeley C String Library compiled by gcc into Motorola 68020 machine code ; the IEEE compliance of AMD floating - point units ( before fabrication ) ; and important properties of the Java bytecode verifier and class loader ( having been modeled in Lisp . )
Thus we may ask : " Why is Lisp so uncommonly effective as the basis of a mechanized theory of computation ? "
We will show how our heuristics for discovering many simple proofs permit users to guide the system into truly complex proofs , which when combined with the classic power of Lisp systems , result in a very effective tool .
Jeff Shrager is a research fellow at The Carnegie Institute of Washington , Department of Plant Biology where he studies Cyanobacteria ( the most important organisms on earth ) , a consulting Associate Professor in Symbolic Systems at Stanford where he teaches interaction analysis and symbolic biocomputing ( separately ) , a research scientist at The Inst. for the Study of Learning and Expertise where he works on scientific discovery by humans and computers ( jointly ! ) , and a member of the research staff at PARC where he works on collaborative knowledge - based decision - making .
He probably has several other appointments that he can't remember where he does something else altogether .
At my ILC2002 talk , " Symbolic Computing in the Age of Biological Knowledge " , I said that biology " is guided by an ocean of knowledge , " and that symbolic computing would " soon be paramount in every aspect of biology . "
As the hurricane of activity in knowledge - based bioinformatics has demonstrated , no more prophetic words have been spoken ( at any ALU conference ) !
This year I 'll review some of the most interesting aspects of recent activity in symbolic biocomputing .
I 'll explain why these problems are important , and why , as I said in 2002 , " Symbolic Computing [ aka .
Lisp ] will save biology , and biology will save Symbolic Computing . "
James McDonald has worked at Kestrel Institute since 1992 , where he designed and implemented Specware , a tool for correct - by - construction synthesis .
While contributing to its continued development , he has served as Principal Investigator on several Specware - based projects , and is a founder of Kestrel Technology , LLC , created to commercialize such technology .
McDonald was a founder of Lucid , Inc. in 1984 , where he implemented much of Lucid Common Lisp and managed technology transfer to about 30 platforms .
Earlier at Stanford , he worked on Meta - Dendral for scientific theory formation , and on VALID and XCHECK , automated instructors for Stanford 's introductory logic and set theory courses .
He ported PSL to VM / CMS for IBM .
McDonald received his Bachelors of Science from Michigan State University in 1974 as an Alumni Distinguished Scholar , and did graduate work at Stanford in later years , entering the PhD program in Artificial Intelligence .
The size of software / hardware systems and applications is accelerating at a rate that threatens to permanently outpace our ability to verify them .
Thus an increasingly important need arises to certify crucial properties of vital or ubiquitous applications .
Given such pressures , we make a case that a correct - by - construction approach is the only realistic game in town .
Hence anyone ( or any company ) involved in software production should be prepared to adjust to a not - too - distant world in which that will be the dominant software / hardware paradigm .
Specific success stories are provided .
John McCarthy is Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University .
He has been interested in artificial intelligence since 1948 and coined the term in 1955 .
His main artificial intelligence research area has been the formalization of common sense knowledge .
He invented the LISP programming language in 1958 , developed the concept of time - sharing in the late fifties and early sixties , and has worked on proving that computer programs meet their specifications since the early sixties .
He invented the circumscription method of non-monotonic reasoning in 1978 .
McCarthy received the A. M. Turing award of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1971 and was elected President of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence for 1983 - 84 and is a Fellow of that organization .
He received the first Research Excellence Award of the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence in 1985 , the Kyoto Prize of the Inamori Foundation in November 1988 , and the National Medal of Science in 1990 .
He is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Sciences .
He has received honorary degrees from Linköping University in Sweden , the Polytechnic University of Madrid , Colby College , Trinity College , Dublin and Concordia University in Montreal , Canada .
He has been declared a Distinguished Alumnus by the California Institute of Technology .
Lisp has survived since 1959 .
Common Lisp and Scheme are also quite old - 1980s I think .
Any improvement on Lisp should preserve the fact that Lisp programs are Lisp data .
I 'll discuss extending Lisp in the direction of putting logical assertions in - full first and maybe second order logic with a " heavy duty " set theory .
Henry Lieberman has been a Research Scientist at the MIT Media Laboratory since 1987 , where he directs the Software Agents group which is applying AI to user interfaces .
He is editing a book on End - User Development ( 2005 , Kluwer ) , and has previously edited " Spinning the Semantic Web " ( 2003 , MIT Press ) and " Your Wish is My Command " ( 2001 , Morgan Kaufmann ) .
He is currently working on Common Sense knowledge and reasoning for interactive applications .
From 1972 - 87 , he was a researcher at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( now CSAIL ) .
During that time he worked with Carl Hewitt on " actors " , an early object - oriented , parallel language ; and also he developed the notion of prototype object systems as well as the first real - time garbage collection algorithm .
Earlier , he worked with Seymour Papert 's group which developed the educational language Logo .
He holds a doctoral - equivalent degree ( Habilitation ) from the University of Paris VI and was a Visiting Professor there in 1989 - 90 .
It is often said that Lisp programmers do n't write programs to solve problems ; they use Lisp to write languages in which solutions to their problems become simple .
People often find it easier to express solutions in English , so we may ask " Why not use English as a high - level solution language , letting the machine help turn it into code ? "
New advances in natural language processing and Common Sense reasoning now make it more feasible to use natural language in programming .
We present Metaphor , a programming environment that acts like an out - liner for prose writing , providing " scaffolding " code that can later be elaborated into a full program .
Bert Halstead is the chief architect at Curl Corporation , where he has worked for several years on the design and implementation of the Curl content language and its associated software .
Bert 's admiration for Lisp dates back to his undergraduate days in the 1970's .
After receiving his Ph.D. degree from M.I.T. in 1979 , Bert served as a member of the M.I.T. computer science faculty , where he coauthored a computer architecture textbook and developed the Multilisp programming language , which introduced the use of " futures " in a practical implementation of a parallel , Lisp - based programming language .
Later , Bert worked as a research staff member at the Digital Equipment Corporation Cambridge Research Laboratory in Cambridge , Massachusetts , where he did research on tools to help programmers develop parallel programs and understand their behavior .
The Web has transformed how we access information and applications , but Web application platforms have lagged behind the vision : Highly usable Web applications are too hard to build using established Web technology platforms .
Web content needs to span the spectrum from simple formatted text , through graphics , animations , and scripting , to enterprise - scale applications that use client - side computing .
Curl is the world 's first " content language " spanning this whole spectrum in one unified framework .
The Curl language and implementation borrow from many intellectual traditions in computer science , notably including the Lisp tradition .
The Curl product is now commercially available and is enjoying rapidly increasing adoption .
Richard P. Gabriel is the award - winning author of four books , two poetry manuscripts , and over a hundred technical papers and essays .
He lives in California .
Responsibility for testing and devising how to install new software rests with the development team .
However , people using the software every day must be able to shape and customize it without reliance on the software 's original developers .
Thus future innovations in software will have to produce systems that actively monitor their own activity and their environment , that continually perform self - testing , that catch errors and automatically recover from them , that automatically configure themselves during installation , that participate in their own development and customization , and that protect themselves from damage when patches and updates are installed .
Such software systems will be self - contained , including within themselves their entire source code , code for testing , and anything else needed for their evolution .
Patrick Dussud holds a Masters degree from École Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Saint - Étienne , and has worked at Microsoft for the past 11 years .
His responsibilities include designing garbage collectors and runtime architectures for language such as VBA , Jscript , MS Java and .
NET CLR Currently , he is the Lead Architect for the .NET Common Language Runtime , the Chief Architect for WinFX , and a member of the Windows Architecture team helping with managed code related issues .
Before Microsoft , Patrick was the lead designer of the System Internals of the TI Explorer workstation , and re-engineered most of the rest of the runtime components , leading to a successful , stable Lisp system .
His work on TICLOS was notable for its innovative solutions , and received accolades from other CLOS implementers .
Later he worked at Lucid as the Chief Architect of Energize , a C++ programming environment motivated by Lisp - machine - like programming environments .
Despite the popularity of newer dynamic languages such as scripting languages ( Perl , Python , Ruby , etc ... )
Java and C# , Lisp retains a significant advantage for code introspection and lightweight code generation .
It also features a simple yet powerful runtime library .
However , Lisp is n't well integrated in mainstream computing platforms ( native , Java , . NET CLR ) because of representation choices and other issues .
I am arguing for a new , strongly typed Lisp language which integrates well with the Java platform or the .NET CLR .
By eliminating its main weaknesses , it will allow for a renewal of the popularity of Lisp based on its unique strength .
William D Clinger received his BS and PhD degrees from Texas and MIT in 1975 and 1981 .
He has worked at Indiana University , Tektronix , Lightship Software , the University of Oregon , and Sun Microsystems , and has been a member of the computer science faculty at Northeastern University since 1994 .
His research interests center upon design , specification , and implementation of functional and higher - order programming languages .
He has contributed to the development of Scheme , proved the correctness of a simple code generator and several compiler optimizations , and invented efficient algorithms for hygienic macro expansion , properly rounded conversions from decimal scientific notation to binary floating point , and older - first generational garbage collection .
Common Larceny is an implementation of Scheme for Microsoft 's Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) , which is part of .
NET .
Common Larceny interoperates with other CLR languages using the JavaDot notation of JScheme , generating the JavaDot interfaces just in time via reflection , and caching them for performance .
All other differences between Common Larceny , Petit Larceny , and Larceny derive from differences in the compiler 's target language and architecture : IL / CLR , ANSI C , or machine code .
The Larceny family therefore offers a case study in the suitability of these target architectures for Scheme .
Henry Baker is a founding partner at Baker Capital , a private equity firm with $ 1.5 billion under management headquartered in New York City .
Baker Capital invests in communications - related companies -- examples include Akamai , Sand Video , and Permabit .
Dr. Baker received his SB , MS , and PhD ( 1978 ) from MIT in the EECS Department and was an assistant professor in the CS Dept of the University of Rochester .
While at MIT , Dr. Baker did research in parallel models of computation and in the implementation of computer languages , including real - time garbage collection .
In 1980 , Dr. Baker was one of a score of founders of Symbolics , Inc. , a successful vendor of high - end workstations based on Lisp technology developed at MIT .
The Lisp language was invented by John McCarthy at MIT in the late 1950's and went on to become the " lingua franca " of " Artificial Intelligence " research during the following decades .
In this talk , I give a highly personal view of the various features of Lisp that inspired Lisp 's fanatical following , and try to place Lisp in the context of computing in the 21st century .
In particular , I will give my personal view as to what went right with Lisp during the very important transition to commercial use , and what went wrong .
Finally , I will offer some suggestions for computer languages of the future .
John Allen holds Bachelors and Masters degrees in mathematics .
He did graduate work in mathematics at the University of Chicago , and in logic at Stanford ; he also did research in Computer Science at Stanford 's Artificial Intelligence Lab .
He taught at the University of California at Los Angeles , and at California State University at San Jose .
Periodically he teaches at Santa Clara University .
He is the author of " Anatomy of Lisp " , and was the organizer of the seminal , first Lisp Conference , held at Stanford University in 1980 .
His interests are in the mathematical foundations of Software Engineering .
When I first showed up at Stanford some forty - plus years ago , I met Steve Russell 's three - drawer filing cabinet with the labels " History " , " Mystery " , and " Ballast " .
In this paper I will use Steve 's labels to revisit an early 1960s statement of John McCarthy :
It is reasonable to hope that the relationship between computation and mathematical logic will be as fruitful in the next century as that between analysis and physics in the last .
The development of this relationship demands a concern for both applications and for mathematical elegance .
We begin with enough history - of analysis , physics , and traditional engineering - to motivate our contention that Software Engineering is destined to follow a similar path , moving from a craft - based trade to a theory - based discipline .
Next , the mystery .
We will argue that McCarthy 's hope was not in vain .
In particular that the relationship between computation and mathematical logic , as embodied in typed functional languages , offers both the mathematical elegance and the promise of practical benefits .
Finally , the ballast .
Beginning with an attitude in 1975 , and expanding into a full - featured offering , Ruth Davis and I have developed a course at Santa Clara University that brings a logical approach to Software Engineering .
AllegroCache : A High - Performance Object Database for Large Complex Problems
Jans Aasman , Franz , Inc. ( Oakland , CA )
slides audio AllegroCache , Franz Inc 's new persistent object - oriented layer on top of CLOS , provides a persistent object extension to Common Lisp and is also a full - fledged , industrial - grade database .
It is most suitable for commercial , large - scale and complex applications , where classical relational databases cannot be used effectively .
Also , it runs on all 32 - and 64 - bit platforms supported by Allegro CL .
The paper discusses Franz 's Common Lisp based Btree system that underlies AllegroCache , as well as AllegroCache 's current feature set and road map for future development .
It concludes with some applications and prototypes that have already benefited significantly from the capabilities of AllegroCache .
Jans Aasman started out as an experimental and cognitive psychologist .
He earned his Ph.D in cognitive science with a detailed model of car driver behavior using Lisp and Soar .
He spent most of his professional life in telecommunications research , specializing in intelligent user interfaces and applied artificial intelligence projects .
From 1995 to 2004 he was also a part - time professor in the Industrial Design department of the Technical University of Delft .
Jans joined Franz Inc. in 2004 , and is currently its Director of Engineering .
Optimizing Numerical Performance with Symbolic Computation
John Amuedo , Signal Inference Corporation ( Los Angeles , CA ) Lambda the ( ultimate ) processing element ?
Techniques are presented for optimizing large - grid physical simulations ( e.g. , numerical solution of Navier - Stokes or Maxwell 's equations on irregular domains ) .
Uniform properties of a physical domain are described functionally by composing aggregate - wise operations on sub-grids .
Non-uniformities are modeled element - wise , using compiled lambda expressions .
This strategy appears to provide several performance benefits , including localization of grid element state in physical memory , and physical address resolution at compile - time .
In many cases , overhead associated with iteration across multi-dimensional data using nested loops in conventionally organized physical simulations can be greatly reduced or eliminated .
Compiled Lambda expressions that simulate single grid elements or sub -grids may be scheduled autonomously for parallel execution .
They may also be evaluated on demand in any physically consistent order .
This capability is useful for cellular simulation of wavefront propagation .
John Amuedo is founder of Signal Inference , a Los Angeles engineering firm that provides computational support for scientific and entertainment industries .
As Research Scientist at the MIT AI Lab , John founded the Music Cognition Group with Marvin Minsky and pioneered techniques for automated composition of music from symbolic specifications , and knowledge - based strategies for analyzing superimposed acoustic signals .
John has also worked to improve software development practices in the DARPA HPCS and national laboratory communities .
His current research areas include spectral methods for numerical solution of fluiddynamic and propagating wave problems , classification of acoustic signals , accurate time integration methods , and augmenting Lisp as an extensible , high - productivity replacement for Matlab .
GOALIE : A Common Lisp Application to Discover Kripke Models
Marco Antoniotti , Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences ( New York , NY )
Naren Ramakhrisnan , Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences ( New York , NY )
Bud Mishra , Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences ( New York , NY ) GOALIE is a Common Lisp application that redescribes numerical gene expression value measurements into formal temporal logic models of biological processes .
It finds extensive uses in the analysis of microarray and other high - throughput biological data sets .
GOALIE incorporates several statistical , logical , and ontological modules , connected together through an architecture that exploits various features of several Common Lisp libraries in order to smoothly integrate with popular bioinformatics formats and databases -- the most notable example being the Gene Ontology ( GO ) with the associated GO database .
Marco Antoniotti is a Senior Research Scientist in the NYU Courant Bioinformatics Group .
His interests concentrate in the field of Computational and Systems Biology .
He is the author or co-author of several software systems -- SHIFT from UC Berkeley , Jester from PARADES , and Simpathica from NYU -- and co-authored two patents in the field of Genomics Optical Mapping .
He received his PhD from New York University in 1995 .
Naren Ramakrishnan is an associate professor of computer science at Virginia Tech .
His research interests span computational science , mining scientific data , and information personalization .
He is the recipient of a 2000 NSF CAREER grant , and the 2001 New Century Technology Council Innovation award
He currently serves on the editorial board of IEEE Computer .
Ramakrishnan received his PhD in computer sciences from Purdue in 1997 .
Bud Mishra is a professor of computer science and mathematics at NYU 's Courant Institute , and a professor of cell biology at NYU School of Medicine .
He has developed sophisticated algorithms for problems that range from deciphering the genome of pathogens ( E. coli , P. falciparum , etc. ) to understanding chromosomal aberrations that are implicated in cancer .
His most recent focus has been on a bioinformatics environment , dubbed Valis , supplying better computational tools .
Mishra received his MS and PhD in Computer Science from Carnegie - Mellon University .
Application Development in CLOS / CLIM to Delivery on Multiple Platforms
Sheldon Ball , VA Greater Los Angeles Health Care System ( Los Angeles , CA )
audio Anvita eReference is a prototypical electronic reference integrating clinical medicine and basic biomedical science .
It provides a common interface to : 1 ) decision support for the diagnosis and management of disease ; 2 ) representations of the molecular basis of disease ( molecular pathology ) ; and 3 ) a database of the basic biomedical sciences ( i.e. anatomy , physiology , biochemistry ) .
Fundamental issues addressed in this project are knowledge representation and interface development in the domains of basic science and clinical medicine and seamlessly integrating the two .
Although the major focus of Anvita is internal medicine and molecular pathology , the underlying framework is adaptable to other scientific domains .
Dr. Sheldon Ball received his B.S. ( 1974 ) and Ph.D ( 1978 ) in Chemistry from the University of California at Davis , and his M.D. ( 1983 ) from the University of Miami .
He has received Medical Board Certification in Clinical Pathology ( 1989 ) , Internal Medicine ( 1999 ) , and Geriatrics ( 2002 ) ; and his work experience includes : Research Pathologist ( UCLA ) , Assistant Professor of Pathology ( University of Mississippi 1990 - 1994 ) , Assistant Professor of Pathology ( Medical College of Pennsylvania 1994 - 1996 ) , Adult Medicine Physician ( Kaiser Permanente 1999 - 2001 ) , and Geriatric Fellow ( UCLA 2001 - 2002 ) .
Ball is currently Special Fellow in Advanced Geriatrics and Gerontology , Veterans Administration ( GRECC ) .
He has been programming in Common Lisp since 1988 .
Common Lisp For Java : An Intertwined Implementation
Jerry Boetje , College of Charlston ( Charlston , South Carolina )
slides audio Common Lisp for Java is an open - source implementation of Common Lisp that executes in the Java Runtime Environment .
Under development by undergraduates over multiple semesters , CLforJava differs from other implementations in its meshing of the two languages without a Foreign Function Interface .
Following the natural techniques of each language , CLforJava has a Java API to Lisp components and Java methods are accessible via generic functions .
Documentation from CL forms and doc strings is stored in XML enabling generation of documentation via XSL transformations .
Internationalization support is provided through integration with Unicode 4.0 , locale - based comparisons , a file encoding type , and non-Western character symbol names and digits .
Jerry Boetje holds SB and SM degrees from MIT ( 1972 ) and has done additional CS graduate work at Brown University in 1986 / 7 .
He started his career participating in system designs at Draper Laboratory in Cambridge , MA .
A developer of VAX LISP , he was an architect and director of software engineering for a number of companies on the East and West coasts .
He is now an Instructor in the CS department of the College of Charleston ( SC ) , working with undergraduate and graduate students .
Unicode 4.0 in Common Lisp : Adoption of Unicode 4.0 in CLforJava
Jerry Boetje , College of Charlston ( Charlston , South Carolina )
slides audio The Common Lisp standard contains assumptions regarding ordering , case , naming , and reader attributes appropriate to ASCII encodings .
Other weaknesses are its limited view of character and string ordering and the domain of characters acceptable to the Reader .
Supporting Unicode 4.0 , CLforJava provides rational , backward - compatible extensions to the Common Lisp standard for characters and strings .
Using the Java 1.5 features , CLforJava supports 21 - bit characters , code points , conformance to the approximately 15,000 named characters , locale - based comparisons and formatting , I/ O operations using any of the IANA - defined file encodings , and non-Western symbol names and digits .
We conclude with a proposal for updating the Common Lisp standard to the global environment .
Jerry Boetje holds SB and SM degrees from MIT ( 1972 ) and has done additional CS graduate work at Brown University in 1986 / 7 .
He started his career participating in system designs at Draper Laboratory in Cambridge , MA .
A developer of VAX LISP , he was an architect and director of software engineering for a number of companies on the East and West coasts .
He is now an Instructor in the CS department of the College of Charleston ( SC ) , working with undergraduate and graduate students .
Mixing Lisps in Kawa
Per Bothner , Consultant ( San Jose , CA )
slides audio Kawa started as a Scheme implementation written in Java , based on compiling Scheme forms to Java bytecodes .
It has developed into a powerful Scheme dialect whose strengths include speed and easy access to Java classes .
It is Free Software that some companies depend on .
The Kawa compiler and run-time environment has been generalized to implement other languages besides Scheme , both in the Lisp family ( Emacs Lisp , Common Lisp , and BRL ) , and outside it ( XQuery , Nice ) .
This paper focus on the differences and challenges of implementing Common Lisp ( not usable yet ) and Emacs Lisp , which supports the JEmacs editor .
Per Bothner received degrees from University of Oslo and Stanford ( Ph.D , 1988 ) .
He was an early employee at Cygnus Support , the pioneering company based on Free Software , where he worked on a number of projects .
He was the designer and technical lead of Gcj , a Java ahead - of - time compiler based on GCC .
Per also developed Kawa , which compiles Scheme functions on - the - fly into Java classes .
The Kawa framework is also being used to implement other languages , including Emacs Lisp ( JEmacs ) , Common Lisp , and XQuery .
Per now works in the San José area as a consultant supporting Kawa .
LLAVA : Java in Lisp Syntax
Harold Carr , Sun Microsystems ( Santa Clara , CA )
slides audio LLAVA is Java in Lisp ( lack of ) syntax ( rather than a Lisp or Scheme written in Java ) .
LLAVA does not contain special syntax or functions to call Java methods nor does it define an orthogonal set of types ( such as Scheme strings or Common Lisp arrays ) .
Instead , LLAVA is Java expressed in typical prefix list syntax with all data being native Java data types ( e.g. , instances of Java classes ) .
LLAVA adds additional types ( e.g. , PAIR , PROCEDURE , SYMBOL and SYNTAX ) to enable one to work with lists and to define procedures and macros .
Dr. Harold Carr is a Senior Staff Engineer with Sun Microsystems .
He has fifteen years of experience in distributed computing .
He helped write the OMG Portable Object Adapter specification and was chairperson of the OMG Portable Interceptor specification .
He is responsible for the core PEPT messaging architecture of the Object Request Broker and of JAX - RPC in both J2EE and J2SE .
At the University of Utah , Dr. Carr worked on Portable Standard Lisp , Utah Common Lisp , Concurrent Utah Scheme and Distributed C++ with Hewlett - Packard Research Laboratories and Schlumberger Research Laboratories .
He was Chief Architect of Visual Lisp technology at Autodesk , and was a logic simulation consultant for Cirrus Logic .
A Timely Knowledge - Based Engineering Platform for Collaborative Engineering and Multidisciplinary Optimization of Robust Affordable Systems
David Cooper , Genworks International ( Birmingham , MI ) Since the 1980s , Knowledge - Based Engineering ( KBE ) technology has been used to capture and automate design and engineering in industries such as aircraft and automobiles .
The GDL platform from Genworks International represents a " next generation " KBE toolkit .
GDL provides broader benefits than traditional KBE tools , including : Portable web - based development and runtime environments ; compatibility with contemporary data exchange formats ; independence from proprietary CAD systems ; and robust underlying commercial components ( Allegro CL and SMLib surface / solid modeling ) .
GDL provides automatic caching and dependency tracking for tractable runtime performance of large models , minimal source code volume , and efficient model development and debugging .
David J. Cooper , Jr. is the President and Chief Engineer of Genworks International , a premier vendor of a Knowledge Base language and development tool useful for automating engineering and business processes .
Mr. Cooper has been with Genworks since 1997 .
Before that , he spent about five years with the Ford Motor Company in the Knowledge Based Engineering Department .
He has been a principal presenter at ICAD , Lisp , and KBE Conferences worldwide , most recently at the OMG Technical Meeting for KBE Standardization in San Francisco .
Mr. Cooper holds the following degrees from the University of Michigan : a BA in German , a BS in Computer Science , and a Masters in Computer Science .
How to Make Lisp More Special
Pascal Costanza , Vrije Universiteit Brussel ( Brussels , Belgium )
slides audio Common Lisp provides generalized places that can be assigned via the SETF macro , and provides ways to hook into SETF .
Past attempts to extend this to rebinding places , similar to " special " variables , lead to potentially incorrect behavior : New " bindings " are created by side effects , and therefore affect all threads that access the same places .
Instead of storing values directly we can store symbols in those places and associate the values as symbol values .
This allows us to confine new bindings to the current thread .
As an illustration , I provide a DLETF framework and a CLOS metaclass SPECIAL - CLASS .
Pascal Costanza has a Ph. D. degree from the University of Bonn , Germany , and is a research assistant at the Programming Technology Lab of the Vrije Universiteit Brussel , Belgium .
His past involvements include specification and implementation of the languages Gilgul and Lava , and the design and application of the JMangler framework for load - time transformation of Java class files .
He has also implemented aspect - oriented extensions for CLOS , and currently explores possibilities for making object - oriented programs better adaptable to the context of their use .
He is furthermore the initiator and lead of Closer , an open source project that provides a compatibility layer for the CLOS MOP across multiple Common Lisp implementations .
He has also co-organized numerous workshops on Unanticipated Software Evolution , Aspect - Oriented Programming , Object Technology for Ambient Intelligence , Lisp , and redefinition of computing .
Functional Programming for Signal Processing : There 's More to Life than Inner Loops
Roger Dannenberg , Carnegie Mellon University ( Pittsburgh , PA )
slides audio Nyquist is a very high - level , Lisp - based language for signal processing and music composition .
Although one might expect a language relying on garbage collection , lazy evaluation , and interpreted Lisp to suffer in performance , Nyquist is usually faster than C - based alternatives .
Two factors account for this : ( 1 ) Most computation is in inner signal - processing loops , which are compiled from high - level descriptions and use techniques that would be too tedious to code by hand .
( 2 ) The expressiveness of Nyquist allows mixed sample rates , sample caching , and other algorithmic optimizations .
Thus , high - level language features make Nyquist more usable and more efficient .
Dr. Roger B. Dannenberg is an Associate Research Professor of Computer Science and Art on the faculty of the School of Computer Science and School of Art at Carnegie Mellon University , where he is also a fellow of the Studio for Creative Inquiry .
Dannenberg is well known for his computer music research , especially in programming languages and real - time interactive systems .
His pioneering work in computer accompaniment led to the SmartMusic system now used by tens of thousands of music students .
As a trumpet player , he has performed in concert halls ranging from the historic Apollo Theater in Harlem to the Espace de Projection in Paris .
The GNU ANSI Common Lisp Test Suite
Paul Dietz , Motorola Global Software Group ( Schaumburg , IL )
slides audio ANSI Common Lisp is blessed to have a large , comprehensive standard .
As part of the effort to bring GNU Common Lisp ( GCL ) into compliance with this standard , a large test suite has been constructed .
The suite , distributed as part of the GCL source tree , contains over 20,000 individual tests .
In addition , it has two varieties of randomized high volume testers for lisp compilers ; these have quickly found compiler bugs in every implementation on which they have been run .
The paper also discusses issues with the ANSI CL specification itself revealed during the writing of the test suite .
Paul Dietz is a software engineer at Motorola in the Software Design Automation group .
He received his doctorate in computer science in 1984 from Cornell , and has been using lisp for three decades .
His interests include algorithms , compilers , and software testing .
Langutils : A Fast Natural Language Toolkit for Common Lisp
Ian Eslick , MIT Media Lab ( Cambridge , MA )
Hugo Liu , MIT Media Lab ( Cambridge , MA )
In recent years , Natural Language Processing ( NLP ) has emerged as an important capability in many applications and areas of research .
Natural language can be both the domain of an application as well as an important part of the human - computer interface .
This paper describes the design and implementation of " langutils " , a high performance natural language toolkit for Common Lisp .
We introduce the problems of real - world NLP and explore trade - offs in the representation and implementation of tokenization , POS tagging and phrase extraction .
The paper concludes with a discussion of the use of the toolkit in two natural language applications .
Ian Eslick is a Master 's candidate in the Commonsense Computing group of the MIT Media Laboratory .
He is researching the role of " knowledge rich engineering " in imbuing computers with commonsense reasoning capabilities .
Prior to joining the Media Lab , Eslick was an entrepreneur in the semiconductor and telecommunications industries and he most recently served as a Director of Engineering at Broadcom Corporation .
Hugo Liu is a PhD student at the MIT Media Lab .
His research applies machine learning and narrative understanding to the computational modeling of phenomena such as , inter alia , aesthetics , culture , personality & attitudes , identity , gastronomy , and imagination .
His computational approach to understanding and modeling the self is most influenced by the speculative cognitive architectures of Deleuze , Bergson , Kierkegaard , and Nietzsche .
Hugo writes
Python but thinks in the lambda calculus .
Using delayed streams to discern changing conditions in complex environments : Monitors in Apex 3.0
Will Fitzgerald , NASA Ames Research Center ( Mountain View , CA )
Michael Freed NASA Ames Research Center ( Mountain View , CA ) Apex is a NASA project that provides a number of components for creating and modeling intelligent agents , used for applications from human simulation to controlling an autonomous rotorcraft .
Much of the core technology is written in Common Lisp .
The most recent version of Apex , version 3.0 , provides new capabilities for monitoring changing conditions in complex environments .
In this paper , we describe these capabilities , focusing especially on the use of delayed streams for efficient computation of conditions based on state variable histories .
Will Fitzgerald is an R&D scientist at NASA Ames Research Center , where he works on the Apex software architecture .
Michael Freed , at Ames by appointment through the Institute for Human and Machine Cognition , is the project lead and original developer of Apex and also serves as autonomy lead for the NASA / Army Autonomous Rotorcraft Project .
CLFD : A Finite Domain Constraint Solver in Common Lisp
Stephan Frank , Technical University Berlin ( Berlin , Germany )
Petra Hofstedt , Technical University Berlin ( Berlin , Germany )
slides
In recent years constraint programming has gained much interest and is to a certain extent present in almost every Prolog system .
There are also constraint libraries for imperative languages like Java .
In the lisp world SCREAMER is the established tool for finite domain and interval constraint solving .
However , current research has developed efficient pruning techniques for powerful global constraints like the all - different or global cardinality constraints .
Such constraints are not easy to integrate into SCREAMER .
We present CLFD to provide the base for a more extensible finite domain constraint solver in Common Lisp .
The modular design makes it possible to experiment with different and enhanced domain representation , pruning and search techniques .
Stephan Frank received his diploma in computer science from the Technical University Berlin in 2002 .
Since then he has been pursuing his PhD research in the area of constraint solving and language integration .
In an earlier life he worked for several years for a small computer graphics company in Berlin .
Petra Hofstedt received her diploma in computer science from Technical University Dresden in 1995 .
After that she researched in the areas of parallel functional programming languages and constraint solving .
She received her PhD Degree from the TU Dresden in 2001 for her work on constraint solver combination and coordination .
Since 1999 she is a member of the compiler construction group at the Technical University Berlin in the area of language integration .
Implementing S-expression Based Extended Languages in Lisp
Tasuku Hiraishi , Kyoto University , Graduate School of Informatics ( Kyoto , Japan ) Masahiro Yasugi , Kyoto University , Graduate School of Informatics ( Kyoto , Japan ) Taiichi Yuasa , Kyoto University , Graduate School of Informatics ( Kyoto , Japan )
slides audio
Many extended , C - like languages can be implemented by translating them into C .
This paper proposes an extension scheme for SC languages ( extended / plain C languages with an S - expression based syntax ) .
The extensions are implemented by transformation rules over S - expressions , that is , Lisp functions with pattern - matching on S - expressions .
Thus , many flexible extensions to C can be implemented at low cost because ( 1 ) of the ease with which new constructs can be added to an SC language , and ( 2 ) of the pre-existing Common Lisp capabilities for reading / printing , analyzing , and transforming S - expressions themselves .
We also present a practical example of just such an extended language .
Tasuku Hiraishi received a Bachelors degree in engineering in 2003 , and a Master of Informatics in 2005 , both from Kyoto University , He is currently a PhD candidate at Kyoto 's Graduate School of Informatics .
His research interests include programming languages and parallel processing .
He is a student member of Japan Society for Software Science and Technology .
Masahiro Yasugi received a Bachelors degree in electronic engineering , a Masters degree in electrical engineering , and a Ph.D. degree in information science from the University of Tokyo in 1989 , 1991 and 1994 respectively .
In the mid-1990 's he was a fellow of JSPS ( at the University of Tokyo and University of Manchester ) .
Since 1998 , he is an Assistant Professor at Kyoto University , and an Associate Professor since 2003 .
His research interests include programming languages and parallel processing .
Taiichi Yuasa received a Bachelor of Mathematics degree in 1977 , Master of Mathematical Sciences degree in 1979 , and the Doctor of Science degree in 1987 , all from Kyoto University .
He joined the faculty of the Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences , Kyoto University , in 1982 .
He is currently a Professor at the Graduate School of Informatics , Kyoto University .
His current area of interest include symbolic computation and programming language systems .
A Model - Based Architecture for Entertainment Applications
Matthias Hölzl , Institut für Informatik , Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität ( Munich , Germany )
Many current single - player games manage to create the illusion of a rich environment .
But with few exceptions these games rely on relatively basic mechanisms like finite state machines and on scripted responses ; therefore they have to constrict player behavior .
We are currently building an edutainment program that allows a player to explore a large space of possible scenarios without undue restrictions .
This is achieved by an architecture built on a model - based reasoning system combined with planning and decision components .
The reasoning component is provided by the Snark theorem prover extended with procedural attachments for diachronic reasoning .
Matthias Hölzl received his diploma in mathematics in 1999 and his doctorate in computer science in 2001 .
He currently works as a researcher at Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität München in the group on Programming and Software Engineering ( PST ) .
His recent research has focused on dynamic programming languages , automated reasoning tools , and distributed systems .
A Framework for Dynamic Service - Oriented Architectures
Matthias Hölzl , Institut fur Informatik , Ludwig - Maximilians - Universitat ( Munich , Germany )
Conventional development approaches for service - oriented applications force programmers to deal with many low - level issues and tie the application structure to a particular flavor of service - oriented computing .
We describe a framework for service - oriented architectures that leverages the facilities of dynamic languages to avoid these problems .
Our framework allows the programmer to use services explicitly where this is necessary , but otherwise hides the intricacies of service discovery and inter-service communication .
This is achieved by the introduction of layered protocols that can be specialized at the appropriate level and by making use of introspective and reflective language features .
Matthias Hölzl received his diploma in mathematics in 1999 and his doctorate in computer science in 2001 .
He currently works as a researcher at Ludwig - Maximilians - Universität München in the group on Programming and Software Engineering ( PST ) .
His recent research has focused on dynamic programming languages , automated reasoning tools , and distributed systems .
Rapid Data Prototyping : Crafting Directionless Data Into Useful Information
Rusty Johnson , Northrop Grumman Mission Systems ( Falls Church , VA )
Peter Lindahl , Northrop Grumman Mission Systems ( Falls Church , VA )
William Anderson , Mystech Associates ( Falls Church , VA )
slides audio
Increasing demands for meaningful information extracted from constantly changing data requires the use of fast and flexible tools to engage subject matter experts in the solution construction and refinement process .
Data abstraction must support the developer in the " tactile " handling of the data and domain information .
The functional programming style of Common Lisp and bottom - up programming techniques provide a natural base for encapsulating domain - specific relationships .
Direct use of the domain concepts by developers and applications builds confidence in the quality and accuracy of the final products .
Rusty Johnson and Peter Lindahl were educated in Computer Science at Kansas State University .
They are employed as Lisp Developers by Northrop Grumman for well more than a decade and have worked on various government projects , including the Whitehouse Publications Server .
William Anderson , deceased , was educated in Computer Science at Brigham Young and Kansas State Universities .
He shared many employers with the other two authors .
Bill is credited in this paper for his involvement in the conceptualization and design of Rapid Data Prototyping techniques .
His presence has been missed .
i-dialogue : Modelling Agent Conversation by Streams and Lazy Evaluation
Clement Jonquet , University of Montpellier II & CNRS ( Montpellier , France )
slides audio i-dialogue defines and exemplifies a new computational abstraction which aims to model communicative situations such as those where an agent conducts multiple concurrent conversations with other agents .
The i-dialogue abstraction is inspired both by the dialogue abstraction proposed by O'Donnell in 1985 and by the agent representation and communication model , STROBE ( for STReam , OBject , Environment ) proposed by Cerri in 1996 .
i- dialogue models conversations among processes by means of fundamental constructs of applicative / functional languages .
( i.e. streams , lazy evaluation and higher order functions ) .
The i-dialogue abstraction is adequate for representing multi-agent concurrent asynchronous communication such as it can occur in service providing scenarios on today 's Web or Grid .
Clement Jonquet and Pr. Stefano A. Cerri are both PhD student and professor in computer science at University Montpellier II , in the Laboratory of Informatics , Robotics , and Microelectronics of Montpellier ( LIRMM ) , France .
They are members of the Social Informatics / Kayou team , interested in agents , Web and Grid services , CSP , machine learning , logic etc .
They proposed the STROBE model as a representation and communication agent model highly inspired by applicative / functional languages constructs such as the environment model of evaluation , streams , object as procedure , first - class constructs , continuations , Read - Eval - Print loops etc .
They are also member of the ELeGI project which aims to promote a paradigm shift in e-learning to a collaborative and highly interactive construction of knowledge , based both on Grid technologies and the enactment of the concept of service .
Common Lisp USB Communications Library
Drew Jacobs , Villanova University ( Villanova , PA )
Brian Jorgage , Villanova University ( Villanova , PA )
Frank Klassner , Villanova University ( Villanova , PA )
audio
We describe Common Lisp USB Communication Library .
It provides programmers with a set of methods for interacting with USB devices via byte - streams connected to device endpoints .
We present this library as a first step toward the development of a USB standard for Common Lisp .
The library has been developed for use in Common Lisp environments on Windows and Mac OS X. Drew Jacobs is a MS computer science student at Villanova University .
He received his BS in computer science from Villanova .
His research interests include planners for intelligent gaming agents .
Brian Jorgage earned his BS in Electrical Engineering from Drexel University .
He is currently a MS computer science student at Villanova University .
His research interests lie in the area of USB communication .
Frank Klassner earned a BS in computer science and a BS in electronics engineering from the University of Scranton .
He earned his MS and PhD in computer science from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst .
He is an associate professor in Villanova University 's Department of Computing Sciences .
In addition to Lisp promotion and development his interests include AI , robotics , adaptive signal processing , and computer science .
The Memory Organization Package ( MOP ) for Web Agents
Seiji Koide , Galaxy Express Corporation ( Tokyo , Japan )
audio A Web Service
Agent that automatically discovers , composes , and invokes Web Services actions must be aware of , and adaptive to , the open and unstable environment of the world - wide Web .
In this paper , we address the architecture and components of such a Web Services Agent , including a planner , an executer , the memory , and an interface .
First , we will briefly describe SWCLOS , which is a Semantic Web Processor on top of CLOS .
We will focus on the semantic gap between RDF / OWL and CLOS , and on the realization of Case - Based memory using the Memory Organization Package ( MOP , by Schank et al. ) also built on top of SWCLOS .
The agent memory maintains reflective data from the outside world , instantiates abstract plans generated by the planner , and hands off executable procedures to the executer .
Seiji Koide , General Manager of Galaxy Express Corporation in Japan , has developed SWCLOS , the Semantic Web Processor on top of CLOS , whose details are presented at a tutorial in this conference .
Currently he is directing the Japanese National Project titled " Building Support Systems for Large - Scale Systems Using Information Technology " , the goal of which is to develop a decision support system , using Semantic Web Services , for rocket launch operations .
Three Application Stories using Lisp
Hisao Kuroda , Mathematical Systems Inc. ( Tokyo , Japan )
In this paper , I would like to introduce three Lisp projects I developed during the Year 2004 .
They are ( 1 ) a car - crash testing database system for Honda R&D , ( 2 ) a radiation monitoring system for SPring - 8 and ( 3 ) an intelligent agent system for Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation .
All three applications have generated profits for their respective companies and , since installation , operate non-stop ( 24/7 ) without a single instance of downtime .
Each application includes increasingly popular programming features such as extensive numerical computations , video data processing ( playing ) , DBMS interfaces , client - server operations , HTTP interface with session controlling , remote procedure calls , distributed objects in a network , knowledge representations and so on .
The paper describes this in more detail .
In the process , I hope to convey how incredibly useful Lisp can be for general purpose programming tasks .
KURODA
Hisao works for Mathematical Systems Inc. in Tokyo , and is manager of the Knowledge Engineering Division .
His interests are in programming languages , intelligent computer systems , and Lisp , which he first met up with almost 20 years as Franz Lisp on BSD4.1 .
For the past six years , Kuroda ( as he is known to his English - speaking colleagues ) has been using Common Lisp to develop commercial applications .
His successful projects include : a C compiler for NTT 's parallel computer , a design check system for the piping in an atomic plant , and a legal expert system using Prolog .
Recently , Kuroda was appointed to the Board of Directors of the ALU , the first such member from an Asian country .
Extensions to LISP to Support the Design of Electronic Circuits and Systems
Martin Mallinson
slides audio code LISP as an electronic system development tool is described in detail .
Includes support for new number types , closures to model hardware elements , functions for time and frequency domain analysis .
Includes a scientific data plotter and schematic entry system built on a generic presentation substrate .
Dynamic dialog box generation builds native Windows interface elements at run time .
" Point and click " probing of data from a commercial SPICE program uses simple inter-process communication .
Includes automation of MSWord for background documentation as the design is developed .
Used for designs selling in high volume and has generated more than 20 patented electronic systems .
Martin Mallinson is the Director of IC Design engineering in the ESS Technology design center in Kelowna BC Canada .
Since being introduced to Symbolics machines in 1985 Martin has developed most of his innovative electronic designs as LISP programs before implementing them in analog and digital electronic systems .
Such LISP developed systems include the engine controllers on Airbus and Boeing aircraft and the ESS HyperStream modulators used on DVD Class D amplifiers .
When not designing new electronic devices Martin dedicates himself to re-creating his Symbolics Genera development environment on the PC in Allegro LISP and making it available to a wider community .
You may contact him at .
Syntax Analysis in the Climacs Text Editor
Brian Mastenbrook , Motorola Global Software Group ( Schaumburg , IL )
audio The Climacs text editor is a CLIM implementation of a text editor in the Emacs tradition .
Climacs was designed to allow for incremental parsing of the buffer contents , so that a sophisticated analysis of the buffer contents can be performed without impacting performance .
We describe two different syntax modules : a module for a sequentially - defined syntax of a typical programming language , doing the bulk of its parsing in a per- window function ; and an interactive editor for a textual representation of lute tablature , recursively using a per - buffer function for its parsing .
Brian Mastenbrook is a software engineer at Motorola 's Global Software Group , where he works on automatic code generation from modeling languages .
In his copious free time he participates in a number of open source Common Lisp - related projects , especially Steel Bank Common Lisp .
He holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics from Roosevelt University .
Sheafhom
Mark McConnell , WANDL Inc. ( Warren , NJ )
slides Sheafhom 2.1 is a Common Lisp package for large - scale mathematical computations .
Its front end is a language for problems in algebraic topology and number theory .
These problems come down to large sparse systems of linear equations over the integers , or over other number systems where arithmetic gives exact results .
Sheafhom 's back end solves the sparse systems .
We survey and compare algorithms for integer sparse matrices , and present implementation techniques in Lisp for sparse matrices over different number systems .
Mark McConnell received his B.A. from Harvard and his Ph.D. from Brown , both in mathematics .
After a postdoctoral job at Harvard , he joined the math department of Oklahoma State University , receiving tenure in 1995 .
In 1999 he and his family moved to New Jersey .
He took up his current position at WANDL , Inc. , where he specializes in algorithms for graph layout , discrete optimization and numerical problems .
He and his wife have two children aged 17 and 6 .
He is active in the church as a choir member , composer and layreader .
A Framework for Maintaining the Coherence of a Running Lisp
Drew McDermott , Yale University ( New Haven , CN )
audio slides During Lisp software development , it is normal to revise and reload programs and data structures continually .
The result is that the state of the Lisp process can become " incoherent , " with updates to " supporting chunks " coming after updates to they chunks they support .
The word chunk is used here to mean any entity , content , or entity association , or anything else modelable as up to date or out of date .
To maintain coherence requires explicit management of an acyclic network of chunks , which can depend on conjunctions and disjunctions of other chunks ; further , the updating of a chunk can require additional chunks .
In spite of these complexities , the system presented in this paper is guaranteed to keep the chunk network up to date if each chunk 's " deriver " is correct , the deriver being the code that brings that chunk up to date .
Drew McDermott is Professor of Computer Science at Yale University .
He was educated at MIT , where he received a Ph.D. in 1976 .
His research is in planning , knowledge representation , and inter - agent communication , with side excursions into philosophy .
He coauthored the book " Artificial Intelligence Programming " in the 1980s with Eugene Charniak , Jim Meehan , and Chris Riesbeck , the first book on advanced Lisp for AI applications .
He currently uses Lisp for research into AI planning .
He is on the editorial board of Artificial Intelligence , and is a Fellow of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence .
Advice about Debugger Construction
Arthur Nunes - Harwitt
slides audio A debugger is a tool that allows the programmer to view some aspect of the running program .
This paper will present a specification of the debugger commands step and next for the call - by - value lambda - calculus with constants .
The operationally - defined CEK - machine will be extended to implement these commands in a way that is proven to be faithful to the specification .
This theory will then be used to develop actual debuggers written in Scheme .
Arthur Nunes - Harwitt received his bachelor 's degree in Computer Science from Brandeis University .
He went on to receive masters ' degrees in both Mathematics and Computer Science from the University of Pittsburgh , and is ABD in Computer Science at Northeastern University .
He has worked as a software engineer at the Learning , Research and Development Center in Pittsburgh and at The Mathworks , and has taught at the Wentworth Institute of Technology .
He is currently a faculty member at SUNY Nassau Community College in the Mathematics and Computer Science department .
His interests include the design and implementation of LISP - like languages .
Generating .NET Applications Using Lisp
Alex Peake , Comac , Inc. ( Milpitas , CA )
slides audio Lisp macros are powerful abstraction creators all the way to domain specific language building .
Yet Lisp has poor support for business applications - GUI , database support , enterprise infrastructure and libraries .
The .NET platform has all the support to build business applications , such as libraries , components and infrastructure , yet has no macros ( and other development support that Lisp offers ) .
The ideal would be Lisp .
NET , but since it does not exist we use Lisp to create a macro - like facility ( code generation ) for C# .
The result is an order of magnitude improvement in productivity in the domain business applications .
Alex Peake has been Chief Technologist at Comac , Inc. , an Iron Mountain Company for the last five years .
Prior to that he started several software companies focused on software solutions and services for marketing products and services , including such clients as Disney , Adobe , Allstate , Blue Cross and CompuServe .
He has been exploring programming productivity for more than 15 years , and developing generative solutions for more than 10 years .
He worked for Agilent ( then Hewlett - Packard ) for most of his prior career , focused in testing systems for the telecommunications industry .
He holds an Honors Degree in Physics from Nottingham University .
Performance Beyond Expectations
Lynn Quam , ( Winston , OR )
The performance of Common Lisp based Image Understanding Systems has been significantly improved by the careful choice of declarations , object representations , and method dispatch in a small number of low - level primitives .
In matrix multiplication and image pixel access , the performance achieved is within a factor of two of optimized C code .
Effective Lisp compiler register allocation , fast CLOS slot access , and fast generic function dispatch are critical .
For large grain operations , performance can be further increased using foreign function libraries .
The paper closes with a " laundry list " of features that a Common Lisp implementation should provide for improving performance .
Lynn Quam received a BS in Mathematics from Oregon State University in 1966 and a PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1971 .
From 1966 through 1975 he worked for the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory , where he contributed to the development of Lisp 1.6 and of image processing tools for the analysis of data from NASA 's Mariner 9 and Viking missions .
From 1977 through 1999 , he was a senior research scientist for the Perception Group of SRI 's Artificial Intelligence Center , during which time he developed Lisp based tools and systems for image understanding , including the SRI Cartographic Modeling Environment ( CME ) and the RADIUS Common Development Environment ( RCDE ) .
Lynn retired from SRI in 1999 , but continues to work on an open source successor to CME called FREEDIUS .
Integrating Problem - Solving Models in Common Lisp
Nancy Reed , University of Hawaii , ( Honolulu , HI )
James Moen , Augsburg College , ( Minneapolis , MN ) Nancy E. Reed received her Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota in 1995 .
Her research interests are primarily in the areas of autonomous agents , knowledge - based systems and bio/ medical informatics .
Dr. Reed is an assistant professor in the Information and Computer Sciences Department at the University of Hawaii , Manoa .
She previously taught and did research at Sonoma State University , the University at California , Davis and Linköping University in Sweden .
James B. Moen received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota in 1994 .
His research interests include the application of formal logic to artificial intelligence , and the design and implementation of programming languages .
Dr. Moen is an assistant professor of Computer Science at Augsburg College in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
The ( Re ) Birth of the Knowledge Operating System
JP Massar , BioLingua ( Palo Alto , CA )
Jeff Shrager , Carnegie Institute of Washington , Department of Plant Biology ( Stanford University , Stanford , CA )
Michael Travers , Hyperphor ( Pacifica , CA )
slides audio
We introduce the concept of a Knowledge Operating System ( KnowOS ) , and describe a working example instantiated in two real implementations : a biologist 's knowledge workbench , and a more general knowledge analyst 's workbench .
The services offered by classical operating systems include persistence of data objects and processes , application integration , multi-user management , and both programming and user interfaces .
Whereas classical operating systems provide these services for simple data objects such as files or tables , the KnowOS provides them for networks of complex objects .
Add to this an efficient , interactive , high - level language and one has a powerful environment for knowledge programming .
Michael Travers holds a BS in mathematics and a Ph.D from the Media Lab at MIT , where he conducted research in artificial life , programming languages and environments , and agent - based systems .
His publications include work on knowledge visualization , computer - supported cooperative work , and programming languages .
At IBM 's TJ Watson Laboratory he conducted research on Java tools , including the Skij Scheme implementation , and the use of rule - based systems for modeling business processes .
For the past five years he has been designing systems for computational chemistry at Afferent Systems , where he was Director of Human - Computer Interaction , and Elsevier MDL Inc , where he is Principal Software Engineer .
He is also the Knowledge Representation and User Interface Lead for the BioLingua project .
Jeff Shrager is a research fellow at The Carnegie Institute of Washington , Department of Plant Biology where he studies Cyanobacteria ( the most important organisms on earth ) , a consulting Associate Professor in Symbolic Systems at Stanford where he teaches interaction analysis and symbolic biocomputing ( separately ) , a research scientist at The Inst. for the Study of Learning and Expertise where he works on scientific discovery by humans and computers ( jointly ! ) , and a member of the research staff at PARC where he works on collaborative knowledge - based decision - making .
He probably has several other appointments that he can't remember where he does something else altogether .
Combinatorial Hypercoding with Macro- Defining Macros
Robert Vogt , Vogt & Partners ( Ann Arbor , MI )
slides
This paper outlines a process which starts from a single image processing operation , expressed initially in a very compact but general way .
Then , in a more elaborate but optimized form , it is expressed as a first - level macro , which allows one to express similarly - structured , optimized functions that differ only in the data - element operation being executed .
Following that , a more complex , second - level or " macro- writing macro " is described , which allows one to create hundreds macros sharing the same basic framework , but differing in terms of specific data - element types , scanning directions , argument structure , and optimization levels being supported .
These automatically generated macros can then in turn be used to generate combinatorial libraries of methods that are optimized for specialized operations on specific image data types , again in an entirely automated fashion .
Dr. Vogt 's primary interest is in intelligent vision systems .
He received his Ph.D in Computer Science .
at the University of Michigan , where his thesis , " Automatic Generation of Morphological Set- Recognition Algorithms , " was published by Springer in 1989 .
In it , he used Lisp to automatically discover and write simple image processing algorithms based on a special purpose high - speed machine known as the ERIM Cytocomputer .
As part of that thesis research , he spent two years working at Thomson - CGR in Paris , and at the French Ecole des Mines de Fontainebleau ( birthplace of " mathematical morphology " a set theoretic framework for shape - based image analysis . )
Since then , he has concentrated on developing algorithms for commercial and government applications , using a variety of imaging modalities .
These cover a wide range of problem domains including medical , industrial , defense , intelligence , remote sensing , and document exploitation .
A New GOFAI Theory : How Language Works
Wai Yeap , Auckland University of Technology ( Auckland , New Zealand )
slides audio Many early AI " theories " about how the mind works were implemented in LISP and such works brought much excitements to the field of AI research in the 70's and 80's .
LISP and AI were inseparable then .
Somehow such works rarely appear in AI conferences anymore and LISP went out of fashion .
Given this re-birth of a conference on LISP , this paper will discuss a new GOFAI theory on language implemented in LISP .
Like the good old days , this paper is part AI , part LISP .
Professor Yeap is the Director of the Institute for Information Technology Research at the Auckland University of Technology , New Zealand .
His first love in AI is to understand how large - scale space is perceived .
He developed a computational theory of cognitive mapping and implemented in LISP ( see AI , v. 34 , 1988 ; AI , v. 107 , 1999 ) .
His second , started 10 years ago , is to understand how language works .
He is currently developing a computational theory of language , and of course implemented in LISP .
He keeps LISP alive in New Zealand , being the only group actively using LISP .
A Collaborative Framework for Managing Uncertainty and Cognitive Bias
Eric Yeh , SRI International ( Menlo Park , CA )
Cognitive bias is a common problem encountered in analysis and decision - making .
Humans , often unknowingly , have a tendency to skew assessments and decisions based on background , experiences , and prejudices .
Angler is a collaborative framework that employs divergent and convergent problem solving strategies to help mine out and overcome these cognitive biases .
Tools such as brainstorming , clustering , and voting , are used to help a set of diverse professionals complete a knowledge task .
Angler is a web - based application , using a combination of AllegroServe and Active Lisp Pages , to create an asynchronous collaborative environment that can be deployed with a minimum of software installation .
Eric
Yeh is a software engineer at the Artificial Intelligence Center at SRI , where he is a member of the Reasoning and Representation Group .
His interests include issues evidential reasoning , knowledge - discovery and reasoning over semi and unstructured data , and reasoning and action under uncertainty .
Eric has a B.A. in Computer Science from the University of California at Berkeley .
Since Republicans can't win fair , they resort to cheating .
TPM has been documenting the nasty tactic :
What we 're seeing is an apparent coordinated effort from the NRCC -- the House GOP committee -- to place calls that appear to be from the local Democratic candidate and then automatically call the same number back as many as seven or eight times each time the caller hang - ups .
If the caller listens to the whole message it goes on to bash the Democratic candidate .
But if the caller hangs up prematurely , the computer calls right back .
Hang -ups are the achilles heal of robo-calls .
So this seems to be an attempt to cover for that weakness by making those who hang up think the Democratic candidate is basically harassing them with phone calls .
The GOP wins either way .
In some states ( like NH ) , these calls are banned .
But it does n't matter to the amoral Republicans .
What is there to do about it .
As described , the calls appear to be in violation of federal regulations which mandate that these calls clearly identify their origin .
The repetitive call back may also be a violation in different states .
The New Hampshire AG apparently just intervened to force the NRCC to stop the calls in that state .
But frankly , none of that matters .
Because the folks placing the calls factor in the price of whatever fines might be meted out after the election when the damage is already done .
Truthfully , I do n't think there 's really much to do but publicize it and then get out and vote .
A lot of these races remain inside the MOE , the margin of error .
And that means the MOT , the margin of theft .
If Dems want to pick up seats on Tuesday they 'll have to get a lot of these races out of the MOT .
Because as long as they 're inside , the Republicans can still grab them with a mix of voter suppression , dirty tricks and election fraud .
There may be something to do .
NH has fines per call .
Other states do as well .
We can engage in an effort to cost the GOP serious money post-election .
And we can pressure state legislatures and ( the hopefully Dem - lead Congress ) to ban them with MASSIVE fines for infractions .
Read TPM for various examples , like :
I was canvassing in Stamford , CT for Lamont and Farrel yesterday ... some of the canvassers were talking about a nasty robocall hit on Farrell , which they said people at the doors had talked about .
I did n't hear that at the door personally , but I was n't focusing on the congressional race - i was talking about Lamont primarily .
Apparently the call starts with something along the lines of " Diane Farrell has some information for you , " then pauses , waiting for annoyed people to hang up , and then delivers a negative message about Farrell .
The canvassers say the call has hit some people as much as 6 times , and at 5 - 6 am as well .
Presumably , the intent is to annoy people and stick Farrell with the negative name ID as somebody who keeps robo - calling them .
And :
I was handing out leaflets for John Hall yesterday at a grocery store .
There were two tables , a democratic one and a Republican one .
When I was handing out palm cards , several people said to me something like , " I WAS going to vote for John Hall , until I got all those phone calls .
I got seven or eight , right at dinner time . "
The guy from the Republican table , who was a local district leader -- friendly and chatty , actually came over to me and said , " You know , most of those are coming from Sue 's office , but do n't tell anybody . "
I do n't know how high his connections are to the Kelly campaign , but that 's the information he volunteered .
And :
For the second straight day yesterday , Democratic field offices received dozens of phone calls and e-mails from frustrated voters upset about repeated automated phone calls they thought were coming from Democratic candidate Paul Hodes - though the calls were paid for by a Republican group instead .
The National Republican Congressional Committee spent nearly $ 20,000 on the calls last week .
Depending on the rate , that could mean more than 300,000 automated phone calls into the Second Congressional District .
Incumbent Republican Congressman Charlie Bass denounced the calls yesterday and said he tried to get the NRCC to put a stop to them .
But a spokesman for the NRCC said the automated phone calls would continue indefinitely .
" The calls will continue as planned , " said Alex Burgos , a spokesman for the NRCC , the national group charged with electing Republicans to the House .
" They are done independently of Charlie Bass 's campaign .
He has nothing to do with them . "
This is a GOP devoid of ideas or accomplishments to run on , with no illusions that an honest campaign will net them victories .
They are resorting to cheating and deception of the worst kind .
This is a really long entry about some lectures I attended today .
Extremely abbreviated versions follow for those who are more interested in silly stories than serious computer science stuff .
Update : Phil Windley also did a recap , and he had access to a transcription , so his is more complete : I just got back from two lectures given by Alan Kay at the University of Utah .
The first one was mostly about how the terms " computer science " and " software engineering " are misnomers for what is currently being practiced by almost everyone in the computer field .
He started out by naming one of his teachers , Bob Barton , who " did n't like grad students " and " did n't like talking " .
Bob 's philosophy was that there are a lot of good written things about computer science , that in order to learn them you need to have them in written format so you can stop and think and go back and re-read at will , and that lecturing in class only fills students ' heads with stories that do n't accurately reflect reality .
So , he said , I 'm not going to lecture in this class .
Instead what I 'm going to do is teach you how everything you think you know is wrong .
Alan said " he garbage collected our brains " .
The theme of " everything you think you know is wrong " was repeated throughout both lectures , but I more or less missed it until the Q&A section after the first one .
He showed a video clip of several Harvard students ( and one professor ) at graduation , being asked to explain why we have seasons .
Every single one of them ( including one who studied astronomy and physics ) said that it 's because in the winter , the earth gets farther from the sun .
These are Harvard graduates - can we really expect ourselves to be better in our field of " expertise " ?
He then named a few examples of actual engineering and science and compared them to the way " computer science " and " software engineering " are being practiced today :
The pyramids in Egypt - these were an example of non-engineering .
They basically brute forced ( using about 200,000 slaves ) a huge pile of junk together and covered it with a pretty user interface - limestone .
The analogy here probably does n't need to be expounded upon , but just in case , he also mentioned that Windows has 70 million lines of code in it , with nowhere near 70 million lines of content .
But they 're terrified to take anything out because they do n't know what something else might rely on .
All they can do is add to it .
He contrasted the pyramids with the Empire State Building .
If I recall correctly , it was completed to occupancy by 3,000 people in less than eleven months .
A program as huge ( for a program ) as the Empire State Building is ( for a building ) getting completed by so few people in such a small amount of time is absolutely unheard of .
( Yes , 3,000 people is a huge number for a software project , but I imagine in skyscraper construction it's a small to medium sized team . )
He also talked about jet engines and how fundamentally simple they are .
Any third grader can understand how they work .
And they 're consistently built so well that thousands of people every day strap themselves onto one of them and go hurtling across a couple thousand miles of ocean without thinking twice .
That is engineering .
What we ( computer geeks ) do does n't come close .
His " new favorite " was the pumps that ran in New Orleans when Hurricane Katrina hit .
There were a handfull of pumps in the city designed to keep water out in the event of a flood , but only two of them kept working the entire time .
One was made in 1920 , the other was made in 1912 .
All of the newer pumps failed before the levees broke .
I think there are some systems that control trains in Europe that have been running continuously for a couple of decades , but such systems are by far the exception in software .
People with backgrounds in mathematics , physics , and chemistry ( which made up the bulk of the early computer scientists ) " know B.S. when they see it " , he said .
But computer scientists today , who generally do n't receive a strong education in the hard sciences , never learn what it means to actually be an engineer or a mathematician .
As he spoke about this he made a circular / cycling motion with his hands , which I inferred to mean that computer scientists are stewing in their own recycled bullshit .
We learn it from our teachers , grow up and get teaching jobs , and repeat it to our students .
Kind of like environmental scientists , but I wo n't go there .
Not today .
Finally , he pointed out that there have been no significant advances in computer science for several decades .
He 's got some background in biology , and for years he tried to keep up with the field .
Every couple of months he'd go over the new developments in biology , but several years ago things were moving way too fast for him to keep up .
Not so in computer science .
We 're still mostly catching up with Lisp .
Speaking of Lisp , he named it as the single most important idea in computer science .
At the end of the lecture I asked him to list the one or two most important things I could do to become a better computer scientist .
His answer , in short , was to make a list of everything I think I know about computer science , and then do my best to smash all of them .
He made the analogy of going to a different culture .
At first everything looks strange , but eventually you start to see that the way they do things are just different ways of solving the same problems we face in the US .
More importantly , the way they solve the problems is no better than the way we do ; it 's just different .
But in computer science , we see only the way we 've been taught , and have no other perspectives .
I 'm leaving out a lot of things he said about the development of printing technology , how a Gutenberg bible was the equivalent of an early workstation , how about a hundred years after Gutenberg , an Italian ( whose name I 'm forgetting ) determined that a book should be cheap and portable and starting making books the appropriate size to fit in a gentleman 's saddlebags ( the size which persists today in paperback books , incidentally , just like railroad tracks are the same width as chariots ) , and how those books were the equivalent of personal computers .
Books before Gutenberg started making them cost the equivalent of ( in modern day money ) millions of dollars to purchase - the book itself was worth more than the gems inlaid into the cover .
A Gutenberg bible was cheap - it only cost two or three years worth of a clerk 's wages .
Libraries had between a dozen and a couple hundred books , and no shelves - each book had its own table , which it was chained to so you could n't steal it .
The analogy between early books and early workstations is obvious .
The second lecture was about building the $ 100 laptop , bringing it to children in the third world , and the impact he hoped it would have on education there .
There was a lot of talk about the specs of the laptop , a little bit about how he'd had the idea for it back in the 1950's , and some discussion about how to prevent the laptops ( which would be given to the children for free ) from being resold to buy food .
One thing he mentioned was personalizing the laptops so thoroughly that they would be impossible for a third party to use .
When he mentioned this , I immediately thought of A Young Lady 's Illustrated Primer ( also called The Diamond Age ) by Neal Stephenson .
Apparently a lot of other people did too , because in the Q&A following that lecture , two other people mentioned it .
The first time they did , Kay gave sort of a disgusted grunt and said " Stephenson was such a latecomer . "
The second time it was mentioned , he stopped and explained why it bothered him .
He 's friends with both McCarthy and Stephenson , and apparently there is n't a single idea in The Diamond Age ( except maybe nanotech ... ) that McCarthy did n't have first .
" If you want to read something good " , he said , " go read McCarthy 's papers on the subject .
" Afterward we all went to the alumni building for free food .
I did n't even bother trying to get some time talking to him , though I do plan to email him about getting his laptops into Morocco during their next run of 100,000 units .
There was a handfull of Comp Sci students there that I hung out with for a bit , and they told me about a lunch that they were all at earlier in the day with Alan Kay .
Apparently , one of the students said to Kay , " I do n't see why you need anything more than C to write an operating system with . "
This is like saying to Einstein , " I do n't see why we need anything better than Newtonian physics to describe the universe . "
A good 15 minutes of humiliation followed .
_ [ Web制作 ] サイト運営者は SEO / SBO を考慮して URL を正規化し分散させないようにすべ き
「 ソーシャルブックマーク最適化（SBO）」を考えてみよう@小林Scrap
Book とか本日の超人気エントリから読み解く人気エントリタイトル作り7の実例@YappoLogs
等という、内容の書き方を中心とした SBO について語られているエントリがあるのだが、まあまず最初にやるべきことは同一の情報を複数の
URL に分散させないことだろうということでメモをまとめておく。
はてブを使い始めてそろそろ1年近く経つが、その中で時々気になるのが、Slashdot の同一エントリがバラバラに複数ブクマされてること。
原因は、
トップページからのリンク先 → http://slashdot.jp/articles/YY/MM/DD/XXXXXXX.shtml
古いストーリーからのリンク先 → http://slashdot.jp/article.pl?sid=YY/MM/DD/XXXXXXX
RSS からのリンク先 →
http://slashdot.jp/article.pl?sid=YY/MM/DD/XXXXXXX&from=rss
と、同一コンテンツが表示される URL が複数存在し、そこへ到達する道筋によって無益な URL 分散が発生しているため 。
asahi.com や CNET 等は、かつて同様に RSS からのリンク先に全て ?
ref=rss が末尾についていたためにブクマ分散が起こっていたようだが、これについては
URL の末尾に「?ref=rss」がある場合は自動的にカットしてくれる機能がはてブに追加されたことにより改善された模様。
Slashdot 等についてもはてブ側で自動的に正規化してくれると良いのですが、さすがに「あれもこれも対応してらんねーよ」ということで放置中。
まあこういうことは、本来 SBM 運営側でなくサイト運営側が配慮すべきことだよね。「RSS
から飛んできた」ことをログとして捕捉するために付けているのはわかるんだけど、200 でそのまま記事を表示するのではなく、301 で ?ref=rss を抜いた URL に転送すべきだろうと 。
同様に、
〜/ と 〜/index.html の分散は発生しがちだが、どちらかに集約されるように転送すべき
http://www.example.com/ と http://example.com/
と、どちらの URL でも同じコンテンツにアクセスできるようにすることは良いことだが、どちらでも同じコンテンツが見えるようにするのではなく、どちらかに集約されるように転送すべき
だと。
というわけで、このサイトの場 合 http://www.pmakino.jp/ も http://blackcats.jp/pmakino/ も http://blackcats.jp/~pmakino/
も http://202.222.19.15/~pmakino/ も全部 http://pmakino.jp/
に転送するようにしてあるわけですが、別に
SEO したいわけじゃなくて、同一ページが検索で複数並ぶと不便でしょ、というだけのこと。
URL ( URI ) はWebサイト構築における非常に重要な設計対象のひとつである
[ URLを変えるな ！ ( 3 ) − 後悔しないため のWebデザイン@Web屋のネタ帳 より引用 ]
だよね。
今時の Web エンジニアで URL 設計に気を配らない奴は素人だ 。
別の視点で、INTERNET
Watch と BB Watch が全く同一内容の記事を別々に掲載してたり、同様に
CNET と ZDNet が全く同一内容の記事を別々に掲載しているのもいかがなものかと…。これも
SBO 損失を招いてますね。もう少し棲み分けを考えないんでしょうか。
関連リンク : はてなブックマーク - タ グ「 SBO 」
関連リンク : 親愛なるDigg.comに素敵な提案、たった3行で100万ドルの無駄を防いであげる@Web担当者Forum
「 スラッシュドット の URL が正規化されている」に続く 。
Profile User : node Name : victim of the information age Entry Tags Links Latest Month February 2012 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Search Search :
Category : Site & User FAQ Site Region Interest Username Email Gizmo / LJ Talk AIM ICQ Number Yahoo !
ID MSN Jabber
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " utf - 8 " ?> < xsl:stylesheet xmlns:xsl= " http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform " version = " 1.0 " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
< xsl :output method = " html " indent =" no " encoding = " iso - 8859 - 1 " /> <!--
This template reads six parameters : previous : the value of " start " for the previous page perPage : number of entries per page next : the value of " start " for the next page total : total number of pages current : the page number we 're currently on ( we do n't create a link to this ) pageuri : uri to the current page ( minus ? start= ... params )
The " start " info for previous / next points to the first record in the xml file to display for that page .
If current is not 1 or total , we mark up both prev / next labels .
We display ten entries at a time .
If we have more than that , we display ellipses representing previous / next sets of entries .
We do display " previous " link ( links to current page - 1 ) if current page > 1 if pstart mod 10 = 0 pstart = pstart - 9 else pstart = current - ( current mod 10 ) + 1 if current > 10 display ... link ( links to pstart - 1 ) if total > ( pstart + 9 ) pend = pstart + 9 display pstart to pend links ( links to pages ) display ... link ( links to pend + 1 ) else pend = total display pstart to pend links ( links to pages ) display " next " link ( links to current page + 1 ) if current page != total --> < xsl:template name= " paging " > < xsl:param name= " previous " /> < xsl:param name = " perPage " /> < xsl : param name = " next " /> < xsl:param name= " current " /> < xsl: param name = " total " /> < xsl:param name= " pageuri " /> < xsl:variable name = " pstart " > < xsl:choose > < xsl : when test= " ( $ current mod 10 ) = 0 " > < xsl:value - of select= " $ current - 9 " /> </ xsl : when > < xsl:otherwise > < xsl:value - of select= " $current - ( $ current mod 10 ) + 1 " /> </xsl:otherwise > </xsl:choose > </ xsl:variable > <!-- display previous link --> < xsl : if test = " $current != 1 " > < a href= '{ $pageuri}?start={$previous}&pgno={$current - 1} ' class= ' gray '> Previous </ a> </ xsl : if > < xsl : if test = " $current > 10 " > < xsl:variable name= " prevEllipsesPageNo " select = " $pstart - 1 " /> < xsl:variable name= " prevEllipsesStart " select= " 1 + ( $ prevEllipsesPageNo - 1 ) * $ perPage " /> < a href= '{ $pageuri}?start={$prevEllipsesStart}&pgno={$prevEllipsesPageNo} ' class= ' gray '>...</ a> </xsl:if > < xsl:choose > < xsl : when test = " $ total > ( $ pstart + 10 ) " > < xsl:variable name = " pend " select = " $ pstart + 9 " /> < xsl :call - template name = " do - page " > < xsl : with - param name = " perPage " select = " $ perPage " /> < xsl : with - param name=" counter " select = " $ pstart " /> < xsl : with - param name=" current " select= " $ current " /> < xsl : with - param name = " total " select = " $ pend " /> < xsl : with - param name= " pageuri " select= " $ pageuri " /> </xsl:call-template > < xsl:variable name= " nextEllipsesPageNo " select = " $pend + 1 " /> < xsl:variable name= " nextEllipsesStart " select= " 1 + ( $nextEllipsesPageNo - 1 ) * $ perPage " /> < a href= '{$pageuri}?start={$nextEllipsesStart}&pgno={$nextEllipsesPageNo} ' class= ' gray '>...</ a> </xsl : when > < xsl:otherwise > < xsl:variable name= " pend " select = " $ total " /> < xsl :call - template name = " do - page " > < xsl : with - param name = " perPage " select = " $ perPage " /> < xsl : with - param name=" counter " select = " $ pstart " /> < xsl : with - param name=" current " select= " $ current " /> < xsl : with - param name = " total " select = " $ pend " /> < xsl : with - param name= " pageuri " select= " $ pageuri " /> </xsl:call-template > </xsl:otherwise > </xsl:choose > <!-- display next link --> < xsl : if test = " $current != $ total " > < a href= '{ $pageuri}?start={$next}&pgno={$current + 1} ' class= ' gray '>
Next </a> </xsl:if > </ xsl:template > < xsl :template name = " do- page " > < xsl:param name= " perPage " /> < xsl:param name= " counter " /> < xsl:param name= " current " /> < xsl: param name = " total " /> < xsl:param name= " pageuri " /> < xsl:choose > < xsl : when test= " $ counter = $ current " > < span style = " color : white ; " >< strong > < xsl:value - of select= " $ current " /></strong></span>
</ xsl : when > < xsl:otherwise > < a href= '{ $pageuri}?start={1 + ( $ counter - 1 ) * $ perPage}&pgno={$counter} ' class= ' gray '>< xsl:value - of select= " $ counter " /></a> </xsl:otherwise > </xsl:choose > < xsl : if test= " $ counter < $ total " > < xsl :call - template name = " do - page " > < xsl : with - param name = " perPage " select = " $ perPage " /> < xsl : with - param name=" counter " select= " $ counter + 1 " /> < xsl : with - param name=" current " select= " $ current " /> < xsl : with - param name = " total " select = " $ total " /> < xsl : with - param name= " pageuri " select= " $ pageuri " /> </xsl:call-template > </xsl:if > </xsl:template > </xsl:stylesheet >
I needed pagination in XSL .
Tags : geek , webdev write
permlink
Share
Flag
Is n’t it cute ?
Now , let me tell you a few things about it .
First of all , it ’s not real , or at least not yet .
The “ Nokia Open ” would be a cell phone that opens like a fan with a “ scrollable touch screen , ” which seems to be an essential - yet - nonexistent item that would need to be invented in order for this to work .
Quite of a paradox , ai n’t it ?
With the push of the button , the phone would open up allowing you to navigate and use its functions .
This really is futuristic , but not really that far away as flexible displays via e-paper will be implemented in the next decade among the electronic equipments .
Featured Tags cell
Posted in Gadgets by Bogdan Boghiu
first her album leaks and now paris hilton gets a parking ticket while shopping on roberstson with sister nicky !
i am about to head out the door to go have brunch with a dear popbytes friend so i will check you all later !
popbytes over & out for now … xxoo !
SOURCE LIMELIGHT
Explicit sex in films and books used to be shocking but there are signs of a new liberalism gaining ground .
This autumn John Cameron Mitchell 's film Shortbus - which shows unsimulated sexual relationships in all their fun and intimacy - opened in America without a peep from anyone .
Are we growing up at last ?
You could say it starts with a bang .
John Cameron Mitchell 's film Shortbus begins with a looping tracking shot over a cardboard cutout of Manhattan .
Then his voyeur camera looks inside three apartment windows .
In one , a young man is in a yoga position up on his shoulders , his legs arched above his head , slowly fellating himself to ejaculation .
In another , a couple are having the noisiest every - which - way sex , to no obvious end .
In the third , a student is being humiliated by a dominatrix , to such an explosive degree that he eventually adds his own DNA squiggle to a Jackson Pollock print on the far wall .
Each of these scenes sets the tone for what follows : an extraordinarily graphic , extremely funny and touchingly human film about the tragi - comedy of sex .
The character of any age is tellingly revealed in the popular representation of intimacy .
For all the sexualisation of our culture , we live in strangely repressed times : a late - night , infrared fumble on Big Brother is front - page news .
While the online porn industry , with its humourless siliconed stereotypes , is worth a reported $ 10 bn a year - more than the cumulative box - office receipts of Hollywood - real human sexual relationships , vulnerable and fun , are hardly anywhere to be seen .
One of the achievements of Shortbus , once you have got used to the unsimulated sex ( an adjustment that , after the opening , happens surprisingly quickly ) is to make you realise how odd it is that such a film has not been made before : why make romantic comedies for adults that stop at sex , when so much of the comedy and drama of romance occurs because of it ?
Real sex on mainstream screens is no longer new or shocking in itself .
Since the censors at the British Board of Film Classification relaxed guidelines in a surge of fin de siecle liberalism , there have been several films that have created ( and courted ) headlines by depicting honest couplings : Michael Winterbottom's 9 Songs , most of which fell flat , opened a debate on the subject ; Catherine Breillat 's misanthropy in Romance prefigured the manipulative sexual violence of Baise - Moi ( ' rape me ' ) ; Patrice Chereau 's Intimacy broke new ground by having name actors - Kerry Fox and Mark Rylance - getting it together .
In all these cases , however , the sex was doomed , furtive or violent ; usually a symbol of loneliness rather than connection , a guilty secret .
The films reflected that tendency , taken to extremes in the novels of Michel Houellebecq , to suggest that all modern sexuality is desperate or self - loathing .
Houllebecq set out his stall in his first novella , Whatever : ' In reality , ' he wrote , as a kind of manifesto , ' the successive sexual experiences accumulated during adolescence undermine and rapidly destroy all possibility of projection of an emotional and romantic sort ; progressively and , in fact , extremely quickly , one becomes as capable of love as an old slag .
And so one leads , obviously , a slag 's life ; in ageing , one becomes less seductive and on that account bitter .
One is jealous of the young , and so one hates them ...'
And so on .
In Porno , his sequel to Trainspotting , Irvine Welsh picked up this fashionably prevailing mood and suggested that video and the internet have made us all into addicted voyeurs .
The growth in DIY porn is the new drugs , he argued : kids are no longer shooting up but shooting footage of themselves having sex and then showing these films in the back room of their local , or , more likely , posting them on websites .
Porn is ' like eating McDonald's , ' Welsh wrote .
' People know it wo n't do them any good but it becomes compulsive ; amateur porn is the new karaoke ...'
Shortbus takes on such reductive arguments and attempts to find a way through them .
The exhibitionists in the opening sequence are quickly revealed as real people , trying to make sense of themselves through sex .
Mitchell 's approach to them feels like something new because it is prepared to risk proper intimacy and is happy to be less than solemn about the results .
Sex , the way people do it , what it says about them , becomes a character trait to explore rather than a symptom of a society in decay .
Perhaps because of this , Shortbus has a regular 18 certificate and nationwide distribution .
In America , where it came out in October , it was universally applauded - Time magazine called it ' unmissable ' , the New York Times suggested that 'as Utopian visions go , it does n't get much better than Shortbus , ' and went on to say that Mitchell 's film was a welcome blast of optimism 'at odds with an American movie mainstream that has grown progressively more prudish about sex over the last three decades , while its representations of violence have grown more obscenely violent .
Hollywood says let it bleed .
Mr Mitchell would rather we get off on life ...'
Unusually the public too seemed to get the message that , though explicit , the film was clearly not porn ( the purpose of porn is simply to arouse , Mitchell argues , the sex here is a way of exploring the interior life of the characters ) .
Most remarkably of all , perhaps , the film did not excite any censorious comment from the religious right ; the anti-gay lobby stayed quiet , even Rush Limbaugh kept shtum .
It would be tempting to think that this was because America was finally getting a bit more grown up about sex , or because the nation at war with itself was ready for some frank hedonism .
When I met Mitchell in London a couple of days after I had seen his film , though , he offered an alternative explanation .
He was a little disappointed about the fact his film had not excited picket lines of shocked Middle Americans , or fulminating editorials , but he put it down not to a new open - mindedness but to Republicans being ' busy losing the midterm elections and with their own sexual scandals ' .
He felt he had done his level best to stir up a little patriotic debate - in one memorable scene , the hindmost participant in a gay threesome sings a necessarily muffled version of ' The Star - Spangled Banner ' - but there was nothing .
Maybe he was too successful in his overall aim , which he saw as ' reminding people that sex can be sweet .
In the US in particular , sex is just porn or kind of wrist - slashing .
We crush it from above ; it 's this multibillion - dollar industry we can't talk about ; then Janet Jackson 's tit pops out and all hell breaks loose ...'
Mitchell believes British audiences may be even more readily disposed toward the film than American ones ; the response at the London premiere , a standing ovation , matched that his film received at Cannes .
' Each country has a slightly different way of approaching how to get it out , ' he says .
' Over here , they seem to be targeting straight females , maybe hoping they will drag the boyfriend along .
Which is one way of doing it I guess . '
Mitchell seems an unlikely sexual revolutionary .
Aged 42 and determinedly boyish , he is the son of an American general , who was commander of US forces in Berlin in the years leading up to 1989 and the fall of the wall .
In his previous film , the remarkable Hedwig and the Angry Inch , he directed himself as an East Berlin transvestite and ' internationally ignored song stylist ' , survivor of a botched sex - change operation ( hence ' the inch ' ) .
He picks up some of those ' cabaret ' themes again in Shortbus , which is the name of a liberated club in Dumbo ( Down Underneath the Manhattan Bridge Overpass ) in Brooklyn , where the three characters introduced in his opening scenes eventually find some satisfaction .
Watching the film , in this knowledge , you can't help but wonder what his parents made of it .
' They are sort of horrified , ' he admits .
' They are very pro-Bush and very conservative .
People in the States tend to circle the wagons , especially lately . '
Have they watched Shortbus ?
' No , they said , " Well , you did n't go to see The Passion of the Christ ... "
I pointed out that they did not make The Passion of the Christ .
And anyhow , why would I prefer to go and see some three - hour film in which a man is flayed alive than two people having it off ?
That kind of says all you need to know about this stupid Western culture we live in .
My film finally reached Colorado Springs , where my parents live , which is kind of where all the evangelicals end up .
My mother emailed me to say they were thinking of going but there was a snowstorm ...
I emailed them , " Do not go to the movie . " '
Mitchell is something of an evangelist himself , though in his case for a cheerful sexual frankness .
When I am talking to him , singer Rufus Wainwright 's plea for an American Second Coming in ' Gay Messiah ' finds its way into my head : ' He will then be reborn / From 1970s porn / Wearing tube socks with style / and such an innocent smile . '
Shortbus enjoys just such a revivalist energy , which is perhaps , in Bush 's polarised America , gaining more and more currency .
At one point in the film , Mitchell has Justin King , the master of revels at an anything - goes house party , announce brightly : ' It is just like the Sixties , only with less hope . '
There is , in this sense , a determination about Mitchell to take up the challenge of Bertolucci's Last Tango in Paris or Oshima 's
Ai no corrida and make the screen once again a place where the in timacies of adult couples can be dramatised .
It seemed , back in the Seventies , that the new realism that had come into film depictions of violence would naturally extend to sexuality .
But then studios lost their nerve , special effects took over , Aids cast a shadow and properly complex sex came close to disappearing from Hollywood films .
It was at that point that a sleazier , joyless version went underground and online , and low - budget pornography became America 's biggest growth industry .
In this sense , I suggest to Mitchell , Shortbus is a kind of Sixties throwback , or at least a post - Aids , post - 9/11 New York film .
' That was n't completely conscious , ' he says .
' But yes , there are other films that have been using sex and they came out after Aids was off the front page , at least in the Western world , and they were still unrelentingly grim .
It almost became a cliche that the sex ended disastrously .
I wanted to say it did n't have to be that way ... '
The film 's name , which Mitchell used for some of his own regular house parties , refers to the traditional American yellow school bus .
Most ' normal ' kids rode in a long yellow bus .
Children with special needs - the disabled , the emotionally disturbed , the abnormally gifted - rode in a shorter yellow bus , because there were not so many of them .
' A lot of people I hang out with feel to me like they are familiar with the short bus in one way or another , ' he says .
One of the things that had long militated against a Shortbus - style exploration of sex in films has been the star system ; named actors have , justifiably , resisted going the extra mile on film ( though rumours persist about , say , Donald Sutherland and Julie Christie in Don't Look Now or Halle Berry and Billy Bob Thornton in Monster 's Ball ) .
Mitchell got around body doubles and nudity writers by finding his own stars .
He made Shortbus on a $ 2 m budget ( some of it stumped up by singer Moby ) .
' I think of this film as kind of a Hollywood film from an alternate universe , ' he says .
' Formally , it is quite traditional .
The actors are charismatic , zesty ; we are not going for kitchen - sink ordinariness .
To me , it is an audience - friendly entertainment . '
Whether Mitchell 's experiment will catch on is more debatable .
In stark contrast to the brutal wham - bam schedules of porn films he has devoted nearly four years to his film ; less one - night stand than long - term commitment .
To find his cast , he invited would - be actors to supply a 10 - minute video in which they described a sexual experience that was important to them .
He received 500 and sat through them all .
After he had assembled his cast - further auditions including a 100 - person game of spin the bottle - he used improvisation ideas inspired by Robert Altman and Mike Leigh to develop characters and a story .
He had no real idea of where he wanted it to go , beyond an upbeat kind of tone - which borrows something from Almodovar and even Woody Allen - and a sense of mischief ( ' Bush was on my mind , ' he says ) .
Mostly , the actors developed aspects of their real anxieties .
For a year and a half , Mitchell then worked closely with his cast to break down inhibitions and encourage a kind of emotional honesty .
In some scenes , he had the cameramen and himself strip to make the actors feel less vulnerable ; in one of the more populous orgies , he joined the fray .
I wonder how the idea for the gymnastic opening act cropped up ?
He smiles .
' Well , on our original website , I had an image of someone blowing themselves and I used it as an example of how sex could be a metaphor for something else .
It plays to this idea that we want to be alone , self - sufficient , almost self - fertilising .
Anyway , I mentioned this and one of the actors , Paul DeBoy said , " You know I used to be able to do that . "
I said , " Do you think you could still do it ? "
It worked because his character was someone who was truly exploring what it means to be alone , ultimately in a possibly tragic way .
Anyhow , he went to work practising , did his yoga ; by the end , he could do it a little too well .
I wondered , " Could you make it look a little more tricky ? " '
The development of that character - the ultimate Houllebecqian figure , who initially films his own acts of masturbation - into someone capable of attachment is something close to a Mitchell manifesto .
For all its explicitness , the film makes a good case for old - fashioned romance .
Mitchell hopes that , in a way , it 's an antidote to a culture in which sex is increasingly just another online transaction .
' It is certainly an argument for getting bodies in the same room , ' he says .
' The internet and all this new technology , these opportunities for connection , are at the same time opportunities to be bombarded into numbness ... the YouTube , MySpace phenomenon is an example of people reaching out , desperate for intimacy . '
The dangers of those connections , he suggests , are that they offer ' a palliative , a sugar high ' and create an addiction to constant newness .
' Kids are afraid now of the lag in between checking their email .
You lose sight of the fact that you have to get down to get up , that you have to have boredom in a relationship in order to get to the next step . '
What all that suggests , he believes , and what his film makes clear , is that 'it 's a natural human requirement actually to look into someone 's eyes at close quarters , open yourself up .
You do n't get that from looking at a computer screen .
Our reactions to that , anomie , alienation , depression , are symptoms of the mind telling us we have to change . '
It is hard to imagine many directors exactly following Mitchell 's lead in this little sexual revolution but , nevertheless , Shortbus seems as good a place to start it as any .
· Shortbus opens nationwide on Friday
Sex on screen : A brief history
1912 The British Board Of Film Classification ( BBFC ) is founded ; one of its first rules is no nudity .
1930 Will H Hays establishes the Hays Code , setting out what was morally acceptable in American films .
Until the late Sixties all films adhered to the code .
1930 Louise Brooks stars as Lulu in GW Pabst 's Pandora 's Box - the first explicit lesbian character on screen .
1933 Red-Headed Woman , in which Jean Harlow plays a particularly sexually active woman accused of murder , is banned in Britain and not granted a certificate until 1965 .
1959 A scene containing cunnilingus is cut from Louis Malle 's film Les amants by the BBFC ; the poster for the film is banned by London Transport .
1960 The Compton Cinema Club in Soho opens playing pornographic films .
1961 Stanley Kubrick 's Lolita is released after Lolita 's age is increased from 12 to 14 .
1970 Male genitals are seen on screen for the first time , as Alan Bates and Oliver Reed wrestle naked in Ken Russell 's Women in Love .
1970 Andy Warhol 's Flesh is the first film to show an erection on screen .
1982 The R18 rating is introduced in Britain , allowing non-violent pornography to be shown in a club setting .
1989
The film Scandal is retouched to remove a couple who look like they are having real sex at an orgy .
2000 Darren Aronofsky loses his appeal against an NC - 17 rating for his film Requiem for a Dream so releases it unrated .
2006 Kirby Dick releases
This Film is Not Yet Rated , a documentary about film censorship in America , which receives a standing ovation when premiered at the Sundance Film Festival .
Abuses carried out under the CIA 's secret programme of extraordinary rendition are to be investigated by one of the Senate 's most powerful committees , it emerged today .
The new chairman of the Senate armed services committee , the Democratic senator Carl Levin , revealed that he was " not comfortable " with the rendition system and said it was making the US less secure .
The extra-judicial programme has seen untried criminal suspects rounded up by CIA operatives in more than a dozen countries and sent to third states for interrogation .
Some captives have allegedly been snatched off the streets and suffered torture in detention .
Asked whether he would investigate the renditions programme , including the secret prisons and missing detainees , Mr Levin replied : " Yes .
Yes , yes and yes . "
" I 'm not comfortable with the system , " the Financial Times reported him as saying .
" I think that there 's been some significant abuses which have not made us more secure but have made us less secure and have also , perhaps , cost us some real allies , as well as not producing useful information .
So I think the system needs a thorough review and , as the military would say , a thorough scrubbing . "
The rendition programme was first reported by the Washington Post last year .
The paper said that centres , known as black sites , were set up around the world following 9/11 and that more than 100 detainees had been sent to countries such as Afghanistan , Morocco , Egypt and Jordan .
Human rights organisations also include the more than 700 people detained since 9/11 at Guantánamo Bay .
A number of people have been rendered erroneously either because of cases of mistaken identity or wrong intelligence .
According to a Council of Europe report earlier this year , 14 European countries , including Britain , have allowed extraordinary rendition flights to travel through their airspace .
Amnesty International has described extraordinary renditions as a policy of " disappearances " and welcomed Mr Levin 's announcement .
" It is long overdue , " an Amnesty spokeswoman said .
" Many aspects of the US war on terror are of concern and are questionable .
There is a need for greater transparency and we need to know who has been taken and where . "
The Bush administration this year revealed that the US had transferred 14 high - value al - Qaida suspects from secret CIA prisons to Guantánamo Bay .
Officials are unwilling to discuss the fate of other detainees who were rounded up around the world for interrogation .
Congress has enacted legislation aimed at preventing abuses of detainees but there has been relatively little public scrutiny of the renditions system itself .
Mr Levin made his comments as he was outlining the priorities of the committee after the Democrats ' gain in last week 's midterm elections .
The first order of business would be to change the direction of Iraq policy , he said .
Sign In Sign - Up Welcome !
Close
Would you like to make this site your homepage ?
It 's fast and easy ...
Yes , Please make this my home page !
No Thanks
Do n't show this to me again .
Close
/* Monads in Javascript by Cratylus in windows fire up a command shell and run cscript monad.js this is my take on what monads are , if i'm wrong let me know :) this shows how to create state transformers - ie functions which modify state and pass it along for further computation this is just to present the concept of a monad as an aid ( ? ) to understanding ( at leasts my own ) imperative languages like javascript do n't _need_ monads because they already have state built in a monad in this case is basically a function ftom a state to a pair consisting of the result of the computation and the new state : viz : monad = function from states to pairs of ( result , state ) so to actually grab our result of a computation , we would do finalresult = monad( startstate ) [ 0 ] scheme monads and translated them into javascript see also the paper by check out Douglas Crockford 's clever javascript page too monads are actually more general mathematical entities google for monad category theory to find out more */ //start of monad.js function State( x , y ) { // simple state object - imagine x and y are " registers " for example this .x = x ; this .y = y ; // this is just fluff this .
describe = describe ; } function describe ( ) { // just fluff - change this if you 're not using windows WScript.echo( " x value = " + this .x.toString ( ) + " y value = " + this.y.toString( ) ) ; } function makepair ( a , s ) { // just an array to hold the result and a state object return [ a , s ] ; } function getstate ( pair ) { return pair [ 1 ] ; } function getresult ( pair ) { return pair [ 0 ] ; } function mreturn ( a ) { return function ( s ) { return makepair ( a , s ) ; } ; } function bind ( m , f ) { return function ( oldstate ) { var pair , newstate , result , newmonad ; // m is a function of a state to a pair pair = m ( oldstate ) ; // we grab the state from the pair newstate = getstate ( pair ) ; // we grab the result of the m computation which has been placed in // the result position of the pair result = getresult ( pair ) ; // we apply our function f to this result , which gives us // a new computation ( i.e. a new monad : another function which takes a state to a pair ) newmonad = f( result ) ; // finally we apply this function to the new state to get another computation return newmonad ( newstate ) ; } ; } // notice that the " new " word in the makepair function -- we are actually creating a new state object each call :) var incx = function ( val ) { return function ( state ) { return make pair ( null , new State ( state.x + val , state.y ) ) ; } ; } var incy = function ( val ) { return function ( state ) { return makepair ( null , new State ( state.x , state.y + val ) ) ; } ; } // first we just cook up a start state var startstate = new State ( 0,0 ) ; // here is a simple state transformer function which adds 21 to a number , keeping the state constant function foo ( val ) { return function ( state ) { return makepair ( val + 21,new State ( state.x, state.y ) ) ; } ; } //to illustrate the monad return law : return x >>= f = f x NB .
f x is itself a state transformer function :) // mreturn just gives us a value to work with WScript.echo ( " Illustrating the monad return law " ) ; WScript.echo( " foo ( 21 ) in the start state " ) var result = foo ( 21 ) ( startstate ) [ 0 ] ; WScript.echo( result ) ; WScript.echo( " return 21 >>= foo " ) ; var returncomputation = bind( mreturn ( 21 ) , foo ) ; WScript.echo( returncomputation ( startstate ) [ 0 ] ) ; /* we can build up complex state transformations by using bind our example corresponds to the imperative program : incx 10 incy 12 incx 100 given our state State = ( 0,0 ) we expect that the final state should be ( 110,12 ) note that we do not use the val parameter fed in to the functions here , because we are not using the results of previous computations the result null is returned by each incx or incy function , but we could make it return a value here - i'll write this up later hideous huh ? */ var program = bind ( bind ( bind ( mreturn ( null ) , function ( val ) { return incx ( 10 ) ;} ) , function ( val ) { return incy ( 12 ) ;} ) , function ( val ) { return incx( 100 ) ; } ) ; WScript.echo( " Illustrating monad bind : " ) ; startstate.describe( ) ; program ( startstate ) [ 1].describe ( ) ; // end of monad.js
Visited 11957 times
If you ’ve never read my blog before , welcome .
I ’m the head of the webspam team at Google .
And I have a blog for days just like this .
Okay , first off you should go read this post .
It ’s entitled “ Me Against Google ” and the author is unhappy that talkorigins.org was nowhere to be found in Google for the last 5 - 6 days .
After that post , go read this Slashdot post , entitled “ Google De-indexes Talk .
Origins , Wo n’t Say Why . ”
By the time you ’re done , your pulse should be pounding .
Hell , you should be angry .
Damn that evil Google for not communicating with webmasters !!
Or as Wesley put it in his blog :
You might think that a company that prides itself upon advanced textual analysis and automated decision - making algorithms might provide helpful warning messages to webmasters concerning problems found in their sites .
You would be wrong .
Okay , ready for my side of the story ?
Here ’s the timeline of how things happened :
– talkorigins.org was hacked on November 18th .
I know this because Wesley says so in his blog post .
– By November 27th , Google had detected spammy links and text on talkorigins.org .
In case you ’re wondering , here ’s what the cracker added :
< script>document.write( String.fromCharCode(60,100,105,118,32,115,116,121,108,101,61,39,100 ,
105,115,112,108,97,121,58,110,111,110,101,39,62 ) ) </ script >< br > < a href= " http://vvu.edu.gh/images/?i=animal-porn ">animal porn </a > , < a href = " http://vvu.edu.gh/images/?i=animal-sex ">animal sex </a > , < a href = " http://vvu.edu.gh/images/?i=beastiality " > beastiality</a> , < a href = " http://vvu.edu.gh/images/?i=rape-sex ">rape sex </a > , < a href = " http://vvu.edu.gh/images/?i=sleeping-sex ">sleeping sex </a > , < a href = " http://deepx.com/images/?i=animal-porn ">animal porn</a > , < a href = " http://deepx.com/images/?i=beastiality " > beastiality</a> , < a href = " http://deepx.com/images/?i=dog-porn " >dog porn </a > , < a href = " http://deepx.com/images/?i=horse-porn ">horse porn </a > , < a href = " http://deepx.com/images/?i=rape-sex ">rape sex </a > , < a href = " http://deepx.com/images/?i=sleeping-sex ">sleeping sex </a > , < a href = " http://theoi.com/image/?i=animal-porn ">animal porn </a > , < a href = " http://theoi.com/image/?i=animal-sex ">animal sex </a > , < a href = " http://theoi.com/image/?i=beastiality " > beastiality</a> , < a href= " http://ugobe.com/media/?i=dvd-covers " > dvd covers </a > , < a href = " http://ugobe.com/media/?i=dvd-ripper " >dvd ripper </a > , < a href = " http://ugobe.com/media/?i=psp-downloads ">psp downloads </a > , < a href = " http://ugobe.com/media/?i=psp-games ">psp games </a> , < a href = " http://ugobe.com/media/?i=psp-movies ">psp movies </a>
Not pretty stuff–lots of text about rape and animal porn .
In case you ’re wondering , that JavaScript at the beginning produces the string “ < div style= ’ display : none ’ > ” , which makes the entire section of spammy junk hidden .
So talkorigins.org has these porn words and spammy links , and it ’s all hidden via sneaky JavaScript .
We have pretty good reason to believe that this site was hacked , but it ’s still causing problems for regular users , so Google has to take action .
Here ’s what we do :
– By November 27th , the site was classified as hacked and spammy .
We stopped showing it for user queries .
– By November 27th , we started flagging this site as penalized in Google ’s webmaster console .
I believe that Google is the only search engine that will confirm to webmasters that their site does have penalties .
No , we do n’t confirm penalties if we think it might clue in web spammers that they ’ve been caught .
But yes , we do try to confirm penalties if we think a site is legitimate or has been hacked .
You can read more about how we confirm penalties in this previous post .
I hear a few people ask , “ It ’s nice that I can sign up for Google ’s webmaster console and learn that Google penalized my site .
But could n’t Google have done more ? ”
Well , it turns out that we did do more :
– By November 28th , we emailed multiple addresses at talkorigins.org to let them know exactly what happened .
According to the records I ’m looking at , we tried to email contact at talkorigins.org , info at talkorigins.org , support at talkorigins.org , and webmaster at talkorigins.org with a timestamp of 2006 - 11-28 14:24:15 .
Here ’s an excerpt from the email that we sent :
Dear site owner or webmaster of talkorigins.org , While we were indexing your webpages , we detected that some of your
pages were using techniques that were outside our quality guidelines ,
which can be found here :
http://www.google.com/webmasters/guidelines.html
In order to preserve the quality of our search engine , we have
temporarily removed some webpages from our search results .
Currently
pages from talkorigins.org are scheduled to be removed for at least 60 days .
Specifically , we detected the following practices on your webpages : * The following hidden text on talkorigins.org : e.g .
animal porn , animal sex , beastiality , rape sex , sleeping sex , animal porn , beastiality , dog porn , horse porn , rape sex , sleeping sex , animal porn , animal sex , beastiality , dvd covers , dvd ripper , psp downloads , psp games , psp movies
… We would prefer to have your pages in Google ’s index .
If you wish to be
reincluded , please correct or remove all pages that are outside our
quality guidelines .
When you are ready , please visit : https://www.google.com/webmasters/sitemaps/reinclusion?hl=en to learn more and request a reinclusion request .
…
You can read more about how we try to email webmasters about issues on their site in this previous post .
According to his post , Wesley did a reinclusion request recently , and I ’ve confirmed that the reinclusion request was approved , so I expect talkorigins.org to be back in Google within 24 - 48 hours .
But let ’s take a step back .
This site was hacked and stuffed with a bunch of hidden spammy porn words and links .
Google detected the spam in less than 10 days ; that ’s faster than the site owner noticed it .
We temporarily removed the site from our index so that users would n’t get the spammy porn back in response to queries .
We made it possible for the webmaster to verify that their site was penalized .
Then we emailed the site , with the exact page and the exact text that was causing problems .
We provided a link to the correct place for the site owner to request reinclusion .
We also made the penalty for a relatively short time ( 60 days ) , so that if the webmaster fixed the issue but did n’t contact Google , they would still be fine after a few weeks .
Ultimately , each site owner is responsible for making sure that their site is n’t spammy .
If you pick a bad search engine optimizer ( SEO ) and they make a ton of spammy doorway pages on your domain , Google still needs to take action .
Hacked sites are no different : lots of spammy / hacked sites will try to install malware on users ’ computers .
If your site is hacked and turns spammy , Google may need to remove your site , but we will also try to alert you via our webmaster console and even by emailing you to let you know what happened .
To the best of my knowledge , no other search engine confirms any penalties to sites , nor do they email site owners .
Wesley and anyone else who works on talkorigins.org , I ’m sorry that this was a stressful experience for you .
Could Google do a better job ?
Absolutely , and we ’ll keep working on it .
For example , maybe we can show a more specific message for hacked sites in the webmaster console .
Google could also try to identify better email addresses when writing to site owners .
For example , for talkorigins.org , there are email addresses such as “ archive@ ” and “ submissions@ ” that we could have used instead that might have reached the right person .
I ’m open to other suggestions too .
But please give Google a little bit of credit , because I do think we ’re doing more to alert webmasters to issues than any other search engine .
Note to new readers of my blog : I pre-moderate my comments , and it ’s after 2 a.m. and I ’m going to bed now .
If your comment does n’t show up immediately , it ’s waiting for me to approve it after I wake up . 😉
Exxon Mobil makes more than $ 10 billion
No . 1 U.S. oil company earns $ 1,318 a second - topping forecasts - but comes in just shy of a record .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Profits at Exxon Mobil surged 36 percent to a near record $ 10.4 billion in the second quarter as surging oil prices helped the world 's largest publicly traded company soundly beat Wall Street forecasts .
The company 's profit - which amounts to a cool $ 1,318 a second - is the second biggest ever reported by a U.S. company , behind only the $ 10.7 billion Exxon itself earned in the fourth quarter of 2005 .
The earnings equaled $ 1.72 a share , topping the $ 1.64 a share analysts had forecast on average , according to First Call .
Total revenue in the quarter was just a bit more than $ 99 billion .
Exxon ( Charts ) shares rose modestly in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
The $ 1,318 a second would buy enough gasoline , even at the current $ 3 a gallon national average , to drive a Hummer H3 between Los Angeles and New York three times .
One analyst said Exxon 's record fourth - quarter earnings in 2005 included a $ 400 million tax charge that analysts were not including as part of that quarter 's profit .
" Apples to apples , this quarter is the highest by any organization ever , " said Fadel Gheit , an energy analyst at Oppenheimer .
Irving , Texas - based Exxon Mobil caught considerable flak from the general public for its record fourth quarter , which came soon after gasoline prices hit record highs .
Compounding matters , the company gave its outgoing CEO Lee Raymond a retirement package worth about $ 350 million around the same time .
That combination of events led to a public outcry calling for restrictions on CEO pay and calls from lawmakers who wanted to institute a windfall profits tax on the oil industry or even break up some of the oil giants that merged in the 1990s .
But the industry says that oil prices fluctuate widely over time and that , in the long run , it 's actually less profitable than a number of other industries .
Officials have also argued against a government - forced breakup , saying oil companies need to be big to compete in a global market against foreign state - run firms , some of which are larger than Exxon Mobil .
Surging oil prices helped Exxon in the second quarter , when crude prices jumped 31 percent .
Exxon said spending on exploration and production rose 8 percent in the quarter , to $ 4.9 billion , while overall output rose 6 percent .
Investors have been concerned that high oil prices would lead the company to boost spending even further .
But the desire to restrain spending may run counter to consumer 's interests , as more oil on the market would help lower gas prices .
Gheit said the company sent $ 7.9 billion back to shareholders in the second quarter in the form of dividends and stock buybacks .
He said Exxon 's expenditures on exploration and production were sufficient , as most of the world 's oil reserves are by now widely known .
Extracting those reserves , he said , is constrained more by politics than it is by lack of spending on exploration .
" They ca n't just go and push [ Russian President Vladimir ] Putin and say , ' let us in , ' " he said .
" They need access to resources , what can they do ? "
Gheit thought the company was striking a good balance with how it is spending its cash .
When asked about investing in renewable energy technologies , an Exxon official said that , apart from ethanol , it 's generally not part of the company 's plan .
" There are very few that are economical without subsidies , " said Henry Hubble , vice president for investor relations , on a conference call .
" We do n't think it makes sense to invest in it at this point . "
The company 's mammoth earnings , and its reluctance to get into the alternative energy market , drew fire from critics .
Shawnee Hoover , director of Exxpose Exxon , a coalition of groups including Greenpeace and the Sierra Club , said Exxon will continue to post record profits until consumers have other energy choices .
" Exxon wants to preserve [ its ] market by not doing anything about global warming , " Hoover said on a conference call .
Industry experts say that it 's becoming increasingly expensive for oil companies to get easily refinable crude oil out of the ground .
At the same time , high prices have led to surging demand for exploration and drilling equipment and workers , causing the price of such services to jump at least 15 percent a year over the last several years , industry executives and analysts say .
Then there 's the geological fact that new , large , high - quality oil fields are simply getting harder to find .
Meanwhile , new production has n't kept pace with surging demand - not only from the United States but from China , India and other rapidly growing economies - which has driven prices up nearly fourfold , from around $ 20 a barrel in early 2002 to a trading high of $ 78.40 earlier this month on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Tensions in the Middle East and other parts of the world and speculative buying by big investment funds have also helped fuel the run-up .
Big Oil's pain
Can vegetable - oil cars save the world ?
Page 2
Welcome to " The Curious Guy , " where I e-mail questions to somebody successful -- whether it's a baseball pitcher , an author , a creator of a TV show , another writer or whomever -- and we trade e-mails for the rest of the week .
Previous editions featured Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling , Mavs owner Mark Cuban , author Chuck Klosterman , " OC " creator Josh Schwartz and NBA commissioner David Stern ( transcript of an in- person interview ) .
This week 's exchange is with Malcolm Gladwell , the best - selling author of " Blink " and " Tipping Point " as well as the longtime cleanup hitter for the New Yorker .
You would never think that the most successful nonfiction writer alive would double as a huge sports fan ... but he does .
So I could n't resist the chance to exchange e-mails with him intermittently over the past six weeks .
Because of the length of the transcript , we 're breaking it up into two parts .
Here 's section No. 1 :
Simmons :
When I started reading you back in the mid-'90s , I remember being discouraged because you made writing seem so easy -- technically , you were almost flawless , and since I knew I could n't write that well , you were one of those visible writers who made me feel like I was going to be bartending my whole life .
You never waste a word .
You come up with cool arguments and angles for your pieces , then you systematically prove / dismantle those same arguments and angles , and you do it in an entertaining , thoughtful , logical way .
You never allow your biases to get in the way .
You 're better at writing than me in every way .
Basically , I hate you .
ALL THINGS GLADWELL
Find out why the Sports Guy is insanely jealous of Malcolm 's writing .
Gladwell.com
" Blink "
" The Tipping Point "
So I always thought to myself , " Well , maybe he kicks my ass as a writer , but I guarantee he's a huge dork who knows nothing about sports and could n't talk to a girl to save his life . "
Then we went out for drinks in New York City in December , argued about basketball and football for three hours , and then some smoking - hot bartender started hitting on you at the end of the night .
She was giving off that same vibe that the 25 girls give the " Bachelor " during the first episode when he has , like , only four or five minutes to meet everyone , so everyone has to hit on him at warp speed .
Now I have decided that you need to die .
It 's like that " Saturday Night Live " skit when the teleprompter for the morning show stops working , chaos ensues , then Will Ferrell and David Alan Grier fight to the death because Grier 's weatherman character felt threatened .
Well , I feel threatened by you .
And if you were n't Canadian , I would probably have you killed .
But I have a soft spot for all Canadians and Australians -- I have never met anyone from either country who was n't entertaining in some way .
Leading me to my first two questions :
First , why would n't this be your third book ?
There is clearly something happening in Canada and Australia that makes their citizens more friendly and entertaining than anyone from any other country .
You need to figure out the reason , and only because that book sounds like the logical successor to " Tipping Point " and " Blink . "
And second , how did you learn to ...
A. write so well
B. care about sports other than hockey
C. appreciate pop culture
... while you were freezing your butt off in Canada as a kid ?
Why were n't you cranking cheesy Bryan Adams songs , choking up over the Gretzky - Jones wedding and watching " Youngblood " twice a week like everyone else your age ?
Gladwell : Let 's get one thing straight .
At the time the bartender came up to us , it was not at all clear that I was the object of her attention , and the fact that my first words to her ( " See that guy over there .
He 's a famous sportswriter " ) only muddied the waters further .
For all I knew , she was a Red Sox fan wanting to trade Oil Can Boyd stories with you .
( By the way , amidst all the talk about the misguided Reggie Bush lateral after the Rose Bowl , why nothing on the equally problematic romantic lateral ?
It just never works , even though -- in the thick of things -- you 're always convinced it will . )
Secondly , even if she was hitting on me , let 's also be clear that this never happens .
You were the Martian who came down to earth , saw Kelly Holcomb throw for 300 yards against the Bengals , and went back to your planet convinced you 'd seen the future of this strange earthling game " football . "
Why am I a sports fan ?
I 'm not sure .
I grew up in small - town rural southern Ontario .
Neither of my parents or my brothers are sports fans , and we never had a television growing up .
( In fact , my parents still do n't have one , which means that when I go home I 'm reduced to trying to catch the AM broadcasts of NFL games from the other side of Lake Erie ) .
I do n't think I saw a televised professional sports contest until I was a senior in high school .
Everything I know came from Sports Illustrated , which I read at the town library .
For some reason , I was a huge fan of the Spurs .
I had a George Gervin poster above my bed , and I can talk quite knowledgeably to this day about James Silas , Larry Kenon , Billy Paultz and all the others -- even though I never saw any of those guys play and I 'm not even sure ( with the exception of Gervin ) what any of them looked like .
( Surely , with the nickname " Special K " Larry Kenon was black . )
Do you know how hard it is to understand what finger rolls are -- or even dunks -- if all you 've ever done is read about them in magazines ?
Once , when I was in high school , Bobby Smith -- the great natural " athlete " of my hometown -- tried a dunk during a game and a great collective cry of amazement came up over the crowd , as if Bobby had just whipped out a scalpel and was attempting an on -court appendectomy .
( I should point out that Bobby came up a little short , and the ball caromed on the rim about 40 feet .
The locals are still talking about it ) .
Rural Ontario is not , exactly , a hotbed of athletic ability .
I think I read somewhere that Jason Williams ( the point guard ) and Randy Moss went to the same high school .
How is that even possible ?
If Brian Scalabrine went to my high school , it would now be called the Brian Scalabrine Memorial High School .
As for your ( very kind ) question about my writing , I 'm not sure I can answer that either , except to say that I really love writing , in a totally uncomplicated way .
When I was in high school , I ran track and in the beginning I thought of training as a kind of necessary evil on the way to racing .
But then , the more I ran , the more I realized that what I loved was running , and it did n't much matter to me whether it came in the training form or the racing form .
I feel the same way about writing .
I 'm happy writing anywhere and under any circumstances and in fact I 'm now to the point where I 'm suspicious of people who do n't love what they do in the same way .
I was watching golf , before Christmas , and the announcer said of Phil Mickelson that the tournament was the first time he'd picked up a golf club in five weeks .
Assuming that 's true , is n't that profoundly weird ?
How can you be one of the top two or three golfers of your generation and go five weeks without doing the thing you love ?
Did Mickelson also not have sex with his wife for five weeks ?
Did he give up chocolate for five weeks ?
Is this some weird golfer 's version of Lent that I 'm unaware of ?
They say that Wayne Gretzky , as a 2 - year - old , would cry when the Saturday night hockey game on TV was over , because it seemed to him at that age unbearably sad that something he loved so much had to come to end , and I 've always thought that was the simplest explanation for why Gretzky was Gretzky .
And surely it 's the explanation as well for why Mickelson will never be Tiger Woods .
Speaking of Gretzky , my six degrees of separation with him is that I was a contemporary of his little sister Kim , in the age - class Ontario track - and - field circuits of the late ' 70s .
And no , she never hit on me .
Simmons :
Wait , I 'm still reeling from the fact that you became an NBA fan just from reading back issues of " Sports Illustrated " in a Canadian library .
I became a sports fan because my father was carrying me into the Boston Garden to see the eventual ' 74 and ' 76 world champions ... meanwhile , you were stuck in the middle of nowhere reading about these games after the fact .
And yet , we like sports just as much .
I find this amazing .
Have you ever written about this ?
You were like the sports fan 's equivalent of John Travolta in the " Boy in the Plastic Bubble . "
What happened when you finally got TV ?
Did you not leave your house for , like , three weeks ?
You need to start filming something for those ESPN " SportsCentury " shows where they talk about stuff that happened 25 - 30 years ago -- to cover every segment , you could just say , " I remember reading about that in Sports Illustrated in my local Ontario library and being totally amazed . "
And then they could plug that little sound bite into , like , 58 shows about anyone from 1975 - 81 .
On Mickelson and Sports Lent , I remember watching one of those 20 / 20 - Dateline - type pieces about him once , and he was adamant about remaining a family man , taking breaks from golf and never letting the sport consume him ... and I remember thinking to myself , " Right now Tiger is watching this and thinking , ' I got him .
Cross
Phil off the list .
This guy will never pass me . ' "
The great ones are n't just great , they enjoy what they 're doing -- that 's why MJ 's first retirement always seemed genuine to me .
He had pretty much mastered his craft , and the media was wearing him down , and then his father was murdered , and for the first time in his life , basketball was looming as a chore for him .
And he was smart enough to get away and recharge his batteries .
I always respected him for that .
Well , unless the real reason he " retired " was because of his gambling problems and an ominous " You screwed up , you 're gonna walk away for 18 months , and we 're gonna pretend this entire discussion never happened " ultimatum from commissioner Stern .
But I think there 's a certain amount of professionalism that needs to be there , as well , because there will always be days when you do n't feel like doing your job , and those are always the true tests .
Halberstam has a great quote about this : " Being a professional is doing your job on the days you do n't feel like doing it . "
I love that quote and mutter it to myself every time I do n't feel like writing because my allergies are bothering me , or my back hurts , or my head hurts , or there 's some random dog barking , or any of the other excuses I use when I 'm procrastinating from pumping out something .
So how easy is the writing process for you ?
Are you one of those guys who writes from different locations or does everything at one desk ?
Do you keep hammering out drafts and tinkering with what you wrote , or does it all come out in one felt swoop ?
Do you ever get writer 's block ?
How long does it take you to finish one of your New Yorker features after everything is researched ?
( And just for the record , if you say something like , " I usually write a first draft in about 5 - 6 hours , then go back over it the next morning , fix the typos and send it right in , " I 'm making a Gladwell voodoo doll and jamming 50 safety pins into it . )
Gladwell :
This is actually a question I 'm obsessed with :
Why do n't people work hard when it's in their best interest to do so ?
Why does Eddy Curry come to camp every year overweight ?
The ( short ) answer is that it 's really risky to work hard , because then if you fail you can no longer say that you failed because you did n't work hard .
It 's a form of self - protection .
I swear that 's why Mickelson has that almost absurdly calm demeanor .
If he loses , he can always say :
Well , I could have practiced more , and maybe next year I will and I 'll win then .
When Tiger loses , what does he tell himself ?
He worked as hard as he possibly could .
He prepared like no one else in the game and he still lost .
That has to be devastating , and dealing with that kind of conclusion takes a very special and rare kind of resilience .
Most of the psychological research on this is focused on why some kids do n't study for tests -- which is a much more serious version of the same problem .
If you get drunk the night before an exam instead of studying and you fail , then the problem is that you got drunk .
If you do study and you fail , the problem is that you 're stupid -- and stupid , for a student , is a death sentence .
The point is that it is far more psychologically dangerous and difficult to prepare for a task than not to prepare .
People think that Tiger is tougher than Mickelson because he works harder .
Wrong : Tiger is tougher than Mickelson and because of that he works harder .
To me , this is what Peyton Manning 's problem is .
He has the work habits and dedication and obsessiveness of Jordan and Tiger Woods .
But he can't deal with the accompanying preparation anxiety .
The Manning face is the look of someone who has just faced up to a sobering fact : I am in complete control of this offense .
I prepare for games like no other quarterback in the NFL .
I am in the best shape of my life .
I have done everything I can to succeed -- and I 'm losing .
Ohmigod .
I 'm not that good .
( Under the same circumstances , Ben Roethlisberger is thinking : maybe next time I stop after five beers ) .
I do n't know if I 've ever felt sorrier for someone than I did for Manning at the end of that Pittsburgh playoff game .
So do I work hard on my writing ?
Well , yes .
But not that hard .
I 'm a five - or six - draft kind of person , not a 10 - or 12 - draft kind of person .
Plus , I write for the New Yorker , so I have an entire army of high - IQ fact checkers , and editors and copy editors working with me .
To stretch the quarterback analogy here , I 'm Jake Plummer : I work in an offensive system designed to make me look way better than I actually am .
Speaking of which , how fascinating was the Plummer meltdown in the Pittsburgh game ?
People have been beating up on Plummer , saying that his true colors emerged in that game .
I prefer to look at it the other way .
Shanahan managed to put in place an offensive system so brilliant and so precisely tailored to his quarterback that he could make Plummer -- Plummer ! -- look like a great quarterback for 17 consecutive games .
That 's pretty remarkable .
The Plummer story is not about the frailty of individuals .
It 's about the redemptive power of environments .
As I said , I think I'm Plummer .
Simmons : Wait , I know Jake Plummer , I watched Jake Plummer , I wagered on Jake Plummer ... you , sir , are no Jake Plummer .
Shanahan 's system was predicated on the Broncos ' jumping out to leads , then protecting those leads in the second half with their running game and Jake 's occasional play - action passes ( which were always wide open because their running game was so good ) .
The catch was that they could never fall behind in any important game ; there was no way Jake could be effective under those circumstances , and only because Shanahan inadvertently undermined his confidence ( by creating the " Now do n't screw this up , Jake ! " offense ) , so Plummer 's meltdown against the Steelers became a self - fulfilling prophecy of sorts .
If the Patriots had gone to halftime with a 6 - 0 lead , it would have happened a week earlier .
But it was going to happen .
You can't make it through a 20 - week season without your QB carrying the team at some point .
It 's impossible .
I sincerely doubt that the New Yorker carries you like the Broncos carried Plummer all those weeks .
Besides , you could never grow one of those lead - singer - of - the - Black - Crowes - level beards like the one Jake has been working on .
Gladwell :
You 're probably right .
But imagine Plummer was drafted by Shanahan and came to maturity in the NFL entirely within a conservative , run -first offense .
Imagine , as well , that the Broncos were every bit as successful in those years as they were in the pre-Plummer era .
What would we think of Plummer ?
We 'd say that he was an efficient , intelligent quarterback .
We 'd call him an adept game - manager .
We 'd marvel at his discipline .
John Madden would go on and on about how the value of a quarterback who does n't make mistakes has been vastly underestimated , and if Plummer occasionally imploded while playing catch - up in a big game we 'd say that the one problem with a Shanahan offense is that it can't score in a hurry .
We 'd blame Shanahan , in other words , not Plummer .
Plummer would still be Plummer .
But inside of a very structured system -- one that played to his strengths -- he would seem to us like a totally different quarterback .
And after five or six years or so with Shanahan , he really would be different : all vestiges of the old swashbuckling Jake the Snake would largely be obliterated .
My point is its almost impossible to know where the person ends and their environment begins , and the longer someone is in a particular environment the blurrier that line gets .
More specifically , you can't make definitive judgments about the personal characteristics of people who come from structured environments .
What does it mean to say that a Marine is brave ?
It might mean that a Marine is an inherently brave person .
It may also be that the culture of the Marine Corps is so powerful , and the training so intensive , and the supporting pressure of other Marines so empowering , that even a coward would behave bravely in that context .
That 's what I mean when I say I'm Plummer : I 'm working in a such a supportive and structured environment that I no longer know where my own abilities end and where the beneficial effects of the environment begin .
Just think if you were a New Yorker writer , Bill .
Suddenly your editors would be asking you to make your stories longer .
You spend the summers at a writer 's colony in New England , working on a historical novel based loosely on Freud 's famous falling - out with Adler .
And girls would hit on you in bars because they would think of you as cute in that nerdy , bookish way .
But you 'd still be Simmons , would n't you ?
Switching gears , I have one last point on the fact I never really watched sports on TV until I was in college .
That 's not as crazy as it sounds .
I would grade major professional sports in terms of their TV / live watchability in the following order :
NFL : A - plus televised .
B - minus live .
NBA : B - plus televised .
A live .
NHL : C - minus televised .
A - plus live .
PGA : A - televised .
D live .
So what do you miss by not having a TV ?
Really just a great NFL experience , and some golf .
You will notice that I 've left out baseball and that 's because I do n't believe that actually watching baseball under any circumstances enhances your appreciation of the game .
As a kid , I read Bill James and Thomas Boswell and Roger Angell and followed the game through newspaper box scores , and I was a far more dedicated fan back than I am today .
Baseball is a great idea , and a great story .
But is watching it a great experience ?
Frankly I prefer the way the game was played in my imagination .
This , incidentally , is why I 'm such a fan of yours .
I think that reading you on the Red Sox is more fun than actually watching the Red Sox .
And before anyone objects , I would point out that there are lots of other human experiences that fall into this category .
When you hear a ghost story as a child , or watch a war movie , or read a particularly powerful novel , you do n't want to be in the story .
You do n't even want to be in the stands when the war is going on or the ghost is scaring the bejesus out of people .
What you want is to be told the story .
Right ?
Simmons : I can totally see your point on that .
My favorite Red Sox regular season was 1986 , and only because I was stuck living in Connecticut before the days of DirecTV and the Internet .
We did have Channel 38 on our cable system back then , but they did n't show that many of the Red Sox games , so either I had to climb on my roof to catch a static - filled radio broadcast or wait for " SportsCenter " and Warner Wolf highlights on Channel 2 .
( That was a big year for me and Warner because he also announced the Drago - Creed fight in " Rocky 4 . " )
Still , I appreciated the season more than if I had lived in Massachusetts and watched the games -- every telecast was a treat , every radio broadcast was an effort , every highlight felt like a special gift , every box score was studied and analyzed , every phone call from my dad felt like a live report .
It 's crazy , I remember more about that ' 86 season than any other season .
And I missed most of it .
But I 'm going to disagree with you on one thing :
There is n't anything more exciting than watching a big baseball game in person .
Football has all the TV timeouts , basketball has too many stops down the stretch , and hockey can't be exciting beyond a certain level because there just are n't enough people that care .
( At this point , it 's Arena Football on skates . )
But when the stakes rise in baseball , and you 're sitting there in the park waiting to see what unfolds , there 's nothing else like it .
For example , the more time passes , the more I 'm starting to realize that being there for Games 4 and 5 of the 2004 ALCS at Fenway can't be topped , that I peaked as a sports fan on those two nights .
The Pats - Rams Super Bowl was unbelievable , obviously -- you can't top the experience of watching your football team win its first championship as a 14 - point underdog -- and I was fortunate enough to attend most of the relevant games of the Larry Bird Era .
But nothing compared to enduring 26 innings over 30 hours to stay alive against the Yankees in freezing weather that October .
The other games were incredible events ; that Game 4/5 combination was a life experience .
Grueling .
Nerve - racking .
Emotional .
Physically draining .
Unbelievably rewarding .
They would n't have won without us .
We just would n't let them lose .
And if you watch those games again , the number of twists and turns over those two nights was almost incomprehensible .
I still can't believe what happened , I can't believe how each of those games unfolded , I can't believe I was lucky enough to be there with my father ... and only 36,000 other people know what I mean .
That was one of the great memories of my life .
I can honestly say that .
And anyone who was there for Games 4 and 5 of the 2001 World Series , Game 6 of the ' 86 World Series , Gibson 's homer in 1988 , or any other baseball game in that class knows what I mean .
As for your Curry / Mickelson point about athletes failing to motivate themselves out of fear more than weakness , I would argue that Eddy Curry comes to camp overweight because he can't stop eating .
But I agreed with everything else .
Which leads me to a question that 's definitely in your wheelhouse : Can you explain the Contract Year phenomenon for me ?
What is it about the mentality of professional athletes where they sign huge contracts , then they either mail in the rest of their careers , or it takes them the requisite , " All right , I just made a crapload of money , maybe I do n't have to try as hard " year before they bounce back in the second year ?
It 's gotten to the point where I specifically avoid picking players for my fantasy teams who just signed huge contracts -- it 's one of my steadfast drafting rules , right up there with " never take a player who just spent more than 90 days in prison " and " never take anyone older than me . "
But this only seems to happen in sports .
So what 's the cause ?
And why does this happen mostly in the NBA , and almost always with tall centers ?
Do they fold from the weight of the contract and the expectations that come with it ?
Do they lack a certain amount of professional pride ?
Would most Americans do this if they were guaranteed copious amounts of money regardless of the quality of their work ?
I mean , imagine having a friend tell you , " Good news , I just signed a big deal to stay with my law firm ...
I 'm going to completely mail in the next three years , this is gonna be great !
Wow , did I dupe them ! "
Would that ever happen ?
I 'm convinced that it 's a phenomenon unique to sports .
Maybe you should follow Erick Dampier , Mark Blount , Jerome James , Scot Pollard , Juwan Howard and Kwame Brown around for three months for a book called , " The Dipping Point , " with special forwards from Jim McIlvaine , Calvin Booth , Shawn Bradley and Michael Stewart .
Gladwell :
This is one of my favorite topics .
Let 's do Erick Dampier .
In his contract year at Golden State , he essentially doubles his rebounds and increases his scoring by 50 percent .
Then , after he signs with Dallas , he goes back to the player he was before .
What can we conclude from this ?
The obvious answer is that effort plays a much larger role in athletic performance than we care to admit .
When he tries , Dampier is one of the top centers in the league .
When he does n't try , he 's mediocre .
So a big part of talent is effort .
The second obvious answer is that performance ( at least in centers ) is incredibly variable .
The same person can be a mediocre center one year and a top 10 center the next just based on how motivated he is .
So is Dampier a top 10 player or a mediocre player ?
There is no way to answer that .
It depends .
He 's not inherently good or bad .
He 's both .
The third obvious answer is that coaching matters .
If you are a coach who can get Dampier to try , you can turn a mediocre center into a top 10 center .
And you , the coach , will be enormously valuable .
( This is why Phil Jackson is worth millions of dollars a year . )
If you are a coach who ca n't get Dampier to try , then you 're not that useful .
( You may want to insert the name Doc Rivers at this point . )
In the context of sports , none of us have any problem with any of these conclusions .
But now let 's think about it in the context of education .
An inner city high school student fails his classes and does abysmally on his SATs .
No college will take him , and he 's basically locked out of the best part of the job market .
Why ?
Because we think that grades and SATs tell us something fundamental about that kid's talent and ability -- or , in this case , lack of it .
But wait : what are the lessons of the contract year ?
A big part of talent is effort .
Maybe this kid is plenty smart enough , and he 's just not trying .
More to the point , how can we say he is n't smart .
If talent does n't really mean that much in the case of Dampier -- if basketball ability is incredibly variable -- why do n't we think of ability in the case of this kid as being incredibly variable ?
And finally , what does the kid need ?
In the NBA , we 'd say he needed Phil Jackson or Hubie Brown or maybe just a short - term contract .
We'd think that we could play a really important role in getting Dampier to play harder .
So why do n't we think that in the case of the kid ?
I realize I 'm being a bit of a sloppy liberal here .
But one of the fascinating things about sports , it seems to me , is that when it comes the way we think about professional athletes , we 're all liberals ( without meaning to be , of course ) .
We give people lots of chances .
( Think Jeff George ) .
We go to extraordinary lengths to help players reach their potential .
We 're forgiving of mistakes .
When the big man needs help with his footwork , we ship him off to Pete Newell for the summer .
We hold players accountable for their actions .
But we also believe , as a matter of principle , that players need supportive environments in order to flourish .
It would be nice if we were as generous and as patient with the rest of society 's underachievers .
Click here for part 2
Bill Simmons is a columnist for Page 2 and ESPN The Magazine , and his Sports Guy 's World site is updated every day , Monday through Friday .
His new book " Now I Can Die In Peace " is available on Amazon.com and in bookstores everywhere .
If nothing else , it 's certainly something to behold .
Unfortunately we did n't get a chance to video the slot loading drive in the PS3 , but there is n't much to write about it .
Anyone who 's ever had a slot loading laptop knows the deal .
It was a bit loud , but did the trick .
The port config , as we all well know by now .
That 's a lot of logos .
The thing about the PS3 , it 's definitely optimized for heat .
Without looking too much like the Mac cheesegrater , this thing is really set up for unconstricted airflow -- a far cry from its original , smoother design .
During our play time , the unit remained relatively cool -- as cool , if not cooler than the Xbox 360 .
The eject and power buttons are n't tactile , but they are touch sensitive .
Here we 've got the CF , SD / miniSD , and Memory Stick slots , as well as the four USB ports , hard drive indicator , and wireless indicator .
We 're not 100 % sure , but we think this is where the hard drive 's at .
We understand it may be removable , more on that shortly .
Wi -Fi on airplanes just got a lot more entertaining .
Boeing this week launched a streaming television delivered straight to your laptop as part of its Connexion by Boeing high - speed Internet service .
The video service will debut on Singapore Airlines , and lets passengers watch CNBC , BBC , Eurosport News , and either MSNBC ( if you 're flying in the United States ) or Euronews ( if you 're abroad ) .
" You have n't seen much in major capital investments since 9/11 , " says Jack Evans , spokesperson for the Air Transport Association .
" Some airlines are still dealing with the bare essentials of survival . "
How It Works
Once the streaming video service is set up , you can expect DSL - like speeds , says Tim Vinopal , director of service delivery engineering .
Maximum throughput to the plane is 20 megabits per second , which Vinopal says translates to a passenger average of 150 to 200 kilobits per second .
On our test flight , speeds felt pokier than DSL but not painful .
Television streaming , which plays off of the Connexion by Boeing home page , was definitely jumpy -- my MSNBC and BBC video feeds were a bit stop and go -- but audio was fluid and clear .
E-mail and instant messaging worked fine , and you could even log in to corporate networks via VPN .
Although some other people onboard had no problem logging on to the service , the wireless card in my laptop refused to redirect to the Connexion IP address .
Rebooting my wireless did n't work -- it took one of Boeing 's tech experts and some command - line magic to address the issue .
Another passenger had difficulties connecting due to interference with his VPN client .
That 's a main problem with in - air broadband : Random glitches can occur , and an SAS flight is n't going to have experts who can help you troubleshoot .
Boeing spokespeople say that flight attendants may be able to reach tech support through VoIP phones or text chat on their own Internet - connected machines -- but such systems are n't standard .
Other Players
While Boeing 's Connexion is the most complete service to date , other companies are also in the game .
Switzerland - based OnAir - - a joint venture including Boeing rival Airbus -- is using satellite to offer a more - limited selection of services , including in - seat Short Message Service ( SMS ) and proxy access to Web - based e-mail and instant messaging .
OnAir plans to add a live IP service by 2007 that will give passengers full Web browsing and VPN capabilities .
Meanwhile , companies like Verizon Airfone , makers of seatback phones , are working on a terrestrial solution that links a plane 's access point to ground stations .
The air - to - ground connection would use the 4 - MHz spectrum that air phones currently use .
According to Verizon Airfone president Bill Pallone , the FCC will be auctioning off that spectrum by March 2006 , after which companies can deploy their Wi -Fi systems .
Pallone hopes to see this technology in the air by March 2007 .
Unlike satellite technology , though , air - to - ground is n't suitable for overseas travel .
Since ground towers have a radius of about 150 to 200 miles , the technology would n't work , for example , over the Atlantic .
Pallone says the technology is intended for flights that operate within North America .
What People Want
So is this what consumers want ?
According to a December report published by market research firm In - Stat , 44 percent of those surveyed said that they would be interested in Wi-Fi on airplanes .
" People are willing to pay something , but they 're not willing to pay a lot , " says Allen Nogee , principal analyst at In - Stat .
However , he points out , business users can usually expense the charge .
Business traveler Jen Martin would like to see more Wi -Fi on planes .
" A 9 - plus - hour flight means I 'm usually a day behind on e-mail already .
The ability to conduct business during a long - haul flight seems like a no - brainer . "
Not everyone is excited about the prospect , though .
As business traveler Chris Charla puts it , " If you give me Wi-Fi , I will have to work .
The airplane is the last place I can actually read a book during the day without guilt . "
August 12 , 2005 10:10 IST
T he relationship with your boss is probably the most important relationship you have at work .
Boss management can stimulate better performance , improve your working life , job satisfaction , and workload .
Give your boss a hand and reap the rewards .
W hen we think of managing someone , we usually think of managing our team members or subordinates .
The above title appeared for the first time a few years ago in a Harvard Business Review article written by two well known socio-psychologists .
Their argument was that in modern companies , subordinates are not solely dependent on their bosses , but that today 's complexity requires interdependence : the boss needs her team as well .
I have the vantage point of being an adviser to top management , a CEO , and now as Co-Director of the PED program at IMD .
In addition , I have been involved in the restructuring of a major international company , which involves some 12,000 people and 12 hierarchical levels .
In order to unleash the energies and get closer to customers , we divided the group into 250 ' small companies ' of some 50 people each and of three hierarchical levels .
To change the mindset , we organised a 20 - day management seminar , during which we discussed the challenge of how to deal with bosses , who in the old structure , tended to hamper change .
The whole process forced me to crystallize my observations and previous experience and test them with the 250 managers .
I have grouped the results into ten rules that try to answer some common questions asked by managers with respect to managing their bosses , with the aim of helping the relationship become more effective , foster faster decisions , better decisions and more trust .
1. Decisions :
If you do not want a ' no ' or procrastination , give him / her a hand
Your boss has other subordinates , other decisions to make .
Thus , her ( for simplicity , we use ' her ' from now on in this article ) best bet , if she is pressed for a decision , will be to say no .
No , it is too risky ; no , we do not have enough evidence ; no , it is the wrong timing ; no , it is off strategy , et cetera .
To avoid the ' no ' that will ruin your and your team 's enthusiasm , give her a hand .
Remind her of where you left it last time you met ;
Remind her of where you left it last time you met ;
Remind her of the objective rather than rushing to the ' what ' and ' how ' ;
Remind her of past problems encountered because a decision was not made ;
Quickly summarize the options considered , your criteria for selecting one option -- the one you are presenting ;
Tell her what you expect from her : simply to inform , to decide jointly , to share the risk , to add one criterion , to re-examine the option ;
Focus on the points where you need her help ;
Be prepared with facts / data for potential disagreements .
Help her out with graphics and visuals so that the situation is grasped faster ;
After your meeting , summarize for her the decision in writing to make sure of the understanding ;
And finally , once a decision has been made , your way , her way or no way , do not criticize it externally .
You have become the best defender ; the best ambassador of what was decided .
2 . Manage her time :
You may represent only 1 % of her problems , do n't make it as if it is 100 % .
Yes , you have preoccupations , problems to solve and issues to tackle .
However , while your time is entirely devoted to them , do not expect your boss 's time to be also .
The more simple the problem or issue at hand is , the less time you should have her spend on it : prepare , summarize , and synthesize information and options .
Do not confuse your more frequent problems with the most important ones .
Book her for several meetings in advance .
Nothing is more frustrating than to have to wait days , weeks or months for that extra new meeting needed in order to finalize a decision or a project .
3 . An opinion :
If you ask for her opinion , she will always have one .
Rare are the bosses who , when asked for their advice or their decision , will use the psychological ping - pong approach of retuning the question to the person who asked .
And their opinion may not always be that of a genius or a visionary .
However , once given , the opinion becomes a constraint : was it an order ?
So , if you do n't want your boss 's opinion to thwart your achievements , to slow the speed of decision - making , or cloud the viewpoint , then do n't ask for it .
Best of all , do n't ask if you do n't need her opinion .
Choose the right moment to avoid procrastination : not only save her time by focusing on big issues , but choose the right moment to do so .
If you present an issue at the wrong moment , the chances are she will procrastinate .
Prepare for your meeting : first because the advantage is to the one who is prepared , second because the preparation helps you reduce the time taken to come to the central issue .
Show the forest before the trees in a discussion : if you want to avoid spending a lot of time on going back to basics before she is at full speed with you , start with the basics yourself .
Remind her of the objective , where you stand today , and what you want her opinion on .
4. Information :
It is not data .
Turn grapes into wine : you are supposed to analyze the results of a market survey , and not be the mailman who passes the thick document full of statistics to your boss .
So be selective ; be visual ; group the data ; bring out what is essential .
Data overload creates stress , which in turn can create denial , rejection , and numbness .
As a manager , you are paid to collect the grapes ( data ) , and turn them into wine , i.e. useful information .
Do n't give her only the bad news : give her also the good news .
If you keep bringing only bad news , little by little you become the bad news yourself .
Do n't minimize good news , because you want to focus on the problems .
By doing that you contribute to creating a bad atmosphere .
Make sure she does not get the information from others too often : sometimes by being shy about what we should give or because we think it is not relevant , we do n't feed our boss with key elements .
However , other people could do it before you .
And then the hassle starts .
" I heard that " , " Why did n't you tell me that "
And then you need to justify yourself ; you may need to modify incorrect information .
The trade off is between too little information leading to starvation , frustration , and / or restlessness vs too much information leading to overload .
Round off : what helps more to give sense to an amount or a size : 886,262.11 or 890K ?
What makes the decision - making process faster : 79.27 % vs 21.73 % or simply 80 % vs 20 % .
Look back at all the tables you sent to your boss in the last twelve months .
Participate in and contribute to her informal network : every manager , hopefully , does not rely solely for managing on formal information given in internal documents and reports .
Some people use internal informal networks .
Some others also have an informal outside network of experts , friends , business connections that help them shape their vision of the world and how to act .
You have yours ; your boss has too .
Why not volunteer part of yours , so that you do not always have to react and be defensive about information fed by people you do not necessarily think are the best sources ?
5. Problems :
Do n't just come with problems , come also with solutions .
Good bosses hate two kinds of behavior .
The courtesan who always comes to tell you how great you are and the pyromaniac / fireman who comes to tell you " There is a huge problem " and then says " but do n't worry , I will solve it ! "
There is also a third kind , the monkey transferor .
She has a problem and she puts it on your shoulders , rather than bringing a solution or at least some options .
Problems usually have several aspects .
It is usually a gap between an objective and the result ; there are options to close the gap ; there is a choice of one option to be made ; key tasks , dates , people and resources needed must be defined .
On which of those steps in problem solving do you want your boss 's input ?
Just be clear on what input you want rather than come with the stressful -- " I have a problem " and throw the monkey .
6 . Assumptions :
Do not assume she knows as much as you do , but assume she can understand ; so educate her .
Please help , you are the expert .
You spend all of your time and that of your team on the issue .
You live with data , pressure points and levers ; your boss does not .
She does not know more than you do .
Most senior executives are even dangerous when they get involved in making micro-decisions , as their point of reference is often not the current one but rather the situation they knew when they were junior managers .
If you need her perspective , it is because it is broader ; she has a better sense for inter-relationships with other parts of the organisation .
You have two options .
You inundate her with technical stuff she does not understand , hoping that the amount of technical jargon will knock her down and force her to agree with you .
It may work , but it may become a barrier in communication leading to lack of trust .
You educate him by simplifying , using easy to understand language , feeding him with articles , examples , best practices , summaries that help him see a perspective .
By creating understanding , you relieve tensions ; create trust that can lead to better decision - making .
7. Delegations : Constantly test the waters .
It is not always easy to define ex ante what is delegated to a person .
Some companies prefer to use the principle of subsidiary rather than the principle of delegation : the principle of subsidiary stipulates that you can do everything except the following list , whereas in the principle of delegation you stipulate , " you can not do anything except "
Whichever is used , there will always be some doubt whether you have or do not have the delegation .
You have two options : either you play it safe by always asking your boss 's opinion .
This can lead to paralysis , bottlenecks and your own demise , as your boss will think you are unable to take responsibility .
Or you assume too much , take decisions and learn after the fact that it was not yours to decide .
In between , there is the ' test the waters ' strategy especially for things or areas , domains or steps that are unprecedented .
8. Promises :
Do not promise what you cannot deliver , and avoid surprises , trust is at stake .
Trust does not develop overnight and depends a lot on the predictability of the other person : what she says and does , how often she is living up to or not living up to her statements .
In the same way , you will not fully trust your boss if she changes her mind too often or says things contrary to what you were told the last time .
You also want to avoid being seen as unreliable by not delivering on what you promise or surprising her with bad news without forewarning .
Do not promise dates for finishing projects you cannot handle .
If you see that too much is asked of you , sit down and re-discuss priorities before proceeding , rather than becoming yourself a bottleneck .
Involve your boss in the process , so it becomes a common priority .
Avoid bad surprises .
If your job is to be in charge of a particular area , then it is also to be in charge of bad results and improving them .
Involve your boss in discussing and evaluating the risks , agreeing on key lead indicators that you will both share , so that neither you nor he will be surprised .
For instance , whereas sales are not a good lead indicator , future orders or bookings can be .
Cash in the bank is not , whereas good cash flow three months in advance is .
9. Differences : Manage differences in culture .
Sometimes at IMD we use a questionnaire called the Power Map to help participants identify their own culture ( i.e. values they cherish , leading to certain behaviors ) , to identify other executives ' profiles and discuss consequences on communication and leadership in a team .
To simplify , the four main types of profiles that our survey identified are :
People who like to ' control things ' and introduce processes , develop more the ' now ' ;
People who are more concerned with people , develop more the impact on people ;
People who are more concerned with getting things done , start with key actions ;
People who are more concerned with ideas , frame proposals in concepts .
Of course , in managing your boss you should know her personal inclination , as well as your personal bias .
If you are process oriented , you will tend to present issues in a systematic and orderly fashion , with pros and cons , chronology of tasks , etc .
If your boss is the action type , she could be bored .
So in that case an executive summary , emphasizing the key actions and results would be a handy starting point .
10 .
Trust :
Do n't be sloppy in your documentation .
It undermines trust .
By making the assumption that she will check what we write or say anyway , and that she will make changes , we sometimes tend to be sloppy in our writing .
Tables are not finished , text is not re-read , places we are going to are not visited beforehand , spelling is not checked , and information is missing ...
By not finalizing your facts , arguments , memos , spelling , supporting documents , etc. , you can be sure some things will get changed , mistakes corrected .
And soon you will be asked to show more facts and figures , and you will see more changes , more amendments .
Soon all the delegation you had will be gone .
Conclusion
Better work between a boss and his subordinate is not just a matter of leadership .
It also has to do with boss ' management ' , which can stimulate better performance , faster decision making and accomplishment of more by both parties .
Jacques Horovitz is Professor of Service Strategy , Service Marketing & Service Management at IMD , one of the world 's leading business schools .
Powered by
Published with the kind permission of The Smart Manager , India 's first world class management magazine , available bi-monthly .
Unstable ? , Free Exchange : Last month , unemployment hit 4.1 % in America , the lowest ... in thirty years .
Yet at the same time , Democrats are vowing to protect American jobs from foreign competition ...
If globalisation is sending jobs abroad , how is it that unemployment is so low ?
Anti-globalists often argue that the unemployment statistic hides a shrinking labour force and a job market that is n't what it used to be .
Job security has been outsourced ... , and those who have given most of their working lives to manufacturing jobs now find themselves surplus to requirements .
Even if they find another job , it is likely to be part time , without the benefits and security they once enjoyed .
However , this does not necessarily comport with what labour economists are finding .
There is a big difference between job stability and job security .
Job stability refers to how long a worker expects to be on a job ; it does not distinguish between those who are sacked , and those who leave for a better opportunity elsewhere .
Job security describes the likelihood that a worker will lose his job by either being fired or laid off .
Thus far , there is little evidence that job security has declined in the last twenty - five years ...
[ According to ] Princeton economist Henry Farber ... [t ] he likelihood of being in part time work after losing a full - time job ... varies with the business cycle , but there is no evidence that it has become more common overall .
...
Whether or not a worker has to take a pay cut in order to get a new job is similarly cyclical .
Workers , particularly those with a college education , became more likely in the 2001 to 2003 period to be in a job that paid less than the job they lost , but this may be simply be a reversion to the mean after the abnormally high wages paid to educated workers during the tech boom .
Overall , globalisation does n't seem to have had much effect on job security ...
[ W ] orkers have not fared any worse in the last ten years .
But though many labor economists dismiss media reports of precarious employment as anecdotal , that does n't make the anecdotes any less scary .
Even the biggest supporters of globalisation agree that more can be done to ease workers ' transition from redundancy into new employment .
I disagree with this .
Recall what Janet Yellen said recently as she contradicts the assertions above with a comprehensive look at the evidence on these issues :
Economic Inequality in the United States , by Janet Yellen , SF Fed President : ... It 's important to note first that our economy is always subject to large amounts of job turnover .
Indeed , this is one hallmark of a dynamic , flexible economy , and it is not necessarily a bad thing on net .
Data on worker flows ... indicate that ...[ o] ver half of this job churning is voluntary in nature , reflecting worker desires to find a job with higher wages , better working conditions , or a different location .
...
However , involuntary displacement from permanent jobs , due to layoffs or downsizing , is important and has been on the rise over the past two decades .
In particular , rates of worker displacement are up relative to measures of overall labor market conditions , such as the unemployment rate .
...
In addition , the distribution of displacement has shifted towards the highly educated : workers holding a college degree saw nearly a 50 percent increase in their displacement rates between the early 1980s recession and the most recent one in 2001 ....
So , more educated workers are seeing erosion of their job security relative to their less - educated counterparts .
Of course , job displacement still remains a ... significant issue for low - paid workers ...
Involuntary job loss frequently inflicts dire consequences , which have grown more severe over time .
Involuntary job losers typically are unemployed for at least four months , about 70 percent longer than individuals who enter unemployment voluntarily .
...
The picture looks even gloomier when you recognize that some job losers withdraw from the labor force ...
Put these factors together and it's clear that periods without earnings can be quite lengthy and costly for job losers .
Moreover , when displaced workers do find new jobs , they 're taking a pay cut of about 17 percent on average .
The size of this wage loss in the early 2000s was the highest in at least 20 years .
Job displacement also has adverse consequences for health insurance coverage .
Research shows that job loss substantially reduces access to health insurance over extended time periods ...
Given the increase in job displacement and earnings losses that I described above , it is not surprising that yearly fluctuations in individual earnings and family incomes have increased sharply since the 1970s ....
[ B] etween the 1970s and the early 2000s , the gaps between the highs and lows in a typical family 's yearly income have risen substantially .
... [ T ]he chances that an American family will see at least a 50 percent drop in its yearly income has more than doubled since the early 1970s , rising to about one in six families in recent years .
The increased risk associated with these income fluctuations is likely to reduce perceived well - being quite substantially , even if family incomes on average are growing over time .
As with the risk of job loss , these income risks are most severe for less - educated Americans .
However , during the 1990s , income instability rose relatively more for families with high educational achievement , consistent with the spread of involuntary job loss to highly educated individuals .
And , in keeping with The Economist 's international perspective , here 's New Economist with results for Germany :
I also support open markets , but there 's no reason to downplay the negative consequences it has for some workers .
The argument above attempts to convince workers that what they are feeling has no basis in reality , it is only due to anecdotal media reports .
Doing so does not help the cause ; it will not help to turn the populist political tide that is developing against globalization .
People are displaced by globalization and technology and , as the research shows , they end up worse off because of it .
These workers deserve our help , not a denial that they face increased hardships .
It 's not just scary stories in the media that are making workers feel insecure , the consequences are very real .
To maintain support for globalization we need to stop denying there are problems , and then convince the vast number of workers reporting increased feelings of insecurity that their economic welfare is just as important as the profits of the firms they work for .
Update :
By email , from a highly respected colleague at another university , a point I should have made :
Mark
As soon as I looked at your entry , my eyes bugged out .
" LAST month , unemployment hit 4.1 % in America , the lowest level the nation has seen in thirty years . "
Um , what ?
It was 4.4 percent , and the lowest in only 5 years .
Wishful thinking ?
It may seem like a trivial thing , but anyone who pays the least bit of attention to economic numbers knows that unemployment , even aside from the caveats , still has n't quite returned to late - Clinton levels .
So whoever wrote this is either deeply ignorant , has a powerful desire to believe in the " Bush boom " that overwhelms their ability to think straight , or both .
And this person presumes to lecture us about the facts of the labor market ?
Update :
The original post has been updated :
Update due to a typo , the unemployment figure was originally listed as 4.1 .
We 've corrected above .
The correction is to 4.4 % .
Though it 's not noted in their update , they also backed off the claim that the unemployment rate is the best in thirty years .
It now reads :
Last month , unemployment hit 4.4 % in America , the lowest level the nation has seen since 2001 .
Given the preponderance of spelling errors in the original post ( I corrected them above , e.g. see " gobalisation " twice in the opening paragraph ) , the typo seems quite possible , but where did the " lowest level the nation has seen in thirty years " claim come from ?
What has concerned me was the knowledge that a number of large new oil fields are due on stream during 2006 ( and beyond ) and I was left wondering how many of those were already on production , and would be included in EIA , IEA data and therefore included in Stuart 's charts ?
And how many have yet to come on stream later this year ?
Was it possible that a wall of new oil was heading for the market that would see production rising towards 86 or 87 million bpd ?
Those few of you who may have read some of my earlier posts will know that I like technical analysis , but prefer to look at the technical position in conjunction with what is going on in the real world .
In particular , Stuart 's excellent plateau posts provide a short - term view of world oil production struggling to rise above 85 million bpd .
Chris Skrebowski's megaprojects database ( pdf warning ) formed the basis of this research .
I have basically trawled company web sites and the internet for status reports on the 29 new 50,000 bpd + projects that were due on during 2006 .
The results fall into three categories :
Projects with recent data reporting that they are on stream Projects with recent data indicating that they will be on stream by the end of 2006 Projects with no recent or confident data whose status is unknown .
These are mainly ME OPEC projects .
So here 's the results ( the numbering system is from my spreadsheet which is available on request at the email at the bottom of this post ) :
Projects that are on production with indicated max flow rates
1 AOR - E delta , 110,000 bpd new production capacity came on July 067 Erha , 150,000 bpd , March 069 In Amenas , 50,000 bpd , May 0613 Azeri-Chirag , 300,000 bpd , June 0614 Albacore Leste , 180,000 bpd , June 0616 Benguela Belize , 110,000 bpd , July 0619 Chinguetti , 75,000 bpd , Feb 0621 Enfield , 100,000 bpd , July 0623 Golfinho , 100,000 bpd , June 0626 Syncrude ph3 , 100,000 bpd , May 0629 Upper Salym , 60,000 bpd , June 0630 Yoho , 160,000 bpd , Feb 06 *
12 projects : 1,485,000 bpd new capacity already introduced
* not on the " Megaprojects " list .
Projects not on production yet but with reported probability that production will start 2006
15 Atlantis , 150,000 bpd , end 0617 Buzzard , 100,000 bpd , late 0620 Dalia , 240,000 bpd , no recent news 22 Foster Creek , 115,000 bpd , SAGD tar sand24 Jubarte , 60,000 bpd , 2H 0625 Surmont , 100,000 bpd , SAGD tar sand28 Thunderhorse , 250,000 bpd , ¾ 06
7 projects : 1,015,000 bpd new capacity going to come on
Projects with uncertain status
2 Asab upgrading , 100,000 bpd3 Bu Hasa , 180,000 bpd4 Darquain , 105,000 bpd5 Dolphin , 100,000 bpd6 EA , 50,000 bpd8 Ghawar Haradh , 300,000 bpd10 NEB , 100,000 bpd11 South Pars 6 & 8 , 120,000 bpd12 South Pars 9 & 10 , 250,000 bpd27 Tengiz , 150,000 bpd
10 projects : 1,455,000 bpd that may or may not be already on production
Note that Cachalote in Brazil is on the Megaprojects list but I can find no reference to it being an actual project for 2006 .
This is replaced by a large Nigerian Field , Yoho , that is not on the Megaprojects list but which came on in February this year .
Looking at the fields with confident reported data , 12 are on production representing 1,485,000 bpd new production capacity whilst 7 fields are still expected on stream by the end of the year representing 1,015,000 bpd new production capacity .
This is split exactly 7:5 indicating that new production has come on stream proportionally throughout the year and is neither biased towards the beginning or the end .
It therefore seems reasonable to assume that 2006 production from the 10 projects with no data may be distributed similarly ( although some of those such as South Pars 6&8 have been delayed to next year ) .
The main conclusion to draw from this is that capacity erosion has been balanced by new capacity for the first 5 months reported on Stuart 's most recent plateau chart .
Equally , it is worth noting that 7 of the projects already on , came on stream during June and July and are not yet included in Stuart 's data , these are , however , included in the current oil price .
It would not surprise me if we see June and July production creeping up , to be knocked back in August by supply disruption at Prudhoe Bay .
There does not seem to be a wall of new oil heading for the market that would substantially alter the emerging production plateau .
The main areas of new production are the Caspian , Angola , Brazil and the US GOM .
The Tbilisi - Baku - Ceyhan pipeline opened on June 4th and since then 8 consignments of oil from the Azeri - Chirag fields have been lifted at Ceyhan ( just up the Med. form Lebanon ) representing an average 120,000 bpd .
This is projected to build to 1 million bpd over the next three years .
Note that all production data are for maximum capacity that will not yet have been reached in most cases .
Production from those fields will build in the months ahead - just as production from fields brought on last year will have been building during the first half of this year .
I have a spreadsheet summarising all this data with links to sources .
If you want a copy then mail me at :
euan dot mearns at btinternet dot com
aka Cry Wolf
We are builders
We work with clients to build digital campaigns that get results .
We are who you call when you need to get something done .
By Jane Chambers
BBC News , Santiago
The girls scaled buildings in the Chilean capital Santiago
The all - girl gang of teenagers were infamous for climbing up buildings in Santiago to burgle luxury apartments .
In a spate of high - profile robberies in 2005 , they made off with thousands of pounds worth of jewellery .
Their arrests have sparked off a debate about the country 's judicial system as juveniles , under the age of 18 , receive lower sentences .
' Liked clothes '
Lurking in the gardens of expensive parts of Santiago , the four girls hurled ropes and hooks up to balcony railings , hauled themselves up and walked through the flat windows .
They then walked out of the buildings as if they were visitors .
The gang members were arrested last year but three of them were sent to reform school rather than prison because of their age .
They vowed to change their ways but after being released , one Spider Girl , Yasna , returned to her old tricks , recruiting a new member , Marcielle .
Despite both being heavily pregnant , they still managed to climb up to the third floor of some flats .
They were apprehended when a security guard became suspicious and called the police .
One ex-Spider Girl , Jocelyn , said of the gang 's motivation : " We did it because we wanted money in our pockets .
We like to buy new clothes . "
Many Chileans have been angered by the girls ' antics , saying the law is too soft and needs to be changed so under 18 - year - olds get tougher punishments and do not think they are above the law .
Is that a penguin in your pocket , or are you just happy to see me ?
Do I really need to tell an Ars Technica reader why a Linux computer that can fit in one 's pocket would be so cool ?
Probably not .
These machines are the ultimate in small form factor , trading power and performance for size , portability and convenience .
The navigation of this tradeoff is of paramount concern : give up too much power , and the device is useless ; too little , and it'll be inconveniently large .
I 've taken a look at how two products , The BlackDog Pocket Linux Server and the Waysmall 200BT , navigate these treacherous waters .
My primary question is simply whether the devices are useful .
Any schmuck can put together a gizmo with nice packaging and pretty lights in a small form factor and charge US $ 200 for it .
Do these devices transcend gimmicky geek gadget status ?
The target market for each of these devices seems to be Linux enthusiasts of one sort or another .
Given that they 're trying to make money off folks that are technically adept , these tools need to provide features that would both be useful for a geek / programmer / sysadmin , and are n't easily replicable with some instructions off Make .
I 'm going to assume anyone interested in these gadgets is comfortable with a * nix command line .
The BlackDog tends to be a little more user friendly and snazzy , while the Waysmall is intended for someone who 's not only comfortable on the command line , but also comfortable compiling and programming C .
I 'd like to take a moment to thank Realm Systems and Gumstix for being enormously helpful in getting me units for review .
Nice , helpful , intelligent folk are hard to come by these days .
And now , on to the candidates
Gumstix Waysmall 200BT
Gumstix Waysmall 200BT
Manufacturer : Gumstix ( product page )
MSRP : US$ 174.00
Gumstix Inc. is named after a piece of gum for one very simple reason : they make computers that are the size of sticks of gum .
This is not hyperbole :
These cards are so small that space - time is warped around them ,
seeming not unlike the effect of a wide - angle lens .
This is the Gumstix Connex 200 and the netMMC daughter card .
These provide pretty similar functionality to the unit I 'm actually reviewing , but without the luxurious white case we 'll see in a moment .
The Connex snaps into the daughter card , which provides the Connex with an ethernet connection and an MMC slot ( on the bottom ) .
Like Voltron , except without lasers or ' 80s kitsch value .
Battle mode .
There are lots of daughter cards available from Gumstix , including one that provides audio .
This modular design approach is both convenient and easy on your wallet , since the add - on cards cost less than US $ 40 and can be paired with any compatible mainboard , allowing you to swap features in and out depending on your need .
Additionally , there 's Gumstix 's Robostix which seems to be more suited for custom electronics projects , providing easy - to - solder headers on the board .
Enough about the other products , let 's see the one I 'm actually reviewing .
Contestant # 1
The Waysmall 200BT is very similar to the Connex 200 above .
The difference is that it 's based on the slightly different Basix board , has Bluetooth , USB , MMC , and RS - 232 , and that it comes in a white case .
The Connex offers more flexibility than the Waysmall , both in its choices of daughter cards , and in its packaging .
The Waysmall , on the other hand , provides a complete package out of the box .
Getting up and running with a Waysmall took under half and hour , and its variety of connectivity options mean that it should be able to function in a variety of roles .
The Waysmall really tries to be a pocket computer , whereas the Connex and ( even moreso ) the Robostix , are intended for more specialized applications .
Without further ado , behold a table containing the Waysmall 's stats :
Processor Intel XScale PXA255 200MHz Memory 64MB SDRAM
Flash storage 4MB Power requirements 3.4 - 5.2V Dimensions 83 mm x 36 mm x 15 mm Operating system Custom Linux , kernel 2.6.11
Price US$ 174
Nice case .
Nice case to die in !
Despite its prepackaged nature , the waysmall is not entirely inflexible .
The case is easily removable , revealing a mainboard and daughter card that could be replaced with another , though the case would n't fit any more .
If you 're intending to futz with the Waysmall 's hardware , you may as well just buy a Connex main board , a daughter card , and a case separately .
the bluetooth and MMC are on the main board , while power ,
serial and USB are provided by the daughter card
Now that everyone 's met each other , let 's get down to business ...
DIGG THIS
In the midst of nationwide prosperity , some economic and social problems keep nagging at the public .
All over the country , they take the same form .
What are they ?
Traffic congestion , inadequate roads , overcrowded schools , juvenile delinquency , water shortages .
Such matters have proven troublesome in many ways ; above all , they seem to breed conflicts .
Fierce battles are raging between warring groups of Americans .
Some want " progressive " education ; others want varying blends of the traditional .
Some want socialism taught in the schools ; others favor free enterprise .
Some want religion in the schools , and others proclaim separation of Church and State .
Some Americans want water fluoridated , and others want it unmedicated .
Is there anything special about water or schooling that creates insoluble problems ?
How does it happen that there are no fierce arguments over what kind of steel or autos to produce , no battles over the kind of newspapers to print ?
The answer :
There is something special  for the problems of schooling and water supply are examples of what happens when government , instead of private enterprise , operates a business .
Have you ever heard of a private firm proposing to " solve " a shortage of the product it sells by telling people to buy less ?
Certainly not .
Private firms welcome customers , and expand when their product is in heavy demand thus servicing and benefiting their customers as well as themselves .
It is only government that " solves " the traffic problem on its streets by forcing trucks ( or private cars or buses ) off the road .
According to that principle , the " ideal " solution to traffic congestion is to outlaw all vehicles !
And yet , such are the suggestions one comes to expect under government management .
Is there traffic congestion ?
Ban all cars !
Water shortage ?
Drink less water !
Postal deficit ?
Cut mail deliveries to one a day !
Crime in urban areas ?
Impose curfews !
No private supplier could long stay in business if he thus reacted to the wishes of customers .
But when government is the supplier , instead of being guided by what the customer wants , it directs him to do with less or do without .
While the motto of private enterprise is " the customer is always right , " the slogan of government is " the public be damned ! "
Conflicts and bitterness are inherent in government operation .
Imagine what would happen if all newspapers were published by government .
First , because a government operation gets its revenues from coercive taxation instead of voluntary payment for services rendered , it is not obliged to be efficient in serving the consumer .
And , second , conflicts among groups of taxpayers would rage over editorial policy , news content , and even tabloid versus regular size .
" Rightists , " " leftists , " " middle - of - the - roaders , " each forced to pay for the paper , would naturally try to govern its policy .
On the free market , in contrast , each group finances and supports its own preferred product , whether newspaper , school , or package of baby food .
Socialists , free enterprisers , progressives , traditionalists , gossip - lovers , and chess - lovers , all find schools , papers , or magazines that meet their needs .
Preferences are given free rein , and no one is compelled to take an unwanted product .
Every political preference , every variety of taste , is satisfied .
Instead of a majority or the politically powerful tyrannizing over a minority , every individual may have as much as he can afford of precisely what he wants .
The standard government reply to charges of inefficiency or shortage is to blame the public : " Taxpayers wo n’t give us more money ! "
The public literally has to be forced to hand over more tax money for highways , schools , and the like .
Yet , here again , the question arises : " Why does n’t private enterprise have these problems ? "
Why do n’t TV firms or steel companies have trouble finding capital for expansion ?
Because consumers pay for steel and television sets , and savers , as a result , can make money by investing in those businesses .
The Rothbard Collection
Firms that successfully serve the public find it easy to obtain capital for expansion ; unsuccessful , inefficient firms of course go out of business .
In government , there are no profits for investors and no penalty charged against the inefficient operator .
No one invests , therefore , and no one can ensure that successful plants expand and unsuccessful ones disappear .
These are some of the reasons why the government must raise its " capital " by literally conscripting it .
Many people think these problems could be solved if only " government were run like a business . "
And so they advocate jacking up postal charges until the Post Office is " run at a profit . "
Of course , the users would be taking some of the burden off the taxpayers .
But there are fatal flaws in this idea of government - as - a - business .
In the first place , a government service can never be run as a business , because the capital is conscripted from the taxpayer .
There is no way of avoiding that .
( Finance by bond issue still rests on the power of taxation to redeem the bonds . )
Secondly , private enterprise gains a profit by cutting costs as much as it can .
Government need not cut costs ; it can either cut its service or simply raise prices .
Government service is always a monopoly or semi-monopoly .
Sometimes , as in the case of the Post Office , it is a compulsory monopoly  all competition is outlawed .
If not outlawed , private competition is strangled by taxes to cover the operating deficits and raise capital for tax - exempt government operation .
There is another critical problem in government operation of business .
Private firms are models of efficiency largely because the free market establishes prices which permit them to calculate , which they must do in order to make profits and avoid losses .
Thus , free " capitalism " tends to set prices in such a way that goods are properly allocated among all the intricate branches and areas of production that make up the modern economy .
Capitalist profit - and - loss calculation makes this marvel possible  and without central planning by one agency .
In fact , central planners , being deprived of accurate pricing , could not calculate , and so could not maintain a modern mass - production economy .
In short , they could not plan .
There is no way to gauge the success of a product that the customers are compelled to buy .
And every time government enters a business , it distorts pricing a little more , and skews calculation .
In short , a government business introduces a disruptive island of calculational chaos into the economic system .
No wonder , then , that our economic problems center in government enterprises .
Government ownership breeds insoluble conflicts , inevitable inefficiency , and breakdown of living standards .
Private ownership brings peace , mutual harmony , great efficiency , and notable improvements in standards of living .
This article was first published in The Freeman in September 1956 .
Murray N. Rothbard ( 19261995 ) was the author of Man , Economy , and State , Conceived in Liberty , What Has Government Done to Our Money , For a New Liberty , The Case Against the Fed , and many other books and articles .
He was also the editor  with Lew Rockwell  of The Rothbard - Rockwell Report .
Murray Rothbard Archives
The Best of Murray N. Rothbard
« If pets could design user experiences ... | Main | Crash Course in Learning Summary »
Crash course in learning theory
One formula ( of many ) for a successful blog is to create a " learning blog " .
A blog that shares what you know , to help others .
Even -- or especially -- if that means giving away your " secrets " .
Teaching people to do what you do is one of the best ways we know to grow an audience -- an audience of users you want to help .
It 's what I try to do here because -- let 's face it -- you 're just not that into me ; )
But I assume ( since you 're reading this blog ) that you ARE into helping your users kick ass .
So to make content that 's worth your time and attention , I try to make this a learning blog .
I reckon y'all could not care less what I had for dinner , who I ate with , or what I think about the latest headlines .
So , as promised in an earlier post , here 's a crash course on some of our favorite learning techniques gleaned from cognitive science , learning theory , neuroscience , psychology , and entertainment ( including game design ) .
Much of it is based around courses I designed and taught at UCLA Extension 's New Media / Entertainment Studies department .
This is the long version , and my next post will be just the bullet points with the pictures -- as a kind of quick visual summary .
This is not a comprehensive look at the state of learning theory today , but it does include almost everything we think about in creating our books .
And although it 's geared toward blogs / writing virtually everything in here applies regardless of how you deliver the learning -- you can easily adapt it to prentations , user documentation , or classroom learning .
And remember , this is a BLOG , so do n't expect academic rigor ; ) but I do have references , so leave a comment if there 's something in particular you want .
Crash Course in Learning Theory
The long version ...
• Talk to the brain first , mind second .
Even if a learner is personally motivated to learn a topic , if the learning content itself is n't motivating , the learner 's brain will do everything possible to look for something more interesting .
This applies to both getting and keeping attention , as well as memory .
Remember , you can't do anything until you get past the brain 's crap filter !
And to the brain , a dry , dull , academic explanation is definitely CRAP ( regardless of how much your mind cares about the topic ) .
Learning is not a one - way " push " model .
Learners are not " empty vessels " waiting to be filled with content pushed into it by an expert , blogger , author , etc .
Learning is something that happens between the learner 's ears -- it 's a form of co-creation between the learner and the learning experience .
You can't create new pathways in someone 's head ... your job is to create an environment where the chances of the learner " getting it " in the way that you intend are as high as possible .
• Provide a meaningful benefit for each topic , in the form of " why you should care about this " scenario .
Learning is much more effective if the learner 's brain knows why what you 're about to talk about matters .
The benefit and / or reason why you should learn something needs to come before the actual content .
Otherwise , the learner 's brain gets to the end of what you 're telling them and says , " Oh , NOW you tell me .
If you 'd said that earlier , I would have paid more attention ... "
This process of not - paying - attention is not completely within the learner 's conscious control so , like I said , even if the person is motivated to learn this thing , their brain can still tune out during specific parts that do n't start with a compelling benefit .
To find a " meaningful benefit " , play the " Why ?
Who Cares ?
So What ? " game with someone else .
Describe the thing you 're trying to explain , to which the other person asks , " Why ? " Provide an answer , to which the person then asks , " Who cares ? " .
Provide an answer , to which the person asks , " So ? "
At this point , when you 're nearly ready to kill them for not getting it , you probably have the thing you should have said instead of whatever you said first ( and second ) .
The most compelling and motivating reason / benefit is almost always the thing you say only after you 've answered at least three " Yeah , but WHY do I care ? " questions .
• Use visuals !
We are all visual creatures , and the brian can process visual information far more efficiently than words .
These pictures can come in many forms :
* Info graphic or diagram
* Visual metaphor
* Picture of the thing being described , with annotations
* Picture of the end state
* Picture designed to create attention and recall
• Use redundancy to increase understanding and retention .
Redundancy does n't mean repetition -- it means " say the same thing again , but differently . "
And " differently " can mean :
* From a different perspective .
* Using a different information channel ( channels include things like Graphics , Examples , Prose explanations , step - by - step instruction / tutorial , case studies , exercises , summaries , bullet points , commentary , devil 's advocate , Q & A , personal POV , etc. )
Also , the more senses you engage , the greater the potential for retention and recall .
Even having a bowl of just - popped popcorn or the smell of freshly - baked cookies while learning , can make a difference .
Bummer about web - delivered content , though ...
Being terse is good for a reference document , but deadly in learning content .
The best learning experience considers the way you 'd learn that particular thing in real life -- but offers it in a safe , simulated , compressed form .
Real - life learning is never terse ; it 's choas and confusion punctuated with moments of insight ( " Ah - ha ! " ) and clarity .
It 's a wave , not a straight line .
A learning blog , book , or classroom should n't try to straighten it out !
• Maintain interest with variety and surprise .
• Use conversational language .
The brain pays more attention when it thinks it's in a conversation and must " hold up its end . "
And there 's evidence that suggests your brain behaves this way even if the " conversation " is between a human ( you ) and a book or computer screen ( or lecture ) .
• Use mistakes , failures , and counter - intuitive WTF ?
People usually learn much more from failures than from being shown everything working correctly or as expected .
The most memorable learning experiences are usually those where things are going along fine , making sense , etc . when you suddenly slam into something that goes terribly wrong .
Describing the things that do NOT work is often more effective than showing how things DO work .
( We call this the " WTF learning principle " ) .
But showing is even better than describing .
And even better than showing is letting the learner experience .
Take the learner down a garden path where everything makes perfect sense until it explodes .
They are far more likely to remember than if you simply say , " Oh , and be sure you do it such and such a way . "
It 's tempting to want to protect the learners from the bumps and scrapes experienced in the real world , but in many cases ( with many topics ) you are n't doing the learner any favors .
• Use the filmaker ( and novelist ) principle of SHOW - don't - TELL .
Rather than lecture about the details of how something works , let them experience how it works by walking them through a story or scenario , where they can feel the bumps along the way .
• Use " chunking " to reduce cognitive overhead .
Remember , we have very little short - term memory ( RAM ) in our heads .
The standard rule is that we can hold roughly 7 things before we must either commit some of it to long - term storage or toss it out to take in something new .
And the things you hold in short - term memory vanish as soon as there is an interruption .
You look up a phone number , and as long as you repeat it to yourself and nobody asks you a question , you can remember it -- usually just long enough to dial the number .
By the time you finish talking to the person on the other end of the line , the number is long gone .
Chunking takes fine - grained data / facts / knowledge and puts them into meaningful or at least memorable chunks to help reduce the number of things you have to hold in short - term memory , and increase the chance of retention and recall .
For example , imagine you were asked to take 30 seconds to memorize the following " code symbols " for the numbers 1 - 10 :
you'd be lucky to get 60 % correct in a follow - up quiz given immediately after those 30 seconds .
There are simply too many symbols to memorize in such a short time , and there 's no instantly obvious way to relate them to one another .
But ... with one simple change to the way in which the symbols are presented -- and without changing the symbols :
30 seconds gets most people to 100 % accuracy in the follow - up quiz .
In other words , by grouping the symbols into a meaningful , memorable pattern , we reduce the number of individual ( and potentially arbitrary ) things you have to memorize , and increase the chances .
• Since stress / anxiety can reduce focus and memory , do everything possible to make the learner feel relaxed and confident .
That does not mean dumbing - down the material , but rather letting the learner know that -- " This IS confusing -- so do n't worry if it 's still a little fuzzy at this point .
It will start to come together once you 've worked through the rest of the examples . "
In other words , let them know that they are n't stupid for not getting it at this point .
For especially difficult and complex topics , let the learner know where they should be at each stage , and help them decide whether they need to go back and repeat something .
Make sure they know that this repetition is part of the normal learning process , not something they must do because they failed .
If you 're worried about being patronizing , then do n't patronize .
Just be honest about what it takes for people to learn that content .
But you can't do that unless you know how hard it is for a beginner to learn it .
As experts , we have a tough time remembering what it was like NOT TO KNOW , so if you 're not sure , do the research .
One of the best ways to find out what newcomers struggle with is to visit online discussion forums for beginners in your topic .
This is also a great way to come up with a table - of - contents or topic list , because what you THINK should be a no - brainer might be the one thing everyone gets stuck on , and what you think would be confusing could turn out to be easy for most people .
The point is , YOU are not necessarily the best judge of how your audience will learn the topic .
And empathy rarely helps -- you cannot truly put yourself in someone else 's shoes unless their brain and background are a very close match for yours .
You have to find out what your learners are struggling with , and suspend any judgement about " This should be a no - brainer . "
Those who have taught a topic have a big advantage writing about it -- they 've fielded the questions and watched people struggle .
They know how things should be " weighted " according to how difficult they are .
But you can learn almost as much simply by lurking on beginner discussion forums ( or attending user group sessions for newbies ) .
• Use seduction , charm , mystery to build curiosity .
We 're hard - wired to pay attention and pursue things we 're attracted to .
This is n't about selling them on an idea -- it 's about helping them stay engaged and learning .
Knowing what -- and when -- to withold is one of the most powerful tools you have .
If you 're writing reference material ( like this post ) , witholding will just piss people off .
But in a learning experience , you want a page - turner .
And do n't even think about suggesting that " page - turner " does n't apply to , say , technical material .
If the purpose is learning , the learner has to stay engaged .
It 's up to you to craft an experience that keeps them hooked .
This engagement might be within a single post , or you might offer little cliffhangers or teasers to keep them engaged across multiple posts , if that 's what it takes to cover a topic .
• Use a spiral model to keep users engaged .
Game developers know the importance of " The Next Level " , and learning experiences must do the same .
Each iteration through the spiral should start with a meaningful , motivating goal , followed by the interaction / activity / reading that moves you toward that goal , followed by a meaningful payoff .
Ideally , the " meaningful payoff " leads right into the next motivating goal .
For example , in a game the payoff for completing a level might be " You Get A New Weapon " .
But now that you have that new weapon , here 's the cool new thing you can do that you could n't do before .
Learning does n't need to be any different .
" Imagine you want to do X on your website ... " is the goal that starts the topic , but when the topic is complete , the learning content can say , " Now that you have THAT new [ superpower capability ] , would n't it be cool if you could do Y ? "
And off they go into the next round of learning .
• Do n't rob the learner of the opportunity to think !
Rather than simply spelling everything out step by step , ask questions , pose multiple and potentially conflicting viewpoints , show the topic from different perspectives , and set up scenarios ( and possibly exercises ) that allow the learner to use deeper brain processing .
Things that encourage deeper thinking are those that cause the learner to categorize , organize , apply , infer , evaluate , etc .
Do n't be afraid to pose questions that you do n't answer right away .
Think back to those teachers you had who would ask a question then immediately answer it , as opposed to those who would answer a question then just sit there ... waiting ...
• Use the 80/20 principle to reduce cognitive overload .
It 's far more important that they nail the key things than be exposed to everything .
Be brutal , be brave , be relentless in what you leave out .
Knowing what NOT to include is more important in learning design than knowing what TO include .
• Context matters .
Try to place facts , concepts , procedures , examples in a bigger context .
Even if you 've already discussed the context , do n't be afraid to repeat that context again .
For example , instead of always showing code snippets , show the code within the larger context of where it usually appears .
Highlight the code you 're focused on by bolding it , putting it in a box , etc. , so that the learner is not overwhelmed by the amount of code , and can focus on just the part you 're talking about , but still be able to see how that new code relates to the rest of the code .
Our rule of thumb in our books is to show the same code context two or three times before switching to just the snippets ( although this rule varies greatly with the type of code ) .
• Emotion matters !
People learn and remember that which they FEEL .
Look back at what you 've written and if it 's dry and lifeless , try to inject some energy .
Dry , academic , formal , lecture - style writing is usually the WORST form of learning content .
One of the many ways to help tap into emotions ( and increase attention and memory ) is to use the brain 's reaction to faces .
Almost any kind of face with a strong expression evokes a part of the brain reserved just for processing faces .
The ability to accurately recognize faces and read facial expressions is a key element of survival for the brain ...
• Never underestimate the power of FUN to keep people engaged .
The act of having fun is also an emotion , so anything associated with fun has a greater chance of being remembered .
• Use stories .
Humans have been learning from stories for , well , a really really really long time .
Millenia longer than we 've been learning from lectures on just the data and information .
When we say " stories " , we do n't necessarily mean actual fictional " John 's network went down just as he was plugging in the ... " , although those do work .
But a " story " can simply mean that you 're asking the learner to imagine herself wanting to do a particular thing , and then offering an experience of what that would be like if she were actually trying to accomplish it , with all the ups , downs , false leads , etc. ( but again , with less of the actual pain she might experience in real life ) .
A flight simulator , for example , is a kind of story .
You are n't just up there learning the controls ; you 're actually flying in a particular storyline .
If you 're a software developer , another way to think about story - driven learning is to map use - cases to learning stories .
Base your learning content around individual use - cases , and put the learner in the center of the use - case .
One easy trick for designing story - driven learning is to start each topic with something like , " Imagine you want to do ... " and then walk though that experience .
It makes the learning organic and real , and helps make sure you get rid of the stuff that does n't need to be there .
If it does n't show up in a use - case / story , are you so sure you should be teaching it ?
• Use pacing and vary the parts of the brain you 're exercising .
Learning -- and especially memorization - - does n't happen at an even pace .
Brains -- or especially parts of brains -- get tired and lose focus .
By varying the pace -- and type -- of learning content , you give a user 's brain the chance to let one part rest while the other part takes over .
For example , follow a heavy left - brain technical procedure with a big - picture example / story that covers the same topic .
This helps the learner 's memory in two different ways -- the redundancy means two different chances to save the information , and the fact that you gave one part of the brain a break while shifting to a different part keeps their brain working longer without fatigue .
Think about it -- if you hopped up and down on your right foot repeatedly , that right leg would give up after fewer repetitions than if you kept switching from right to left .
Pacing -- by frequently switching which parts of your body ( or in this case , brain ) you 're using -- lets you stay fresher for a longer period .
Also , recording something to long - term memory is rarely instant ( although the stronger the associated emotion , the faster ( and more likely ) your brain is to record it ) .
Memory is a physical / chemical process that happens after you 've been exposed to something , and if anything interrupts the process , the memory is not stored .
That 's why people with serious head injuries often cannot remember what took place just prior to the injury -- the process of recording those things to long - term memory was stopped .
If you want someone to remember something , you must give them a chance to process that memory .
Relentlessly presenting new , tough information ( like tons of code and complex concepts ) without also including chances to reflect , process , think , apply , review , etc. virtually guarantees that much of the learning will be forgotten .
• Remember , it 's never about you .
It 's about how the learner feels about himself as a result of the learning experience .
Do n't use learning content as a chance to show off your knowledge -- that virtually guarantees your content wo n't be user - friendly .
Use it as a chance to help someone 's life a little .
A successful learning blog is about helping the readers learn and grown and kick ass !
Make that happen , and your stats will take care of themselves .
In contrast , the best way to ensure a low readership is to assume that readers are into you .
Offering users nothing but your opinions , however well - reasoned , might not be enough to make it worth their scarce time and attention .
" If you teach it , they will come . "
Posted by Kathy on January 3 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83454238969e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Crash course in learning theory :
» Crash Course in Learning Theory from Life Coaches Blog
One of my all - time favorite blogs Creating Passionate Users has a fantastic post on a Crash Course in Learning Theory .
Our coaches might recognize the whole - brain learning principles , like engaging all senses , speaking to both the left and right part ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 2:02:37 AM
» Kathy Sierra is the blogger I want to be when I grow up from Satragon
Friends , please put Kathy Sierra on your RSS feed list or whatever it is that you use to aggregate your blog reading .
She is so darn good at it that the green beast of envy sits on my shoulder whispering sweet nothings into my ea ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 5:39:44 AM
» Document Delight from How to Start a Software Company Without Really Trying
I 've been following this blog called Creating Passionate Users for a while .
It 's by the people who write the " Head First " books .
Now I 've never actually read any of their books , but I did use the amazon preview to check them out .
Wow .
Wish I 'd had textb [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 6:28:39 AM
» Interesting Finds from Jason Haley
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 6:35:28 AM
» Learning Theory : Addict them all !
from Teacher in Development
This is an invitation for all you teachers out there , and for anyone who has users that need to be captivated and addicted to what you offer .
What a cool way to start 2006 , reflecting on how to improve your users / student ’... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 7:52:41 AM
» Let them learn from Face2 Face Meetingsnet
Oh , this post on Creating Passionate UsersA Crash Course in Adult Learningis a must - print - and - send - to - everyone - involved - in - meetings thing .
Author Kathy Sierra romps through the basics , with lots of great visuals , and gives you a good time ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 10:07:55 AM
» Fun Should be taken Seriously from New Persuasion
Just came out of a New Persuasion staff meeting where we talked about the fine line between having fun and being professional .
I do n't really get why it has to be one or the other - why not both ?
What [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 10:20:48 AM
» Learning 101 from Weblogg-ed - The Read / Write Web in the Classroom
Creating Passionate Users is becoming one of my favorite blogs , and today 's post " Crash Course in Learning Theory " really just blew me away .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 10:27:26 AM
» Experience Crafting : The Addictive Language Classroom from Teacher in Development
Ive started with a new group of students this year .
New faces .
New language competencies .
New motivating forces around why each is there .
Its a cool but challenging mix of two secretaries , two accountants , and one tax lawyer .
So I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 1:14:59 PM
» Crash Course in Learning
Theory from elearnspace
Crash Course in Learning Theory - this is an accessible exploration of learning .
Creating Passionate Users does a nice job incorporating images in explaining ideas and concepts .
A great example of images and emotion to assist in learning .
The article ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 2:47:44 PM
» Curse You Kathy Sierra ! from Development Budoka
As some of you know , I 'm writing a book on software design .
I 've already rewritten the first chapter three times and I 'm still not happy with it .
I 've written the next chapter once and while I am ( er , was ) happy with it I 'm questioning the whole aproa [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 5:04:18 PM
» Synthèse des théories d’apprentissage from Guitef
J’identifiais récemment , comme une des causes possibles de l’absence des enseignants de l’univers des blogues , leur insécurité au regard des fondements théoriques de l’apprentissage .
Or , voici que l’ineffable Kathy Sierra présente un billet dans lequel elle résume ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 10:23:52 PM
» Synthèse des théories d’apprentissage from Rochebelle
J’identifiais récemment , comme une des causes possibles de l’absence des enseignants de l’univers des blogues , leur insécurité au regard des fondements théoriques de l’apprentissage .
Or , voici que l’ineffable Kathy Sierra présente un billet dans lequel elle résume ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 4 , 2006 10:29:16 PM
» links for 2006 -01-05 from LifeBox
Creating Passionate Users : Crash course in learning theory ( tags : learning theory lifehacks psychology ) Cellar Door Software - Slickr ( tags : flickr screensaver ) Ji Lee Pleaseenjoy
Nine circles numbers ( tags : circles numbers calendar design art ) ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 5 , 2006 1:18:59 AM
» Head - First Learning Principle from blog.cotasson.info
it is the first time I really " get it " , without getting bored or lost :
This is normally quite a " conceptual " topic .
This book belongs to the Head First Series .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 5 , 2006 6:07:20 AM
» Daily Update -- January 5 , 2006 from XplanaZine
Here 's our take on news that matters for Thursday , January 5 .
Today 's theme is innovation and here are a some links to headlines about technology that is changing the way we live and learn .
Gaming -- According [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 5 , 2006 9:41:52 AM
» Crash course in learning theory from i- node one
Excerpt : Creating Passionate Users : Crash course in learning theory
So , as promised in an earlier post , heres a crash course on some of our favorite learning techniques gleaned from cognitive science , learning theory , neuroscience , psychology , ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 5 , 2006 4:19:01 PM
» Instructional Design reminders from Caddickisms
I think its official : Im addicted to Kathy Sierras blog .
Yesterday she made a great ( if a tad long ) summary of some pretty basic points she made earlier in the year that apply to learning .
Heres a bulleted list of her mai ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 5 , 2006 10:07:59 PM
» Creating Passionate Users : Crash course in learning theory from pondering
Creating Passionate Users : Crash course in learning theory :
If you guys ( educators , parents , biz folks ) are checking out the Creating Passionate Users blog , you are missing out .
It 's quickly becoming a favorite and frequent destination for me and for [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 6 , 2006 9:45:50 AM
» Kathy Sierra continues to share from Johnnie Moore's Weblog
Kathy Sierra continues to share her first rate insights with her crash course in learning theory .
Most of the principles she applies to learning ... Learners are not " empty vessels " waiting to be filled with content pushed into it by an expert , ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 8 , 2006 1:11:09 AM
» This is a learning blog from Anecdote
Kathy Sierra over at Creating Passionate Users ( one of my favourite blogs ) has a learning blog : A blog that shares what you know , to help others .
Evenor especiallyif that means giving away your secrets .
H... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 8 , 2006 10:42:34 PM
» Curso de choque en teoría del aprendizaje .
from Alvaro Gregori , e-learning , formación on - line
Vía Creating Passionate Users .
Kathy Sierra deslumbra otra vez con su estilo iconoclasta .
Un curso acelerado imprescindible para sumergirse en el desarrollo de cursos y materiales formativos .
También en modalidad de e-Learning .
Como siempre mi tra ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 9 , 2006 3:45:28 AM
» A Blog About Learning from Dorai's Techlog
A Crash Course on Learning is an engaging blog post .
As I kept reading it , I kept nodding and saying to myself that is cool .
I need to integrate it into my teaching and writing .
The blog is about Creating Passionate Users .
A great resourc ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 9 , 2006 7:19:03 AM
» Learning Theory from [ chrisbrogan.com ]
Ken Burgin 's site pointed me towards a neat article on a Crash Course in Learning Theory .
trackback [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 12 , 2006 9:18:54 PM
» Learning Theory from [ chrisbrogan.com ]
Ken Burgin 's site pointed me towards a neat article on a Crash Course in Learning Theory .
There 's also a follow - up entry with a useful PDF file .
Here 's that entry .
trackback [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 12 , 2006 9:25:51 PM
» Creating Passionate Users from ZML Blog
Richtlinien für Didaktik - Interessant und lustig geschrieben , sinnvoll bei eModerator Kurse weiterzugeben .
Ein Beispiel was man mit Blogs ( text und bilder ) alles machen kann .
http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/2006/01/crash_course_in.h [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 16 , 2006 1:52:50 AM
» OpenOffice Training from OpenOffice.org Training , Tips , and Ideas
I worked at Sun Educational Services for a few years , and one ongoing debate was what the training books should be like .
Should they offer extensive information , or a set of exercises and a skeleton for the instructor to work [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 16 , 2006 6:02:49 AM
» Learning Theory from Practical Theory
Someone pointed me to Creating Passionate Users , and all I can say is -- Wow .
If you are n't reading it , blogroll it now .
And there is something interesting ( have n't we been saying that a lot lately ) that one of the most interesting " education " blogs I' [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 16 , 2006 10:06:33 AM
» Learning Theory from Practical Theory
Someone pointed me to Creating Passionate Users , and all I can say is -- Wow .
If you are n't reading it , blogroll it now .
And there is something interesting ( have n't we been saying that a lot lately ) that one of the most interesting " education " blogs I' [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 16 , 2006 10:07:33 AM
» Crash course in learning theory from JOGU - CMS - Content Management & E- Learning @ Uni Mainz
Die Bezeichnung Crash course ist in diesem Fall absolut treffend .
Dennoch bietet dieser kurze Beitrag von Kathy Sierra mehr als so manches Buch zum Thema .
Das Beste daran ist , dass auf jegliche Art von Fachjargon verzichtet wird .
Fazit : P... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 17 , 2006 3:23:48 AM
» Principes dapprentissages efficaces selon Kathy Sierra from Biotope - Blog de Geoffroi Garon
Le billet de Kathy Sierra intitulé Crash course in learning theory [ en ] propose une réflexion sur les éléments qui permettent un meilleur transfère des connaissances et un apprentissage efficace .
François Gui ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 17 , 2006 6:02:47 AM
» Crash course in learning theory from Sture Student
This is a nice read .
I like that it's " conversational " , not just telling YOU to be .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 17 , 2006 8:55:02 AM
» Snart : Emerging Technologies i San Diego from mymarkup.net
Jag är registrerad på konferensen , och nu är flygresa bokad - Stockholm - Newark - Los Angeles - San Diego med Continental Airlines ( någon som har ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 25 , 2006 9:50:43 AM
» Crash Course in learning theory from joshteeters.org
Theres a huge entry at Creating Passionate Users , covering favorite learning techniques gleaned from cognitive science , learning theory , neuroscience , psychology , and entertainment ( including game design ) .
Ive not read it al ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 3 , 2006 8:24:27 AM
» Learning Techniques from Cognitive Science from mrbelshaw.co.uk/teaching
Over at the Creating Passionate Users blog there 's a great ( lengthy ! ) post about ' learning techniques gleaned from cognitive science ' .
When I started reading it I thought it was going to be a re-hash of things I 'd heard before , but it actually gives so ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 5 , 2006 8:44:55 AM
» .doc - Reference Material from Kalunite.net
If you consider contributing to the .doc project , I command you to immediately read this wonderful blog post by Kathy Sierra .
There are several reasons why you must read it :
The .doc project was inspired by the spirit and ideal conveyed by the article ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 9:44:44 PM
» Snart : Emerging Technologies i San Diego from mymarkup.net
Jag är registrerad på konferensen , och nu är flygresa bokad - Stockholm - Newark - Los Angeles - San Diego med Continental Airlines ( någon som har ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 15 , 2006 9:42:57 AM
» How not to cut yourself from Lou Franco : Living On the Bleeding Edge
Yesterday , I started looking at WPF , WinFX , XAML , etc . I started with Chris Sells and Ian Griffiths : ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 4 , 2006 10:18:35 AM
» Crash Course in Learning Theory from Teaching and Developing Online .
One formula ( of many ) for a successful blog is to create a " learning blog " .
A blog that shares what you know , to help others .
Even -- or especially -- if that means giving away your " secrets " .
Teaching people to do what you do is ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 25 , 2006 11:20:21 AM
» Crash course in Learning
Theory from live and let learn
Kathy Sierra has posted yet another pearler I always come away thinking theres 10 things I want to focus on this year !
The post is Crash course in Learning Theory , and summerises a lot of stuff from the Creating Passi ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 15 , 2006 10:04:03 PM
Comments
The most compelling and motivating reason / benefit is almost always the thing you say only after you 've answered at least three " Yeah , but WHY do I care ? " questions .
BAM !
I instantly remembered a college - level database course I took last year .
The first day of class was exceedingly boring .
The instructor went over getting SQL server to run , some basic syntax and finally got us working with a small database .
It was n't until five minutes before class ended that she said something like ,
Now this is a small database .
But imagine if you had 1,000 records , or 100,000 records !
You could save yourself hours upon hours of tedious and error prone work !
NOW YOU TELL ME ! :)
I had a sneaking suspicion the entire class that she was going about presenting the material the wrong way .
I had like two years worth of SQL experience coming into the class , but there were some beginners in there , and I could tell they were asking themselves , " Why the hell did I sign up for this ? "
Awesome post Kathy .
I 'll be reading this several more times , as well as printing it out for my employer .
Posted by : Rabbit | Jan 4 , 2006 1:41:33 AM
Kathy : " Ome formula ( of many ) " , Ome ? unless you mean something like Ohm or the Indian " Om Shanti " .
I 'm a king at typos so do n't take it too seriously ;-)
Rabbit : I have attended several SQL Server courses and I 've had instructors asking me if I * really * needed that course ( After I told them that I was / have been an Oracle DBA ) .
Blogs on other hand will not only teach but will take over all forms of business life .
Blogs will evolve into THE medium of telling facts .
There 's awful lot of precious information available on blogs .
Opinions which will change the face of our IT and all other aspects of our lives .
Posted by : Tarry Singh | Jan 4 , 2006 3:14:48 AM
Wonderful stuff .
Thanks .
Posted by : L. | Jan 4 , 2006 6:26:40 AM
This is perfect timing -- I was actually pondering making a request to you for * exactly * this kind of overview .
Thanks ( and do n't stop ! )
Posted by : Brett Porter | Jan 4 , 2006 8:18:54 AM
Why do many teachers claim that they learned way more teaching than they did as students ?
Many people would answer that teachers spend more time with the material .
This is true , but it does n't explain " why " .
In reality , the teacher has had to recall the information way more than the student .
Recall is a muscle , the more it is exercised , the stronger it gets .
Supplementing everything Kathy has said with random recall points will make the learning experience that much more efficient .
Some ideas :
- Quizzes
Short quizzes that force the student to recall older material .
If you can interlace different " aged " material in the quizzes , that makes it even better .
One example would be a quiz with questions on one thing 5 minutes old , one thing 15 minutes old , and one thing 30 minutes old .
The answers should be given out at the end for confirmation and the learners informed of this ahead of time .
- Reverse roles
Let the student be the teacher for some things .
Whether its as simple as letting a student answer another student 's question on a previously covered topic or letting ( making ? ) the student come up and present on a topic with Q&A afterwards .
- Share the learning
Let the students get together in small groups and share what they 've learned .
This one can be sort of magical because the student will not only try and recall the information but will recall the learning experience as well .
" I really like the way she related pointers to the postal address system . "
This is why I think seminars are awesome for learning .
People sit through various seminars and in the breaks and pauses they will talk about it with the other attendees .
Bizang !
-------------------------------------------------
Could you please put some kind of divider between comments ?
Its hard to tell where one comment ends and the next one starts .
Posted by : Bob B | Jan 4 , 2006 8:26:46 AM
Very nice and useful post Kathy .
Thanks
Posted by : Jan Korbel | Jan 4 , 2006 8:46:37 AM
Great Stuff !
Where do you get all the photos for you graphic elements ?
I love the faces .
Posted by : Matthew | Jan 4 , 2006 9:31:11 AM
I was wondering the same thing Matthew was .
And while I really do want to keep reading your teachings I must confess that I have often thought it would be way cool to invite you over for coffee ( seeing as I also live in Boulder . )
Posted by : Rachel Rosencrantz | Jan 4 , 2006 10:08:37 AM
Two things worried me :
1 - Why the repetition of this ' kick ass ' phrase ?
It does n't trigger a pleasant image , and the last thing I 'd want to do is encourage trainees to go round kicking each other , or anything else .
Without getting too PC , can't you find a less loaded phrase ?
2 - Reading through I kept asking myself , " Yes , but how do we know that ? " .
There must be research on learning and teaching methods ( what are all these University schools of education doing ? ) .
Why not link to some academic quantitative research to back up your assertions ( it would make them more believable ) .
Not that I doubt them , but they would be reinforced with some backup .
3 - ( ok , three things worried me ..)
We are still getting arguments and changes in policy ( in the UK ) at the simplest level of learning i.e.
HOW TO LEARN TO READ .
If we do n't really know that , how can we know how best to teach people to do more difficult things ?
Intuition is no help ( as in the reading case ) .
W .
Posted by : Wally | Jan 4 , 2006 11:26:28 AM
WTF !!!
Posted by : john | Jan 4 , 2006 12:10:36 PM
Oustanding as ever !
Posted by : john | Jan 4 , 2006 12:24:46 PM
I love the picture of the WTF girl .
I know that look .
I 've * seen * that look !
Not being from the UK , I can't help with a substitute for the " kick ass " phrase .
In the US it 's perfectly acceptable .
( Ok , maybe not at my grandmother 's house ;)
Wally , to your second point - Kathy has included links in the past , but I 'm guessing that due to the length of this post the links were left out this time .
But Kathy did say ...
" ... I do have references , so leave a comment if there 's something in particular you want . "
Posted by : Bill | Jan 4 , 2006 12:54:33 PM
BOB : This is outstanding advice !
Reverse - roles and share the learning -- something every classroom experience could use more of , but even in an online forum , this is useful .
Bert is always encouraging beginners on the javaranch discussion boards to take a chance * answering * questions for the reasons you give , and the act of having to explain something makes it much more memorable ( and smokes out problems in thinking about it that you did n't know you had ) .
Of course , you have to make the people who are doing this recognize that it's part of the learning experience and NOT something they 're supposed to be perfect ( or even at this point GOOD at ) .
Thanks !
MATTHEW / RACHEL : most of the photos ( except for the 50's pics ) are from one of two stock art collections , Hemerra and my FAVORITE -- iStockPhoto.com .
The 50's pictures are from a Getty / Photodisc collection that periodically becomes available but is often temporarily retired .
Rachel , I 'm always up for coffee ! -
Send me an email : )
WALLY : I can always count on you to recognize when I 'm being especially lazy .
Bill 's right , most of the references are buried in other posts , but I should have put the main ones in ... so here they are :
The 80/20 references ( 80 % of what I talk about is covered by these 20 % of the total references I have ) :
* Cognitive Scientist , early AI guru Roger Schank http://www.edge.org/3rd_culture/schank/schank_index.html
* Designing World Class E-Learning ( by Roger Schank )
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0071377727/qid=1136405253/sr=2-2/ref=pd_bbs_b_2_2/103-8742158-3923804?s=books&v=glance&n=283155
* E-Learning and the Science of Instruction ( by Ruth Colvin Clark , Richard Mayer )
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0787960519/ref=pd_bxgy_text_b/103-8742158-3923804?%5Fencoding=UTF8
( The book summarizes much of the research that 's spread out elsewhere )
* The Media Equation ( Clifford Nass , Byron Reeves )
http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=236605
( OK , yes , these ARE the guys who gave us Microsoft Bob -- but that does n't mean they do n't have some of the best research out there about human / computer interaction ; )
* Flow ( by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi )
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0060920432/103-8742158-3923804?v=glance&n=283155
* The art of human - computer interface design ( edited by Brenda Laurel )
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0201517973/ref=pd_sim_b_3/103-8742158-3923804?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v=glance&n=283155
( Check out her book -- " Computers as Theatre " , too )
* Mind Hacks
http://www.mindhacks.com/
( You can get to the book from their blog )
And while I 'm here , another great reference for all this is the Cognitive Daily blog :
http://cognitivedaily.com/?p=139
=====================
I 'm not thrilled with the " kick - ass " phrase , or for that matter " I Rule ! " ( which I also use a lot , because of their zero - sumness if you take them literally -- which we do n't .
But they 're the best I can think of for describing that " YES ! " feeling you get when your code compiles after intense debugging , or you sink the 3 - point basket , or make it down a mogul field in one go , or ... but Wally 's right that it does rather imply that if you " kick - ass " , then someone else is getting their ass kicked .
But here in the US , we do n't necessarily mean it that way .
The only other one I have used is " rock " , but somehow it does n't sound right to say , " You want to help your users rock . "
The rest are unwieldy ...
" You want to help your users learn and grown and spend more time in flow " is what we 're talking about , but it 's too tedious to keep saying that , and does n't fit on a graphic well ; )
I 'm very open to suggestions and I 'm going to keep in mind that not everyone interprets this the way I do .
Cheers .
JOHN : you made my day with WTF !
RABBIT : Recognizing what is and is n't working is the first step , knowing WHY is even better .
Of course my daughter Skyler has the annoying habbit of pointing out to a few of her teachers all the ways in which their classes do not support learning .
But her history and math teachers in 11th grade were awesome -- and had students acting out important aspects of the topics , trading roles or playing characters , anthropomorphizing , creating videos , all kinds of interesting and interactive activities that made the topics come to life .
And these were big 'ol public school classrooms , too .
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Jan 4 , 2006 1:33:33 PM
Thanks for the post Kathy .
Nicely summed up .
There is stuff out there to back up these points .
I was glad to see the " why should I care " section .
How important to remember to ask that question before we try to teach anything to any group .
Put it in the big picture .
Concerning the comment :
" Why not link to some academic quantitative research to back up your assertions ( it would make them more believable ) . "
Wally , I keep asking myself if that is what makes things believable .
We have so much quantitative research .
It is coming out of our ears and our kids are still not reading any better .
Making a big deal out of learning to read and quantifying it misses the point of reading .
Why spend years doing in school what a kid can pick up in a few hours ?
I come from the academic education setting , and maybe because of that I am so skeptical of what mass schooling is capable of .
At home I have a " kick ass " nine year old reader who reads way beyond her level , and a five year old just beginning to discover the joy of being able to read on his own .
He runs with his book and reads to me in the kitchen , on the couch , and even in the bathroom .
Our house is full of books .
I will never know what would have happened if I had left the job entirely to school .
We have been reading to them since they could sit and hold their heads up .
Maybe the problem is leaving the reading to be taught in school .
We break it into measurable discreet units for the comfort of teachers , for school board accountability records , and for bar charts at the Ministry of Education .
We teach those discreet units instead of what fires up kids imaginations and gets them emotionally involved .
We write boring books with measured words so we can neatly stack them in reading levels which will allow us to do some " credible ' quantitative research .
While we are limiting the variables and setting ourselves up to be able to conduct better quantitative research , we are impoverishing the child 's experience and undermining their intellect .
Unfortunately that does n't do much for the kids .
They love complexity and grasping big ideas .
We must be kidding if we think we can dissect the bunny and in the process find out what it would have been like to have it as a pet .
Then there are the attitudes to reading .
We went to the Nutcracker this Christmas for the first time .
I could not help but notice that in the scene with the opening of the presents , Fritz ( Marie 's brother ) got a book .
He walked to the front of the stage , threw the book on the floor and stomped on it .
I am running into such attitudes to books that are written with the purpose of hooking children on reading .
So yes , we know good teaching when we see it , but then we try to analyze it and quantify it and we make it worse .
It is important to approach some things with a sense that we do not have to understand them entirely , even though it may be a worthy exercise trying to .
What do you think ?
Posted by : Daniela | Jan 4 , 2006 2:38:01 PM
Excellent Kathy .
I 'm now convinced you used to work for Toyota ( or someone else that applied the lessons of W Edwards Deming ) :
" The most compelling and motivating reason / benefit is almost always the thing you say only after you 've answered at least three " Yeah , but WHY do I care ? " questions . "
This is their " 5 Why ? " technique in a parallel universe to you ... where they get down to root issues by the time someone 's answered the fifth " why ? " question
As to " kicks ass " ... this limey reckons it's the " Wow " factor .
A couple of times i've sold books on Amazon and - though serendipity - discovered the buyers lived within 20 mins of me .
The comments you get back when they receive the book though their door inside 30 mins of order transmit that " wow " factor .
People value speed - especially when they are surprised by it .
But now back to apply the learnings :-)
Ian W .
Simplicity Sells !
Posted by : Ian Waring | Jan 4 , 2006 3:23:31 PM
Wally ,
I think that a lot of the problem with learning to read may really be lack of interest .
Many of the pointers in the above list could help .
I am reminded of the story of Lazerus and Hurricane Carter - in the book Lazerus has n't learned how to read - in part because of the absolute stress of his home life and his inability to focus in class .
However he starts making progress when he is moved to a less stressful environment , his self - confidence is boosted , and he gets a book that interests him .
Emotional response and interest took him from stumbling over syllables to reading to writing letters , to starting a whole chain of actions that changed other peoples lives .
I suspect that the reading is n't happening because it is n't interesting and it is n't aimed at the children themselves .
I do n't know how it is in the UK but in the US there is a lot of " teaching to the test " .
You really want to teach to the student and the test will take care of itself .
Why was it working before ?
Perhaps parents were more involved , reading was more essential and / or the books used were more topical to the students .
Posted by : Rachel Rosencrantz | Jan 4 , 2006 10:02:14 PM
Regarding the issues of literacy , this is a piece that I wrote some time ago - concerning the re-shaping of the American Education system - based on the work of John Taylor Gatto .
Some of his findings make for alarming reading .
http://www.blather.net/shitegeist/2005/06/welcome_to_the.htm
Posted by : damien | Jan 5 , 2006 3:33:34 AM
I raised the issue of ' learning to read ' because it seems to bring out the cognitive / pattern recognition dichotomy in training quite nicely .
And ( it spite of what Daniela seemed to be saying ) once we in the UK started to measure progress ( against the opposition of teaching uninons as I recall ) it was clear that many children were NOT learning to read , and were functionally illiterate still at age 11 , when moving from primary to secondary education .
Our first reaction was to define a period during each day for teachers to engage with the children specifically in reading practice .
Most technique was left to the teachers .
Progress was made , but now although there are fewer children unable to read well at age 11 , there are still too many .
We need another push .
All this focus on the problem brought out that reading was not natural like walking , it needed method and practice and teaching .
Dyslexia added another dimension to this ; it recently came out from research that it is n't a condition people are stuck with at all , just a general problem for slow readers .
I feel sorry for policy makers and legislators when our education research is so poor that such important questions are still controversial .
We know so little about how the brain works and develops that the kind of methods used based purely on anecdotes about what worked for some in the past are not likely to be useful when applied across classes and social groups and ages and ranges of intelligence .
W .
Posted by : Wally | Jan 5 , 2006 5:32:09 AM
This is terrific information - however to print the material out takes 42 pages .
Can you provide a print version without the frames ?
Posted by : Karryne | Jan 5 , 2006 7:01:27 AM
I agree with Karryne - This is great info .
Can you please provide a print version .
Posted by : Phil | Jan 5 , 2006 7:05:42 AM
Last Christmas , my son had a " Nutcracker " - reaction to receiving books and I told him exactly what I thought of that .
He loves books , he just did n't want one of his gifts " wasted " on getting them .
This year , every gift he opened was greeted with " Awesome ! " ... including the package of books .
He even made remarks like " I love this one ...
We have this one at school ... etc. "
So he either learned the proper way to accept a gift , adjusted his attitude toward books , or I just picked better books to give him this year ! :)
Either way , I think that even if the schools were doing a superior job at teaching and practicing reading skills , it 's like Daniela says : it has to be encouraged at home as well .
UK 's second push , then , should be to encourage parents to read to their children .
junior
Posted by : junior | Jan 5 , 2006 8:38:58 AM
Hi Kathy ,
This one is in the same category as Strunk and White 's " Elements of Style " and Steve Krug's " Do n't Make Me Think " - read regularly and keep working towards the standards you 've all set .
Thanks !
Posted by : Cathy | Jan 5 , 2006 11:19:21 AM
Thanks , i love your blog and this was one of the best and inspiring posts i read here so far !
Posted by : jay | Jan 5 , 2006 2:01:12 PM
Wow .
Oh ... hold on ...
My printer just ran out of paper .
Posted by : olivier blanchard | Jan 5 , 2006 8:24:15 PM
Great Post !
It 's a keeper !
Posted by : Aaron | Jan 5 , 2006 11:25:36 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Washington , DC — Despite promising a prompt review of its approval for a book claiming the Grand Canyon was created by Noah ’s flood rather than by geologic forces , more than three years later no review has ever been done and the book remains on sale at the park , according to documents released today by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) .
“ In order to avoid offending religious fundamentalists , our National Park Service is under orders to suspend its belief in geology , ” stated PEER Executive Director Jeff Ruch .
“ It is disconcerting that the official position of a national park as to the geologic age of the Grand Canyon is ‘ no comment . ’ ”
In a letter released today , PEER urged the new Director of the National Park Service ( NPS ) , Mary Bomar , to end the stalling tactics , remove the book from sale at the park and allow park interpretive rangers to honestly answer questions from the public about the geologic age of the Grand Canyon .
PEER is also asking Director Bomar to approve a pamphlet , suppressed since 2002 by Bush appointees , providing guidance for rangers and other interpretive staff in making distinctions between science and religion when speaking to park visitors about geologic issues .
In August 2003 , Park Superintendent Joe Alston attempted to block the sale at park bookstores of Grand Canyon : A Different View by Tom Vail , a book claiming the Canyon developed on a biblical rather than an evolutionary time scale .
NPS Headquarters , however , intervened and overruled Alston .
To quiet the resulting furor , NPS Chief of Communications David Barna told reporters and members of Congress that there would be a high - level policy review of the issue .
According to a recent NPS response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by PEER , no such review was ever requested , let alone conducted or completed .
Park officials have defended the decision to approve the sale of Grand Canyon : A Different View , claiming that park bookstores are like libraries , where the broadest range of views are displayed .
In fact , however , both law and park policies make it clear that the park bookstores are more like schoolrooms rather than libraries .
As such , materials are only to reflect the highest quality science and are supposed to closely support approved interpretive themes .
Moreover , unlike a library the approval process is very selective .
Records released to PEER show that during 2003 , Grand Canyon officials rejected 22 books and other products for bookstore placement while approving only one new sale item — the creationist book .
Ironically , in 2005 , two years after the Grand Canyon creationist controversy erupted , NPS approved a new directive on “ Interpretation and Education ( Director ’s Order # 6 ) which reinforces the posture that materials on the “ history of the Earth must be based on the best scientific evidence available , as found in scholarly sources that have stood the test of scientific peer review and criticism [ and ]
Interpretive and educational programs must refrain from appearing to endorse religious beliefs explaining natural processes . ”
“ As one park geologist said , this is equivalent of Yellowstone National Park selling a book entitled Geysers of Old Faithful : Nostrils of Satan , ” Ruch added , pointing to the fact that previous NPS leadership ignored strong protests from both its own scientists and leading geological societies against the agency approval of the creationist book .
“ We sincerely hope that the new Director of the Park Service now has the autonomy to do her job . ”
###
Read the PEER letter to NPS Director Bomar
View the NPS admission that no policy review on the creationist book has occurred
See the 2005 NPS Director ’s Order # 6 on Interpretation
8.4.2 Historical and Scientific Research .
Superintendents , historians , scientists , and interpretive staff are responsible for ensuring that park interpretive and educational programs and media are accurate and reflect current scholarship …
Questions often arise round the presentation of geological , biological , and evolutionary processes .
The interpretive and educational treatment used to explain the natural processes and history of the Earth must be based on the best scientific evidence available , as found in scholarly sources that have stood the test of scientific peer review and criticism .
The facts , theories , and interpretations to be used will reflect the thinking of the scientific community in such fields as biology , geology , physics , astronomy , chemistry , and paleontology .
Interpretive and educational programs must refrain from appearing to endorse religious beliefs explaining natural processes .
Programs , however , may acknowledge or explain other explanations of natural processes and events .
( Emphasis added )
Trace how the creationist book controversy started and grew
Look at tax dollars used to support the Bush administration program of “ Faith - Based Parks ”
by Stewart Rutledge
Your stuff breaks , wears out , loses pieces , or just disappoints you quite often .
What do you do with the pair of glasses you sat on or the electric toothbrush that died a month after its warranty 's up ?
Most likely you throw it away .
Advertisement
Now , you could lie to warranty departments about the way your stuff was damaged .
( " Did I drop my phone ?
Of course not !
Craziest thing ... I opened it and the screen just started dripping water . " ) .
But , barring that method , there is a completely honest way to still get something for your damaged stuff : send it back .
Rather than just sending your broken stuff to a landfill , pack it up and ship it back to the manufacturer with a letter asking for a new one .
You will be amazed by the results .
There are no guarantees with this method , but you definitely wo n't get a replacement if you throw the product away .
This method gets rid of the product just as much as throwing it away does , but it gives a human being at a real company a chance to demonstrate just how much they stand behind their products .
You'd be surprised how many will .
A squeaky wheel gets oiled .
It works , and the trick is all in the letter .
Advertisement
Tailor your letter to the specific company and situation and give them a reason to help you out .
If you want a great primer in persuasive writing , check out Dale Carnegie 's famous How to Win Friends and Influence People .
Despite its now cheesy title , this book has it right .
Write your letter with the company and a human being in mind .
In the end , pure , unadulterated honesty with companies can have a huge effect .
Oftentimes , all you 've got to do is ask .
Say you 've got a broken product that 's out of warranty that just flat out should not have broken .
A great example was a $ 90 invisible fence collar that both of my dogs wear .
These collars are ridiculously expensive for what they are ( about the size of George Costanza 's wallet ) , but , without one , my dog will probably be chewing on the tires of the nearest moving vehicle .
So I bought two collars with the system initially , wincing at the total price , but very happy with the performance .
Eight months down the road , collar one goes out ( six month warranty period ) .
I buy a new one because I 'm willing to pay $ 90 for my dog 's safety .
Three months later , collar two goes out .
Now this is getting old , but I buy yet another collar .
But , this time I do n't just throw away the broken collar .
I take all that frustration with these expensive , apparently disposable collars and put it in a letter .
I take thirty seconds to look up the address of the company on the internet , and I send the collar and the letter back to the company ... total cost : $ 2 .
In the letter , I told the company that if they did n't want to do anything about their poor products to just throw the collar away for me .
I do n't want it back .
Advertisement
One week later I get a response from the company apologizing for the inconvenience .
Enclosed I find a brand new collar , not just like the one I sent in , but an upgraded model which has worked fine ever since .
Rather than just throwing the collar away , I spent ten minutes writing a letter and $ 2 on shipping .
Result : free , upgraded product with the added benefit that I 've vented my frustration and been productive in the meantime .
This is one of the easiest situations I 've faced , but I 've had success with this method even when I was completely at fault .
I had a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses , and I sat on a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses .
Thus , I now had a pair of broken Ray Ban sunglasses .
A friend of mine broke his glasses at the same time , so I asked him if I could have them .
In about ten minutes , I wrote Ray Ban a letter and said little more than , " Ray Ban is great .
I love your glasses .
I sat on these , and I have no excuse .
But , will you please do me a favor and replace these at no cost in return for my loyalty ? "
Two weeks later two brand new pairs of Ray Ban sunglasses arrived in my mailbox with a letter thanking me for my loyalty .
Awesome .
Advertisement
Success with this method is not limited to just these two companies .
Here 's a short list of just a few things that I have sent back and what I 've gotten in return :
Two pair of sat - on Ray Bans sent back ... two brand new pair returned at no cost
One Cole Haan shoe ( I lost the other ) sent back ... a letter offering me another pair of Cole Haan 's at half price in return
One pair of broken Smith sunglasses ( I dropped them ) sent back ... a brand new pair of Smith sunglasses returned at no cost with a thank you note included
Two out - of - warranty dog collars sent back ... two brand new , upgraded collars returned at no cost
Advertisement
In addition to sending back products , with a single letter ( nothing enclosed ) , I have received : a $ 150 credit for American Airlines , a $ 200 refund on a Lufthansa rebooking fee , a free vacuum cleaner , all sorts of upgraded shipping , a free spindle of DVD - rewritables , and $ 650 from a construction company when a rock cracked my windshield .
Remember , these are n't legal battles .
I got all of these with a short , single letter .
Thirty nine cents and ten minutes of my time .
It 's wonderful .
No tricks , no dishonesty , all I did was tell these companies how I felt , and they responded kindly in kind .
Now , I have less broken stuff and lots of replaced and free stuff .
Advertisement
It really is that simple , and , no , it wo n't always work .
But , the saved money and , more importantly , personal satisfaction from just one good success makes it all worth while .
After a good bit of experience using this method , here 's a summary of how I handle my broken , damaged , or lost stuff :
Is it under warranty ?
If so , follow the manufacturer 's warranty protocol .
If not , go on to # 2 .
Is it worth ten minutes of my time ?
If not , throw it away .
If yes , go on to # 3 .
Write an honest letter to the company .
Vent your frustration if appropriate or simply admit fault , but ask for a replacement at no cost .
But , seriously , be honest , even if the damage is all your fault .
Companies ( and people ) are generally so surprised at a plainly stated admission of fault that they will try to help you out of they can .
Pack it up and send it off .
Get on the internet and look up the most important address you can find for the manufacturer .
Avoid sending it back to the warranty houses .
If you can get the CEO 's address , send it directly to him .
The higher the better .
And , if you can't find such an address , add two minutes to your time and email someone for a good address .
Let it go .
It might work ; it might not .
But , you 've given it your best and now you can quit worrying about it .
If your experience is anything like mine , you 'll be getting all sorts of offers and goods in return .
Advertisement
Who knows what you could get ?
At the very least you can get rid of some stuff and give capitalism a shot , and you can get a pretty good education on the true nature of some major companies .
It makes for a good story either way , and , as some very clich man once said , " The only way to ensure failure is to fail to try . "
If you 've got any experiences or thoughts on this completely non-failsafe method , let us hear about them below in the comments section .
Advertisement
Stewart Rutledge is in his final year of law school at the University of Mississippi .
He 's taken classes in intellectual property , cyberlaw , and international intellectual property .
More of Stewart 's articles are available in the Ask the Law Geek archive .
GREAT POWERS cease to be great for many reasons .
In addition to the causes frequently debated -- economics , culture , disease , geography -- there is an overarching trend .
Over the last 500 years , the fate of nations has been increasingly tied to their success , or lack thereof , in harnessing revolutions in military affairs .
These are periods of momentous change when new technologies combine with new doctrines and new forms of organization to transform not only the face of battle but also the nature of the state and of the international system .
Because we are in the middle of the fourth major revolution since 1500 -- the Information Revolution -- it is important to grasp the nature and consequences of these upheavals .
Until the 15th century , the mightiest military forces belonged to the Mongols .
But strong as they were in the days of bows and arrows , the Mongols could not keep pace with the spread of gunpowder weapons and the rise of centralized governments that used them .
They fell behind , and Europe surged to the forefront .
In 1450 , Europeans controlled just 15 % of the world ’s surface .
By 1914 -- following not only the Gunpowder Revolution but also the first Industrial Revolution -- their domain had swollen to an astounding 84 % of the globe .
Not all European states were equal , of course .
Some early leaders in gunpowder technology -- for instance , Spain and Portugal -- were also - rans when industrialization began in the 18th century .
At least Spain and Portugal managed to maintain their independence .
Numerous others -- from Poland to the Italian city - states -- were not so lucky .
They endured prolonged occupation by foreigners more skilled than they were at new forms of warfare .
Advertisement
The big winners of the Gunpowder Revolution ( from roughly 1500 to 1700 ) were the northern European states , from Britain to Russia .
But the Romanovs , Habsburgs and Ottomans did not survive the cataclysmic conflict of the first Industrial Age -- World War I -- and their empires collapsed , even as Germany and Japan were catapulting themselves into the upper rank of nation - states largely through their growing military expertise .
World War II -- the major conflict of the second Industrial Revolution , defined by the internal combustion engine , airplane and radio -- further shook up the international balance of power .
The conventional assumption is that the outcome of World War II was virtually foreordained : The Allies won because they were bigger and richer than the Axis .
There is some truth to this .
But by 1942 , Germany , Italy and Japan controlled most of the natural resources of East Asia and Europe .
This would have allowed them to match the Allies if they had been more adept at marshaling their military and economic power .
The Soviet Union and the United States -- the biggest beneficiaries of the second Industrial Revolution -- did a better job not just in managing wartime production .
They also grabbed the lead in the use of such key weapons as the tank ( the Soviet Union ) and the long - range bomber and aircraft carrier ( the U.S. ) .
There are many reasons why once - dominant powers such as France and Britain had become second - tier ones by 1945 , but central among them was their failure to exploit advances in weaponry during the inter - war years .
The Information Revolution of the late 20th century upset the seemingly stable postwar order .
The Soviet Union had no Silicon Valley and could not compete with the United States in incorporating the computer into its economic or military spheres .
U.S. prowess at waging war in the Information Age was showcased in the 1991 Persian Gulf War , which , along with the collapse of the Soviet empire , left the United States standing alone as a global hegemon .
But if history teaches any lesson , it is that no military lead is ever safe .
Challengers will always find a way to copy or buy the best weapons systems or develop tactics that will offset their effect .
Our most formidable enemies , Al Qaeda and its ilk , have done both .
They are using relatively simple information technology -- the Internet , satellite television , cellphones -- to organize a global insurgency .
By using such weapons as hijacked airliners and bombs detonated by garage - door openers , they are finding cracks in our defenses .
Advertisement
We have an insurmountable advantage in high - end military hardware .
No other state is building nuclear - powered aircraft carriers , stealth fighters or unmanned aerial vehicles .
In fact , we spend more on the development and testing of new weapons -- $ 71 billion this year -- than any other country spends on its entire defense .
But all that spending produces weapons systems that are n’t much good for pacifying Baghdad or Kandahar .
Technology is n’t irrelevant to the global war on terror .
We can use powerful surveillance systems to break up terrorist plots .
And “ smart bombs ” can be invaluable for dealing with the perpetrators .
But our enemies can stymie multibillion - dollar spy platforms by using couriers instead of satellite phones , which helps explain why Osama bin Laden remains on the loose .
New revolutions in military affairs , possibly centered on biotechnology and cyber -war , promise to give smaller states or sub -state actors more destructive capacity .
Imagine the havoc that could be caused by a genetically engineered contagion combining the worst properties of , say , smallpox and the Ebola virus .
Or imagine how much damage our enemies could inflict by using computer viruses -- or directed - energy weapons -- to immobilize critical bits of our civilian or military computer networks .
In theory , it ’s possible to crash stock markets , send airliners plowing into the ground and blind our most advanced weapons systems .
The most threatening weapon of all harks back to an earlier military revolution .
Nuclear bombs have n’t been used since 1945 , but given their proliferation around the world , it will only be a matter of time .
Our scientific sophistication gives us a reasonable chance of shooting down a nuclear - tipped missile , but a nuclear suitcase smuggled into the U.S. would be much harder to detect .
Advertisement
To stop such stealthy threats , we need to get much better at human intelligence , counterinsurgency , information operations and related disciplines .
We need more speakers of Arabic and Pashto , more experts who understand tribal relations in Iraq ’s Anbar province and Pakistan ’s Northwest Frontier province , more diplomats who can win over audiences on Al Jazeera .
And we need to set them loose without having to worry about a burdensome bureaucracy micromanaging their every move .
It may sound melodramatic , but the future of U.S. power rests on our ability to remake a government still structured for Industrial Age warfare to do battle with decentralized adversaries in the Information Age .
After all , are n’t we the mightiest , richest nation in history ?
How could our hegemony possibly be endangered ?
That ’s what previous superpowers thought too .
But their dominance lasted only until they missed a revolutionary turn in military technology and tactics .
2012年01月11 日 07:43 更新
授業の課 題
１年生向けの授業の情報処理Iで , Web 検索の練習の課題に 「 日本のCGプロダクションを３つ探せ」というのを出してみました.
目立った解答をひろってみると , こういう具合になりました .
これらが（彼らの探し方で）検索によく引っかかったということですが , これらより数は少ないものの ,
なども挙っていました .
この他には次のようなものがありました（全部ではありません）.
CG プログラマの居場 所
授業とは全く関係ないのですが , このリストを見ているうちに , 私はふ と 「 CG プログラマ」の居場所って今の日本にどれだけあるんだろうかと考え込んでしまいました.
もちろん製造業やゲームソフトメーカーなど , CG プログラマの技術が活かせるところはムービー制作以外にもたくさんあります .
でも上のリストの中で自社で技術開発やソフトウェア開発を行っているところは , ( CG プロダクションというよりソフトウェアハウスの ) ネメシスさんくらいしか無いようです .
こういった CG ムービー制作の現場では , もう CG プログラマは必要とされていないのでしょうか .
MEL プログラマくらいは需要があるみたいですが…
昔話
日本の商業 CG の黎明期には , JCGL をはじめトーヨーリンクス , SEDIC といった CG プロダクションがありました .
他に CG 専業ではありませんが , 白組 , アニメーションスタッフルーム , そして少し遅れてオムニバスジャパンなども
CG の制作を始めていました（20 年も前の記憶で書いているので , 間違っていたら教えてください） .
しかし , 当時は Maya のような完成したパッケージソフトはほとんどありませんでしたから , どこも CG ムービーの制作と同時に多少なりとも技術開発やソフトウェア開発を行う必要がありました.
中にはトーヨーリンクスのように , LINKS - 1 という ( 大阪大学由来の ) CG 専用コンピュータの開発も行っているところもありました
( ネメシスさんはトーヨーリンクスのスタッフの方が設立された会社のようですね ) .
だから私には , CG の制作現場に CG プログラマがいるのは当然という認識がありました .
ところが , 安価で高性能なワークステーションやパソコンが登場し , その上で動くパッケージソフトが流通するようになると , JCGL やトーヨーリンクスなどの老舗は , 徐々に後発の CG プロダクションにコスト面で対抗するのが難しくなってきました.
そして気がついたときには , どこも同じようなパッケージソフトを使って
CG を作るようになっていました .
こうし て 「 CG プロダクションは技術開発をするもの 」という私の認識は , 時間の流れに押し流されてしまいました .
それでも CG WORLD に掲載されている優れた記事を読んでいると , この技術の発展に情熱を注いでいる方が未だ少なくないことに勇気付けられます.
しかしその一方 , 求人欄 で 「 Maya 使い 」 や「 3ds max 使い 」 しか求められていない状況を見て , 再び現実の厳しさを思い知らされてしまいます .
でもね , CG プロダクションが技術開発を行うことは , 本当に困難なのでしょうか .
確かに Maya のようなソフトウェアを自前で用意することは , コスト的に見合わないとは思います .
でも , どのプロダクションも同じことしかできないなら , どうやって他所と競争していくのでしょうか .
抱えているクリエータの才能でしょうか.
クリエータの才能って企業の「知的財産」にはなりにくいですよね.
企業側もクリエータを , その能力を買い取る形の「契約社員」の立場に据え置いていたりします.
そうすると , 後は結局コスト競争になってしまうのではないでしょうか.
そうしたら , もう先は見えてますよね .
仕事の発注先を , 何も日本国内の CG プロダクションに限る必要はないのですから .
日本の PIXAR はどこ ?
ここまで書いてもう一つ気づいたことがあります. 日本の CG プロダクションのうち , 自分で作品全体のプロデュースを行うところはどのくらいあるのでしょうか.
ジブリや I.G. などは , それらが CG 技術に積極的にコミットしているとしても , ここでい う 「 CG プロダクション 」 に分類されるものではないでしょう.
そうすると CG 制作を看板に掲げている日本の多くのプロダクションは , 結局どこかが発注した CG 制作の下請けに甘んじているところが多いような気がします.
まあ , 海外でも自分でフ ル CG ムービーをプロデュースできる PIXAR は稀な例なのかもしれませんが …
そういえば , かの LINKS - 1 の開発者である大村皓一先生が , ２年くらい前の講演の中で次のようなことをおっしゃっていました.
曰く 「 当時の日本の CG 関係者は , CG の制作だけがしたかったために , 作品全体の制作を手放してしまった」と. 確かに当時の CG プログラマは , アイデアが次々に新しい表現として具体化されていく快感に酔いしれて , それによっていかに人を楽しませるかという意識が希薄だったような気がします.
つい最近も , 高い技術を誇りながら興行的には失敗してしまった国産のフル
CG 映画がありましたが , 今でさえ日本の技術者的 CG 人には ( あえて CG プログラマとは言わない ) , 個別の技術や表現に眩惑されて作品全体を眺めるときに肝心なところに目が届かないという傾向があるような気がします.
当時の日本の CG 人にも , PIXAR を創業した Catmull 氏と同様 「 いつかはフル CG 映画を 」という思いがありました .
しかし , PIXAR が CG 制作を 「 請負仕事 」とすること拒みつづけ , PIXAR 自身を非常に優れたブランドとして確立することに成功したこと
( このあたりの話は大口孝之氏 が 1999 年 2 月〜 6 月に日経 CG に連載された記事に詳細にお書きになられています ) とは対照的に , 日本の多くの CG プロダクションが下請け仕事に甘んじ , その仕事すらも失いつつあるかもしれない現状には , やはり悔しさを感じずにはいられません .
Jobs はどこ ?
でもこれは , CG プロダクション側だけに責任があるとは思いません .
PIXAR ですら , ここまで来る道程は平坦ではありませんでした.
しかし , そこには Disney や Steve Jobs という存在がありました ( これも大口氏の記事参照 ) .
翻って日本の状況はどうだったんでしょう.
そこまでは私は知りません. でも , 当時の CG 雑誌 PIXEL ( 「 図形と画像 」改題 ) の記事の多くは , CG というより CAD / CAM 関連のものでした .
そしてそこから私は , 「 製造」こそ技術開発の努力を傾けるべき対象であるとして , エンターテインメントすなわち「遊び」の素材である
CG について真面目に議論することをはばかる雰囲気を ( わずかながら ) 感じていました .
結局 , 日本の CG に投資しようとは , 当時誰も思わなかったんでしょう .
日本に Steve Jobs は現れませんでした .
ハリウッドというバックグラウンドを持たない日本の映像業界では , きっとそれは正しい選択だったんだと思います. また PIXEL も日経 CG も休刊してしまいました .
あと少しがんばっていれば , 今の CG の大衆化の波に乗れたかもしれないのにと思います .
今 CG WORLD を読んでいると , 「 ああ , PIXEL 編集長だった河内隆幸氏は , 本当はこういう雑誌が作りたかったのかなぁ」なんて思ってしまいます.
自分につい て
なんだか偉そうなことを書いてしまいましたけど , 私自身はこの世界を横目で見ていた通りすがりの人間でしかありません.
実は当時 , これらのほかにもう一つ CG プロダクションがありました .
トーヨーリンクスの親会社だった東洋現像所 ( 現イマジカ ) は , トーヨーリンクスとは別 に 「 アクメシステム 」と呼ばれる CG 部門を持っていたのです .
トーヨーリンクスが並列コンピュータの LINKS - 1 を使ってレンダリングに ( 時間がかかるとされる ) レイトレーシングを使っていた ( SEDIC もスーパーコンピュータの Cray - 1 を使ってレイトレーシングしていたことがあった ) のに対し , アクメシステムで は VAX - 11 上で MOVIE .
BYU をベースとしたシステムを使い , スキャンライン法によってレンダリングしていました .
このメリットは，言うまでもなく「ターンアラウンドの短さ」にあったように思います．
そして私は大学からここに２ヶ月の実務訓練 ( 今で言うインターンシップ ) に行ってました .
実務訓練終了後も , 長期休暇にはここでアルバイトさせてもらっていました.
ここのデザイナの Gil さんという方が描いてくれたこの自画像が着ている上着は , 東洋現像所 ( Far East Laboratory ) のユニフォームです ( 肩口に " FEL " と書いてあります ) .
私の原点はここにあります. 今は OpenGL のページなんかも書いてますけど , 頭の中はいまだにスキャンライン法なんです .
ここで私は尊敬する CG エンジニアや CG プログラマの方々に出会うことができました .
ナブラの小高氏 , ビノアズールの町田氏 , ネログラフィックスの塚田氏 , フジテレビの伊原氏など , 今でも第一線で活躍されておられます .
私は彼らを師として仰いでいました.
その意味でここは , 私にとってもう一つ の 「 学校 」だったのかもしれません.
そういえば CG - ARTS 協会の JCGL 出身のスタッフも , 「JCGL は解散しちゃったけど , 今思えば , あそこは学校だった」とおっしゃっていました.
前出の大口氏も JCGL 出身ですね .
さいごに
ジブリや I.G. などが国際的に高い評価を得るに至った今 , 今更日本の CG プロダクションがあえて PIXAR を目指す理由や動機はもう無いのかもしれません .
そして , それらのほとんどが外国製の CG ソフトで制作している状況では , もう私のような CG プログラマが入り込む余地は無いんでしょう .
しかし , あの頃には確かに PIXAR のようになろうとしていた CG プロダクションが , いくつも存在していました .
そして , そこから巣立った人の多くが今も日本の
CG を支えているとすれば , やはり今の日本に も PIXAR や PDI ( DreamWorks SKG ) のように積極的に技術開発を行う CG プロダクションが成長できる環境が必要なのではないでしょうか .
小高さんのナブラや町田さんのビノアズール , そして安生さんのいるオー・エル・エム デジタルのようなところが , 今後も発展していくことを期待しています.
chapter one Apple Confidential : The Real Story of Apple Computer , Inc. APPLE CONFIDENTIAL
The Real Story of Apple Computer , Inc .
By Owen W. Linzmayer
No Starch Press The
Forgotten Founder
Thanks to a never - ending campaign by Apple 's powerful public relations machine to protect the myths surrounding the company 's origin , almost everyone believes that Apple was started in a garage by " the two Steves , " Stephen Gary Wozniak , 25 , and Steven Paul Jobs , 21 .
Actually , the operation began in a bedroom at 11161 Crist Drive in Los Altos ( the house number changed to 2066 when the land was annexed from the county to the city in late 1983 ) , where Jobs - - after having dropped out of Reed College in Portland , Oregon - - was living with his adoptive parents , Paul R. ( a machinist at Spectra Physics ) and Clara ( a payroll clerk at Varian ) .
That mere semantic distinction can be forgiven .
When the bedroom became too crowded , the operation did indeed move to the garage .
The bigger story here is that the two Steves were n't alone in forming Apple .
Just as Soviet propagandists doctored photos to remove party members who had fallen out of favor , Apple suffers from a convenient case of institutional amnesia by routinely ignoring the fact that when Apple was originally founded as a partnership on April Fools '
Day 1976 , there were three founders :
Woz , Jobs , and a fellow by the name of Ronald Gerald Wayne , 41 .
Jobs was freelancing at Atari in the early 1970s when founder Nolan Kay Bushnell hired Wayne as chief draftsman ( badge # 395 ) for the video game maker .
Despite the difference in their ages , Jobs and Wayne became casual friends and would often have philosophical discussions on the ethics of making money .
Desiring a tie - breaker in any potential conflicts with Woz , Jobs enticed Wayne to become a partner in Apple by offering him 10 percent interest in the company .
" Either I was going to be bankrupt or the richest man in the cemetery , " Wayne recalls thinking .
Since Apple was far from a sure thing , Wayne retained his day job at Atari and worked nights on the original Apple logo and documentation for the Apple I. Meanwhile , Jobs was hustling up customers .
At a Homebrew Computer Club meeting ( the club met monthly at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center auditorium in Palo Alto ) , Jobs gave a demonstration of the Apple I to Paul Jay Terrell , who operated the Byte Shop - - arguably the first retail computer store chain in the country , which opened its doors on December 8 , 1975 ( Terrell 's birthday ) .
Terrell was intrigued and asked Jobs to keep in touch .
The next day , a barefooted Jobs dropped in on Terrell at his store in Mountain View and exclaimed , " I 'm keeping in touch . "
To Jobs ' utter amazement , Terrell agreed to buy 50 computers for $ 500 each , cash on delivery .
There was only one catch to the $ 25,000 order : Terrell wanted fully assembled computers .
The trio had originally planned to produce bare circuit boards for $ 25 each and sell them for $ 50 to hobbyists who would populate them with the necessary chips and other parts .
They did n't have the money necessary to buy all of the parts required to build 50 complete computers , but Jobs was undaunted .
On April 6 , he obtained a three - month $ 5,000 loan from Elmer and Allen J. Baum ( one of Woz 's coworkers at Hewlett - Packard ) , then convinced suppliers to extend 30 days ' credit on $ 15,000 worth of parts .
The young , ambitious Jobs had no qualms about going into debt to fulfill the Byte Shop order , but the seasoned Wayne was anxious .
He was n't convinced Terrell would pay for the computers , and the partnership agreement meant that he had unlimited personal liability for any debts incurred by Apple .
Just four years prior , Wayne underwent the emotionally painful experience of folding Siand , his own Las Vegas - based engineering firm .
Wayne did n't want to risk another financial failure , so on April 12 - - less than two weeks after Apple 's founding -- he renounced his 10 percent interest for a one - time payment of $ 800 .
" I had already learned what gave me indigestion , " explained Wayne years later .
" If Apple had failed , I would have had bruises on top of bruises .
Steve Jobs was an absolute whirlwind and I had lost the energy you need to ride whirlwinds . "
Freed from the financial liabilities of the partnership agreement , Wayne spent his free time consulting on projects such as designing an enclosure for the Apple I . Meanwhile , Woz and Jobs got part - time assembly help from Bill Fernandez , who had originally introduced Jobs to Woz in 1968 , as well as from Daniel G. Kottke , who had met Jobs at Reed College and had made a spiritual journey to India with him in 1974 .
Everyone worked furiously to build the computers by hand .
Terrell was a bit dismayed when Jobs showed up on the 29th day to deliver a batch of motherboards stuffed with components .
When Terrell asked for " fully assembled " computers , he meant the whole works : a case , power supply , monitor , and keyboard .
Nonetheless , Terrell kept his word and handed over the cash , allowing Apple to pay off its parts suppliers in the nick of time .
Jobs was excited .
Apple had made roughly $ 8,000 profit , and he was planning to expand the business by going farther into debt with parts suppliers to build even more computers .
Jobs ' ambitious plans required more money than the Apple I orders were generating , so in August 1976 , he approached his old Atari boss , Nolan Bushnell , who recommended he meet with Don Valentine of the venture capital firm Sequoia Capital .
At the time , Valentine was n't interested , but he in turn referred Jobs to Armas Clifford " Mike " Markkula Jr. , 34 , who had retired a year prior after making a small fortune on his stock options at chipmakers Fairchild Semiconductor and Intel .
In November 1976 , Markkula came out of retirement to help Jobs devise a business plan .
With the Apple I computer boards being sold through just ten retail stores in the U.S. , Markkula boldly set a goal for sales to grow to $ 500 million in ten years .
Recognizing a chance to hitch a ride on a rocket that was about to take off , Markkula invested $ 92,000 of his own money and secured a $ 250,000 line of credit at Bank of America .
Now properly funded , the three of them filed for incorporation of Apple Computer on January 3 , 1977 .
To avoid any possible legal complications , in March the corporation purchased the partnership for $ 5,308.96 and Wayne was sent a check for a third of that amount to make certain he would have no future claim against the company .
Wayne , who had walked away voluntarily for $ 800 less than a year ago , was thrilled to receive this unexpected windfall .
Reflecting on the situation , Woz understands Wayne 's decision to bail out early .
" Steve had no money .
I had no money , and the creditors were going to wind up coming to him for the money that was going to be owed .
So he decided it was better to get out of it .
At the time it was the right decision . "
To someone who was there to witness the events firsthand , it may have made sense , but in retrospect , it 's hard for an outsider to see Wayne 's decision as anything but a mistake of colossal proportions .
Granted ,
Wayne would surely have had to give up some of his interest in Apple as the firm grew .
If Jobs ' initial 45 percent stake in Apple translated into 7.5 million shares when the company went public in 1980 , it 's reasonable to assume that Wayne 's 10 percent would have equalled more than 1.6 million shares .
Following a two - for - one stock split on May 15 , 1987 , such a holding would have been worth approximately $ 244 million ( not including dividends ) when the stock peaked at $ 73.25 on April 12 , 1991 , and would still be worth over $ 42.5 million at $ 12.75 per share , the lowest price since then .
Does
Wayne ever regret relinquishing his supporting role in one of the greatest American business success stories ever told ?
Amazingly enough , 20 years later
Wayne convincingly stated , " I have never had the slightest pangs of regret , because I made the best decision with the information available to me at the time .
My contribution was not so great that I felt I had been diddled with in any way . "
A person of lesser character might be paralyzed with bitterness and self - doubt after walking away from such fame and fortune , but not Ron Wayne .
He put it behind him and got on with his life .
Although Jobs tried over the years to convince Ron to return to Apple as an employee , Wayne continued working at Atari until 1978 , at which point he took a job at Lawrence Livermore Labs .
In 1980 , Wayne opened a small store on Dempsey Street in Milpitas .
Dealing in stamps , coins , and other collectibles , Wayne 's Philatelics became so successful in just two months that he quit his job at Lawrence Livermore Labs .
Following the collapse of the stamp market and two break - ins , Wayne closed the store in 1982 but continued operating the business out of his home .
After a brief stint working on documentation and drafting for Scientific Technology Systems , in 1985 Wayne took a job working on slot machines at Thor Electronics of California .
The Salinas - based manufacturer has since shifted its focus from slot machines to military electronics , and Ron Wayne continues to work for Thor as chief engineer from his home in Tucson , Arizona .
The Apple Logo
One of Ron Wayne 's first duties after co-founding Apple was to design a logo for the infant company .
The logo he created was a pen-and - ink drawing of Sir Isaac Newton leaning against an apple tree with a portion of a William Wordsworth poem ( Prelude , Book III , Residence of Cambridge ) running around the border : " Newton ... A mind forever voyaging through strange seas of thought ... alone . "
Wayne 's logo was used for a short time , but Jobs eventually came to feel that it was too cerebral and not easily reproduced at small sizes , so in April 1977 , he instructed Rob Janov , an art director at the Regis McKenna public relations agency , to come up with a better logo .
Janov started with a black and white silhouette of an apple , but felt something was missing .
" I wanted to simplify the shape of an apple , and by taking a bite - - a byte , right ?-- out of the side , it prevented the apple from looking like a cherry tomato , " explains Janov .
For a touch of class , Janov added six colorful horizontal stripes that paid tribute to the Apple II 's impressive color capabilities .
Although separating the green , yellow , orange , red , purple , and blue bars with thin black lines would have reduced registration problems during reproduction , Jobs nixed the proposal , resulting in the Apple logo as we know it today , which former president Michael M. Scott calls " the most expensive bloody logo ever designed . "
Copyright © 1999 Owen W. Linzmayer .
All rights reserved .
ISBN : 1-886411-28-X
CONTENTS
The Forgotten Founder ................................................1 What Were They Thinking ?............................................. 9 Broken Breakout Promises ............................................ 17 The Apple III Fiasco ................................................ 21 Code Names Uncovered ................................................ 25 Millionaire Mania ................................................... 37 The Strangest Bedfellow of All ...................................... 45 From Xerox , With Love ............................................... 51 The Making of Macintosh ............................................. 63 Macintosh Insiders .................................................. 81 The Greatest Commercial That Almost Never Aired ..................... 87 The Mac Meets the Press ............................................. 93 Mac Models Timeline ................................................. 99 Why 1985 Was n't Like 1984 .......................................... 105 Big Bad Blunders ................................................... 109 The Remarkable Rise and Fabulous Fall of John Sculley .............. 121 Windows : What Went Wrong ?.......................................... 133 The Fallen Apple ................................................... 143 Jobs After Apple : To NeXT and Beyond ............................... 167 The Star Trek Saga ................................................. 179 From Diesel to Doctor .............................................. 183 The Clone Quandary ................................................. 193 Trademark Tiffs .................................................... 207 The Doctor 's Strong Medicine ....................................... 215 The Copland Crisis ................................................. 225 Happily Ever Apple ?................................................ 237 Bibliography ....................................................... 245 Index .............................................................. 247
This past Saturday , a friend and I hit the Wired NextFest down at Chicago 's Navy Pier .
The event promised visitors that they could " experience the future , " and as a tech writer I could n't pass that opportunity up .
I kind of wish I had , though , because after spending a few hours at the NextFest I 'm sad to report that the future ain't what it used to be .
Maybe I was expecting to relive my first visit to Epcot Center as a child , or maybe I 'm just jaded in my old age .
Whatever the cause , my trip to the future was more educational than inspirational .
Here are ten things I learned about the future at the Wired NextFest , in no particular order .
1 . The people of the future are a scantily clad people .
They delight in showing off their naked , tattooed flesh .
Or , maybe that 's just the people of Chicago 's Navy Pier in the summer .
2 . In the future , the airport security checkpoint will look and function exactly the same way as does now , except that the scanning technology that powers it will be different .
For instance , at the GE - manufactured checkpoint that I saw , the machine supposedly sniffs you for bomb residue .
Interestingly enough , there was a long line of people waiting to go through that checkpoint and be checked for bomb residue , which is something that just baffled me .
I mean , do n't people dread going through the checkpoint at airport security ?
Why voluntarily stand in line in order to pass through an airport security scanner if you do n't have to ?
It 's not like the machine did anything other than flash a little green light saying you were free of bomb residue .
Truly , the long line of people who just could n't wait to go through that security checkpoint was probably the most bizarre thing that I saw at the entire NextFest .
I wonder if it was a kind of programmed reaction like , " oh look , a security checkpoint .
I 'd better get in that line and go through it .
Everybody else is . "
If that 's the way we 've all been conditioned , then I fear for the future of the Republic .
3 . The elderly Japanese people of the future will be so desperately lonely for companionship that they 'll purchase slightly creepy android replicas of the drug - addled but brilliant sci-fi author Phillip K. Dick .
Why the Japanese , and why Phillip K. Dick ?
It 's a long story , and I 'm not sure I fully understood it all when the android 's makers explained it to me .
I think I probably read the wrong books growing up as a kid , or maybe I now watch the wrong TV shows .
I tried to convince the PKD android guys that if they were going to be in the business of making robotic replicas of famous , drugged - out writers , they should also consider offering a Hunter S. Thompson model .
That way , at least the Japanese would have a choice of companions .
I know if I were Japanese , I 'd collect both models and watch them fight over a half gram of mescaline .
On a more serious note , I think the PKD robot would 've been a lot cooler and significantly less creepy if they'd have glued his hair on , instead of leaving the wires in the top of his head exposed .
But hey , PKD was an odd guy , and maybe he would 've wanted it that way .
4 . Speaking of the elderly , the senior citizens of the future wo n't roll around in wheelchairs not even cool robotic wheelchairs like those invented by Dean Kamen .
Instead , they 'll have robotic exoskeletons that will make them much stronger and faster than the non-elderly .
So in addition to being the largest voting block in future elections , they 'll also have superhuman strength and speed .
If I were a politician , I 'd make sure that the elderly of the future get great healthcare coverage , and I would n't even think about doing anything to reduce their social security benefits .
You do not want to incur the wrath of our robotically enhanced , geriatric overlords ( or their Phillip K. Dick android companions ) .
5 . In the future , most robots will look pretty much like the robots of the future have looked since at least the 1970's .
About the only difference is that any antennae attached to a 1970 's future robot were spiral shaped and had a tiny ball on the tip .
The current thinking is that future robots will have straight antennae with no ball , and maybe a plastic coating instead of just bare wire .
6 . Apple 's market share does n't change much in the future .
Out of all the computers I saw at the NextFest , only one was a Mac. Sorry Steve , but the people of the future are still using Windows .
At least you can gloat that they 're all still running Windows 2000 .
From what I saw , Windows XP never really catches on in the future , and Longhorn is nowhere to be seen at all .
I did see a flying car though , and maybe it was running the embedded version of Longhorn .
7 . On the weekends , the people of the future will take to the water in dolphin - shaped craft that do n't look nearly as much fun to drive as a Seadoo of today .
Hey , the future is n't always better than the present .
Sometimes we have to settle for less .
The good news is that the robotic dolphin is too small to accommodate a human who 's equipped with an exoskeleton , which means that if you 're being pursued by a senior citizen then you can use the dolphin to escape .
8. Dolphin watercraft are n't the only form of future transportation that 's a bit cramped .
The electrically powered cars of the future will be quite small .
In fact , when I first laid eyes on the tiny DaimlerChrysler two - seaters that GE was exhibiting , I asked the exhibitor if the cars were perhaps meant to be attached to the sides of a larger SUV , in case you run out of gas .
9 . Future entertainment will follow the trends that were established with the rise of disco .
First , they replaced the live band with a DJ .
Next , they 'll replace the DJ with a large , floor - mounted robotic arm .
Also , the robo - DJs will have numbers instead of names ; I asked the exhibitor lady about this .
Honestly , it 's not even as cool as it sounds .
It 's also not one of those " you had to be there " things , because I was there and , meh .
Vinyl aficionados can rejoice , though , because vinyl records are still around .
10 .
In a future 9/11 - style scenario , where the top of a high - rise building is on fire , a Moller Aircar will rescue the building 's inhabitants one at a time .
At least , that 's how it will be if Moller 's combination CGI and live action promotional video is to be believed .
I guess future high - rises will house only a handful of highly productive office workers , because you can't save that many people in a two - seater aircar .
Or , it may be the case that in the video I saw , only the CEO was saved .
The rest of the employees were either burned alive or , more likely , were safe at their desks in Bangladesh .
What to speak when talks about the benefits of healthy eating and exercise have been pounced about as the advantage is above all boundaries ...
The Early History of Smalltalk
Alan C. Kay
Apple Computer
kay2@apple.com .
Internet #
Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is
granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for
direct commercial advantage , the ACM copyright notice and the
title of the publication and its date appear , and notice is given
that copying is by permission of the Association for Computing
Machinery .
To copy otherwise , or to republish , requires a fee
and / or specific permission .
HOPL -II/4/93 /MA , USA
© 1993 ACM 0-89791-571-2/93/0004/0069…$1.50
Abstract
Most ideas come from previous ideas .
The sixties , particularly in the ARPA community , gave rise to a host of notions about “ human - computer symbiosis ” through interactive time - shared computers , graphics screens and pointing devices .
Advanced computer languages were invented to simulate complex systems such as oil refineries and semi-intelligent behavior .
The soon - to - follow paradigm shift of modern personal computing , overlapping window interfaces , and object - oriented design came from seeing the work of the sixties as something more than a “ better old thing . ”
This is , more than a better way : to do mainframe computing ; for end -users to invoke functionality ; to make data structures more abstract .
Instead the promise of exponential growth in computing / $/ volume demanded that the sixties be regarded as “ almost a new thing ” and to find out what the actual “ new things ” might be .
For example , one would computer with a handheld “ Dynabook ” in a way that would not be possible on a shared mainframe ; millions of potential users meant that the user interface would have to become a learning environment along the lines of Montessori and Bruner ; and needs for large scope , reduction in complexity , and end - user literacy would require that data and control structures be done away with in favor of a more biological scheme of protected universal cells interacting only through messages that could mimic any desired behavior .
Early Smalltalk was the first complete realization of these new points of view as parented by its many predecessors in hardware , language and user interface design .
It became the exemplar of the new computing , in part , because we were actually trying for a qualitative shift in belief structures–a new Kuhnian paradigm in the same spirit as the invention of the printing press - and thus took highly extreme positions which almost forced these new styles to be invented .
Table of Contents
Introduction 2 I. 1960 - 66 –Early OOP and other formative ideas of the sixties
B220 File System
SketchPad & Simula 4 II .
1967 -69 –The FLEX Machine , an OOP - based personal computer
Doug Englebart and NLS
Plasma Panel , GRAIL , LOGO , Dynabook 6 III .
1970 - 72 –Xerox PARC
KiddiKomp
miniCOM
Smalltalk -71
Overlapping Windows
Font Editing , Painting , Animation , Music
Byte Codes
Iconic Programming 12 IV .
1972-76 –Xerox PARC : The first real Smalltalk ( - 72 )
The two bets : birth of Smalltalk and Interim Dynabook
Smalltalk - 72 Principles
The Smalltalk User Interface
Development of the Smalltalk Applications & System
Evolution of Smalltalk : ST - 74 , ooze storage management
Smalltalk and Children 17 V. 1976 - 80 –
The first modern Smalltalk ( - 76 )
“ Let ’s burn our disk packs ”
The Notetaker
Smalltalk -76
Inheritance
More Troubles With Xerox
ThingLab
Apple Demo 29 VI .
1980 - 83 –The release version of Smalltalk ( - 80 )
Transformations
Coda 38 References Cited in Text 41 Appendix I : KiddieKomp Memo 45 Appendix II : Smalltalk - 72 Interpreter Design 47 Appendix III : Acknowledgments 50 Appendix IV : Event Driven Loop Example 53 Appendix V : Smalltalk - 76 Internal Structures 54
Introduction
I ’m writing this introduction in an airplane at 35,000 feet .
On my lap is a five pound notebook computer –1992 ’s “ Interim Dynabook ” –by the end of the year it sold for under $ 700 .
It has a flat , crisp , high - resolution bitmap screen , overlapping windows , icons , a pointing device , considerable storage and computing capacity , and its best software is object - oriented .
It has advanced networking built - in and there are already options for wireless networking .
Smalltalk runs on this system , and is one of the main systems I use for my current work with children .
In some ways this is more than a Dynaboo ( quantitatively ) , and some ways not quite there yet ( qualitatively ) .
All in all , pretty much what was in mind during the late sixties .
Smalltalk was part of this larger pursuit of ARPA , and later of Xerox PARC , that I called personal computing .
There were so many people involved in each stage from the research communities that the accurate allocation of credit for ideas in intractably difficult .
Instead , as Bob Barton liked to quote Goethe , we should “ share in the excitement of discover without vain attempts to claim priority . ”
I will try to show where most of the influences came from and how they were transformed in the magnetic field formed by the new personal computing metaphor .
It was the attitudes as well as the great ideas of the pioneers that helped Smalltalk get invented .
Many of the people I admired most at this time–such as Ivan Sutherland , Marvin Minsky , Seymour Papert , Gordon Moore , Bob Barton , Dave Evans , Butler Lampson , Jerome Bruner , and others–seemed to have a splendid sense that their creations , though wonderful by relative standards , were not near to the absolute thresholds that had to be crossed .
Small minds try to form religions , the great ones just want better routes up the mountain .
Where Newton said he saw further by standing on the shoulders of giants , computer scientists all too often stand on each other ’s toes .
Myopia is still a problem where there are giants ’ shoulders to stand on –“ outsight ” is better than insight–but it can be minimized by using glasses whose lenses are highly sensitive to esthetics and criticism .
Programming languages can be categorized in a number of ways : imperative , applicative , logic - based , problem - oriented , etc .
But they all seem to be either an “ agglutination of features ” or a “ crystallization of style . ”
COBOL , PL/1 , Ada , etc. , belong to the first kind ; LISP , APL– and Smalltalk–are the second kind .
It is probably not an accident that the agglutinative languages all seem to have been instigated by committees , and the crystallization languages by a single person .
Smalltalk ’s design–and existence –is due to the insight that everything we can describe can be represented by the recursive composition of a single kind of behavioral building block that hides its combination of state and process inside itself and can be dealt with only through the exchange of messages .
Philosophically , Smalltalk ’s objects have much in common with the monads of Leibniz and the notions of 20th century physics and biology .
Its way of making objects is quite Platonic in that some of them act as idealisations of concepts –Ideas–from which manifestations can be created .
That the Ideas are themselves manifestations ( of the Idea - Idea ) and that the Idea - Idea is a - kind - of Manifestation - Idea–which is a - kind - of itself , so that the system is completely self - describing – would have been appreciated by Plato as an extremely practical joke [ Plato ] .
In computer terms , Smalltalk is a recursion on the notion of computer itself .
Instead of dividing “ computer stuff ” into things each less strong than the whole –like data structures , procedures , and functions which are the usual paraphernalia of programming languages–each Smalltalk object is a recursion on the entire possibilities of the computer .
Thus its semantics are a bit like having thousands and thousands of computer all hooked together by a very fast network .
Questions of concrete representation can thus be postponed almost indefinitely because we are mainly concerned that the computers behave appropriately , and are interested in particular strategies only if the results are off or come back too slowly .
Though it has noble ancestors indeed , Smalltalk ’s contribution is anew design paradigm –which I called object - oriented –for attacking large problems of the professional programmer , and making small ones possible for the novice user .
Object - oriented design is a successful attempt to qualitatively improve the efficiency of modeling the ever more complex dynamic systems and user relationships made possible by the silicon explosion .
“ We would know what they thought
when the did it . ”
– Richard Hamming “ Memory and imagination are but two
words for the same thing . ”
– Thomas Hobbes
In this history I will try to be true to Hamming ’s request as moderated by Hobbes ’ observation .
I have had difficulty in previous attempts to write about Smalltalk because my emotional involvement has always been centered on personal computing as an amplifier for human reach–rather than programming system design–and we have n’t got there yet .
Though I was the instigator and original designer of Smalltalk , it has always belonged more to the people who make it work and got it out the door , especially Dan Ingalls and Adele Goldberg .
Each of the LRGers contributed in deep and remarkable ways to the project , and I wish there was enough space to do them all justice .
But I think all of us would agree that for most of the development of Smalltalk , Dan was the central figure .
Programming is at heart a practical art in which real things are built , and a real implementation thus has to exist .
In fact many if not most languages are in use today not because they have any real merits but because of their existence on one or more machines , their ability to be bootstrapped , etc .
But Dan was far more than a great implementer , he also became more and more of the designer , not just of the language but also of the user interface as Smalltalk moved into the practical world .
Here , I will try to center focus on the events leading up to Smalltalk - 72 and its transition to its modern form as Smalltalk - 76 .
Most of the ideas occurred here , and many of the earliest stages of OOP are poorly documented in references almost impossible to find .
This history is too long , but I was amazed at how many people and systems that had an influence appear only as shadows or not at all .
I am sorry not to be able to say more about Bob Balzer , Bob Barton , Danny Bobrow , Steve Carr , Wes Clark , Barbara Deutsch , Peter Deutsch , Bill Duvall , Bob Flegal , Laura Gould , Bruce Horn , Butler Lampson , Dave Liddle , William Newman , Bill Paxton , Trygve Reenskaug , Dave Robson , Doug Ross , Paul Rovner , Bob Sproull , Dan Swinehart , Bert Sutherland , Bob Taylor , Warren Teitelman , Bonnie Tennenbaum , Chuck Thacker , and John Warnock .
Worse , I have omitted to mention many systems whose design I detested , but that generated considerable useful ideas and attitudes in reaction .
In other words , histories ” should not be believed very seriously but considered as “ FEEBLE GESTURES PFF ” done long after the actors have departed the stage .
Thanks to the numerous reviewers for enduring the many drafts they had to comment on .
Special thanks to Mike Mahoney for helping so gently that I heeded his suggestions and so well that they greatly improved this essay–and to Jean Sammet , an old old friend , who quite literally frightened me into finishing it –I did not want to find out what would happen if I were late .
Sherri McLoughlin and Kim Rose were of great help in getting all the materials together .
I. 1960 - 66 –Early OOP and other formative ideas of the sixties
Though OOP came from many motivations , two were central .
The large scale one was to find a better module scheme for complex systems involving hiding of details , and the small scale one was to find a more flexible version of assignment , and then to try to eliminate it altogether .
As with most new ideas , it originally happened in isolated fits and starts .
New ideas go through stages of acceptance , both from within and without .
From within , the sequence moves from “ barely seeing ” a pattern several times , then noting it but not perceiving its “ cosmic ” significance , then using it operationally in several areas , then comes a “ grand rotation ” in which the pattern becomes the center of a new way of thinking , and finally , it turns into the same kind of inflexible religion that it originally broke away from .
From without , as Schopenhauer noted , the new idea is first denounced as the work of the insane , in a few years it is considered obvious and mundane , and finally the original denouncers will claim to have invented it .
True to the stages , I “ barely saw ” the idea several times ca. 1961 while a programmer in the Air Force .
The first was on the Burroughs 220 in the form of a style for transporting files from one Air Training Command installation to another .
There were no standard operating systems or file formats back then , so some ( t this day unknown ) designer decided to finesse the problem by taking each file and dividing it into three parts .
The third part was all of the actual data records of arbitrary size and format .
The second part contained the B220 procedures that knew how to get at records and fields to copy and update the third part .
And the first part was an array or relative pointers into entry points of the procedures in the second part ( the initial pointers were in a standard order representing standard meanings ) .
Needless to say , this was a great idea , and was used in many subsequent systems until the enforced use of COBOL drove it out of existence .
The second barely - seeing of the idea came just a little later when ATC decided to replace the 220 with a B5000 .
I did n’t have the perspective to really appreciate it at the time , but I did take note of its segmented storage system , its efficiency of HLL compilation and byte - coded execution , its automatic mechanisms for subroutine calling and multiprocess switching , its pure code for sharing , its protected mechanisms , etc .
And , I saw that the access to its Program Reference Table corresponded to the 220 file system scheme of providing a procedural interface to a module .
However , my big hit from this machine at this time was not the OOP idea , but some insights into HLL translation and evaluation .
[ Barton , 1961 ] [ Burroughs , 1961 ]
After the Air Force , I worked my way through the rest of college by programming mostly retrieval systems for large collections of weather data for the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
I got interested in simulation in general –particularly of one machine by another–but aside from doing a one - dimensional version of a bit - field block transfer ( bitblt ) on a CDC 6600 to simulate word sizes of various machines , most of my attention was distracted by school , or I should say the theatre at school .
While in Chippewa Falls helping to debug the 6600 , I read an article by Gordon Moore which predicted that integrated silicon on chips was going to exponentially improve in density and cost over many years [ Moore 65 ] .
At the time in 1965 , standing next to the room - sized freon - cooled 10 MIP 6600 , his astounding predictions had little projection into my horizons .
Sketchpad and Simula Through a series of flukes , I wound up in graduate school at the University of Utah in the Fall of 1966 , “ knowing nothing . ”
That is to say , I had never heard of ARPA or its projects , or that Utah ’s main goal in this community was to solve the “ hidden line ” problem in 3D graphics , until I actually walked into Dave Evans ’ office looking for a job and a desk .
On Dave ’s desk was a foot - high stack of brown covered documents , one of which he handed to me : “ Take this and read it . ”
Every newcomer got one .
The title was “ Sketchpad : A man- machine graphical communication system ” [ Sutherland , 1963 ] .
What it could do was quite remarkable , and completely foreign to any use of a computer I had ever encountered .
The three big ideas that were easiest to grapple with were : it was the invention of modern interactive computer graphics ; things were described by making a “ master drawing ” that could produce “ instance drawings ” ; control and dynamics were supplied by “ constraints , ” also in graphical form , that could be applied to the masters to shape an inter-related parts .
Its data structures were hard to understand –the only vaguely familiar construct was the embedding of pointers to procedures and using a process called reverse indexing to jump through them to routines , like the 22 - file system [ Ross , 1961 ] .
It was the first to have clipping and zooming windows–one “ sketched ” on a vitual sheet about 1/3 mile square !
Head whirling , I found my desk .
ON it was a pile of tapes and listings , and a note : “ This is the Algol for the 1108 .
It does n’t work .
Please make it work . ”
The latest graduate student gets the latest dirty task .
The documentation was incomprehensible .
Supposedly , this was the Case - Western Reserve 1107 Algol–but it had been doctored to make a language called Simula ; the documentation read like Norwegian transliterated into English , which in fact it was .
There were uses of words like activity and process that did n’t seem to coincide with normal English usage .
Finally , another graduate student and I unrolled the program listing 80 feet down the hall and crawled over it yelling discoveries to each other .
The weirdest part was the storage allocator , which did not obey a stack discipline as was usual for Algol .
A few days later , that provided the clue .
What Simula was allocating were structures very much like the instances of Sketchpad .
There wee descriptions that acted like masters and they could create instances , each of which was an independent entity .
What Sketchpad called masters and instances , Simula called activities and processes .
Moreover , Simula was a procedural language for controlling Sketchpad - like objects , thus having considerably more flexibility than constraints ( though at some cost in elegance ) [ Nygaard , 1966 , Nygaard , 1983 ] .
This was the big hit , and I ’ve not been the same since .
I think the reason the hit had such impact was that I had seen the idea enough times in enough different forms that the final recognition was in such general terms to have the quality of an epiphany .
My math major had centered on abstract algebras with their few operations generally applying to many structures .
My biology manor had focused on both cell metabolism and larger scale morphogenesis with its notions of simple mechanisms controlling complex processes and one kind of building block able to differentiate into all needed building blocks .
The 220 file system , the B5000 , Sketchpad , and finally Simula , all used the same idea for different purposes .
Bob Barton , the main designer of the B5000 and a professor at Utah had said in one of his talks a few days earlier :
“ The basic principal of recursive design is to make the parts have the same power as the whole . ”
For the first time I thought of the whole as the entire computer and wondered why anyone would want to divide it up into weaker things called data structures and procedures .
Why not divide it up into little computers , as time sharing was starting to ?
But not in dozens .
Why not thousands of them , each simulating a useful structure ?
I recalled the monads of Leibniz , the “ dividing nature at its joints ” discourse of Plato , and other attempts to parse complexity .
Of course , philosophy is about opinion and engineering is about deeds , with science the happy medium somewhere in between .
It is not too much of an exaggeration to say that most of my ideas from then on took their roots from Simula–but not as an attempt to improve it .
It was the promise of an entirely new way to structure computations that took my fancy .
As it turned out , it would take quite a few years to understand how to use the insights and to devise efficient mechanisms to execute them .
II .
1967 -69 –The FLEX Machine , a first attempt at an OOP - based personal computer
Dave Evans was not a great believer in graduate school as an institution .
As with many of the ARPA “ contracts ” he wanted his students to be doing “ real things ” ; they should move through graduate school as quickly as possible ; and their theses should advance the state of the art .
Dave would often get consulting jobs for his students , and in early 1967 , he introduced me to Ed Cheadle , a friendly hardware genius at a local aerospace company who was working on a “ little machine . ”
It was not the first personal computer –that was the LINC of Wes Clark–but Ed wanted it for noncomputer professionals , in particular , he wanted to program it in a higher level language , like BASIC .
I said ; “ What about JOSS ?
It ’s nicer . ”
He said : “ Sure , whatever you think , ” and that was the start of a very pleasant collaboration we called the FLEX machine .
As we jot deeper into the design , we realized that we wanted to dynamically simulate and extend , neither of which JOSS ( or any existing language that I knew of ) was particularly good at .
The machine was too small for Simula , so that was out .
The beauty of JOSS was the extreme attention of its design to the end - user–in this respect , it has not been surpassed [ Joss 1964 , Joss 1978 ] .
JOSS was too slow for serious computing ( but cf. Lampson 65 ) , did not have real procedures , variable scope , and so forth .
A language that looked a little like JOSS but had considerably more potential power was Wirth ’s EULER [ Wirth 1966 ] .
This was a generalization of Algol along lines first set forth by van Wijngaarden [ van Wijngaarden 1963 ] in which types were discarded , different features consolidated , procedures were made into first class objects , and so forth .
Actually kind of LISPlike , but without the deeper insights of LISP .
But EULER was enough of “ an almost new thing ” to suggest that the same techniques be applied to simply Simula .
The EULER compiler was a part of its formal definition and made a simple conversion into 85000 - like byte - codes .
This was appealing because it s suggested the Ed ’s little machine could run byte - codes emulated in the longish slow microcode that was then possible .
The EULER compiler however , was tortuously rendered in an “ extended precedence ” grammar that actually required concessions in the language syntax ( e.g. “ , ” could only be used in one role because the precedence scheme had no state space ) .
I initially adopted a bottom - up Floyd - Evans parser ( adapted from Jerry Feldman ’s original compiler - compiler [ Feldman 1977 ] ) and later went to various top - down schemes , several of them related to Shorre ’s META II [ Shorre 1963 ] that eventually put the translater in the name space of the language .
The semantics of what was now called the FLEX language needed to be influenced more by Simula than by Algol or EULER .
But it was not completely clear how .
Nor was it clear how the users should interact with the system .
Ed had a display ( for graphing , etc. ) even on his first machine , and the LINC had a “ glass teletype , ” but a Sketchpad - like system seemed far beyond the scope that we could accomplish with the maximum of 16 k 16 - bit words that our cost budget allowed .
Doug Engelbart and NLS
This was in early 1967 , and while we were pondering the FLEX machine , Utah was visited by Doug Engelbart .
A prophet of Biblical dimensions , he was very much one of the fathers of what on the FLEX machine I had started to call “ personal computing . ”
He actually traveled with his own 16 mm projector with a remote control for starting a and stopping it to show what was going on ( people were not used to seeing and following cursors back then ) .
His notion on the ARPA dream was that the destiny of Online Systems ( MLS ) was the “ augmentation of human intellect ” via an interactive vehicle navigating through “ thought vectors in concept space . ”
What his system could do then–even by today ’s standards –was incredible .
Not just hypertext , but graphics , multiple panes , efficient navigation and command input , interactive collaborative work , etc .
An entire conceptual world and world view [ Engelbart 68 ] .
The impact of this vision was to produce in the minds of those who were “ eager to be augmented ” a compelling metaphor of what interactive computing should be like , and I immediately adopted many of the ideas for the FLEX machine .
In the midst of the ARPA context of human - computer symbiosis and in the presence of Ed’s “ little machine ” , Gordon Moore ’s “ Law ” again came to mind , this time with great impact .
For the first time I made the leap of putting the room - sized interactive TX - 2 or even a 10 MIP 6600 on a desk .
I was almost frightened by the implications ; computing as we knew it could n’t survive – the actual meaning of the word changed –it must have been the same kind of disorientation people had after reading Copernicus and first looked up from a different Earth to a different Heaven .
Instead of at most a few thousand institutional mainframes in the world –even today in 1992 it is estimated that there are only 4000 IBM mainframes in the entire world–and at most a few thousand users trained for each application , there would be millions of personal machines and users , mostly outside of direct institutional control .
Where would the applications and training come from ?
Why should we expect an applications programmer to anticipate the specific needs of a particular one of the millions of potential users ?
An extensional system seemed to be called for in which the end - users would do most of the tailoring ( and even some of the direct constructions ) of their tools .
ARPA had already figured this out in the context of their early successes in time - sharing .
Their larger metaphor of human - computer symbiosis helped the community avoid making a religion of their subgoals and kept them focused on the abstract holy grail of “ augmentation . ”
One of the interested features of NLS was that its user interface was a parametric and could be supplied by the end user in the form of a “ grammar of interaction given in their compiler - compiler TreeMeta .
This was similar to William Newman ’s early “ Reaction Handler ” [ Newman 66 ] work in specifying interfaces by having the end - user or developer construct through tablet and stylus an iconic regular expression grammar with action procedures at the states ( NLS allowed embeddings via its context free rules ) .
This was attractive in many ways , particularly William ’s scheme , but to me there was a monstrous bug in this approach .
Namely , these grammars forced the user to be in a system state which required getting out of before any new kind of interaction could be done .
In hierarchical menus or “ screens ” one would have to backtrack to a master state in order to go somewhere else .
What seemed to be required were states in which there was a transition arrow to every other state–not a fruitful concept in formal grammar theory .
In other words , a much “ flatter ” interface seemed called for–but could such a thing be made interesting and rich enough to be useful ?
Again , the scope of the FLEX machine was too small for a miniNLS , and we were forced to find alternate designs that would incorporate some of the power of the new ideas , and in some cases to improve them .
I decided that Sketchpad ’s notion of a general window that viewed a larger virtual world was a better idea than restricted horizontal panes and with Ed came up with a clipping algorithm very similar to that under development at the same time by Sutherland and his students at Harvard for the 3D “ virtual reality ” helment project [ Sutherland 1968 ] .
Object references were handled on the FLEX machine as a generalization of B5000 descriptors .
Instead of a few formats for referencing numbers , arrays , and procedures , a FLEX descriptor contained two pointers : the first to the “ master ” of the object , and the second to the object instances ( later we realized that we should put the master pointer in the instance to save space ) .
A different method was taken for handling generalized assignment .
The B5000 used l-values and r-values [ Strachey * ] which worked for some cases but could n’t handle more complex objects .
For example : a [ 55 ] := 0 if a was a sparse array whose default element was – would still generate an element in the array because := is an “ operator ” and a [ 55 ] is dereferenced into an l-value before anyone gets to see that the r-value is the default element , regardless of whether a is an array or a procedure fronting for an array .
What is needed is something like : a ( 55 := 0 ) , which can look at all relevant operands before any store is made .
In other words , := is not an operator , but a kind of a index that can select a behavior from a complex object .
It took me a remarkably long time to see this , partly I think because one has to invert the traditional notion of operators and functions , etc. , to see that objects need to privately own all of their behaviors : that objects are a kind of mapping whose values are its behaviors .
A book on logic by Carnap [ Ca *] helped by showing that “ intentional ” definitions covered the same territory as the more traditional extensional technique and were often more intuitive and convenient .
As in Simula , a coroutine control structure [ Conway , 1963 ] was used as a way to suspend and resume objects .
Persistent objects like files and documents were treated as suspended processes and were organized according to their Algol - like static variable scopes .
These were shown on the screen and could be opened by pointing at them .
Coroutining was also used as a control structure for looping .
A single operator while was used to test the generators which returned false when unable to furnish a new value .
Booleans were used to link multiple generators .
So a “ for - type ” loop would be written as : while i <= 1 to 30 by 2 ^ j <= 2 to k by 3 do j <-j * i ; where the … to … by … was a kind of coroutine object .
Many of these ideas were reimplemented in a stronger style in Smalltalk later on .
Another control structure of interest in FLEX was a kind of event - driven “ soft interrupt ” called when .
Its boolean expression was compiled into a “ tournement soft ” tree that cached all possible intermediate results .
The relevant variables were threaded through all of the sorting trees in all of the whens so that any change only had to compute through the necessary parts of the booleans .
The efficiency was very high and was similar to the techniques now used for spreadsheets .
This was an embarrassment of riches with difficulties often encountered in event - driven systems .
Namely , it was a complex task to control the context of just when the whens should be sensitive .
Part of the boolean expression had to be used to check the contexts , where I felt that somehow the structure of the program should be able to set and unset the event drivers .
This turned out to beyond the scope of the FLEX system and needed to wait for a better architecture .
Still , quite a few of the original FLEX ideas in their proto - object form did turn out to be small enough to be feasible on the machine .
I was writing the first compiler when something unusual happened : the Utah graduate students got invited to the ARPA contractors meeting held that year at Alta , Utah .
Towards the end of the three days , Bob Taylor , who had succeeded Ivan Sutherland as head of ARPA - IPTO asked the graduate students ( sitting in a ring around the outside of the 20 or so contractors ) if they had any comments .
John Warnock raised his hand and pointed out that since the ARPA grad students would all soon be colleagues ( and since we did all the real work anyway ) , ARPA should have a contractors - type meeting each user for the grad students .
Taylor thought this was a great idea and set it up for the next summer .
Another ski-lodge meeting happened in Park City later that spring .
The general topic was education and it was the first time I heard Marvin Minsky speak .
He put forth a terrific diatribe against traditional education methods , and from him I heard the ideas of Piaget and Papert for the first time .
Marvin ’s talk was about how we think about complex situations and why schools are really bad places to learn these skills .
He did n’t have to make any claims about computer +kids to make his point .
It was clear that education and learning had to be rethought in the light of 20th century cognitive psychology and how good thinkers really think .
Computing enters as a new representation system with new and useful metaphors for dealing with complexity , especially of systems [ Minsky 70 ] .
For the summer 1968 ARPA grad students meeting at Allerton House in Illinois , I boiled all the mechanisms in the FLEX machine down into one 2 ’x3 ′ chart .
This included all the “ object structures . ” the compiler , the byte - code interpreter , i/o handlers , and a simple display editor for text and graphics .
The grad students were a distinguished group that did indeed become colleagues in subsequent years .
My FLEX machine talk was a success , but the big whammy for me came during a tour of U of Illinois whee I saw a 1 ″ square lump of class and neon gas in which individual spots would light up on command–it was the first flat - panel display .
I spent the rest of the conference calculating just when the silicon of the FLEX machine could be put on the back of the display .
According to Gordon Moore ’s “ Law ” , the answer seemed to be sometime in the late seventies or early eighties .
A long time off–it seemed to long to worry much about it then .
But later that year at RAND I saw a truly beautiful system .
This was GRAIL , the graphical followin to JOSS .
The first tablet ( the famous RAND tablet ) was invented by Tom Ellis [ Davvis 1964 ] in order to capture human gestures , and Gave Groner wrote a program to eficiently recognize and respnd to them [ Groner 1966 ] .
Through everything was fastned with bubble gum and the stem crashed often , I have never forgotton my fist interactions with this system .
It was direct manipulation , it was analogical , it was modeless , it was beautiful .
I reallized that the FLEX interface was all wrong , but how could something like GRAIOL be stuffed intosuch a tiny machine since it required all of a stand - alone 360 / 44 to run in ?
A month later , I finally visited Semour Papert , Wally Feurzig , Cynthia Solomon and some of the other original reserachers who had built LOGO and were using it with children in the Lexington schools .
Here were children doing real pogramming with a specially designed language and environment .
As with Simulas leading to OOP , this enoucnter final hit me with what the destiny of personal computing really was going to be .
Not a personal dynamic vehicle , as in Engelbart ’s metaphor opposed to the IBM “ railroads ” , but something much more profound : a personal dynamic medium .
With a vehicle on could wait until high school and give “ drivers ed ” , but if it was a medium , it had to extend into the world of childhood .
Now the collision of the FLEX machine , the flat - screen display , GRAIL , Barton ’s “ communications ” talk , McLuhan , and Papert ’s work with children all came together to form an image of what a personal computer really should be .
I remembered Aldus Manutius who 40 years after the printing press put the book into its modern dimensions by making it fit into saddlebags .
It had to be no larger than a notebook , and needed an interface as friendly as JOSS ’ , GRAIL ’s , and LOGO ’s , but with the reach of Simula and FLEX .
A clear romantic vision has a marvelous ability to focus thought and will .
Now it was easy to know what to do next .
I built a cardboard model of it to see what if would look and feel like , and poured in lead pellets to see how light it would have to be ( less than two pounds ) .
I put a keyboard on it as well as a stylus because , even if handprinting and writing were recognized perfectly ( and there was no reason to expect that it would be ) , there still needed to be a blance between the lowspeed tactile degrees of freedom offered by the stylus and the more limited but faster keyboard .
Since ARPA was starting to experiment with packet radio , I expected that the Dynabook when it arrived a decade or so hence , wouldhave a wireless networking system .
Early next year ( 1969 ) there was a conference on Extensible Languages in which alnost every famous name in the field attended .
The debate was great and wighty –it was a religious war of unimplemented poorly though out ideas .
As Alan Perlis , one of the great men in Computer Science , put it with characteristic wit :
It has been such a long time since aI have seen so many familiar faces shouting among so many familiar ideas .
Discover of something new in programming languages , like any discovery , has somewhat the same sequence of emotions as falling in love .
A sharp eleation followed by euphoria , a feeling of uniuqeness , and ultimately the wandering eye ( the urge to generalize ) [ ACM 69 ] .
But it was all talk–no one had done anything yet .
In the midst of all this , Ned Irons got up and presented IMP , a system that had already been working for several years that was more elegant than most of the nonworking proposals .
The basic idea of IMP was that you coulduse any phrase in the grammar as a procedur heading and write a semantic definition in terms of the language as extended so far [ Irons 1970 ] .
I had already made the first version of the FLEX machine syntax driven , but where the meaning of a phrase was defned in the more usual way as the kind of code that was emitted .
This separated the compiiler - extensor part of the system from the end -user .
In Irons ’ approach , every procedure in the system define dits own syntax in a natural and useful manner .
I cinorporated these ideas into the second verions of the FLEX machine and started to experiment with the idea of a direct interpreter rather than a syntax directed compiler .
Somewhere in all of this , I realized that the bridge to an object - based system could be in terms of each object as a syntax directed interpreter of messages sent to it .
In one fell swoop this would unify object - oriented semantics with the ideal of a completely extensible language .
The mental image was one of separate computers sending requests to other computers that had to be accepted and understood by the receivers beofre anything could happen .
In todya ’s terms every object would be a server offering services whose deployment and discretion depended entirely on the server ’s notion of relationsip with the servee .
As Liebniz said : “ To get everything out of nothing , you only need to find one principle . ”
This was not well thought out enough to do the FLEX machine any good , but formed a good point of departure for my thesis [ Kay 69 ] , which as Ivan Sutherland liked to say was “ anything you can get three people to sign . ”
After three people signed it ( Ivan was one off them ) , I went to the Stanford AI project and spent much more time thinking about notebook KiddyKomputers than AI .
But there were two AI designs that were very intriguing .
The first was Carl Hewitt ’s PLANNER , a programmable logic system that formed the deductive basis of Winograd ’s SHRDLU [ Sussman 69 , Hewitt 69 ]
I designed several languages based on a combination of the pattern matching schemes of FLEX and PLANNER [ Kay 70 ] .
The second design was Pat Winston ’s concept formation system , a scheme for building semantic networks and comparing them to form analogies and learning processes [ Winston 70 ] .
It was kind of “ object - oriented ” .
One of its many good ieas was that the arcs of each net which served as attributes in AOV triples should themsleves be modeled as nets .
Thus , for example a first order arc called LEFT - OF could be asked a higher order questions such as “ What isyour converse ? ” and its net could answer : RIGHT - OF .
This point of view later formed the basis for Minsky ’s frame systems [ Minsky 75 ] .
A few years later I wished I had paid more attention to this idea .
That fall , I heard a wonderful talk by Butler Lampson about CAL - TSS , a capability - based operating system that seemed very “ object - oriented ” [ Lampson 69 ] .
Unfogable pointers ( ala 85000 ) were extended by bit-masks that restriected access to the object ’s internal operations .
This confirmed my “ objects as server ” metaphor .
There was also a very nice approach to exception handling which reminded me of the way failure was often handled in pattern matching systems .
The only problem– which the CAL designers did not wsee as a problam at all –was that only certain ( usually large and slow ) things were “ objects ” .
Fast things and small things , etc. , were n’t .
This needed to be fixed .
The biggest hit for me while at SAIL in late ’ 69 was to really understand LISP .
Of course , every student knew about car , cdr , and cons , but Utah was impoverished in that no one there used LISP and hence , no one had penetrated thye mysteries of eval and apply .
I could hardly believe how beautiful and wonderful the idea of LISP was [ McCarthy 1960 ] .
I say it this way because LISP had not only been around enough to get some honest barnacles , but worse , there wee deep falws in its logical foundations .
By this , I mean that the pure language was supposed to be based on functions , but its most important components — such as lambda expressions quotes , and conds–where not functions at all , and insted ere called special forms .
Landin and others had been able to get quotes and cons in terms of lambda by tricks that were variously clever and useful , but the flaw remained in the jewel .
In the practical language things were better .
There were not just EXPRs ( which evaluated their arguments0 , but FEXPRs ( which did not ) .
My next questions was , why on earth call it a functional language ?
Why not just base everuything on FEXPRs and force evaluation on the receiving side when needed ?
I could never get a good answer , but the question was very helpful when it came time to invent Smalltalk , because this started a line of thought that said “ take the hardest and most profound thing you need to do , make it great , an then build every easier thing out of it ” .
That was the promise of LiSP and the lure of lambda–needed was a better “ hardest and most profound ” thing .
Objects should be it .
III .
1970 - 72 –Xerox PARC : The KiddiKomp , miniCOM , and Smalltalk - 71
In July 1970 , Xerox , at the urgin of its chief scientist Jack Goldman , decdided to set up a long range reserach center in Palo Alo , California .
In September , George Pake , the former chancellor at Washington University where Wes Clark ’s ARPA project was sited , hired Bob Taylor ( who had left the ARPA office and was taling a sabbatical year at Utah ) to start a “ Computer Science Laboratory . ”
Bob visited Palo Alto and we stayed up all night talking about it .
The mansfield Amendment was threatening to blinkdly muzzle the most enlightened ARPA funding in favor of directly military reserach , and this new opportunity looked like a promising alternative .
But work for a company ?
He wanted me to consult and I asked for a direction .
He said : follow your instincts .
I immediately started working up a new versio of the KiddiKimp tha could be made in enough quantity to do experiments leading to the user interface design for the eventual notebook .
Bob Barton liked to say that “ good ideas do n’t often scale . ”
He was certainly right when applied to the FLEX machine .
The B5000 just did n’t directly scale down into a tiny machine .
Only the byte - codes did .
and even these needed modification .
I decided to take another look at Wes Clark ’s LINKX , and was ready to appreciate it much more this time [ Clark 1965 ] .
I still liked pattern - directed approaches and OOP so I came up with a language design called “ Simulation LOGO ” or SLOGO for short *( I had a feeling the first versions migh run nice and slow ) .
This was to be built into a SONY “ tummy trinitron ” and ould use a coarse bit-map display and the FLEX machine rubber tablet as a pointing device .
Another beautiful system that I had come across was Petere Deutsch ’s PDP - 1 LISP ( implemented when he was only 15 ) [ Deutsch 1966 ] .
It used onl 2 K ( 18 - bit words ) of code and could run quite well in a 4 K mahcine ( it was its own operating system and interface ) .
It seemed that even more could be done if the system were byte - coded , run by an architectural that was hoospitable to dynamic systems , and stuck into the ever larger ROMs that were becoming available .
One of the basic insights I had gotten from Seymour was that you did n’t have to do a lot to make a computer an “ object for thought ” for children , but what you did had to be done well and be able to apply deeply .
Right after New Years 1971 , Bob Taylor scored an enourmous coup by attracting most of the struggling Berkeley computer corp to PARC .
This group included Butler Lampson , Check Thacker , Peter Deutsch , Jim Mitchell , Dick Shoup , Willie Sue Haugeland , and Ed Fiala .
Him Mitchell urged the group to hire Ed McCreight from CM and he arrived soon after .
Gar Starkweather was there already , having been thrown out of the Xerox Rochester Labs for wanting to build a laser printer ( which was against the local religion ) .
Not long after , many of Doug Englebart ’s people joined up–part of the reason was that they want to reimplement NLS as a distributed network system , and Doug wanted to stay with time - sharing .
The group included Bill English ( the co-inventor of the mouse ) , Jeff Rulifson , and Bill Paxton .
Almost immediately we got into trouble with Xerox when the group decided that the new lab needed a PDP - 10 for continuity with the ARPA community .
Xerox ( which has bought SDS essentially sight unseend a few years before ) was horrified at the idea of their main compeititor ’s computer being used in the lab .
They balked .
The newly formed PARC group had a metting in which it was decided that it would take about three years to do a good operating system for the XDS SIGMA - 7 but that we could build “ our own PDP - 10 ” in a year .
My reactopn was “ Holy cow ! ”
In fact , they pullit it off with considerable pnache .
MAXC was actually a microcoded emeulation of the PDP - 10 that used for the first time the new integrated chip memeoris ( 1 K bits ! ) instead of core memory .
Having practicalin house experience with both of these new technologies was critical for the more radical systems to come .
One little incident of LISP eauty happened when Allen Newell visited PARC with his theory of hierarchical thinking and was challenged to prove it .
He was given a programming problem to solve while the protocol was collected .
The problem was : given a list of items , produce a list consisteing of all of the odd indexed items followed by all of the even indexed items .
Newel ’s internal programming langage resembple IPL - V in which pointers are manipulated explicitly , and he got into quite a struggle to do the program .
In 2 seconds I wrote down : oddsEvens ( x ) = append ( odds ( x ) , evens ( x ) ) the statement of the problem in Landin ’s LISP syntax–and also the first part of the solution .
Then a few seconds later : where odds ( x ) = if null ( x ) v null ( tl ( x ) ) then x else hd( x ) & odds ( ttl(x ) ) evens ( x ) = if null ( x ) v null ( tl ( x ) ) then nil else odds ( tl( x ) )
This characteristic of writing down many solutions in declarative form and have them also be the programs is part of the appeal and beauty of this kind of language .
Watching a famous guy much smarter than I struggle for more than 30 minutes to not quite solve the problem his way ( there was a bug ) made quite an impression .
It brought home to me once again that “ point of view is worth 80 IQ points . ”
I was n’t smarter but I had a much better internal thinking tool to amplify my abilities .
This incident and others like it made paramount that any tool for children should have great thinking patterns and deep beeauty “ built - in . ”
Right around this time we were involved in another conflict with Xerox management , in particular with Don Pendery the head “ planner ” .
He really did n’t understand what we were talking about and instead was interested in “ trends ” and “ what was the future going to be like ” and how could Xerox “ defend against it . ”
I got so upset I said to him , “ Look .
The best way to predict the future is to invent it .
Do n’t worry about what all those other people might do , this is the century in which almost any clear vision can be made ! ”
He remained unconvinced , and that led to the famous “ Pendery Papers for PARC Planning Purposese , ” a collection of essays on various aspects of the future .
Mine proposed a version of the notebook as a “ Display Transducer . ” and Jim Mitchell ’s was entitled “ NLS on a Minicomputer . ”
Bill English took me under his wing and helped me start my group as I had always been a lone wolf and had no idea how to do it .
One of his suggestions was that I should make a budget .
I ’m afraid that I really did ask Bill , “ What ’s a budget ? ” I remembered at Utag , in pre-Mansfield Amendment days , Dave Evans saying to me as hwent off on a trip to ARPA , “ We ’re almost out of money .
Got to go get some more . ”
That seemed about right to me .
They give you some money .
You spend it to find out what to do next .
You run out .
They give you some more .
And so on .
PARC never quite made it to that idyllic standard , but for the first half decade it came close .
I needed a group because I had finally ralized that I did not have all of the temperaments required to completely finish an idea .
I called it the Learning Research Group ( LRG ) to be as vaue as possible bout our charter .
I only hired people that got stars in their eyes when they heard about the notebook computer idea .
I did n’t like meetings : did n’t believe brainstorming could substitute for cool sustained thought .
When anyone asked me what to do , and I did n’t have a strong idea , I would point at the notebook nodel and say , “ Advance that . ” LRG members developed a very close relationship with each other–as Dan Ingalls was to say later : “ … the rest has enfolded through the love and energy of the whole Learning Research Group . ”
A lot of daytime was spent outside of PARC , playing tennis , bikeriding , drinking beer , eating chinese food , and constantly talking about the Dynabook and its potential to amplify human reach and bring new ways of thinking to a faltering civilization that desperately needed it ( that kind of goal was common in California in the afternath of the sixties ) .
In the summer of ’ 71 I refined the KiddiKomp idea into a tighter design called miniCOM .
It used a bit - slice approach like the NOVA 1200 , had a bit - map display , a pointing device , a choice of “ secondary ” ( really tertiary ) storages , and a language I now called “ Smalltalk ” –as in “ programming should be a matter of … ” and “ children should program in … ” .
The name was also a reaction against the “ IndoEuropean god theory ” where systems were named Zeus , Odin , and Thor , and hardly did anything .
I figured that “ Smalltalk ” was so innocuous a label that if it ever did anything nice people would be pleasantly surprised .
This Smalltalk language ( today labeled - 71 ) was very influenced by FLEX , PLANNER , LOGO , META II , and my own derivatives from them .
It was a kind of parser with object - attachment that executed tokens directly .
( I think the awkward quoting conventions come from META ) .
I was less interested in programs as algebraic patterns than I was in a clear scheme that could handle a variety of styles of programming .
The patterned front - end allowed simple extension , patterns as “ data ” to be retrieved , a simple way to attach behaviors to objects , and a rudimentary but clear expression of its eval in terms that I thought children could understand after a few years experience with simpler programming ..
Program storiage was sorted into a discrimintaion net and evalutaion was strightforward pattern - matching .
Smalltalk - 71 Programs to T ' and ' :y do 'y ' to F ' and ' :y do F to ' factorial ' 0 is 1 to ' factorial ' :n do 'n * factorial n - 1 ' to ' fact ' :n do ' to ' fact ' n do factorial n. ^ fact n' to :e ' is -member - of ' [ ] do F to :e ' is - member - of ' : group do 'if e = firstof group then T else e is - member - of rest of group ' to ' cons ' :x :y is self to ' hd ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) do ' a ' to ' hd ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) '< -' :c do 'a <- c' to 'tl ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) do ' b ' to 'tl ' ( ' cons ' :a :b ) '< -' :c do 'b <- c' to : robot ' pickup ' : block do ' robot clear - top - of block .
robot hand move - to block .
robot hand lift block 50 . to ' height - of ' block do 50 '
As I mentioned previously , it was annoying that the surface beauty of LISP was marred by some of its key parts having to be introduced as “ special forms ” rather than as its supposed universal building block of functions .
The actual beauty of LISP came more from the promise of its metastrcutures than its actual model .
I spent a fair amount of time thinking about how objects could be characterized as universal computers without having to have any exceptions in the central metaphor .
What seemed to be needed was complete control over what was passed in a message send ; in particular when and in what environment did expressions get evaluted ?
An elegant approach was suggested in a CMU thesis of Dave Fisher [ Fisher 70 ] on the syntheses of control structures .
ALGOL60 required a separate link for dynamic subroutine linking and for access to static global state .
Fisher showed ow a generalization of these links could be used to simulate a wide variety of control environments .
One of the ways to solve the “ funarg problem ” of LiSP is to associate the proper global tate link with expressions and functions that are to be evaluted later so that the free variables referenced are the ones that were actually implied by the static form of the language .
The notion of “ ; azy evaluation ” is anticipated here as well .
Nowadays this approach wouldbe called reflective design .
Putting it together with the FLEX models suggested that all that should be required for “ doing LISP right ” or “ doing OOP right ” would be to handle the mechanics of invocations between modules without having to worry about the details of the modules themselves .
The difference between LISP and OOP ( or any other system ) would then be what the modules could dontain .
A universal module ( object ) referrence –ala B5000 and LISP –and a message holding structure –which could be virutal if the senders and receivers were sympatico– that could be used by all would do the job .
If all of the fields of a messenger struccture were enumerated according to this view , we would have : GLOBAL : the environment of the parameter values SENDER : the sender of the message RECEIVER : the receiver of the message REPLY - STYLE : wiat , fork , …? STATUS : progress of the message REPLY : eventual result ( if any ) OPERATION SELECTOR : relative to the receiver # OF PARAMETERS : P1 : …: Pn :
This is a generalization of a stack frame , such as used by the B5000 , and very simiilar to what a good intermodule scheme would require in an opeating system such as CAL - TSS –a lot of state for every transactin , but useful to think about .
Much of the pondering during this state of grace ( before any workable implementation ) had to do with trying to understand what “ beautiful ” ight mean with reference to object - oriented design .
A subjective definition of a beautiful thing is fairly easy but is not of much jelp : we think a thing beautfiul because it evokes certain emotions .
The cliche has it like “ in the eye of the beholder ” so that it is difficult to think of beauty as other than a relation between subject and object in which the predispositions of the subject are all important .
If there are such a thing as universally appealing forms then we can perhaps look to our shared biological heritage for the predispositions .
But , for an object like LiSP , it is almost certan that most of the basis of our judgement is leanred and has much to do with other related areas that we think are beautiful , such as much of mathematics .
One part of theperceived beuty of mathematics has to do with a wondrous snery between parasimony , generality , enlightenment , and finesse .
For example , the Pythagoriean Theorem is expressable in a single line , is true for all of the infinite number of right triangles , is incredibly uiseful in unerstanding many other relationships , and can be shown be a few simple but profound steps .
When we turn to the various languages for specifying computations we find many to be general and a few to be parsimonious .
For example , we can define universal machine languages in just a few instructions that can speicfy anything that can be computed .
But most of these we would not call beautiful , in part because the amount and kiind of code tha has to be written to do anything interesting is so contribed and turgid .
A simple and small system that can do interesing things also needs a “ high slope ” – that is a good match between the degree of interestingness and the level of complexity needed to express it .
A fertialized egg that can transform itself into the myriad of specializations needed to make a complex organism has parsimony , gernerality , enlightenment , and finesse - in short , beauty , and a beauty much more in line with my own esthetics .
I mean by this that Nature is wonderful both at elegance and practicality –the cell membrane is partly there to allow useful evolutionary kludges to do their neccessary work and still be able act as component by presenting a uniform interface to the world .
One of my continual worries at this time was about the size of the bit-map display .
Even if a mixed mode was used ( between fine - grained generated characters and coarse - grained general bit-mao for graphics ) it would be hard to get enough information on the screen .
It occurred to me ( ina shower , my favorite place to think ) that FLEXtype windows on a bit - map displahy could be made to appear as overlapping documents on a desktop .
When an overlapped one was refreshed it would appear to come to the top of the stack .
At the time , this did not appear as the wonderful solujtion to the problem but it did have the effect of magnifying the effective area of the display anormously , so I decided to go with it .
To investigate the use of video as a display medium , Bill english and Butler Lampson specified an experimental character generator ( built by Roger Bates ) for the POLOS ( PARC OnLine Office System ) terminals .
Gary Starkweather had just gotten the first laser printer to work and we ran a coax over to his lab to feed him some text to print .
The “ SLOT machine ” ( Scanning Laser Output Terminal ) was incredible .
The only Xerox copier Gary could get to work on went at 1 page a seocond and could not be slowed down .
So Gary just made the laser run at the rate with a resolution of 500 pixels to the inch !
The character generator ’s font memory turned out to be large enough to simulate a bit -map display f one displayed a fixed “ strike ” and wrote into the font memory .
Ben Laws built a beautiful font editor and he and I spent several months learning about the peculaiarities of the human visual system ( it is decidedly non-linear ) .
I was very interested in high - quality text and graphical presentations because I thought it would be easier to get the Dynabook into schools as a “ trojan horse ” by simply replacing school books rahter than to try to explain to teachers and school boards what was really great about personal computing .
Things were generally going well all over the lab until May of 72 when I tried to get resources to build a few miniCOMs .
A relatively new executive ( “ X ” ) did not want to give them to me .
I wrote a memo explaining why the system was a good idea ( see Appendix II ) , and then had a meeting to discuss it .
“ X ” shot it down completely saying amoung other things that we had used too many green stamps getting Xerox to fund the time - shared MAXC and this use of resources for personal machines would confuse them .
I was chocked .
I crawled away back to the experimental character generator and made a plan to get 4 more made and hooked to NOVAs for the initial kid experiments .
I got Steve Purcell , a summer student from Stanford , to build my design for bit -map painting so the kids could sketch as well as display computer graphics .
John
Shoch built a line drawing and gesture regognition system ( based on Ledeen ’s [ Newman and Sproull 72 ] ) that was integrated with the painting .
Bill Duvall of POLOS built a miniNLS that was quite remarkable in its speed and power .
The first overlapping windows started to appear .
Bob Shur ( with Steve Purcell ’s help ) built a 2 1/2 D animation system .
Along with Ben Laws ’ font editor , we could give quite a smashing demo of what we intended to build for real over the next few years .
I remember giving one of these to a Xerox executive , including doing a protrait of him in the new painting system , and wound it up with a flourish declaring : “ And what ’s really great about this is that it only has a 20 % chance of success .
We ’re taking risk just like you asked us to ! ”
He looked me straigt in the eye and said , “ Boy , that ’s great , but just make sure it works . ”
This was a typical exeuctive notion about risk .
He wanted us to be in the “ 20 % ” one hundred percent of the time .
That summer while licking my wounds and getting the demo simnulations built and going , Butler Lampson , Peter Deutsch , and I worked out a general scheme for emulated HLL machine languages .
I liked the B5000 scheme , but Butler did not want to have to decode bytes , and pointed out that since an 8 - bit byte had 256 total possibilities , what we should do is map different meanings onto different parts of the “ instruction space . ” this would give us a “ poor man ’s Huffman code ” that would be both flexible and simple .
All subsequent emulators at PARC used this general scheme .
I also took another pass at the language for the kids .
Jeff Rulifson was a big fan of Piaget ( and semiotics ) and we had many discussions about the “ stages ” and what iconic thinking might be about .
After reading Piaget and especially Jerome Bruner , I was worried that the directly symbolic approach taken by FLEX , LOGO ( and the current Smalltalk ) would be difficult for the kids to process since evidence existed that the symbolic stage ( or mentality ) was just starting to switch on .
In fact , all of the educators that I admired ( including Montessori , Holt , and Suzuki ) all seemed to call for a more figurative , more iconic approach .
Rduolph Arnheim [ Arnheim 69 ] had written a classic book about visual thinking , and so had the eminent art critic Gomrich [ Gombrich ** ] .
It really seemed that something better needed to be done here .
GRAIL was n’t it , because its use of imagery was to portray and edit flowcharts , which seemed like a great step backwards .
But Rovner ’s AMBIT - G held considerably more promise [ Rovner 68 ] .
It was kind of a visual SNOBOL [ Farber 63 ] and the pattern matching ideas looked like they would work for the more PLANNERlike scheme I was using .
Bill English was still encouraging me to do more reasonable appearing things to get higher credibility , likemakin budgets , writing plans and milestone notes , so I wrote a plan that proposed over the next few years that we would build a real system on the character generators cum NOVAs that would involve OOP , windows , painting , music , animation , and “ iconic programming . ”
The latter was deemed to be hard and would be handled by the usual method for hard problems , namely , give them to grad students .
IV . 1972 -76 –The first real Smalltalk ( - 72 ) , its birth , applications , and improvements
In Sept. within a few weeks of each other , two bets happened that changed most of my plans .
First , Butler and Chuck came over and asked : “ Do you have any money ? ” I said , “ Yes , about $ 230 K for NOVAs and CGs .
Why ? ”
They said , “ How would you like us to build your little machine for you ? ” I said , “ I ’d like it fine .
What is it ? ”
Butler said : “ I want a ‘ $ 500 PDP - 10 ′ , Chuck wants a ’ 10 times faster NOVA ’ , and you want a ‘ kiddicomp ’ .
What do you need on it ? ” I told them most of the results we had gotten from the fonts , painting , resolution , animation , and music studies .
I aksed where this had come from all of a sudden and Butler told me that they wanted to do it anyway , that Executive “ X ” was away for a few months on a “ task force ” so maybe they could “ Sneak it in ” , and that Chuck had a bet with Bill Vitic that he could do a whole machine in just 3 months .
“ Oh , ” I said .
The second bet had even more surprising results .
I had expected that the new Smalltalk would be an iconic language and would take at least two years to invent , but fate intervened .
One day , in a typical PARC hallway bullsession , Ted Kaeh;er , Dan Ingalls , and I were standing around talking about programming languages .
The subject pf power came up and the two of them wondered how large a language one would have to make to get great power .
With as much panache as I could muster , I asserted that you could define the “ most powerful language in the world ” in “ a page of code . ”
They said , “ Put up or shut up . ”
Ted went back to CMU but Can was still around egging me on .
For the next two weeks I got to PARC every morning at four o’clock and worked on the problem until eight , when Dan , joined by Henry Fuchs , John Shoch , and Steve Prcell shoed up to kibbitz the mroning ’s work .
I had orignally made the boast because McCarthy ’s self - describing LISP interpreter was written in itself .
It was about “ a page ” , and as far as power goes , LISP was the whole nine - yards for functional languages .
I was quite sure I could do the same for object - oriented languages plus be able to do a resonable syntax for the code a loa some of the FLEX machine techiques .
It turned out to be more difficult than I had first thought for three reasons .
First , I wanted the program to be more like McCarthy ’s second non-recursive interpreter –the one implemented as a loop that tried to resemble the original 709 implementation of Steve Russell as much as possible .
It was more “ real ” .
Second , the intertwining of the “ parsing ” with message receipt –the evaluation of paremters which was handled separately in LISP –required that my object - oriented interpreter re-enter itself “ sooner ” ( in fact , much sooner ) than LISP required .
And , finally , I was still not clear how send and receive should work with each other .
The first few versions had flaws tha wee soundly criticized by the group .
But by morning 8 or so , a version appeared that seemed to work ( see Appendix III for a sketch of how the interpreter was designed ) .
The major differences from the official Smalltalk - 72 of a little bit later were that in the first version symbols were byte - coded and the reeiving of return of return - values from a send was symmetric–i .e. reciept could be like parameter binding –this was particular useful for the return of multiple values .
for various reasons , this was abandoned in favor of a more expression - oriented functional return style .
Of course , I had gone to considerable pains to avoid doing any “ real work ” for the bet , but I felt I had proved my point .
This had been an interesting holiday from our official “ iconic programming ” pursuits , and I thought that would be the end of it .
Much to my surprise , ionly a few ays later , Dan Ingalls shoed me the scheme working on the NOVA .
He had coded it up ( in BASIC ! ) , added a lot of details , such as a token scanner , a list maker , etc. , and there it was –running .
As he liked to say : “ You just do it and it ’s done . ”
It evaluted 3 = 4 v e r y s l o w l y ( it was “ glacial ” , as Butler liked to say ) but the answer alwas came out 7 .
Well , there was nothing to do but keep going .
Dan loved to bootstrap on a system that “ always ran , ” and over the next ten years he made at least 80 major releases of various flavors of Smalltalk .
In November , I presented these ideas and a demonstration of the interpretation scheme to the MIT AI lab .
This eventuall led to Carl Hewitt ’s more formal “ Actor ” approach [ Hewitt 73 ] .
In the first Actor paper the resemblence to Smalltalk is at its closest .
The paths later diverged , partly because we were much more interested in making things than theorizing , and partly because we had something no one else had : Chuck Thacker ’s Interim Dynabook ( later known as the “ ALTO ” ) .
Just before Check started work on the machine I gave a paper to the National Council of Teachers of English [ Kay 72c ] on the Dynabook and its potential as a learning and thinking amplifier –the paper was an extensive rotogravure of “ 20 things to do with a Dynabook ” [ Kay 72c ] .
By the time I got back from Minnesota , Stewart Brand ’s Rolling Stone article about PARC [ Brand 1972 ] and the surrounding hacker community had hit the stands .
To our enormous surprise it caused a major furor at Xerox headquarters in STamford , Connectitcut .
Though it was a wonderful article that really caught the spirit of the whole culture , Xerox went berserk , forced us to wear badges ( over the years many were printed on t- shirts ) , and severely restricted the kinds of publications that could be made .
This was particular disastrous for LRG , since we were the “ lunatic fringe ” ( so - called by the other computer scientists ) , were planning to go out to the schools , and needed to share our ideas ( and programs ) with our colleagues such as Seymour Papert and Don Norman .
Executive “ X ” apparently heard some harsh words at Stamford about us , because when he returned around Christmas and found out about the interim Dynabook , he got even more angry and tried to kill it .
Butler wound up writing a masterful defence of the machine to hold him off , and he went back to his “ task force . ”
Check had started his “ bet ” on November 22 , 1972 .
He and two tecnicians did all of the machine except for the disk interface which was done by Ed McCreight .
It had a ~ 500,000 pixel ( 606×808 ) bitmap display , its microcode instruction rate was about 6 MIPS , it had a grand total of 128k , and the entire machine ( exclusive of the memory ) ws rendered in 160 MSI chips distributed on two cards .
It ws eautiful [ Thacker 1972 , 1986 ] .
One of the wonderful features of the machine was “ zero - over - head ” tasking .
It had 16 program counters , one for each task .
Condition falgs were tied to interesting events ( such as “ horizontal retrace pulse ” , and “ disk sector pulse ” , etc. ) .
Lookaside logic scanned the flags while the current instruction was executing and picked the highes prioritity program counter to fetch from next .
The machine never had to wait , and the reuslt was that most hardware functions ( particularly those that involved i/o ( like feeding the display and handling the disk ) could be replaced by microcode .
Even the refresh of the MOS dynamic RAM was done by a task .
In other words , this was a coroutine architecture .
Check claimed that he got the idea from a lecture I had given on coroutines a few months before , but I remembered that Wes Clark ’s TX - 2 ( the Sketchpad machine ) had used the idea first , and I probably mentioned that in the talk .
In early April , just a little over three months fromthe start , the first Interim Dynabook , known as ‘ Bilbo , ’ greeted the world and we had the first bit -map picture on the screen within minutes ; the Muppets ’ Cookie Monster that I had sketched on our painting system .
Soon Dan had bootstrapped Smalltalk across , and for many months it was the sole software sytem to run on the Interim dynabook .
Appendix I has an “ acknowledgements ” dodcument I wrote from this time that is interesting it its allocation of credits and the various priorities associated with them .
My $ 230 K was enough to get 15 of the original projected 30 machines ( over the years some 2000 Interim Dynabooks were actually built .
True to Schopenhauer ’s observation , Executive “ X ” now decided that the Interim Dynabook was a good idea and he wanted all but two for his lab ( I was in the other lab ) .
I had to go to considerable lengths to get our machines back , but finally succeeded .
Everything is an object Objects communicate by sending and receiving messages ( in terms of objects )
Objects have their own memory ( in terms of objects )
Every object is an instance of a class ( which must be an object )
The class holds the shared behavior for its instances ( in the form of objects in a pogram list
To eval a program list , control is passed to the first object and the remainder is treated as its message
By this time most of Smalltalk ’s schemes had been sorted out into six main ideas that were in accord with the initial premises in designing the interpreter .
The ist three principales are what objects “ are about ” –how they are seen and used from “ the outside . ”
Thse did not require any modification over the years .
The last three –objects from the inside–were tinkered with in every version of Smalltalk ( and in subsequent OOP designs ) .
In this scheme ( 1 & 4 ) imply that classes are objects and that they must be instances of themself .
( 6 ) implies a LiSPlike universal syntax , but with the reeiving object as the first item followed by the message .
Thus c i <- de ( with subscripting rendered as “ o ” and multiplication as “ * ” ) means : receiver message c o i <- d*e
The c is bound to the receiving object , and all of o i <- d*e is the message to it .
The message is made up of literal token “. ” , an expression to be evaluated in the sender ’s context ( in this case i ) , another literal token <- , followed by an expression to be evaluated in the sender ’s context ( d*e ) .
Since “ LISP ” paris are made from 2 element objets they can be indexed more simply : c hd , c tl , and c hd <- foo , etc . “ Simple ” expressions like a+b and 3+4 seemed more troublesome at first .
Did it really make sense to think of them as : receiver message a + b 3 + 4
It seemed silly if only integers were considered , but there are many other metaphoric readings of “ + ” , such as : “ kitty ” + “ kat ” => “ kittykat ” [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] + 4 => [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 ]
This led to a style of finding generic behaviors for message symbols .
“ Polymorphism ” is the official term ( I believe derived from Strachey ) , but it is not really apt as its original meaning applied only to functions that could take more than one type of argument .
An example class of objects in Smalltalk - 72 , such as a model of CONS pairs , would look like :
Since control is passed to the class before any of the rest of the message is considered –the class can decide not to receive at its discretion –complete protection is retained .
Smalltalk - 72 objects are “ shiny ” and impervious to attack .
Part of the environment is the binding of the SENDER in the “ messenger object ” ( a generalized activation record ) which allows the receiver to determine differential provileges ( see Appendix II for more details ) .
This looked ahead to the eventualuse of Smalltalk as a network OS ( See [ Goldstein & Bobrow 1980 ] ) , and I do n’t recall it being used very much in Smalltalk - 72 .
One of the styles retained from Smalltalk - 71 was the comingling of function and class ideas .
In other works , Smalltalk - 72 classes looked like and could be used as functions , but it was easy to produce an instance ( a kind of closure ) by using the object ISNEW .
Thus factorial could be written “ extensionally ” as : to fact n ( ^if :n=0 then 1 else n*fact n - 1 ) or “ intensionally , ” as part of class integer : (… o! * ( ^:n=1 ) * ( 1 ) ( n - 1 ) ! )
Of course , the whole idea of Smalltalk ( and OOP in general ) is to define everything intensionally .
And this was the direction of movement as we learned how to progam in the new style .
I never liked this syntax ( too many parentheses and nestings ) and wanted something flatter and more grammar - like as in Smalltalk - 71 .
To the right is an example syntax from the notes of a talk I gave around then .
We will see something more like this a few years later in Dan ’s design for Smalltalk - 76 .
I think something simlar happened with LISP – that the “ reality ” of the straightforward and practical syntax you could program in prevailed against the flights of fancy that never quite got built .
Development of the Smalltalk - 72 System and Applications Proposed Smalltalk - 72 Syntax
Pair :h :t hd <- :h hd = h tl <- :t tl = t is Pair = true print = '( print .
SELF mprint .
mprint = h print .
if t is Nil then ') print else if t isPair then t mprint else '* print .
t print . ') print length = 1 + if t is List then t length else 0
The advent of a real Smalltalk on a real machine started off an explosion of parallel paths that are too difficult to intertwine in strict historical order .
Let me first present the genera development of the Smalltalk - 72 system up to the transistion to Smalltalk - 76 , and then follow that with the several years of work with children that were the primary mnotivation for the prroject .
The Smalltalk - 72 interpreter on the Interim Dynabook was not exactly a zippy ( “ majestic ” was Butler ’s pronouncement ) , but was easy to change and quite fast enough for many real - time interactive systems to be built in it .
Overlapping windows were the first project tackled ( With Diana Merry ) after writing the code to read the keyboard and create a string of text .
Diana built an early version of a bit field block transfer ( bitblt ) for displaying variable pitch fonts and generally writing on the display .
The first window versions were done as real 2 1/2 D draggable objects that were just a little too slow to be useful .
We decided to wait until Steve Purcell got his animation system going to do it right , and opted for the style that is still in use today , which is more like a “ 2 1/4 D ” .
Windows were perhaps the most redesigned and reimolemented class in Smalltalk because we did n’t quite have enough compute power to just do the continual viewing to “ world coordinates ” and refereshgin that my former Utag colleagues were starting to experiment with on the flight simulator projects at Evans & Sutherland .
This is a simple powerful model but it is difficult to do in real - time even in 2 1/2D .
The first practical windows in Smalltalk used the GRAIL conventions of sensitive corners for moving , resizing , cloning , and closing .
Window scheduling used a simple “ loopless ” control scheme that threaded all of the windows together .
One of the next classes to be implemented on the Interim Dynabook ( after the basics of numbers , strings , etc. ) was an object - oriented version of the LOGO turtle implemented by Ted .
This could make many turtle instances that were used both for drawing and as a kind of value for graphics transformations .
Dan created a class of “ commander ” turtles that could control a troop of turtles .
Soon the tutles were made so they could be clipped by the windows .
John Shoch built a mouse - driven structured editor for Smalltalk code .
Larry Tesler ( then working for POLOS ) did not like the modiness and general appraoch of NLS , and he wanted both show the former NLSers an alternative and to conduct some user studies ( almost unherard of in those days ) about editing .
This led to his programming miniMOUSE in Smalltalk , the first real WYSIWYG galley editor at PARC .
It was modeless ( almost ) and fun to use , not just for us but for the many people he tested it on ( I ran the camera for the movies we took and remember their delight and enjoyment ) .
miniMOUSE quickly became an alternate editor for Smalltalk code and some of the best demos we ever gave used it .
One of the “ small program ” projects I tried on an adult class in the Spring of ’ 74 was a one - page paragraph editor .
It turned out to be too complicated , but the example I did to show them was completely modeless ( it was in the air ) and became the basis for much of the Smalltalk text work over the next few years .
Most of the improvements were mde by Dan and Diana Merry .
Of course , objects mean multi-media documents , you almost get them for free .
Early on we realised that in such a document , each component object should handle its own editing chores .
Steve Weyer built some of the earliest multi-media documents , whose range was greatly and variously expanded over the years by Bob Flegal , Diana Merry , Larry Tesler , Tim Mott , and Trygve Reenskaug .
Steve Weyer and I devised Findit , a “ retrival by example ” interface that used the analogy of classes to their instances to form retrieval requests .
This was used for many years by the PARC library to control ciruculation .
The sampling synthese music I had developed on the NOVA col generate 3 high - quality real - time voices .
Bob Shur and Chuck Thacker transfered the scheme to the Interim Dynabook and achieved 12 voices in real - time .
The 256 bit generalized input that we had specified for low speed devices ( used for the mouse and keyboard ) made it easy to connect 154 more to wire up two organ keyboards and a pedal .
Effects such as portamento and decay were programmed .
Ted Kaehler wrote TWANG , a music capture and editing system , using a tablature notation that we devised to make music clear to children [ Kay 1977a ] .
One of the things that was hard to do with sampling was the voltage controlled operator ( VCO ) effects that were popular on the “ Well Tempered Synthesizer . ”
A symmer later , Steve Saunders , another of our bright summer students , was challenged to find a way to accomplish John Chowning ’s very non-real - time FM synthesis in real - time on the ID .
He had to find a completely different way to think of it than “ FM ” , and succeeded brilliantly with 8 real - time voices that were integrated into TWANG [ Saunders * ] .
Chris Jeffers ( who was a musician and educator , not a computer scientist ) knocked us out with OPUS , the first real - time score capturing system .
Unlike most systems today it did not require metronomic playing but instead took a first pass lookng for string and weak beats ( the phrasing ) to establish a local model of the likely temp fluctuations and then used curve fitting and extrapolation to make judgements about just where in the measure , and for what time value , a given note had been struck .
The animmations on the NOVA ran 3 - 5 objects at about 2 - 3 frames per second .
Fast enough for the phi phenomenon to work ( if double buffering was used ) , but we wanted “ Disney rates ” of 10 - 15 frames a second for 10 or more large objects and many more smaller ones .
This task was put into the engenious hands of Steve Purcell .
By the fall of ’73 he could demo 80 ping - pong balls and 10 flying horses running at 10 frames per second in 2 1/2D .
His next task was to make the demo into a general systems facility from which we could construct animation systems .
His CHAOS system started working in May ’ 74 , just in time for summer visitors Ron Baecker , Tom Horseeley , and professional animator Eric Martin to visit and build SHAZAM a marvelously capable and simple animation system based on Ron ’s GENESYS thesis project on the TX - 2 in the late sixties [ Baecker 69 ] .
The main thesis project during this time was DAve Smith ’s PYGMALION [ Smith 75 ] , an essay into iconic programming ( no , we had n’t quite forgotton ) .
One progammed by showing the system how hanges should be made , much as one would illustrate on a balackboard with another programmer .
This programm became the starting place from which many subsequent programming by example ” systems took off .
I should say something about the size of these programs .
PYGMALION was the largest program ever written in Smalltalk - 72 .
It was about 20 pages of code–all that would fit in the interim dynabook ALTO–and is given in full in Smith s thesis .
All of the other applications were smaller .
For example , the SHAZAM animation system was written and revised several times in the summer of 1974 , and finally woulnd up as a 5 - 6 page application which included its icon-controlled multiwindowed user interface .
Given its roots in simulation languages , it was easy to write in a few pages Simpula , a simple version of the SiMULA sequencing set approach to scheduling .
By this time we had decided that coroutines could be more cleanly be rendered by scheduling individual methods as separate simulation phases .
The generic SIMULA example was a job shop .
This could be genearlized into many useful forms such as a hospital with departments of resources serving patients ( see to the right ) .
The children did not care for hosipitals but saw th they could model amusement parks , like Disneyland , their schools , the stores they and their parents shopped in , and so forth .
Later this model formed the basis of the Smalltalk Sim - Kit , a high - level end - user programming enviornment ( described ahead ) .
Many nice “ computer sciency ” constructs were easy to make in Smalltalk - 72 .
For example , one of the controversies of the day was whether to have gotos or not ( we did n’t ) , and if not , how could certain very useful control strcutres–such as multiple exits from a loop–be specified ?
Chuck Zahn at ( until Return or Delete do ( ' character <- display <- keyboard .
character = ret > ( Return ) character = del > ( Delete ) ) then case Return : ( ' deal with this normal exit ' )
Delete : ( ' handle the abnormal exit ' ) )
SLAC proposed an event - driven case structure in which a set of events could be defined so that when an event is encountered , the loop will be exited and the event will select a statement in a cas block [ Zahn 1974 , Knuth 1974 ] .
Suppose we want to write a simple loop that reads characters from the keyboard and outputs them to a display .
We want it to exit normally when the < return > key is struck and with an error if the < delete > key is hit .
Appendix IV shows how John Shoch defined this control structure .
The Evolution of Smalltalk - 72 Smalltalk - 74 ( sometimes known as FastTalk ) was a version of Smalltalk - 72 incorporating major improvements which included providing a real “ messenger ” object , message dictionaries for classes ( a step towards real class objects ) , Diana Merry ’s bitblt ( the now famous 2D graphics operator for bitmap graphics ) redesigned by Dan and implmented in microcode , and a better , more general window interface .
Dave Robson while a student at UC Irvine ha dheard of our project and made a pretty good stab at implementeing an OOPL .
We invited him for a summer and never let him go back–he was a great help in formulating an official semantics for Smalltalk .
The crowning addition was the OOZE ( Object Oriented Zoned Environment ) virtual memory system tat served Samlltalk - 74 , and more importantly , Smalltalk - 76 [ Ing 78 , Kae * ] .
The ALTO was not ver large ( 128-256 K ) , especially with its page0sized display ( 64 k ) , and even with small programs , we soon ran out of storage .
The 2.4 megabyte model 30 desk drive was faster and larger than a floppy and slower and smaller than today ’s hard drives .
It was quite similar to the HP direct contact disk of the FLEX machine on which I had tried a fine - grain version of the B5000 segment swapper .
It had not worked as well as I wanted , despite a few good ideas as to how to choose objects when purging .
When the gang wanted to adopt this baic scheme , I said : “ But I never got it to work well . ” I remember Ted Kaehler saying , “ Dont ’ worry , we ’ll make it work ! ”
The basic idea in all of these systems is to be able to gather the most comprehensive possible working set of objects .
This is most easily accomplished by swapping individual objects .
Now the problem becomes the overhead of purging non-working set objects to make room for the ones that are needed .
( Paging sometimes works better for this part because you can get more than on object ( OOZE ) in each disk touch . )
Two ideas help a lot .
First , Butler ’s insight in the GENTE OS that it was worthwhile to expend a small percentage of tie purging dirty objects to make core as clean as possible [ Lampson 1966 ] .
Thus crashes tend not to hurt as much and there is alwasy clean storage to fetch pages or objects from the disk into .
The other is one from the FLEX system in which I set up a stochastic decision mechanism ( based on the class of an object ) that determined during a purge whether or not to throw an object out .
This had two benefits : important objects tended not to go out , and a mistake would just bring it back in again with the distribution insuring a low probability that the object would be purged again soon .
The other problem that had to be taken care of was object - pointer integrity ( and this is where I had failed in the FLEX machine to come up with a good enough solution ) .
Wht was needed really was a complete transaction , a brand new technique ( thought up by Butler ? ) that ensured recover regardless of when the system crashed .
This was called “ cosmic ray protection ” as the early ALTOS had a way of just crashing once or twice a day for no discernable good reason .
This , by the way did not particularly bother anyone as it was fairly easy to come up with undo anbd replay mechanisms to get around the cosmic rays .
For pointer - based systems that had automatic storage management , this was a bit more tricky .
Ted and Dan decided to control storage using a Resident Object Table that was the only place machine addresses for objects would be found .
Other useful information was stashed there as well to help LRU aging .
Purging was done in background by picking a class , positioning the disk to its instances ( all of a particular class were stored together ) , then running through the ROT to find the dirty ones in storage and stream them out .
This was pretty efficient and , true to Butler ’s insight , furnished a good sized pool of clean storage that could be overwritten .
The key to the design though ( and the implementation of the transaction mechanism ) was the checkpointing scheme they came up with .
This insured that there was a recoverable image no more than a few seconds old , regardless of when a crash ight occur .
OOZE swapped objects in just 80 kb of working storage and could handle about 65 K objects ( up to several megabytes worth , more than enough for the entire system , its interface , and its applications ) .
“ Object - oriented ” Style
This is probably a good place to comment on the difference between what we thought of as OOP - style and the superficial encapsulation called “ abstact data types ” that was just starting to be investigated in academic circles .
Our early “ LISP - pair ” definition is an example of an abstract data type because it preserves the “ field access ” and “ field rebinding ” that is the hallmark of a data structure .
Considerable work in the 60s was concerned with generalizing such strcutures [ DSP * ] .
The “ official ” computer science world started to regard Simula as a possible vehicle for defining abstract data types ( even by one of its inventors [ Dahl 1970 ] ) , and it formed much of the later backbone of ADA .
This led to the ubiquitous stack data - type example in hundreds of papers .
To put it mildly , we were quite amazed at this , since to us , what Simula had whispered was something much stringer than simply reimplementing a weak and ad hoc idea .
What I got from Simula was that you could now replace bindings and assignment with goals .
The last thing you wanted any programmer to do is mess with internal state even if presented figuratively .
Instead , the objects should be presented as site of higher level behaviors more appropriate for use as dynamic components .
Even the way we taught children ( cf. ahead ) reflected this way of looking at objects .
Not too surprisingly this approach has considerable bearing on the ease of programming , the size of the code needed , the integrity of the design , etc .
It is unfortunate that much of what is called “ object - oriented programming ” today is simply old style programming with fancier constructs .
Many programs are loaded with “ assignment - style ” operations now done by more expensive attached procedures .
Where does the special efficiency of object - oriented design come from ?
This is a good question given that it can be viewed as a slightly different way to apply procedures to data - structures .
Part of the effect comes from a much clearer way to represent a complex system .
Here , the constraints are as useful as the generalities .
Four techniques used together –persistent state , polymorphism , instantiation , and methods - as - goals for the object–account for much of the power .
None of these require an “ object - oriented language ” to be employed –ALGOL 68 can almost be turned to this style–and OOPL merely focuses the designer ’s mind in a particular fruitful direction .
However , doing encapsulation right is a commitment not just to abstraction of state , but to eliminate state oriented metaphors from programming .
Perhaps the most important principle–again derived from operating system architectures –is that when you give someone a structure , rarely do you want them to have unlimited priviledges with it .
Just doing type - matching is n’t even close to what ’s needed .
Nor is it terribly useful to have some objects protected and others not .
Make them all first class citizens and protect all .
I believe that the much smaller size of a good OOP system comes not just by being gently forced to come up with a more thought out design .
I think it also has to do with the “ bang per line of code ” you can get with OOP .
The object carries with it a lot of significance and intention , its methods suggest the strongest kinds of goals it can carry out , its superclasses can add up to much more code - frunctionality being invoked than most procedures - on - data - structures .
Assignment statements –even abstract ones –express very low - level goals , and more of them will be needed to get anything done .
Generally , we do n’t want the programmer to be messing around with state , whether simulated or not .
The ability to instantiate an object has a considerable effect on code size as well .
Another way to think of all this is : though the late - binding of automatic storage allocations does n’t do anything a programmer can’t do , its presence leads both to simpler and more powerful code .
OOP is a late binding strategy for many things and all of them together hold off fragility and size explosion much longer than the older methodologies .
In other words , human programmers are n’t Turing machines–and the lesss their programming systems require Turing machine techniques the better .
Smalltalk and Children Now that I have summarized the “ adult ” activities ( we were actually only semiadults ) in Smalltalk up to 1976 , let me return to the summer of ’ 73 , when we were ready to start experiments with children .
None of us knew anything about working with children , but we knew that Adele Goldberg and Steve Weyer who were then with Pat Suppes at Standford had done quite a bit and we were able to entice them to join us .
Since we had no idea how to teach object - oriented programming to children ( or anyone else ) , the first experiments Adele did mimicked LOGO turtle graphics , and she got what appeared to be very similar results .
That is to say , the children could get the turtle to draw pictures on the screen , but there seemed to be little happening beyond surface effects .
At that time I felt that since the content of personal computering was interactive tools , that the content of this new kind of authoring literacy should be the creation of interactive tools by the children .
Procedural turtle graphics just was n’t it .
The Adele came up with a breillian approach to teaching Smalltalk as an object - oriented language : the “ Joe Book . ”
I believe this was partly influneced by Minsky ’s idea that you should teach a programming language holistically from working examples of serious programs .
Several instances of the class box are created and sent messages , culminating with a simple multiprocess animation .
After getting kids to guess what a box might be like–they could come surprisingly close–they would be shown : to box | x y size tilt ( odraw = ( @place x y turn tilt .
square size .
oundraw = ( @ white , SELF draw , @black ) oturn = ( SELF undraw .
' tilt <- tilt + :. SELF draw ) ogrow = ( SELF undraw .
' size <- size + :. SELF draw ) ISNEW = ( SELF undraw .
' size <- size + :.
SELF draw )
What was so wonderful about this idea were the myriad of children ’s projects that could spring off the humble boxes .
And some of the earliest were tools !
This was when we got really excited .
For example , Marion Goldeen ’s ( 12 yrs old ) painting system was a full - fledged tool .
A few yuears later , so was Susan Hamet ’s ( 12 yrs old ) OOP illustration system ( with a design that was like the MacDraw to come ) .
Two more were Bruce Horn ’s ( 15 yrs old ) music score capture system and Steve Ptz ’s ( 15 yrs old ) circuit design system .
Looking back , this could be called another example in computer science of the “ early success syndrome . ”
The successes were real , but they were n’t as general as we thought .
They would n’t extend into the future as stringly as we hoped .
The children were chosen from the Palo Alto schools ( hardly an average background ) and we tended to be much more excited about the successes than the difficulties .
In part , that we were seeing was the “ hack phenomenon , ” that , for any given pursuit , a particular 5 % of the population will jump into it naturally , while the 80 % or so who can learn it in time do not find it at all natural .
We had a dim sense of this , but we kept on having relative successes .
We could definitely see that learning the mechanics of the system was not a major problem the children could get mose of it themsleves by swarming over the ALTOS with Adele ’s JOE book .
The problem seemed more to be that of design .
It started to hit home in the Spring of ’ 74 after I taught Smalltalk to 20 PARC nonprogrammer adults .
They were able to get through the initial material faster than the children , but just as it looked like an overwhelming success was at hand , they started to crash on problems that did n’t look to me to be much harder than the ones they had just been doing well on .
One of them was a project thought up by one of the adults , which was to make a little database system that could act like a card file or rolodex .
They could n’t even come close to programming it .
I was very surprised because I “ klnew ” that such a project was well below the mythical “ two pages ” for end - users we were working within .
That night I worote it out , and the next day I showed all of them how to do it .
Still , none of them were able to do it by themsleves .
Later , I sat in the room poindering the board from my talk .
Finally , I counted the number of nonobvious ideas in this little program .
They came to 17 .
And some of them were like the concept of the arch in building design : very hard to discover , if you do n’t already know them .
The connection to literacy was painfully clear .
It is n’t enough to just learn to read and write .
There is also a literature that renders ideas .
Language is used to read and write about them , but at some point the organization of ideas starts to dominate mre language abilities .
And it help greatly to have some powerful ideas under one ’s belt to better acquire more powerful ideas [ Papert 70s ] .
So , we decided we should teach design .
And Adele came up with another brillian stroke to deal with this .
She decided that what was needed was in intermediary between the vague ideas about the problem and the very detailed writing and debugging that had to be done to get it to run in Smalltalk .
She called the intermediary forms design templates .
Using these the children could look at a situation they wanted to simulate , and decompose it into classes and messages without having to worry just how a method would work .
The method planning could then be done informally in English , and these notes would later serve as commentaries and guides to the writing of the actual code .
This was a terrific idea , and it worked very well .
But not enough to satisfy us .
As Adele liked to point out , it is hard to claim success if only some of the children are successful–and if a mximum effort of both children and teachers was required to get the successes to happen .
REal pedagogy has to work in much less idealistic settings and be consderably more robust .
Still , some successes are qualitatively different from no successes .
We wanted more , and started to push on the inheritence idea as a way to let novices build on frameworks that could only be designed by experts .
We had good reason to believe that this could work because we had been impressed by Lisa vanStone ’s ability to make significant changes to SHAZAM ( the fix or six page Smalltalk animation tool done by relatively expert adults ) .
Unfortunately , inerhitence –though an incredibly powerful technique –has turned out to be very difficult for novices ( and even professionals ) to deal with .
AT this point , let me do a look back from the vantage point of today .
I ’m now pretty much convinced that our design template approach was a good one after all .
We just did n’t apply it longitudinally enough .
I mean by this that there is now a large accumulation of results from many attempts to teach novices programming [ Soloway 1989 ] .
They all have similar stor
IN THE BEGINNING THERE WAS 0 .
AND THEN THERE WAS 1 .
A MIND - BENDING MEDITATION ON THE TRANSCENDENT POWER OF DIGITAL COMPUTATION .
At today 's rates of compression , you could download the entire 3 billion digits of your DNA onto about four CDs .
That 3 - gigabyte genome sequence represents the prime coding information of a human body — your life as numbers .
Biology , that pulsating mass of plant and animal flesh , is conceived by science today as an information process .
As computers keep shrinking , we can imagine our complex bodies being numerically condensed to the size of two tiny cells .
These micro-memory devices are called the egg and sperm .
They are packed with information .
Alex Ostroy
That life might be information , as biologists propose , is far more intuitive than the corresponding idea that hard matter is information as well .
When we bang a knee against a table leg , it sure does n't feel like we knocked into information .
But that 's the idea many physicists are formulating .
The spooky nature of material things is not new .
Once science examined matter below the level of fleeting quarks and muons , it knew the world was incorporeal .
What could be less substantial than a realm built out of waves of quantum probabilities ?
And what could be weirder ?
Digital physics is both .
It suggests that those strange and insubstantial quantum wavicles , along with everything else in the universe , are themselves made of nothing but 1s and 0s .
The physical world itself is digital .
The scientist John Archibald Wheeler ( coiner of the term " black hole " ) was onto this in the ' 80s .
He claimed that , fundamentally , atoms are made up of of bits of information .
As he put it in a 1989 lecture , " Its are from bits . "
He elaborated : " Every it — every particle , every field of force , even the space - time continuum itself — derives its function , its meaning , its very existence entirely from binary choices , bits .
What we call reality arises in the last analysis from the posing of yes / no questions . "
To get a sense of the challenge of describing physics as a software program , picture three atoms : two hydrogen and one oxygen .
Put on the magic glasses of digital physics and watch as the three atoms bind together to form a water molecule .
As they merge , each seems to be calculating the optimal angle and distance at which to attach itself to the others .
The oxygen atom uses yes / no decisions to evaluate all possible courses toward the hydrogen atom , then usually selects the optimal 104.45 degrees by moving toward the other hydrogen at that very angle .
Every chemical bond is thus calculated .
If this sounds like a simulation of physics , then you understand perfectly , because in a world made up of bits , physics is exactly the same as a simulation of physics .
There 's no difference in kind , just in degree of exactness .
In the movie The Matrix , simulations are so good you can't tell if you 're in one .
In a universe run on bits , everything is a simulation .
An ultimate simulation needs an ultimate computer , and the new science of digitalism says that the universe itself is the ultimate computer — actually the only computer .
Further , it says , all the computation of the human world , especially our puny little PCs , merely piggybacks on cycles of the great computer .
Weaving together the esoteric teachings of quantum physics with the latest theories in computer science , pioneering digital thinkers are outlining a way of understanding all of physics as a form of computation .
From this perspective , computation seems almost a theological process .
It takes as its fodder the primeval choice between yes or no , the fundamental state of 1 or 0 .
After stripping away all externalities , all material embellishments , what remains is the purest state of existence : here / not here .
Am / not am .
In the Old Testament , when Moses asks the Creator , " Who are you ? " the being says , in effect , " Am . "
One bit .
One almighty bit .
Yes .
One . Exist .
It is the simplest statement possible .
All creation , from this perch , is made from this irreducible foundation .
Every mountain , every star , the smallest salamander or woodland tick , each thought in our mind , each flight of a ball is but a web of elemental yes / nos woven together .
If the theory of digital physics holds up , movement ( f = ma ) , energy ( E = mc² ) , gravity , dark matter , and antimatter can all be explained by elaborate programs of 1/0 decisions .
Bits can be seen as a digital version of the " atoms " of classical Greece : the tiniest constituent of existence .
But these new digital atoms are the basis not only of matter , as the Greeks thought , but of energy , motion , mind , and life .
From this perspective , computation , which juggles and manipulates these primal bits , is a silent reckoning that uses a small amount of energy to rearrange symbols .
And its result is a signal that makes a difference — a difference that can be felt as a bruised knee .
The input of computation is energy and information ; the output is order , structure , extropy .
Our awakening to the true power of computation rests on two suspicions .
The first is that computation can describe all things .
To date , computer scientists have been able to encapsulate every logical argument , scientific equation , and literary work that we know about into the basic notation of computation .
Now , with the advent of digital signal processing , we can capture video , music , and art in the same form .
Even emotion is not immune .
Researchers Cynthia Breazeal at MIT and Charles Guerin and Albert Mehrabian in Quebec have built Kismet and EMIR ( Emotional Model for Intelligent Response ) , two systems that exhibit primitive feelings .
The second supposition is that all things can compute .
We have begun to see that almost any kind of material can serve as a computer .
Human brains , which are mostly water , compute fairly well .
( The first " calculators " were clerical workers figuring mathematical tables by hand . )
So can sticks and strings .
In 1975 , as an undergraduate student , engineer Danny Hillis constructed a digital computer out of skinny Tinkertoys .
In 2000 , Hillis designed a digital computer made of only steel and tungsten that is indirectly powered by human muscle .
This slow - moving device turns a clock intended to tick for 10,000 years .
He has n't made a computer with pipes and pumps , but , he says , he could .
Recently , scientists have used both quantum particles and minute strands of DNA to perform computations .
A third postulate ties the first two together into a remarkable new view :
All computation is one .
In 1937 , Alan Turing , Alonso Church , and Emil Post worked out the logical underpinnings of useful computers .
They called the most basic loop — which has become the foundation of all working computers — a finite - state machine .
Based on their analysis of the finite - state machine , Turing and Church proved a theorem now bearing their names .
Their conjecture states that any computation executed by one finite - state machine , writing on an infinite tape ( known later as a Turing machine ) , can be done by any other finite - state machine on an infinite tape , no matter what its configuration .
In other words , all computation is equivalent .
They called this universal computation .
When John von Neumann and others jump - started the first electronic computers in the 1950s , they immediately began extending the laws of computation away from math proofs and into the natural world .
They tentatively applied the laws of loops and cybernetics to ecology , culture , families , weather , and biological systems .
Evolution and learning , they declared , were types of computation .
Nature computed .
If nature computed , why not the entire universe ?
The first to put down on paper the outrageous idea of a universe - wide computer was science fiction writer Isaac Asimov .
In his 1956 short story " The Last Question , " humans create a computer smart enough to bootstrap new computers smarter than itself .
These analytical engines recursively grow super smarter and super bigger until they act as a single giant computer filling the universe .
At each stage of development , humans ask the mighty machine if it knows how to reverse entropy .
Each time it answers : " Insufficient data for a meaningful reply . "
The story ends when human minds merge into the ultimate computer mind , which takes over the entire mass and energy of the universe .
Then the universal computer figures out how to reverse entropy and create a universe .
Such a wacky idea was primed to be spoofed , and that 's what Douglas Adams did when he wrote The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
In Adams ' story the earth is a computer , and to the world 's last question it gives the answer : 42 .
Few ideas are so preposterous that no one at all takes them seriously , and this idea — that God , or at least the universe , might be the ultimate large - scale computer — is actually less preposterous than most .
The first scientist to consider it , minus the whimsy or irony , was Konrad Zuse , a little - known German who conceived of programmable digital computers 10 years before von Neumann and friends .
In 1967 , Zuse outlined his idea that the universe ran on a grid of cellular automata , or CA .
Simultaneously , Ed Fredkin was considering the same idea .
Self - educated , opinionated , and independently wealthy , Fredkin hung around early computer scientists exploring CAs .
In the 1960s , he began to wonder if he could use computation as the basis for an understanding of physics .
Fredkin did n't make much headway until 1970 , when mathematician John Conway unveiled the Game of Life , a particularly robust version of cellular automata .
The Game of Life , as its name suggests , was a simple computational model that mimicked the growth and evolution of living things .
Fredkin began to play with other CAs to see if they could mimic physics .
You needed very large ones , but they seemed to scale up nicely , so he was soon fantasizing huge — really huge —
CAs that would extend to include everything .
Maybe the universe itself was nothing but a great CA .
The more Fredkin investigated the metaphor , the more real it looked to him .
By the mid-'80s , he was saying things like , " I 've come to the conclusion that the most concrete thing in the world is information . "
Many of his colleagues felt that if Fredkin had left his observations at the level of metaphor — " the universe behaves as if it was a computer " — he would have been more famous .
As it is , Fredkin is not as well known as his colleague Marvin Minsky , who shares some of his views .
Fredkin insisted , flouting moderation , that the universe is a large field of cellular automata , not merely like one , and that everything we see and feel is information .
Many others besides Fredkin recognized the beauty of CAs as a model for investigating the real world .
One of the early explorers was the prodigy Stephen Wolfram .
Wolfram took the lead in systematically investigating possible CA structures in the early 1980s .
By programmatically tweaking the rules in tens of thousands of alterations , then running them out and visually inspecting them , he acquired a sense of what was possible .
He was able to generate patterns identical to those seen in seashells , animal skins , leaves , and sea creatures .
His simple rules could generate a wildly complicated beauty , just as life could .
Wolfram was working from the same inspiration that Fredkin did :
The universe seems to behave like a vast cellular automaton .
Even the infinitesimally small and nutty realm of the quantum can't escape this sort of binary logic .
We describe a quantum - level particle 's existence as a continuous field of probabilities , which seems to blur the sharp distinction of is / is n't .
Yet this uncertainty resolves as soon as information makes a difference ( as in , as soon as it's measured ) .
At that moment , all other possibilities collapse to leave only the single yes / no state .
Indeed , the very term " quantum " suggests an indefinite realm constantly resolving into discrete increments , precise yes / no states .
For years , Wolfram explored the notion of universal computation in earnest ( and in secret ) while he built a business selling his popular software Mathematica .
So convinced was he of the benefits of looking at the world as a gigantic Turing machine that he penned a 1,200 - page magnum opus he modestly calls A New Kind of Science .
Self - published in 2002 , the book reinterprets nearly every field of science in terms of computation : " All processes , whether they are produced by human effort or occur spontaneously in nature , can be viewed as computation . "
( See " The Man Who Cracked the Code to Everything , " Wired 10.6 . )
Wolfram 's key advance , however , is more subtly brilliant , and depends on the old Turing - Church hypothesis :
All finite - state machines are equivalent .
One computer can do anything another can do .
This is why your Mac can , with proper software , pretend to be a PC or , with sufficient memory , a slow supercomputer .
Wolfram demonstrates that the outputs of this universal computation are also computationally equivalent .
Your brain and the physics of a cup being filled with water are equivalent , he says : for your mind to compute a thought and the universe to compute water particles falling , both require the same universal process .
If , as Fredkin and Wolfram suggest , all movement , all actions , all nouns , all functions , all states , all we see , hear , measure , and feel are various elaborate cathedrals built out of this single ubiquitous process , then the foundations of our knowledge are in for a galactic - scale revisioning in the coming decades .
Already , the dream of devising a computational explanation for gravity , the speed of light , muons , Higgs bosons , momentum , and molecules has become the holy grail of theoretical physics .
It would be a unified explanation of physics ( digital physics ) , relativity ( digital relativity ) , evolution ( digital evolution and life ) , quantum mechanics , and computation itself , and at the bottom of it all would be squirming piles of the universal elements : loops of yes / no bits .
Ed Fredkin has been busy honing his idea of digital physics and is completing a book called Digital Mechanics .
Others , including Oxford theoretical physicist David Deutsch , are working on the same problem .
Deutsch wants to go beyond physics and weave together four golden threads — epistemology , physics , evolutionary theory , and quantum computing — to produce what is unashamedly referred to by researchers as the Theory of Everything .
Based on the primitives of quantum computation , it would swallow all other theories .
Any large computer these days can emulate a computer of some other design .
You have Dell computers running Amigas .
The Amigas , could , if anyone wanted them to , run Commodores .
There is no end to how many nested worlds can be built .
So imagine what a universal computer might do .
If you had a universally equivalent engine , you could pop it in anywhere , including inside the inside of something else .
And if you had a universe - sized computer , it could run all kinds of recursive worlds ; it could , for instance , simulate an entire galaxy .
If smaller worlds have smaller worlds running within them , however , there has to be a platform that runs the first among them .
If the universe is a computer , where is it running ?
Fredkin says that all this work happens on the " Other . "
The Other , he says , could be another universe , another dimension , another something .
It 's just not in this universe , and so he does n't care too much about it .
In other words , he punts .
David Deutsch has a different theory .
" The universality of computation is the most profound thing in the universe , " he says .
Since computation is absolutely independent of the " hardware " it runs on , studying it can tell us nothing about the nature or existence of that platform .
Deutsch concludes it does not exist : " The universe is not a program running somewhere else .
It is a universal computer , and there is nothing outside of it . "
Strangely , nearly every mapper of this new digitalism foresees human - made computers taking over the natural universal computer .
This is in part because they see nothing to stop the rapid expansion of computation , and in part because — well — why not ?
But if the entire universe is computing , why build our own expensive machines , especially when chip fabs cost several billion dollars to construct ?
Tommaso Toffoli , a quantum computer researcher , puts it best : " In a sense , nature has been continually computing the ' next state ' of the universe for billions of years ; all we have to do — and , actually , all we can do — is ' hitch a ride ' on this huge , ongoing Great Computation . "
In a June 2002 article published in the Physical Review Letters , MIT professor Seth Lloyd posed this question :
If the universe was a computer , how powerful would it be ?
By analyzing the computing potential of quantum particles , he calculated the upper limit of how much computing power the entire universe ( as we know it ) has contained since the beginning of time .
It 's a large number : 10 ^120 logical operations .
There are two interpretations of this number .
One is that it represents the performance " specs " of the ultimate computer .
The other is that it 's the amount required to simulate the universe on a quantum computer .
Both statements illustrate the tautological nature of a digital universe : Every computer is the computer .
Continuing in this vein , Lloyd estimated the total amount of computation that has been accomplished by all human - made computers that have ever run .
He came up with 10^31 ops .
( Because of the fantastic doubling of Moore 's law , over half of this total was produced in the past two years ! )
He then tallied up the total energy - matter available in the known universe and divided that by the total energy - matter of human computers expanding at the rate of Moore 's law .
" We need 300 Moore 's law doublings , or 600 years at one doubling every two years , " he figures , " before all the available energy in the universe is taken up in computing .
Of course , if one takes the perspective that the universe is already essentially performing a computation , then we do n't have to wait at all .
In this case , we may just have to wait for 600 years until the universe is running Windows or Linux . "
The relative nearness of 600 years says more about exponential increases than it does about computers .
Neither Lloyd nor any other scientist mentioned here realistically expects a second universal computer in 600 years .
But what Lloyd 's calculation proves is that over the long term , there is nothing theoretical to stop the expansion of computers .
" In the end , the whole of space and its contents will be the computer .
The universe will in the end consist , literally , of intelligent thought processes , " David Deutsch proclaims in Fabric of Reality .
These assertions echo those of the physicist Freeman Dyson , who also sees minds — amplified by computers — expanding into the cosmos " infinite in all directions . "
Yet while there is no theoretical hitch to an ever - expanding computer matrix that may in the end resemble Asimov 's universal machine , no one wants to see themselves as someone else 's program running on someone else 's computer .
Put that way , life seems a bit secondhand .
Yet the notion that our existence is derived , like a string of bits , is an old and familiar one .
Central to the evolution of Western civilization from its early Hellenistic roots has been the notion of logic , abstraction , and disembodied information .
The saintly Christian guru John writes from Greece in the first century : " In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God . "
Charles Babbage , credited with constructing the first computer in 1832 , saw the world as one gigantic instantiation of a calculating machine , hammered out of brass by God .
He argued that in this heavenly computer universe , miracles were accomplished by divinely altering the rules of computation .
Even miracles were logical bits , manipulated by God .
There 's still confusion .
Is God the Word itself , the Ultimate Software and Source Code , or is God the Ultimate Programmer ?
Or is God the necessary Other , the off - universe platform where this universe is computed ?
But each of these three possibilities has at its root the mystical doctrine of universal computation .
Somehow , according to digitalism , we are linked to one another , all beings alive and inert , because we share , as John Wheeler said , " at the bottom — at a very deep bottom , in most instances — an immaterial source . "
This commonality , spoken of by mystics of many beliefs in different terms , also has a scientific name : computation .
Bits — minute logical atoms , spiritual in form — amass into quantum quarks and gravity waves , raw thoughts and rapid motions .
The computation of these bits is a precise , definable , yet invisible process that is immaterial yet produces matter .
" Computation is a process that is perhaps the process , " says Danny Hillis , whose new book , The Pattern on the Stone , explains the formidable nature of computation .
" It has an almost mystical character because it seems to have some deep relationship to the underlying order of the universe .
Exactly what that relationship is , we can not say .
At least for now . "
Probably the trippiest science book ever written is The Physics of Immortality , by Frank Tipler .
If this book was labeled standard science fiction , no one would notice , but Tipler is a reputable physicist and Tulane University professor who writes papers for the International Journal of Theoretical Physics .
In Immortality , he uses current understandings of cosmology and computation to declare that all living beings will be bodily resurrected after the universe dies .
His argument runs roughly as follows :
As the universe collapses upon itself in the last minutes of time , the final space - time singularity creates ( just once ) infinite energy and computing capacity .
In other words , as the giant universal computer keeps shrinking in size , its power increases to the point at which it can simulate precisely the entire historical universe , past and present and possible .
He calls this state the Omega Point .
It is a computational space that can resurrect " from the dead " all the minds and bodies that have ever lived .
The weird thing is that Tipler was an atheist when he developed this theory and discounted as mere " coincidence " the parallels between his ideas and the Christian doctrine of Heavenly Resurrection .
Since then , he says , science has convinced him that the two may be identical .
While not everyone goes along with Tipler 's eschatological speculations , theorists like Deutsch endorse his physics .
An Omega Computer is possible and probably likely , they say .
I asked Tipler which side of the Fredkin gap he is on .
Does he go along with the weak version of the ultimate computer , the metaphorical one , that says the universe only seems like a computer ?
Or does he embrace Fredkin 's strong version , that the universe is a 12 billion - year - old computer and we are the killer app ?
" I regard the two statements as equivalent , " he answered .
" If the universe in all ways acts as if it was a computer , then what meaning could there be in saying that it is not a computer ? "
Only hubris .
