( Obligatory " That 'll buff out " statement )
That is simply amazing .
30 years ago they would 've been picking pieces of his body off the track , not the car .
The best part is at 1:05 when Hunter - Reay goes " OMGWTFHOLYF *** " as Conway 's car mounts his , and second place is at :58 when somebody else 's camera gets juiced .
What was that yellow car doing ?
It was n't anywhere near the wreck and it just immediately turned right into the inboard wall lol .
Disclaimer : I 'm in Iraq , and did n't get to watch the race .
Boo !
Greetings to the New Season : CBS – UPDATED
Finally , things are starting to get interesting .
CBS has released its schedule for Fall 2010 , and , wow , talk about shaking things up .
Thursday nights were already wreaking havoc on my viewing schedule , and now it ’s only going to get worse .
Check out what the network has done , see what they ’ve added to their line - up ( including behind - the - scenes videos ) , and be sure to leave your comments below !
MONDAY
8 – 8:30 PM : How I Met Your Mother
8:30 – 9 PM : Rules of Engagement
9 – 9:30 PM : Two and a Half Men
9:30 – 10 PM : Mike & Molly : a comedy from Chuck Lorre ( “ Two and a Half Men , ” and “ The Big Bang Theory ” ) about a working class Chicago couple who find love at an Overeaters Anonymous meeting .
Officer Mike Biggs ( Billy Gardell ) is a good - hearted cop who sincerely wants to lose weight .
Mike ’s partner , Officer Carl McMillan ( Reno Wilson ) , is a thin , fast - talking wise - guy , who despite his teasing encourages Mike on his road to slimness and romance .
While speaking at an O.A. meeting , Mike meets Molly Flynn ( Melissa McCarthy ) , an instantly likeable fourth - grade teacher with a healthy sense of humor about her curves .
For Molly , focusing on smart choices is n’t easy because she lives with her sexy older sister , Victoria ( Katy Mixon ) , and their mother , Joyce ( Swoosie Kurtz ) , both of whom flaunt their healthy appetites and slender figures .
Mike also faces temptation at the diner he and Carl frequent , where they ’ve become friends with the Senegalese waiter , Samuel ( Nyambi Nyambi ) , who finds trying to eat less a foreign concept .
For Mike and Molly , thanks to their mutual love of pie and the desire to resist it , finding each other may have been worth the “ weight . ”
Chuck Lorre and Mark Roberts are executive producers .
10 – 11 PM : Hawaii Five - 0 : a contemporary take on the classic series about a new elite federalized task force whose mission is to wipe out the crime that washes up on the Islands ’ sun-drenched beaches .
Detective Steve McGarrett ( Alex O’Loughlin ) , a decorated Naval officer turned cop , returns to Oahu to investigate his father ’s murder and stays after Hawaii ’s governor persuades him to head up the new team : his rules , her backing , no red tape and full blanket immunity to hunt down the biggest “ game ” in town .
Joining McGarrett is Detective Danny “ Danno ” Williams ( Scott Caan ) , a newly relocated ex-New Jersey cop who prefers skyscrapers to the coastline but is committed to keeping the Islands safe for his 8 - year - old daughter ; and Chin Ho Kelly ( Daniel Dae Kim ) , an ex-Honolulu Police Detective wrongly accused of corruption and relegated to a federal security patrol , who is also a former protégé of McGarrett ’s father .
Chin ’s cousin , Kono ( Grace Park ) , is a beautiful and fearless native , fresh out of the academy and eager to establish herself among the department ’s elite .
McGarrett vows to bring closure to his father ’s case while the state ’s brash new FIVE - 0 unit , who may spar and jest among themselves , is determined to eliminate the seedy elements from the 50th state .
Peter Lenkov , Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci are executive producers .
TUESDAY
8 – 9 PM : NCIS
9 – 10 PM : NCIS : Los Angeles
10 – 11 PM : The Good Wife
WEDNESDAY
8 – 9 PM : Survivor
9 – 10 PM : Criminal Minds
10 – 11 PM : The Defenders : Jim Belushi and Jerry O’Connell star in a comedic drama about two colorful Las Vegas defense attorneys who go all - in when it comes to representing their clients .
Nick and Pete are the local go - to guys with an eclectic client list who are still looking to hit their own jackpot .
Leading the law firm of Morelli & Kaczmarek are Nick Morelli ( Belushi ) , an earnest , hard - charging attorney who represents his clients to the best of his ability , no matter how big or small the case , and his partner , Pete Kaczmarek ( O’Connell ) , whose passion for the law is matched only by his love of fast cars , beautiful women and expensive clothes .
Joining them in their growing law practice is new associate Lisa Tyler ( Jurnee Smollett ) , an enthusiastic young attorney looking to put her exotic dancing days behind her ; and their young assistant , Sophie ( Tanya Fischer ) , a spunky and sweet ingénue who is eager to please her bosses .
As Lady Luck shines on their legal careers , the partners have their hands full when it comes to their personal lives .
While Pete is busy cruising the Vegas Strip for his latest romantic conquest , Nick is focused on repairing his fractured marriage to his estranged wife , Jessica ( Gillian Vigman ) , while remaining present in the life of their young son .
No matter the offense , Nick and Pete aim to prove that when the stakes are high they ’re willing to bet the house on the clients they defend in Sin City .
Carol Mendelsohn , Niels Mueller and Kevin Kennedy , Joe and Harry Gantz , and Davis Guggenheim are the executive producers .
THURSDAY
8 – 8:30 PM : The Big Bang Theory
8:30 – 9 PM : $#*!
My Dad Says
Based on the popular Twitter feed by Justin Halpern , this comedy stars Emmy Award winner William Shatner as Ed Goodson , a forthright and opinionated dad who relishes expressing his unsolicited and often wildly politically incorrect observations to anyone within earshot .
Nobody is immune from Ed ’s rants , including his sons , Henry , a struggling writer - turned - unpaid blogger ; and Vince ( Will Sasso ) , the meek half of his husband / wife real estate duo with domineering Kathleen ( Nicole Sullivan ) .
When Henry finds he can no longer afford to pay rent to his pretty roommate — and secret admirer — Sam ( Stephanie Lemelin ) , Ed reveals a soft spot and invites
Henry to move in with him .
Henry agrees , knowing that the verbal assault will not abate and now there will be no escape .
Describing their father / son relationship is tricky – but Ed will easily come up with a few choice words .
Emmy Award winners David Kohan and Max Mutchnick are executive producers .
Emmy Award winner James Burrows directed .
9 -10 PM : CSI : Crime Scene Investigation
10 – 11 PM : The Mentalist
FRIDAY
8 – 9 PM : Medium
9 – 10 PM : CSI : NY
10 – 11 PM : Blue Bloods : a drama about a multi-generational family of cops dedicated to New York City law enforcement .
Frank Reagan ( Tom Selleck ) is the New York Chief of Police and patriarch of the Reagan brood , which he heads as diplomatically as he does the force , even when dealing with the politics that plagued his unapologetically bold father , Henry ( Len Cariou ) , during his stint as Chief .
A source of pride and concern for Frank is his eldest son Danny ( Donnie Wahlberg ) , a seasoned detective , family man and Iraqi War vet who on occasion uses dubious tactics to solve cases .
The sole Reagan woman in the family , Erin ( Bridget Moynahan ) , is a N.Y. Assistant D.A. and newly single parent , who also serves as the legal compass for her siblings and father .
Jamie ( Will Estes ) is the youngest Reagan , fresh out of Harvard Law and the family ’s “ golden boy . ”
However , unable to deny the family tradition , Jamie decided to give up a lucrative future in law and is now a newly minted cop , a career change seemingly supported by his beautiful girlfriend , Sydney Davenport ( Dylan Moore ) , a first year lawyer .
Jamie ’s life takes an abrupt turn , however , when he ’s asked to become part of a clandestine police investigation even his father knows nothing about , and one that could impact the family ’s legacy .
Emmy Award winners Mitchell Burgess , Robin Green and Leonard Goldberg are executive producers .
SATURDAY
8 – 10 PM : Crimetime Saturday
10 – 11 PM : 48 Hours Mystery
SUNDAY
7 – 8 PM : 60 Minutes
8 – 9 PM : The Amazing Race
9 – 10 PM : Undercover Boss
10 – 11 PM : CSI : Miami
Canceled :
* Accidentally on Purpose
* Cold Case
* Gary Unmarried
* Ghost Whisperer
* Miami Medical
* The New Adventures of Old Christine
* Numb3rs
New at midseason :
* Still - untitled Criminal Minds spin-off : Academy Award - winner Forest
Whitaker stars in a drama about an elite team of agents within the FBI ’s Behavioral Analysis Unit who use unconventional methods of investigation and aggressive tactics to capture the nation ’s most nefarious criminals .
Unit chief Special Agent Sam Cooper ( Whitaker ) is a mentally and physically fierce natural leader who is not afraid to put his career on the line in order to stand by his convictions .
Cooper strives to avoid political bureaucracy and has handpicked an eclectic group of profilers to work outside the confines of Quantico : Former British Special Forces soldier Mick Rawson ( Matt Ryan ) , confident and handsome , works as a highly - skilled marksman with an undiluted eye for rooting out evil ; John “ Prophet ” Sims ( Michael Kelly ) , a former convict with a street - smart edge and a calm , Zen - like presence , who is determined to make amends for past sins ; and Gina LaSalle ( Beau Garrett ) , an attractive , tough agent armed with a cunning sense of perception .
This exceptional group of FBI operatives is strong in their beliefs and steadfast in their mission to bring the country ’s most dangerous criminals to justice .
Chris Mundy , Edward Allen Bernero , Mark Gordon and Deborah Spera are executive producers .
Audiovisual performance using five Commodore CBM 8032 desktop computers from 1980 .
Works for Wave Field Synthesis , 2013
Find the Perfect Getaway
Welcome to GuestQuest , your trusted resource for the best family vacations , off the beaten path getaways , weekend trips , accommodations , attractions , events and more .
Browse our featured destinations and upcoming events or use the menu to explore additional destinations , events , and things to do in order to craft your perfect getaway .
Be sure to test your luck by entering our contests for your chance to win one of our getaway giveaways or request additional information to help you plan your trip .
Clojure is written in terms of abstractions .
There are abstractions for sequences , collections , callability , etc .
In addition , Clojure supplies many implementations of these abstractions .
The abstractions are specified by host interfaces , and the implementations by host classes .
While this was sufficient for bootstrapping the language , it left Clojure without similar abstraction and low - level implementation facilities .
The protocols and datatypes features add powerful and flexible mechanisms for abstraction and data structure definition with no compromises vs the facilities of the host platform .
There are several motivations for protocols :
Support the 90 % case of multimethods ( single dispatch on type ) while providing higher - level abstraction / organization
do so without wrappers / adapters
Avoid the ' expression problem ' by allowing independent extension of the set of types , protocols , and implementations of protocols on types , by different parties
implementing an interface creates an isa / instanceof type relationship and hierarchy
Which interfaces are implemented is a design - time choice of the type author , cannot be extended later ( although interface injection might eventually address this )
While avoiding some of the drawbacks
Support the best parts of interfaces
Provide a high - performance , dynamic polymorphism construct as an alternative to interfaces
Basics
A protocol is a named set of named methods and their signatures , defined using defprotocol :
( defprotocol AProtocol " A doc string for AProtocol abstraction " ( bar [ a b ] " bar docs " ) ( baz [ a ] [ a b ] [ a b c ] " baz docs " ) )
No implementations are provided
Docs can be specified for the protocol and the functions
The above yields a set of polymorphic functions and a protocol object all are namespace - qualified by the namespace enclosing the definition
The resulting functions dispatch on the type of their first argument , and thus must have at least one argument
defprotocol is dynamic , and does not require AOT compilation
defprotocol will automatically generate a corresponding interface , with the same name as the protocol , e.g. given a protocol my .
ns / Protocol , an interface my.ns. Protocol .
The interface will have methods corresponding to the protocol functions , and the protocol will automatically work with instances of the interface .
Note that you do not need to use this interface with deftype , defrecord , or reify , as they support protocols directly :
( defprotocol P ( foo [ x ] ) ( bar - me [ x ] [ x y ] ) ) ( deftype Foo [ a b c ] P ( foo [ x ] a ) ( bar - me [ x ] b ) ( bar - me [ x y ] (+ c y ) ) ) ( bar -me ( Foo. 1 2 3 ) 42 ) = > 45 ( foo ( let [ x 42 ] ( reify P ( foo [ this ] 17 ) ( bar - me [ this ] x ) ( bar - me [ this y ] x ) ) ) ) > 17
A Java client looking to participate in the protocol can do so most efficiently by implementing the protocol - generated interface .
External implementations of the protocol ( which are needed when you want a class or type not in your control to participate in the protocol ) can be provided using the extend construct :
( extend AType AProtocol {: foo an - existing - fn : bar ( fn [ a b ] ... ) : baz ( fn ( [ a ] ... ) ( [ a b ] ... ) ... ) } BProtocol {...} ...)
extend takes a type / class ( or interface , see below ) , a one or more protocol + function map ( evaluated ) pairs .
Will extend the polymorphism of the protocol ’s methods to call the supplied functions when an AType is provided as the first argument
Function maps are maps of the keywordized method names to ordinary fns this facilitates easy reuse of existing fns and maps , for code reuse / mixins without derivation or composition
You can implement a protocol on an interface this is primarily to facilitate interop with the host ( e.g. Java ) but opens the door to incidental multiple inheritance of implementation since a class can inherit from more than one interface , both of which implement the protocol if one interface is derived from the other , the more derived is used , else which one is used is unspecified .
The implementing fn can presume first argument is instanceof AType
You can implement a protocol on nil
To define a default implementation of protocol ( for other than nil ) just use Object
Protocols are fully reified and support reflective capabilities via extends ? , extenders , and satisfies ? .
Note the convenience macros extend - type and extend - protocol
If you are providing external definitions inline , these will be more convenient than using extend directly
“ If one takes care of the means , the end will take care of itself . ”
- Gandhi
Statement of Purpose : Voluntaryists are advocates of non-political , non-violent strategies to achieve a free society .
We reject electoral politics , in theory and in practice , as incompatible with libertarian principles .
Governments must cloak their actions in an aura of moral legitimacy in order to sustain their power , and political methods invariably strengthen that legitimacy .
Voluntaryists seek instead to delegitimize the State through education , and we advocate withdrawal of the cooperation and tacit consent on which State power ultimately depends .
WWW Voluntaryist.com
WE ARE NOT TAX EXEMPT
As you view our website , please remember that it is a labor of love and search for the truth .
If you find anything of value here , please let us know by clicking on the Support Us button below .
Your gifts to our work are not tax - deductible .
Our efforts are bound by conscience and goodwill , not government regulation or political privilege .
We refuse to be numbered or supervised by any government agency .
Join our Email Group
Request Notification of when Newsletters Are Posted
The voluntaryist email group is an occasional forum for announcements , short articles , and other items of interest to voluntaryists .
If you would like to join our email group and receive notification when a new issue of our newsletter is posted , click the button below .
All back issues of our newsletter are archived digitally with free access .
Download the most recent issue ,
The voluntaryist email group is an occasional forum for announcements , short articles , and other items of interest to voluntaryists .
If you would like to join our email group and receive notification when a new issue of our newsletter is posted , click the button below .
All back issues of our newsletter are archived digitally with free access .
Download the most recent issue , Issue 197
THE VOLUNTARYIST NEWSLETTER
The Voluntaryist has been published continuously since October 1982 .
Each issue has been archived and can be found by accessing our Table of Contents .
Click here for Subscription and Back Issue information .
The Voluntaryist has been published continuously since October 1982 .
Each issue has been archived and can be found by accessing our Table of Contents .
I MUST SPEAK OUT , a book - length anthology of articles from the first one hundred issues is available here or may be ordered via our BOOKS page .
In addition .
flash drives of Issues 1-190 may be ordered for $ 150 each postpaid , and complete hard copy sets of Issues 1 – 190 are for sale for $ 200 + postage .
Plans are underway for Volume II of I MUST SPEAK OUT , which will collect the best articles from Issue 101 forward .
Please email editor at voluntaryist.com if you are interested in assisting with this project .
THE VOLUNTARYIST COLLECTION
Carl Watner , long - time libertarian and proponent of a voluntary society based on private property , donated over 175 titles from his personal library to The Mises Institute ’s Ward and Massey Libraries .
The collection is dedicated to the literature of the voluntaryists , past and present .
The collection includes a rare first edition of The Collected Works of Lysander Spooner ( six volumes ) .
To make it more special , Rothbard signed volume I , along with George Smith , Leonard Liggio , Joe Peden , Mike Coughlin , Charles Shively ( editor of the series ) , Daniel Siegel , Wendy McElroy , Chuck Hamilton , John Mueller , and Bob LeFevre .
Quote of the Day
“ Where you want to go is more important than where you have been . ”
- Peter Ragnar
As someone who 's so sensitive to VOCs , I can't even stand being in the same room with the stuff , I 'm getting sick just reading about it .
The administration has given them 24 hours to come up with a less toxic dispersant , but how much damage has this giant corporation already gotten away with ?
LAFITTE , La. --
More and more stories about sick fishermen are beginning to surface after the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The fishermen are working out in the Gulf -- many of them all day , every day -- to clean up the spill .
They said they blame their ailments on the chemicals that BP is using .
One fisherman said he felt like he was going to die over the weekend .
" I 've been coughing up stuff , " Gary Burris said .
" Your lungs fill up . "
Burris , a longtime fisherman who has worked across the Gulf Coast , said he woke up Sunday night feeling drugged and disoriented .
" It was like sniffing gasoline or something , and my ears are still popping , " Burris said .
" I 'm coughing up stuff .
I feel real weak , tingling feelings . "
Marine toxicologist Riki
Ott said the chemicals used by BP can wreak havoc on a person 's body and even lead to death .
" The volatile , organic carbons , they act like a narcotic on the brain , " Ott said .
" At high concentrations , what we learned in Exxon Valdez from carcasses of harbor seals and sea otters , it actually fried the brain , ( and there were ) brain lesions . "
Rep. Charlie Melancon said he wants something done .
He sent a letter to President Barack Obama 's administration calling for temporary health care clinics to be set up in the area .
" There can be immediate attention to any people who feel they have adverse problems caused by the inhalation or exposure to the oil , " Melancon said .
According to Burris , some equipment was donated to workers in Lafitte , but as far as he can tell BP has n't added anything to the mix .
He said a lot of fishermen are working sick , and they 're afraid to speak out because it could cost them .
[ Updated at 11:00 p.m . ]
A sheriff 's deputy in central Arizona was shot Friday afternoon by a suspected drug trafficker , authorities said .
The Pinal County deputy , who was not immediately identified , contacted authorities after being wounded in the desert , saying he had been shot by an illegal immigrant with an AK - 47 , said Lt. Tammy Villar , a sheriff 's spokeswoman .
[ Posted at 9:05 p.m . ]
A sheriff 's deputy in central Arizona who was shot Friday afternoon by an alleged illegal immigrant has been found after authorities lost contact with him , according to CNN affiliate KPNX .
The report came from a KPNX reporter on board a chopper at the scene .
[ Posted at 8:41 p.m . ]
A sheriff 's deputy in central Arizona was shot Friday afternoon by a member of an alleged group of illegal immigrants , authorities said .
The Pinal County deputy , who was not immediately identified , contacted authorities after being wounded in a remote area , said Lt. Tammy Villar , a sheriff 's spokeswoman .
She said authorities believe he was shot with a AK - 47 .
The deputy was being treated for the wound , but his condition was not immediately known , Villar said .
Pinal County is located between Phoenix and Tuscon and has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants .
Sheriff Paul Babeu told CNN that an estimated 80 percent of illegal immigrants eventually pass through his county along the way to other locations .
Deputies in the department routinely patrol for illegal immigrants and smugglers , and it's not uncommon for them to be in the field alone , officials said .
It was not immediately clear what led the deputy to engage with the group on Friday .
- CNN's Casey Wian contributed to this report .
As fans of the hit ABC series “ LOST ” prepare for the series finale , I thought it would be fun to look back at a photo we took during ABC Primetime Preview Weekend at Disney ’s California Adventure park in 2004 .
During the event , which took place 10 days before the debut of this wildly popular television series , original cast members Matthew Fox , Harold Perrineau , Evangeline Lilly and Dominic Monaghan took the 13 - story plunge on The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror together .
I like to think that their brief trip to the fifth dimension was good preparation for the six successful seasons that followed .
After speed cameras , road humps and mobile phone bans , there could be more bad news for Britain 's motorists .
Police are urging Ministers to give them the power to stop vehicles by remote control .
In what will be seen as yet another example of the in-creasing power of Big Brother , drivers face the prospect of their cars being halted by somebody pushing a button .
The police lobby is being led by Superintendent Jim Hammond of Sussex police , who chairs an Association of Chief Police Officers technology working group which is examining the idea .
' Providing an effective means to remotely stop a vehicle is fast becoming a priority , ' Hammond told a European conference .
' The development of a safe and controlled system to enable remote stopping has the potential to directly save lives . '
However , Bert Morris , deputy director of the AA Motoring Trust said : ' People do n't like the idea of Big Brother taking over their driving .
In years to come that might be acceptable , but it 's very , very important that there 's a step - by - step approach . '
Cars could be stopped by the gradual reduction of engine power so it slowly comes to a stop , or by making sure when drivers come to a halt they can not move again .
Stopping cars remotely sounds futuristic , but the basic technology is already available and used in lorries to limit the top speed to 56 mph and in new systems to immobilise stolen cars .
The key is the electronics box in most new cars which , when the driver presses the accelerator or brake , sends a message to the engine to speed up or slow down .
It can be programmed to limit the speed generally or according to the position of the car , established via a GPS satellite .
For remote operation , a modem , which works like a mobile phone , can be used tell the car to slow down or stop .
Similar radio telemetry was used by Formula
One pit crews to adjust the engines of racing cars at up to 200 mph - until it was banned this year .
' The technology exists and will become more refined as time goes on , ' said Nick Rendell , managing director of the Siemens business developing this technology in the UK .
A senior police officer - assumed to be the chief constable or deputy - can already give the order to stop a car remotely , but that power has rarely if ever been used , said Morris .
To use any new powers more widely , police must first overcome some practical problems to reassure Ministers that vehicles would be stopped safety .
Ministers will also want reassurances that drivers would not be mistakenly stopped .
ACPO insists that it would only introduce the technology when it was safe .
It is calling on the Government to introduce the legislation which it says will be vital to stop vehicles when - as expected - manufacturers develop tyres that run when they are flat .
This will make ' stingers ' - the spiked strips thrown in front of speeding cars - useless to stop stolen and get - away cars or dangerous drivers .
It is also linked to pressure to make cars ' pointless to steal ' because of growing concern about more violent car crime as vehicles become harder to take .
The RAC Foundation recently found there were as many as 1,200 car jackings in Britain last year .
Another link is to technology which would stop cars going above certain speed limits - either a fixed maximum such as 70 mph , or varying according to the local limit .
The system could even be programmed to reduce speeds below the limit in bad weather or when school children were expected to be about , said Robert Gifford , director of the Parliamentary Advisory Committee on Transport Safety , which believes the technology could cut the 3,420 deaths a year on Britain 's roads by 59 per cent .
Experts now believe the technology could start to be used voluntarily by the end of the decade and ultimately could be made mandatory .
BBC apologised for joke in which comedian compared Palestine to a cake being ' punched to pieces by a very angry Jew '
Frankie Boyle has accused the BBC Trust of cowardly behaviour after it apologised for a joke in which he compared Palestine to a cake being " punched to pieces by a very angry Jew " .
The controversial comedian published an open letter on chortle .
co.uk today , describing the situation in Palestine as " in essence , apartheid " , and lamenting the fact that the BBC was " now cravenly afraid of giving offence and vulnerable to any kind of well - drilled lobbying " .
Boyle said he had only learned of the " rebuke " from newspaper reports .
The entire joke , which he made on the Radio 4 programme Political Animal , ran : " I 've been studying Israeli army martial arts .
I now know 16 ways to kick a Palestinian woman in the back .
People think that the Middle East is very complex but I have an analogy that sums it up quite well .
If you imagine that Palestine is a big cake , well … that cake is being punched to pieces by a very angry Jew . "
Following a complaint from a listener who said the comments were " disgusting " and " antisemitic " , the BBC Trust 's editorial standards committee investigated and apologised .
The committee said it endorsed the editorial complaints unit 's finding about the use of the word " Jew " .
It said : " As a result , the committee wished to apologise to the complainant on behalf of the BBC for any offence the remark may have caused him and other listeners to the programme .
" Boyle criticised the corporation 's governing body for its actions .
" I think the problem here is that the show 's producers will have thought that Israel , an aggressive , terrorist state with a nuclear arsenal , was an appropriate target for satire , " he wrote .
" The Trust 's ruling is essentially a note from their line managers .
It says that if you imagine that a state busily going about the destruction of an entire people is fair game , you are mistaken .
Israel is out of bounds . "
Noting that the BBC had refused to broadcast a humanitarian appeal in 2009 to help the people of Gaza rebuild their homes , he added : " It 's tragic for such a great institution but it is now cravenly afraid of giving offence and vulnerable to any kind of well - drilled lobbying .
I told the jokes on a Radio 4 show called Political Animal .
That title seems to promise provocative comedy with a point of view .
In practice the BBC wish to deliver the flavour of political comedy with none of the content . "
The BBC Trust said it had nothing to add to its previous statement .
What 's happened ?
Germany has banned the " naked " short - selling of eurozone government bonds , their credit default swaps ( CDS ) and the shares of the country 's 10 biggest financial institutions .
Why have the German authorities taken this step ?
BaFin , the German financial regulator , wants to crack down on the speculators it blames for destabilising financial markets and making the Greek debt crisis worse .
The watchdog said that large - scale short - selling could have " endangered the stability of the entire financial system " .
What is short - selling ?
Short - selling is selling borrowed shares in the hope their price will fall and that they can be bought back at a profit later on .
In 2008 the British watchdog the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) rushed in emergency rules to ban the short - selling of UK bank shares after a collapse in the HBOS share price was – wrongly as it turned out – blamed on the practice .
So what is " naked " short - selling ?
The same as short - selling but without borrowing the shares first , or by just getting the nod to do so if necessary .
When the seller does not obtain the shares in the required time , the result is known as a " fail to deliver " .
However , the transaction generally remains open until the seller or seller 's broker can fill the order .
What is new about the ban ?
The short - selling of shares of financial institutions is already banned in France but Germany is the first to extend the moratorium to eurozone government bonds and related CDSs .
Remind me what a CDS is ?
Credit default swaps are insurance against defaults on corporate and government bonds .
How long will the German ban last ?
It took effect from midnight on Tuesday and lasts until 31 March 2011 .
Will it work ?
It is not clear how Germany will be able to police the ban as the debt and CDS markets cross national borders , with most European trade in CDSs done in London .
The FSA says the ban will not apply to branches of German institutions based here .
What was the reaction from investors ?
World stock markets fell sharply and the news also hit the already fragile euro .
Traders called the ban " draconian " , arguing that it was an attempt to buy time and take the heat off the EU economies in the wake of the Greek financial crisis .
By 1980 smallpox had been eradicated
The worldwide eradication of smallpox may , inadvertently , have helped spread HIV infection , scientists believe .
Experts say the vaccine used to wipe out smallpox offered some protection against the Aids virus and , now it is no longer used , HIV has flourished .
The US investigators said trials indicated the smallpox jab interferes with how well HIV multiplies .
But they say in the journal BMC Immunology it is too early to recommend smallpox vaccine for fighting HIV .
Kill no cure Lead researcher Dr Raymond Weinstein , from Virginia 's George Mason University , said : " There have been several proposed explanations for the rapid spread of HIV in Africa , including wars , the reuse of unsterilised needles and the contamination of early batches of polio vaccine .
" However , all of these have been either disproved or do not sufficiently explain the behaviour of the HIV pandemic . "
It is a plausible explanation
Jason Warriner , clinical director for the Terrence Higgins Trust Dr Weinstein and his colleagues believe immunisation against smallpox may go some way to explain the recent rises in HIV prevalence .
Smallpox immunisation was gradually withdrawn from the 1950s to the 1970s , following the worldwide eradication of the disease , and HIV has been spreading exponentially since then , they say .
Now , only scientists and medical professionals working with smallpox are vaccinated .
To test if the events may be linked , the researchers looked at the white blood cells taken from people recently immunised against smallpox and tested how they responded to HIV .
They found significantly lower replication rates of HIV in blood cells from vaccinated individuals , compared with those from unvaccinated controls .
The smallpox vaccine appeared to cut HIV replication five - fold .
Immune boost
The researchers believe vaccination may offer some protection against HIV by producing long - term alterations in the immune system , possibly including the expression of a receptor called CCR5 on the surface of white blood cells , which is exploited by the smallpox virus and HIV .
Jason Warriner , clinical director for the Terrence Higgins Trust , said : " It 's impossible to say whether the withdrawal of the smallpox vaccine contributed to the initial explosion of HIV cases worldwide , but it is a plausible explanation .
" This is an interesting piece of research , and not just as a history lesson .
Anything that gives us greater understanding of how the virus replicates is another step on the road towards a vaccine and , one day , a cure .
" Further studies into the role receptor cells play are needed , and even then any discoveries are likely to be just one part of the solution .
" Until we find a way to eradicate the virus from the body , the focus should remain on stopping it being passed on in the first place . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This digital science fiction art by German creator Tobias Roetsch , aka Taenaron , is so mind - blowingly vivid , it feels like a matte painting from the space opera movie of your dreams .
In a new interview , Roetsch explains his visions of space .
Talking to Richworks , Roesch explains :
All those elements are basically done in photoshop .
For planets it is better to use a 3D program ( if you are not going to paint the whole planet but are going to work with textures ) .
The reason why I decided for this genre is pretty simple .
Like I already told you , I 'm a huge fan of Star Trek / Star Wars .
There is so much beauty out in space and only your own imagination sets a limit .
I 'm using so many apocalyptic scenes because I 'm also fascinated by the power such events are releasing .
Ignore the fact , nuclear bombs are the most powerful weapons on our planet and look at them from the artistic side and you 'll immediately discover beauty in there ( google an image for french nuclear test 1970 ) .
I simply want to copy some of this beauty into my pictures and , with some images , also want to remind people on the fact that we are one of the smallest things in this universe .
Scientists fear ‘ flawed and dangerous ’ plan will result in ‘ foreign policy disaster ’
US missile defense plans are based on “ technical myths ” and interceptors have mostly failed to knock out incoming warheads in military tests , a new study argues .
Two American scientists reviewed 10 tests of the SM - 3 “ kill vehicle , ” designed to take out ballistic missiles , and concluded that the interceptor succeeded in directly hitting mock warheads in only one or two cases .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This means that , in real combat , the warhead would have not been destroyed but would have continued toward the target and detonated in eight or nine of the 10 SM - 3 experimental tests , ” wrote George Lewis of Cornell University and Theodore Postol of MIT in the latest issue of “ Arms Control Today . ”
The Pentagon had described the tests between 2002 to 2009 as successful .
The US administration ’s claims about the missile defense system are “ nothing more than a fiction ” and “ the policy strategy that follows from these technical myths could well lead to a foreign policy disaster , ” wrote the scientists in an article titled “ A Flawed and Dangerous US Missile Defense Plan . ”
But the US Missile Defense Agency ( MDA ) on Tuesday rejected the findings of the study , calling them “ flawed , inaccurate and misleading . ”
US officials and the academics disagreed over the importance of the interceptors striking the body of a rocket or its dummy warhead .
ADVERTISEMENT
The SM - 3 tests “ showed that the interceptor ’s kill vehicle impacted the target body or warhead within inches of the expected impact point that was calculated to maximize damage against a variety of warhead types , ” the MDA said in a statement .
MDA spokesman Richard Lehner said some of the earlier tests did not use mock warheads at all because the goal was merely to hit the target missile .
One of the authors of the study , Postol of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , is a long - time skeptic of US missile defense who previously helped expose the failure of most Patriot anti-missile weaponry in the 1991 Gulf War .
ADVERTISEMENT
Much is riding on US missile defenses based on land and at sea , with President Barack Obama arguing the system will help counter the threat posed by Iran ’s missiles and will allow for scaling back the American nuclear arsenal .
Unnoticed by the people of Britain , a transformation has been happening beneath our feet .
In the first study of its kind , scientists have analysed the soil the country depends on .
In just the top 8 cm ( 3in ) of dirt , soil scientists estimate there are 12.8 quadrillion ( 12,800 million million ) living organisms , weighing 10 m tonnes , and , incredibly , that the number of these invertebrates – some just a hair 's breadth across – which in effect make the soil has increased by nearly 50 % in a decade .
At the same time , however , the diversity of life in the earth appears to have reduced .
The most likely reason for both the increase in numbers and the decrease in types is the rise of annual temperatures and rainfall over the decade of the study , leading to warmer , wetter summers , said Professor Bridget Emmett , of the UK's Centre for Ecology and Hydrology ( CEH ) , who led the study .
The scientists ' theory is that the warmer , wetter soil encourages most of the bugs to breed faster or for longer , but that more marginal species have been unable to adapt to the new conditions .
They are less certain , however , about whether the changes are a threat or a boon : soil has a relatively high " species redundancy " , so there are many species that can do the same job , but all creatures are facing an onslaught of changes such as global warming , pollution and habitat destruction .
" If you look at the soil , most of it comes out of the back end of the animals , " said Emmett .
She added : " The question is whether we have lost resilience in the soil .
Is diversity important for the soil to bounce back after multiple pressures ? "
CEH 's biggest ever study of Britain 's soil is part of the much wider Countryside Survey , funded by the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs approximately every decade .
The survey in 2007 , whose results have only just been released after two years of analysis , took more than 2,600 samples from different geological and climatic areas across England , Scotland and Wales , and measured them for invertebrates , nutrients , pollutants , acidity and carbon .
In what is thought to be the first national analysis of change in soil bug numbers and types , Emmett 's team extrapolated that there were 1.28 x 10 to the power of 16 individual invertebrates , mainly made up of Oligochaetes ( small worms ) , Collembola ( springtails ) and Acari ( mites ) .
They then made the same calculation as for the previous survey in 1998 and estimated that the number and mass of bugs had increased by 47 % , and that the biggest increases by far were in the numbers of mites .
The concentration of living things was particularly high in woodland , but the phenomenon appeared in every type of landscape sampled except arable land , probably because of the regular tilling and disruption of their habitat .
Although the study looked at only the top 8 cm of soil , the results were likely to cover most active life underground , said Emmett : " In fairness , it 's where most of them are : they know where all the carbon and nutrients are concentrated . "
The decrease in the variety of species found was much smaller – 11 % – and the scientists warn that further research is needed to be sure of the trends , because too little is known about whether climate , pollution and land management affect soil bugs and , if so , how .
Biodiversity helps the soil to cope with future threats from pollution and climate change , and is a " pool from which future novel applications and products can be derived " , notes the report .
The beasts below , compiled by Luc Torres
Oligochaetes : Earthworms and sludge worms
There are about 3,500 oligochaetes species , the most familiar member of which is the earthworm .
Smaller species – from 1 mm to a few centimeteres long – tend to live in the sea or in fresh water , while larger ones – up to 3 m in some cases – prefer moist soil .
All the species are hermaphrodites and most come to the surface during rainfall to mate .
Their importance in mixing and aerating soil led Charles Darwin to write in 1881 : " It may be doubted whether there are many other animals which have played so important a part in the history of the world , as have these lowly organised creatures . "
Acari : Mites and ticks
Like their fellow arachnids , the mites and ticks of the acari have eight legs .
Predatory mites have sharp senses , but many are sightless .
They breathe through their skin and their mouth parts of mites can be shaped for stinging , sawing or sucking .
They can be parasites to plants , animals and even humans , to who they may transmit Lyme disease and Q fever .
Collembola : Springtails
These small , wingless insects , the size of a full stop , can propel themselves by jumping , although they usually crawl .
They are one of the most abundant and widespread animals on Earth , living in soil , under the bark of trees , or on water .
They feed on decaying vegetable matter but can be a major pest on crops .
In one square metre of soil there may be over 10,000 of them , but they are hard to spot with the naked eye .
They are among the few insects living in
• This article was amended on Monday 1 March .
The headline incorrectly said the number of bugs had doubled .
This has been corrected .
Or : How Dudes Living In Their Parents ' Basements Became the Horatio Alger Myth of the Internet .
Humorous Twitter account Shit My Dad Says is becoming a sitcom .
Behold , a brilliant burst of light as a thousand unemployed bloggers ' dreams come true , and a writer who moved in with his dad and spent a lot of time on Twitter actually profits from it :
CBS has picked up a comedy project based on the Twitter account , which has enlisted more than 700,000 followers since launching in August and has made its creator , Justin Halpern , an Internet star .
Will & Grace creators David Kohan and Max Mutchnick are on board to executive produce and supervise the writing for the multicamera family comedy , which Halpern will co-pen with Patrick Schumacker .
Thus , the Justin Halpern Myth :
The fantasy that , when the going gets tough , you can always cocoon yourself in a long , humiliating period of unemployed listlessness — spending eight hours a day browsing Facebook in your pajamas , memorizing twitter hashtags and not washing your hair — and emerge , as if by magic , a few months later as a brilliant new - media mogul with a book deal and Hollywood contract to boot !
( Note : I 'm pretty sure Justin Halpern did n't actually live this way .
In fact , he apparently had a job .
But if by some chance his life ever resembled the above description : more power to him . )
Subcategories of the Justin Halpern Myth : Girls Who Turned Their Moms ' Embarrassing E-mails Into a Book Deal , A Guy and Girl Who Turned Their Gross Sandwiches Into a Book Deal , Lady Whose Facebook Update About Her Dog Became a Movie , and Guy Who Got $ 50 K to Copy and Paste Tweets Into a Coffee Table Book .
The Justin Halpern Myth is either a really bad thing ( since it fools sad , hopeless people into believing their painstakingly crafted web utterances will some day turn them into stars ) or a really good thing ( for the same reason , mostly ) .
Because when you 're unemployed , dead broke , toiling in anonymity and / or living with your parents , and your freelance career just is n't working out , and the whole of your social life is confined to Facebook and Twitter — well , it 's not like you 've got anything better to do than reach for that great , glowing Justin Halpern in the sky .
Dream big !
Image via
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 9th , 2010
Via : Investor ’s Business Daily :
Spiraling debt is Uncle Sam ’s shock collar , and its jolt may await like an invisible pet fence .
“ Nobody knows when you bump up against the limit , but you know when it happens it will really hurt , ” said fiscal watchdog Maya MacGuineas of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
The great uncertainty about how much debt is too much has tended to make fiscal discipline seem less urgent , rather than more .
There is no obvious threshold beyond which investors will demand higher real yields for holding U.S. debt .
Vague warnings from ratings agencies about the loss of America ’s ‘ AAA ’ status have n’t added much clarity — until recently .
In the wake of the financial crisis and recession , Moody ’s Investors Service has brought new transparency to its sovereign ratings analysis — so much so that 2018 lights up as the year the U.S. could be in line for a downgrade if Congressional Budget Office projections hold .
The key data point in Moody ’s view is the size of federal interest payments on the public debt as a percentage of tax revenue .
For the U.S. , debt service of 18% - 20 % of federal revenue is the outer limit of AAA - territory , Moody ’s managing director Pierre Cailleteau confirmed in an e-mail .
Under the Obama budget , interest would top 18 % of revenue in 2018 and 20 % in 2020 , CBO projects .
But under more adverse scenarios than the CBO considered , including higher interest rates , Moody ’s projects that debt service could hit 22.4 % of revenue by 2013 .
“ While we see limited risk of a U.S. sovereign debt downgrade in the next 2 - 3 years , beyond that we cannot be so certain , ” wrote Societe Generale ’s economics team in a recent report .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
Rifle Recoil Table By Chuck Hawks
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction ; that is one of the physical laws of our universe .
This means that the momentum of a rifle 's reaction will exactly equal the momentum of the bullet and powder gasses ejected from the barrel .
In the shooting sports we call that reaction recoil or " kick . "
It can be measured or computed empirically and has been for this recoil table .
Do not forget that rifle weight is a crucial factor in the recoil equation , inversely proportional to recoil .
Increase the gun weight by , say , 25 % and the recoil goes down by 25 % .
In the real world , firearms chambered for less powerful cartridges are typically built lighter than firearms chambered for more powerful cartridges .
Violate this principle by , for example , chambering a lightweight , short action rifle for a powerful Magnum cartridge like the .300 WSM and the result will be a dramatic increase in kick .
Just because it can be done does not mean it makes sense , despite what you might read in advertising copy .
Choose a rifle weight appropriate for the loads you intend to shoot .
However , perceived recoil , what the shooter feels , is a highly subjective matter .
In addition to gun weight , it is influenced by many factors .
One of the most important of these is the fit and shape of the rifle stock .
A good recoil pad can help soften the blow to the shooter 's shoulder .
Gas - operated semi-automatic actions reduce apparent recoil by spreading it over a longer period of time .
These sorts of things cannot be accounted for in a recoil table .
Also , please understand that there are dozens of loads for any given bullet weight in any cartridge that will produce the same velocity , but a different amount of recoil .
So the figures in any recoil table should be taken as approximate .
Never - the - less , the table below should give a reasonably accurate comparison of the recoil of most popular rifle cartridges .
It is worth remembering that the majority of authorities agree that recoil of over twenty foot pounds will cause most shooters to develop a serous flinch , which is ruinous to bullet placement ( the prime component of killing power ) .
Fifteen foot pounds is probably about the maximum recoil energy most shooters feel reasonably comfortable with , particularly at the shooting range , where most serious marksmanship practice occurs .
While recoil energy determines how hard the blow to the shoulder feels , recoil velocity determines how abrupt the blow to the shoulder feels .
My subjective impression is that , with a well designed stock , recoil velocity above about 10 fps begins to feel like a sharp rap on the shoulder rather than an abrupt push .
In 1909 , the British Textbook of Small Arms stated that 15 ft. lbs. of free recoil energy was the maximum allowable for a military service rifle .
( The standard British .303 Lee- Enfield infantry rifle was below that figure , as are most service rifles to this day .
This should tell you something . )
The 1929 edition of the same textbook stated , in addition , that recoil velocity should not exceed 15 fps ; above that velocity a gun-headache was very likely to occur .
These figures remain practical maximums for the modern hunter .
Above this level recoil becomes increasingly intrusive .
In addition , the effects of recoil are cumulative .
The longer you shoot , and the harder the rifle kicks , the more likely you are to flinch .
These are good things to remember when comparing rifle cartridges .
In the table below rifle weight is given in pounds , free recoil energy is given in foot pounds , and free recoil velocity is given in feet - per-second .
All recoil values have been rounded off to one decimal place .
The recoil energy and recoil velocity figures are taken from various sources including the recoil nomograph in the Handloader 's Digest 8th Edition , various online recoil calculators , the Remington Shoot !
program or calculated from the formula given in the Lyman Reloading Handbook , 43rd Edition .
Note : For an expanded version of this table showing more calibers and many more loads , including British , European , wildcat , obsolescent American and proprietary calibers , see the Expanded Rifle Recoil Table .
Looking on the bright side is the possibility that the Conservatives will agree to introduce the Lib Dems manifesto proposal to raise the income tax threshold to £ 10,000 .
This would be a £ 17 billion tax cut - although I believe part of the cost would be recouped by the impact it would have on increasing economic growth and reducing welfare bills by making it more rewarding to get into work .
However given the level of the deficit it should be a funded tax cut through a stronger start on reducing public spending .
The Lib Dem approach to fund it through higher taxes elsewhere - on pensions , Capital Gains , the Mansion Tax , etc is misguided .
Might the Lib Dems agree to it higher public spending cuts for such a purpose ?
The Conservative negotiating team might like to have a look at this paper for the Reform think tank by Vince Cable which details ideas for £ 14 billion spending cuts .
USA Today 's Dennis Cauchon :
Amid complaints about high taxes and calls for a smaller government , Americans paid their lowest level of taxes last year since Harry Truman 's presidency , a USA TODAY analysis of federal data found .
Some conservative political movements such as the " Tea Party " have criticized federal spending as being out of control .
While spending is up , taxes have fallen to exceptionally low levels .
Federal , state and local taxes — including income , property , sales and other taxes — consumed 9.2 % of all personal income in 2009 , the lowest rate since 1950 , the Bureau of Economic Analysis reports .
That rate is far below the historic average of 12 % for the last half - century .
The overall tax burden hit bottom in December at 8.8. % of income before rising slightly in the first three months of 2010 .
Reporting from Sacramento
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is expected to present a revised budget plan Friday that would dismantle some of California ’s landmark healthcare programs after efforts to scale them back have been reversed by federal courts .
The rulings , issued mostly over the last two years , have already forced the state to unwind roughly $ 2.4 billion in cuts approved by the governor and Legislature and have alarmed other financially strapped states seeking ways to balance their budgets .
Schwarzenegger has lashed out at the federal judges , saying they ’ve been “ going absolutely crazy ” and accusing them of interfering with the state ’s ability to get its finances in order .
The rulings tie their hands , administration officials say , and they are asking the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene in a petition supported by 22 other states .
“ We ca n’t make any changes to these programs , ” said Susan Kennedy , the governor ’s chief of staff .
“ Anybody can just walk into a courthouse and freeze them . ”
Administration officials declined to reveal which specific programs the governor would eliminate .
But officials involved in the budget process , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak publicly , said they would probably include home healthcare for the elderly and disabled , a nearly $ 2 - billion program that serves 440,000 Californians .
Cuts that lawmakers and the governor made to the program in an effort to balance the budget have been blocked by legal rulings over the last year .
The court decisions restrict their ability to make cuts in the programs , officials said , but they do n’t preclude dismantling them .
Abolishing home healthcare services would mean forfeiting the federal Medicaid money that helps fund them .
But the money comes with requirements that the courts said California did not meet .
The state would not have to follow the requirements if it did away with the program , and thus would no longer risk having its financial plans upended in court .
The Schwarzenegger administration may also propose the dismantling of the Healthy Families program , which uses federal money to help provide health insurance for about 900,000 low - income children .
The administration warned in January that it would try to abolish the program if the state ’s budget situation did not improve – which it has not .
The deficit remains swollen at $ 18.6 billion , or roughly 20 % of general fund spending .
“ It is a terrible situation , ” said Sara Rosenbaum , a professor of health policy and law at George Washington University in Washington , D.C. “ If you take the federal money , there is an obligation to comply with the rules … .
But it has reached this extreme in California where the state is saying , ‘ We just wo n’t run the program . ’ ”
The other states have signed on to California ’s effort at the U.S. Supreme Court because they fear precedents set by the California rulings in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeal expose them to similar litigation .
The Supreme Court is expected to decide next month whether to hear the case .
“ Michigan shares California ’s concerns , ” said Tiffany Brown , a spokeswoman for Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm .
Officials there are concerned that their ability to administer Medicaid funds has become “ hindered , ” Brown said .
Washington state is also supporting California ’s legal battle .
Federal courts recently unraveled cuts there affecting payments to pharmacies and nursing homes .
“ The inability to take prompt action to reduce payment rates to providers has caused a problem , ” said Bill Stephens , a Washington assistant attorney general .
The court fight raises new questions about the viability of the national healthcare overhaul signed into law by President Obama earlier this year .
The federal legislation assumes a substantial expansion of the costly Medicaid programs that officials in California and elsewhere are proposing to abandon .
Schwarzenegger ’s proposals , meanwhile , would face stiff opposition in the Legislature , where there is limited support for taking apart the state ’s healthcare system .
Providers and advocacy groups that have successfully sued the state to block the previous cuts are also working with the Democrats who control the Assembly and Senate to preserve services .
“ The state is … rushing to make budget decisions without doing due diligence to follow the federal standards , ” said Andrew LaMar , spokesman for the California Medical Assn. , which represents 35,000 California physicians and has sued to block cuts in reimbursements to doctors .
Anthony Wright , executive director of Health Access , a consumer advocacy group , said that even before the latest round of cutbacks , California paid its doctors and other Medicaid providers among the lowest rates in the nation .
More cuts to Medi-Cal , California ’s Medicaid program , would undermine it , he said .
“ If you further cut provider rates , you potentially make it that Californians with Medi-Cal simply will have no doctor , ” Wright said .
“ If the state wants federal matching funds for the programs , they need to keep their end of the bargain . ”
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
evan.halper@latimes.com
Aspiring model hurled into barbed wire fence after car runs her bicycle off the road
An aspiring model has been left with deep cuts to her face and chest after a car forced her bike off the road - and into a barbed wire fence .
Stacey Courage , 17 , may need plastic surgery to repair the 63 lacerations caused when the sharp wire became embedded in her head , neck and upper body .
But she fears that her face could be scarred for life - putting an end to her ambitions of becoming a model .
Scarred : Stacey Courage suffered 63 deep cuts to her face and chest after she was run off the road on her bike into a barbed wire fence
The teenager was cycling around Burrator Reservoir on Dartmoor on Monday when she claims a speeding car caused her to crash into the fence .
Stacey , from Plymouth , said : ' I looked behind me and the car was really close so I thought I would move over .
' I did n't think I was that far over , but my bike went head - first into barbed wire and the car just drove off .
They knew I was there but they just left me .'
Stacey had to pull out the wire that was embedded in her skin before looking for help .
' I was holding my neck because it was pouring with blood , ' she said .
' I thought I
was going to die but people just walked past looking at me .
I felt so alone . '
When three passers - by did eventually come to her aid , Stacey was taken to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth , where she was told the deep cuts could take up to six months to heal .
Gouges : Stacey , who hopes to become a model , may have to have plastic surgery if the cuts scar badly
She said : ' The driver has ruined my life , especially if it 's going to scar really badly , because I wanted to take up modelling .
They 've ruined my face . '
Stacey had been cycling around the reservoir three times a week for the last few months in an attempt to lose weight before her 18th birthday .
She has shed two stone since adopting the regime , and was planning to take part in a photoshoot to create a portfolio to send to modelling agencies .
She had also been hoping to enrol at Plymouth College of Art to study photography .
But she said : ' I do n't really want to do anything now .
I do n't even want to go out because I look really ugly . '
Her mother Lisa called on the authorities to introduce regulations that would keep visitors to the reservoir safe .
She said : ' I think there should be a speed limit or signs to say that there are people walking and bikeriding .
' Stacey was bullied in school and was called fat .
With losing the weight she has just started to gain confidence , and then this happens . '
Keith Brooking sidelined following knee scope
Keith Brooking will not be ready to go when the Dallas Cowboys open OTA ’s next week at Valley Ranch as the veteran inside linebacker recently had arthroscopic surgery on his left knee .
It ’s also possible Brooking will be sidelined from the team ’s minicamp next month , according to Todd Archer of the Dallas Morning News .
The expectation is that he will be ready for the start of training camp .
Brooking has a remarkable durability streak going as he has not missed a game since 2000 .
In his absence , second - round pick Sean Lee , the Penn State product , and Jason Williams , a third - round pick last year from Western Illinois , will get more work .
More opportunities to evaluate the young players is probably a good thing .
Follow me on Twitter : BradBiggs
A former North Korean agent - who claimed she bombed a South Korean airliner in 1987 on orders from Kim Jong - Il - says she believes the North 's leader also ordered the sinking of a South Korean warship in March .
Kim Hyun - Hee , who was sentenced to death but later pardoned for her role in blowing up the plane with the loss of 115 lives , was quoted by the Monthly Chosun , a magazine published by Chosun Ilbo newspaper .
Former North Korean agent Kim Hyun- Hee. Credit:AFP
" No big incidents like this can happen without informing Kim Jong - Il , " the ex-agent , who now lives under guard in South Korea , was quoted as saying .
" Although the planning and preparation would have been done by the military , final confirmation must come from Kim . "
Q . The question I get most from readers and friends , beyond what it all means , is :
How much did the writers and the creators know going in about how things were going to end ?
LINDELOF
In answering that question you have to bifurcate the creative construct of the mythology of the show and the series as a whole into two periods .
The first period is where we did n’t know how long the show was going to go for .
So there ’s a certain degree of wheel spinning that Carlton and I have talked about ad nauseam in the Season 2 , Season 3 period , where you could only do middle .
We did have extensive conversations about certain mythological elements of the island : why these people could n’t be discovered ; that we would do time - travel - related storytelling ; and , most importantly , the Others on the island and their relationship with this character named Jacob and who he might be and what his relationship was with the island .
Who would end up with who , who would live , who would die , who would make sacrifices .
But none of those things could be implemented or talked about in any real way until we negotiated an end date .
CUSE
The literal last scene of the show was something that we concocted very early on in the first season of the show .
But the last episode is an amalgam of ideas that started with our first mythology conversations in the first season when we realized after the pilot came out and the ratings were huge that the show was going to go a long time .
At the end of each season we would sit down and we would have these writers minicamps for a month , where we would think in much more detail about what the sort of structure of the next season was , and then during the year we built the thing .
And just like if you ’re building a house , there ’s a lot of change orders .
We were testing various relationships out on the show , one of which was we had this idea :
What if we put Sawyer and Juliet together ?
And we were very unsure , most of the other writers were unsure and the actors themselves were very dubious about whether there would be any success to this relationship , but our opinion was :
Let ’s try it .
And lo and behold , this thing blossomed forth that no one was expecting , which was there was sort of a mature kind of love between these two characters .
CUSE
On the other hand , we had all these fantastic intentions for this character Mr. Eko , played by Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje .
But the guy got down to Hawaii , his whole crew that he rolled with was in London , he was 8,000 miles away , and he hated being there .
So we were forced to completely cut bait on Mr. Eko .
It ’s not like J. K. Rowling ; we do n’t control every aspect of our world .
We work and collaborate with many other artists , and he did n’t want to be on the show .
Now , by pruning that branch , that ended up giving us room and space to do more with Michael Emerson ’s character , and so suddenly Ben sort of blossomed forth , perhaps sooner and maybe to a greater degree than he would have had we been servicing Mr. Eko .
So , those are the kinds of things that we ’re kind of rolling with .
We ’re kind of steering this ship towards these demarcation points , but the journey of that ship is completely influenced by our reaction to watching things we see and then real - world issues like actors and their happiness quotient or all sorts of other things .
Q. Michael Emerson was originally just signed for three episodes .
Did you always have in mind that there was a leader of the Others and then , when he was doing so well , you made him the leader ?
Messenger RNA is crucial to the working of the genome ( Image : Laguna Design / SPL )
ONCE , it all seemed so beautifully simple .
Our DNA , we thought , consisted of a set of recipes , or genes , for making proteins , and once we had identified them all and worked out what they do , we would be a long way towards understanding what makes us what we are .
If only .
One of the big shocks that emerged from the human genome project was that we have only around 23,500 genes – barely more than a nematode worm .
But in many other ways our genome is turning out to be dizzyingly complex ( see diagram ) .
“ It is very difficult to wrap your head around how big the genome is and how complicated , ” says Ewan Birney of the European Bioinformatics Institute near Cambridge , UK , who is part of a major project to uncover the workings of the genome .
“ It ’s very confusing and intimidating . ”
For starters , rather than each gene coding for one protein , they often code for many .
The coding parts of genes come in pieces , like beads on a string , and by splicing out different beads , or exons , after RNA copies are made , a single gene can potentially code for tens of thousands of different proteins , although the average is about five .
Recent studies suggest up to 95 per cent of our genes may be alternatively spliced in this way .
Even more astonishingly , in at least one case in humans , RNA copies of different genes are spliced together .
If this is commonplace , it would vastly multiply the potential number of different proteins .
Another recent discovery …
Is there some truth to the blog 's subtitle " It 's in the Modern World ' ( a riff on Dwell 's " At Home in the Modern World " ) ?
Are there elements of modern design that inherently make us feel gloomy ?
Maybe so .
You may have noticed that different spaces affect your mood in different ways , based on the colors , light , textures , and forms that characterize them .
These effects can be subtle or they can be dramatic , but they 're not just a matter of taste .
Whether or not you like the design of a space , its different aesthetic elements can combine to feel stimulating or relaxing , comforting or jarring , festive or serene or somber .
Sometimes our responses to our environment are , so that we do n't even realize it 's the aesthetics that are making us feel a certain way , and instead attribute it to the things that are going on in our lives or the company we 're in at a given moment .
Modern design was born out of a desire to leave behind the ornamentation and excesses of 19th century Europe .
In essence , it 's a stripped back , pared down style of design , favoring clean , often angular lines , neutral colors in tones of gray and beige , bare materials , and a general sense of spareness and minimalism .
( I 'm generalizing here for the sake of discussion — not all modern architecture is about cold gray cubes .
Volumes have been written highlighting examples of brightly colored , joyfully curvy modern furniture and dwellings .
Dwell itself attempts to celebrate this side of modernism .
But the prevailing experience of modern design for most of us in the mainstream is stripped down , hard - edged , and cool verging on cold .
Or as one Unhappy Hipsters caption reads , " still , gray , and gravel - strewn . " )
Though these aesthetics are often intended to create a sense of zen - like tranquility , the result is frequently closer to melancholy isolation , which is what Unhappy Hipsters is lampooning .
The question is , why ?
Color is an obvious factor .
We know that color has powerful effects on mood and mental functioning .
Lab studies have shown that the color red induces better performance on focused tasks , while blue puts people in a more creative frame of mind .
Reports have also suggested that warm colors like red raise blood pressure and respiration rate , while cool colors like blue have the opposite effect .
It seems intuitive that cool , desaturated colors like grays would have a similarly muting effect on our autonomic , making us less energetic and aroused .
Form has other emotional effects .
A 2007 study published in the journal Neuropsychologia revealed that angular forms have a strange , unconscious emotional effect on us .
Viewing angular forms , as opposed to curved forms , triggers activation in the amygdala , a small almond - shaped structure in the limbic system of our brains associated with emotional — specifically .
We may not feel any conscious fear , but this brief moment of activity translates to a general sense of dislike for these objects .
One hypothesis is that in nature , angles suggest something to watch out for — a tree branch , a sharp rock , the edge of a cliff — all things around which a heightened sense of and caution is appropriate .
But perhaps too many angles in our homes sets us on edge , and contributes to the sense of negative affect we feel towards much modern design .
Finally , I think that modernism 's restrained quality is fundamentally in tension with the idea of delight .
Delight is an emotion of abundance — a celebration of sensation and richness .
Delight and joy are primally connected to wellness , and wellness in nature is lush , plump , vibrant , and bountiful .
Throughout our evolution , these were the aesthetics that signaled a good place to settle — one that provided adequate water , food , and shelter to sustain life .
The matte , bare surfaces beloved of modernists signal something else entirely .
I can't help but think there must be something primal within us that understands such stripped down spaces as inhospitable — the emotional equivalent of dry desert , or fallow fields .
Emerging findings from disciplines of psychology such as , neuroscience , and ecopsychology may soon shed more light on the questions of what spaces feel good to us and why .
The notion that there are intrinsic aesthetic preferences built into our human nature is a provocative but intriguing view .
As Steven Pinker observes in The Blank Slate , " The belief that human tastes are reversible cultural preferences has led social planners to write off people 's enjoyment of ornament , natural light , and human scale and force millions of people to live in drab cement boxes . "
Perhaps viewpoints like this will lead to more empirical exploration that will give tools to designers to create more spaces for living , working , healing , and playing .
Maybe even spaces that make the hipsters happy .
George Noory
Radio's Coast to Coast AM Stanton Friedman
UFO and Roswell Expert Todd Bates
EVP Specialist Philip Morris
The Bigfoot Mystery Dennis Kaufman
The Zodiac Killer Mystery Erika Frost
Paranormal States & Intuition Patrick Wheelock
Investigation Equipment Usage
& How to Interview Witnesses Brian Patton
Detecting Psychic Shenanigans Bill Murphy
SyFy's Fact or Faked SD Ghost Hunters
Infamous Whaley House Marybeth Murphy
Everything Angels Nicole Strickland
Investigating the Queen Mary A Thank You
As GhostFest Expo 4 comes to an end and is buried six feet under , the Expo's Ghost Hosts wish to warmly thank everyone who attended and contributed to its success .
Like a good zombie , plans are already under way for it 's resurrection as GhostFest Expo 5 .
Your Ghost Hosts , Patrick Wheelock of Beyond Investigation , the official paranormal investigation team of the infamously haunted RMS Queen Mary , and intuitive paranormal investigator and Queen Mary icon , Erika Frost , invite you to GhostFest Expo 4 .
Bigger and scarier than ever , Expo 4 is widely expanding its spectral arms around all topics paranormal and unexplainable .
Premium paranormal community speakers , special events and exhibitions exploring ghosts and hauntings , ufology , cryptozoology , conspiracy theories , unsolved mysteries , and more will be aboard to intrigue and educate .
Manifesting this September 17 - 19 , 2010 , in Long Beach , California , GhostFest Expo 4 is the must - attend RMS Queen Mary event of the year .
Who understands what haunts you most aboard the Queen but the investigators who know it best ?
[ FSF ]
Time for nonprofits to leave proprietary fundraising software syst
From : Peter Brown Subject : [ FSF ]
Time for nonprofits to leave proprietary fundraising software systems behind Date : Wed , 14 Apr 2010 15:29:23 - 0400 User-agent : Mozilla /5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux x86_64 ; en-US ; rv:1.9.1.9pre ) Gecko/20100217 Shredder /3.0.3pre
Time for nonprofits to leave proprietary fundraising software systems behind ( News item at : http://www.fsf.org/news/nonprofit-fundraising-civicrm)
BOSTON , Massachusetts , USA -- Wednesday , April 14th , 2010 -- The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) today announced that CiviCRM has earned its recommendation as a fully featured donor and contact management system for nonprofits .
The FSF had highlighted the need for a free software solution in this area as part of its High Priority Projects campaign ( http://www.fsf.org/campaigns/priority-projects/).
With this announcement , the FSF will also be adopting CiviCRM for its own use , and actively encouraging other nonprofit organizations to do the same .
( CiviCRM http://civicrm.org/)
Nonprofits have historically relied heavily on proprietary or web - hosted " software as a service " fundraising software such as Blackbaud 's Raiser 's Edge or eTapestry .
The nonprofit organizations using them are locked in , have little control over the functionality of the software , and are dependent on the whims of a single company .
Nonprofits also face costly migration if they wish to switch to a different proprietary system , never achieving independence .
These factors mean that tools intended to enhance organizations ' effectiveness have actually ended up restricting their ability to accomplish their social missions .
CiviCRM , however , shares its software code so all organizations can see how it works , have the option of commissioning anyone to make customizations to it , and can host it on their own trusted servers .
Since the code and the data format are freely available , using the system does not mean being locked into it .
Because it runs on the free GNU / Linux operating system , it eliminates the need for another frequent nonprofit proprietary software dependency -- Microsoft Windows .
" The features now offered by CiviCRM will satisfy nonprofits seeking to organize their relationships with donors , supporters , and the media .
In addition to storing contact information , it handles online fundraising , event registration , membership management , and personalized paper and electronic mailings .
Best of all , it 's free software distributed under the GNU Affero General Public License , which means nonprofits can host it themselves and retain the freedom they need to advance their missions unfettered , " said John Sullivan , FSF 's operations manager .
Free software ideals encouraging sharing and modification have been central to CiviCRM 's growth .
Developer Dave Greenberg explained , " The CiviCRM project was started by a group of developers and project managers who had been working together on a proprietary donation processing application .
As folks who were passionate about increasing the impact and effectiveness of the nonprofits , we came to realize that there was a need for a CRM application designed from the ground up to meet the needs of civic sector organizations .
From the beginning it was clear that this should be free software -- community driven and community owned .
On a personal level I find the engagement with our community of users to be intellectually stimulating and rewarding .
Seeing folks with expertise in a particular area step up and contribute their time and ideas to help improve the product is quite exciting . "
In making the switch , the FSF joins other organizations like Amnesty International , Creative Commons , and the Wikimedia Foundation , who have also been using CiviCRM .
Executive director Peter Brown described the FSF 's use of the software and intent to publicize it : " I look forward to encouraging other nonprofit organizations to escape their current proprietary or ' software as a service ' systems and give CiviCRM a try .
As a nonprofit , the FSF manages over 40,000 contacts and 15,000 donation transactions per year , a book publishing operation , online store , and several advocacy campaign websites with associated mailing lists -- all with free software .
A general purpose donor and contact management system will be the final piece of the puzzle for charitable organizations looking to operate using only free software .
We plan to publish a guide offering our experiences as a resource for other nonprofits concerned with the social implications of their technology . "
Nathan Yergler , chief technology officer at Creative Commons , offered further praise for the software : " CiviCRM is a critical part of Creative Commons ' infrastructure .
We 've seen the application mature and steadily improve with new features and performance improvements coming in every release .
CiviCRM 's developer community is accessible and responsive , going beyond the normal call of duty to help when needed .
I would happily recommend CiviCRM to organizations like Creative Commons looking for a CRM solution . "
CiviCRM core team member Piotr Szotkowski noted that despite the project 's maturity , there is still rewarding work to be done : " We could definitely use more helping hands .
Being able to work on CiviCRM gives a lot of non-direct benefits , like the very warm and fuzzy feelings of great satisfaction and fulfillment : knowing that one ’s code was used to help the Katrina hurricane victims , that it helps organizations like Amnesty International or Front Line fight for human rights defenders , or that it helps organizations like the Wikimedia Foundation better organize their great work on Wikipedia and all their other projects . "
Further information about downloading , using , and contributing to CiviCRM can be found at http://civicrm.org.
An ongoing discussion of comparisons between free software database options is on the FSF's LibrePlanet wiki at http://groups.fsf.org/wiki/Donor_Transaction_and_Contact_System.
For a description of the dangers in relying on " software as a service , " see " Who does that server really serve ? " .
About the Free Software Foundation The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
About Free Software and Open Source
The free software movement 's goal is freedom for computer users .
Some , especially corporations , advocate a different viewpoint , known as " open source , " which cites only practical goals such as making software powerful and reliable , focuses on development models , and avoids discussion of ethics and freedom .
These two viewpoints are different at the deepest level .
For more explanation , see http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.html.
Media Contacts John Sullivan Operations Manager Free Software Foundation +1 ( 617 ) 542 5942 address@hidden ###
reply via email to
[ Prev in Thread ] Current Thread [ Next in Thread ]
9/11 link to rise in male foetal death rate , study says
Male foetuses appear more sensitive to stress than female ones
The stress caused by the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center may have led to an increase in miscarriages of male foetuses , US researchers say .
A study in BMC Public Health found 12 % more male babies were lost in September 2001 after the 20th week of pregnancy than in a " normal " September .
Data says fewer boys were born in all states three to four months after 9/11 .
The review by the University of California , Irvine , is said to support the theory of " communal bereavement " .
This is defined as acute mental distress related to a major national event , like 9/11 , even if there is no direct connection to those who died or were involved in these events .
Across many species , stressful times reportedly reduce the male birth rate
Dr Tim Bruckner , University of California Pregnant mothers are thought to be particularly prone to this experience , as are unborn baby boys .
In order to analyse male foetal death rates , the researchers gathered data for the years 1996 - 2002 .
When they analysed the data , they found that the average number of reported male foetal deaths per month in the US for that period was 995 .
Female foetal deaths numbered 871 on average per month .
In September 2001 , however , their research showed an additional 120 male foetal losses , equivalent to a 12 % increase .
Dr Tim Bruckner , who led the research at the University of California , Irvine , said that miscarriages were grossly under -reported in the US and that the real figure of male foetal losses was likely to be much higher .
Explaining the findings he said : " Across many species , stressful times reportedly reduce the male birth rate .
" This is commonly thought to reflect some mechanism conserved by natural selection to improve the mother 's overall reproductive success . "
However , by studying birth rates nine months after the 11 September attacks , researchers say there was no evidence that the conception of male babies was affected .
Almost 3,000 people lost their lives after two hijacked passenger jets were flown into the 110 - storey World Trade Center Twin Towers , causing both to collapse .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Once I met a woman with a beautiful newborn girl .
" What 's her name ? " I asked .
" Murray , " said her mother happily .
" Murray Olivia . "
Thank God for middle names .
But " Murray " did not make the list of most - regretted girl 's names .
What did ?
Advertisement
There are some goofy names out there .
Sure , I 'm probably in the belly of the beast in brownstone Brooklyn , but sometimes it seems like sensible monikers have gone the way of the dodo .
( I do n't recuse my own ; playgroups are apparently rife with little Sadies and Pearls and Maxes and generally read like the sign - in list for a Miami water - aerobics class . )
On the up - side , there should be a definite downturn in playground name - teasing ; who 's going to bother taunting another kid's handle when everyone 's named after a 19th century theologian , a Brutalist architest or an obscure European cartoon character ... nevermind the fact that " Django " does n't rhyme with anything .
And yet , the names that make up the " most - regretted " list seem pretty , well , tame .
( Possibly because the sorts of people who go in for the really peculiar ones are either defiant or ... in Hollywood ? )
Granted , this is a British list ( courtesy of the Sun ) and the trends vary - and maybe I 'm defensive because my brother and father 's names , respectively , take up positions 8 and 9 on the male list .
But " William ? " " Jessica ? " " Grace ? "
Anyway , here 's the list of " Regrettable Baby Names " ( and check out the pained , disillusioned expression of the baby in the accompanying picture ) :
BOYS
1. William
2. Oliver
3. Jack
4. Alfie
5. Thomas
6. Joshua
7. Daniel
8. Charlie
9 . Harry
10 . James
Advertisement
GIRLS
1. Chloe
2. Ruby
3. Olivia
4. Emily
5. Grace
6. Jessica
7. Charlotte
8. Evie
9. Sophie
10 . Daisy
Yes , maybe " Harry " evokes boy witches .
And maybe Charlotte 's mom will get over SATC fever .
But are n't there monikers out there more likely to cause a child psychic distress ?
Even so , there are options and solutions later in life — more than one scion of flower - children saw fit to re-christen himself as soon as he became sentient .
Nor are parents tied to one bad decision :
My grandfather famously came home one day and announced that my teen mother and her grown siblings were to be re-named " Tamasin , " " Meigs " and " Return . "
( They failed to respond to the new names and eventually , like many of his schemes , it was forgotten . )
And what if a child finds his name too dull ?
Well , that 's what the courts are for .
19 years ago , one man may have been christened " George Garratt , " but now that teenager is legally " Captain Fantastic Faster Than Superman Spiderman Batman Wolverine Hulk And The Flash Combined . "
He says he wanted to be unique .
Hopefully Murray will agree .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Revealed : Baby Name Regrets [ SunUK ]
Teenager changes name To Captain Fantastic [ Telegraph ]
Judging by the results of our recent nuclear power poll , many of you have strong feelings about nuclear energy and its potential role in the United States ’ future .
The pros and cons of nuclear power have been well - documented for decades .
An increased reliance on nuclear energy has often been suggested in response to global climate change .
Nuclear power does n’t produce greenhouse gases like carbon - based fuels , such as coal .
Inversely , many environmentalists are concerned with the long - term effects of nuclear power .
A good option for waste storage has yet to be found , and future generations may have to deal with the mess our use of nuclear power has created .
Nuclear power disadvantages also include the cost of building nuclear power plants , which is astronomical .
Because nuclear power only provides electricity , problems involving oil would not be solved .
MOTHER EARTH NEWS has covered these issues at length in the articles , The True Costs of Nuclear Power and Nuclear Energy : Let ’s Not Repeat Our Mistakes .
While many fear the dangerous implications of building nuclear power plants in our backyards , France has depended on nuclear power for over three decades , incident free .
Read more about France ’s nuclear power success in National Public Radio ’s article , France Presses Ahead with Nuclear Power .
- Advertisement -
We want to know what you think about nuclear power .
Share your thoughts by posting a comment below .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday the federal government has the power to keep some sex offenders behind bars indefinitely after they have served their sentences if officials determine those inmates may prove " sexually dangerous " in the future .
" The federal government , as custodian of its prisoners , has the constitutional power to act in order to protect nearby ( and other ) communities from the danger such prisoners may pose , " Justice Stephen Breyer wrote for the 7 - 2 majority .
At issue was the constitutionality of federal " civil commitment " for sex offenders who are nearing the end of their confinement or who are considered too mentally incompetent to stand trial .
The main plaintiff in the case , Graydon Comstock , was certified as dangerous six days before his 37 - month federal prison term for processing child pornography was to end .
Comstock and the others filing suit remain confined at Butner Federal Correctional Complex near Raleigh , North Carolina .
Three other inmates who filed suit served prison terms of three to eight years for offenses ranging from child pornography to sexual abuse of a minor .
Another was charged with child sex abuse but was declared mentally incompetent to face trial .
All were set to be released nearly three years ago , but government appeals have blocked their freedom .
The government says about 83 people are being held under the civil commitment program .
Corrections officials and prosecutors determined the men remained a risk for further sexually deviant behavior if freed .
The inmates ' attorneys maintain the continued imprisonment violates their constitutional right of due process and argue Congress overstepped its power by allowing inmates to be held for certain crimes that normally would fall under the jurisdiction of state courts .
The law in question is the 2006 Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act , which includes a provision allowing indefinite confinement of sex offenders .
A federal appeals court in Richmond , Virginia , ruled lawmakers had overstepped their authority by passing it , prompting the current high court appeal .
" The statute is a ' necessary and proper ' means of exercising the federal authority that permits Congress to create federal criminal laws , to punish their violation , to imprison violators , to provide appropriately for those imprisoned and to maintain the security of those who are not imprisoned but who may be affected by the federal imprisonment of others , " Breyer wrote .
Breyer equated the federal civil commitment law to Congress ' long - standing authority to provide mental health care to prisoners in its custody , if they might prove dangerous , " whether sexually or otherwise . "
In dissent , Justice Clarence Thomas said the federal government overstepped its bounds .
" Congress ' power , however , is fixed by the Constitution , " Thomas wrote .
" It does not expand merely to suit the states ' policy preferences , or to allow state officials to avoid difficult choices regarding the allocation of state funds . "
He was joined by Justice Antonin Scalia .
The case represented a victory for the federal government and the woman who argued the case on its behalf , Solicitor General Elena Kagan .
President Obama nominated Kagan last week to serve on the Supreme Court .
A key lawmaker behind the Adam Walsh act applauded the ruling .
" The court 's holding today is a victory on behalf of the American people , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
" The process to enact this law to protect our children from those who would do them harm was difficult .
I am heartened to see an overwhelming majority of the Supreme Court uphold this important child protection law . "
The justices in April 2009 had blocked the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders who had served their federal sentences after the Obama administration claimed many of them remain " sexually dangerous . "
Chief Justice John Roberts ordered the men be kept in custody while the case worked its way to the high court .
Most violent sex offenses are handled at the state level , and at least 20 states run programs in which sexual predators are held indefinitely or until they are no longer considered dangerous .
The federal government 's civil commitment program is relatively new .
The Adam Walsh act was named after the son of John Walsh , host of TV's " America 's Most Wanted .
" Adam Walsh was kidnapped and murdered by a suspected child molester in 1981 .
The act also increased punishments for certain federal crimes against children and created a national registry for sex offenders .
Those aspects of the bill were not being challenged in this case .
Bunning backs Paul in Ky. primary
In a rebuke to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and the Republican establishment , retiring Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky . ) endorsed Rand Paul Wednesday in the Kentucky GOP Senate primary .
“ Dr. Paul will be his own man in Washington , not beholden to the special interests and beltway insiders who come looking for handouts on a daily basis , ” said Bunning in a statement .
Advertisement
Paul , a Bowling Green ophthalmologist and the son of former presidential candidate Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , is facing Secretary of State Trey Grayson in next month ’s primary .
By declaring his preference for Paul to succeed him , Bunning is extracting a measure of political revenge .
The 77 - year - old senator blamed McConnell and top national Republicans for pushing him to retire this year instead of seek a third term .
Bunning raised little money before angrily declaring last year that he would not run for reelection .
Still , his move comes as a surprise because , before he announced last year that he ’d bow out , Bunning also appeared to give his political blessing to Grayson , who created an exploratory committee only after meeting with the senator .
But Bunning has long been at odds with McConnell and , with Paul leading in many polls , plainly saw an opportunity to strike back at his rival and the leader of the Kentucky GOP and the Senate minority .
In the first sentence of the statement , Bunning said : “ In the United States Senate , Kentuckians need a strong , principled conservative to stand up to the liberals and establishment politicians that run Washington . ”
McConnell has not officially endorsed Grayson but his political operation is running the secretary of state ’s campaign .
Bunning ’s endorsement underlines Paul ’s strong standing just over a month before the primary .
Capturing support from many tea party activists , Paul has staked out an advantage over Grayson , the establishment - preferred candidate .
Recent automated polls show Paul enjoys a double - digit lead , even as Grayson hammers him in television ads .
Grayson ’s campaign responded to the news with a mild shot at the baseball Hall of Famer .
" We ’ve always respected Senator Bunning ’s fiscally conservative views , but even as a major league pitcher , he ’d occasionally misfire , " said Grayson campaign manager Nate Hodson .
" He is flat - out wrong about Rand Paul .
Kentuckians need a fresh face , an outsider who can stand up for Kentucky values in Washington .
Instead , as Rand Paul seeks to join the family business he has shown that he is well - versed in the ways of Washington and is willing to say anything for the sake of political expedience .
His strange views on 9/11 , Guantanamo , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , abortion and other issues simply do not match the views of Kentuckians . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
American rock singer Ronnie James Dio , who died on Sunday , popularised a hand gesture commonly used by heavy metal fans .
But what does it mean ?
THE ANSWER
It has different meanings , depending on context and position of fingers : For Dio , it was a superstitious way to ward off evil
At heavy metal gigs , fans use it to show their appreciation For Texans like George W Bush , it is a show of support for the state university In American sign language it means ' I love you ' Bill Clinton and Barack Obama have used it in this way President Obama also does a Hawaiian ' aloha ' greeting
Heavy metal singer Dio dies at 67
It 's a gesture commonly seen at rock concerts .
The index finger and the little finger are upright and the thumb is clasped against the two middle fingers .
Ronnie James Dio , who sang with Black Sabbath and Rainbow before forming his own band , was partly responsible for it becoming a common symbol among metal fans .
But it has other uses too , depending on the position of the thumb , and the context .
Here is a round - up of some of the common meanings .
' WE ARE LOVING THIS GIG ' " Ronnie started throwing the horns shortly after replacing Ozzy Osbourne as Black Sabbath 's vocalist in 1979 , " says Simon Young , news editor of heavy metal magazine Kerrang !.
" Many metal fans began to reciprocate the gesture and along with headbanging , it became synonymous with metal . "
Less energetic than headbanging Dio was n't the first , says Young .
In the 1960s , there had been Coven frontman Jinx Dawson , and the cartoon version of John Lennon on the cover of The Beatles ' Yellow Submarine was seen using it too .
But it really took off from Dio .
It has been misinterpreted as a sign of allegiance to the devil , because the shape of the fingers have been associated with 666 , the number of the beast , says Young .
But Dio , says
Young , explained that he was taught the so - called corna sign by his Italian grandmother , as a way to scare off the " evil eye " , a look which is said to cause bad luck .
It 's like knocking on wood for superstitious purposes ( more on this below ) .
Fans copied
Dio because they thought it looked cool , and it became a sign of appreciation at gigs .
But it has more recently crossed over into mainstream youth culture , says Young .
" Rihanna , Britney Spears and Avril Lavigne have all done it - perhaps they 're all secret metal fans - but it has led to several internet groups forming in protest over the ' egregious overuse and inappropriate use ' of throwing the horns .
Quite right .
Leave it to the metal fans . "
WARDING OFF THE EVIL EYE
When Dio's Italian grandmother taught him the corna sign , she was drawing on a much older superstition .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines Bram Stoker mentioned it in his novel Dracula , published in 1897 .
In the first chapter , protagonist Jonathan Harker notes the following in his journal while in Eastern Europe 's Carpathian Mountains : " When we started , the crowd round the inn door , which had by this time swelled to a considerable size , all made the sign of the cross and pointed two fingers towards me .
With some difficulty I got a fellow - passenger to tell me what they meant ; he would not answer at first , but on learning that I was English , he explained that it was a charm or guard against the evil eye . "
This superstitious belief is especially common in Italy , but it is also shared in other countries .
In southern Italy , it can also be directed at a man whose wife is thought to be unfaithful , so it should be exercised with great care .
' GO , THE TEXAN LONGHORNS '
Go , Texas !
The slogan of the University of Texas is " Hook 'em , horns " and the hand sign that illustrates this motto is the same as the one used by heavy metal fans .
It is intended to symbolise the head and horns of the university mascot , the longhorn , and has been used since the 1950s .
Fans use it as a greeting or just to emphasise their Texan identity , a demonstration most famously seen in recent years by George W Bush .
His wife Laura and daughters were also fans .
' I LOVE YOU '
With the thumb sticking out , it has a different meaning entirely .
" It is the American sign for ' I love you ' , " says Sarah Murray of the British Deaf Association .
Obama used it on the campaign trail " It would probably be recognised by people here [ in the UK ] but you would n't see it often used . "
American politicians like Barack Obama , Bill Clinton and Dick Cheney have been photographed using it in the same way , although some believe that Jimmy Carter was its first exponent when running for president in the 1970s .
When the Obamas use it with their thumb sticking out , it is different from the specifically Texan use by George Bush , says Trevor McCrisken , a professor in US politics at the University of Warwick .
" They want to show that they care about people that need to use sign language , " he says .
" If you 're at a political event in the US , there will be a couple of people down the front signing to the audience , so they 're more careful [ than in the UK ] to ensure that everyone with special needs is catered for . "
' HANG LOOSE '
It 's Ronaldinho 's trademark celebration
At his presidential inauguration , President Obama was seen doing what is known as the " shaka " greeting , which has the thumb and little finger extended .
It is also exercised by Brazilian footballer Ronaldhinho as part of his goal scoring celebrations .
In Hawaii , where the president was born , the sign conveys affection or " aloha " .
It has been adopted by the wider surfing community as a greeting meaning " hi " , " cool " or " hang loose " .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Hook ' Em Horns !!
A tribute to the University of Texas Mascot BEVO .
A sign appreciated by few , hated by most .
Due to the superiority of UT 's academics and sports teams university of students around the US put them upside down in an attempt to mock the school and its die - hard fans .
Alexander Dickey , Austin , Texas
Whatever you say guys ... it 's the ultimate heavy metal symbol ... meaning ... yes ... I 'm rockin ' it !!!
Debayan Pal , Mumbai , India
When I was growing up in Canada , that hand symbol meant " The excrement of a male bovine " , more commonly referred to as " BS " .
It was generally used by someone who did n't believe what someone else had just told them .
Gordon Morrison , Basingstoke , UK In South Africa it 's used as an expression of excellence .
It started as a cricketing term - " Give it Horns " ie the signal for a six .
The hand gesture is just a mini version .
Doug Mullins , Winchester
In Turkey , this hand gesture is adapted by the far right group Grey Wolves .
This ultra fascist organisation is behind many assassins of Turkish left - wing intellectuals and " unsolved " murders since 70s and still very much active .
James , London
I always thought it was an insult , the sign ( horns ) of the cuckold .
Made by one man to another to indicate spousal infidelity .
Micha , London , England I 've lived in Italy for 30 years and le corna is definitely the same as Bram Stocker 's meaning to block any evil spells or evil eye since you can blind the devil by poking your little finger together with index into his eyes so that you become invisible to him and bad luck .
However even worse for an Italian , le corna also means your husband / wife / partner is cheating on you ... so the mixture of superstition and profound humiliation is extremely potent .
You can protect yourself by carrying on your person a lucky charm of coral shaped like a horn .
Chris Thomas , Milan
The so - called " shaka " ( thumb and little finger extended ) is also a greeting / salute used by VW drivers ( superficial resemblance to the VW logo ) .
So perhaps Ronaldinho is a secret split - screen bus or Beetle owner ?
Richard Cornwell , Sussex , UK I was surprised to see this in Russia , but with the back of the hand facing outwards ( and not holding them above the head ) .
It means well off or rich - for example , while discussing houses : " Those houses are very [ gesture ] " .
The meaning is strengthened by using both hands , holding them side by side .
I have no idea where it came from though .
James Hazeldine , Stafford Dio popularized it , but the late Great Frank Zappa was flashing it often , himself back in the 70s .
Both men being somewhat Italian .
Frank does it in Baby Snakes , and at the beginning of his stint on Make Me Laugh facing Gallegher .
Titus Andronicus , Houston , USA
For certain Chinese communities , notably in Hong Kong and nearby regions , Obama 's horns actually means ' 7 ' .
The communities can count up 19 ( and beyond ) using a single hand .
Benjamin Siu , London , UK Somewhat oddly , you seem to have missed out the most cited answer to this question - that it is a secret society gesture .
Note - not exclusively so , but that is allegedly one of its uses .
Gareth Wilson , London Reorientate the ' shaka ' so it 's vertical instead of horizontal , and it's also the symbol for telephone , or a phone call .
DB , Amersham
The sign is commonly used in South Africa to symbolise cattle .
In African culture a man 's wealth was directly related to how many cattle he owned .
Thus by extension it has come to symbolise good luck
Steve Philpott , South Africa
In Spain , this is the cornudos [ horns ] sign .
It represents the horns of a goat and the fact that everyone but the goat can actually see the horns .
It is shown to people you wish to insult ( generally driving ) and means that they are being cuckolded right there and then .
All the other explanations seem quite polite in comparison but there must be some connection with the Italian corno .
Alan Tuthill , Heathrow I do n't know about the two horns , but I read about the two fingers - the V - is very old and comes from the days of Agincourt when the English bowmen slaughtered the French army .
Those two fingers are used to place the arrow and draw the bow string back .
If the French ever caught any bowmen those fingers were cut off .
At subsequent battles the fingers were held up as a taunt to the French
Chris , London Re Chris in London talking about the English taunting the French with two fingers - please have the QI buzzer go off in your head sir .
It 's come to mean that , but the first reference to this was n't until the 1970s ( unless Stephen Fry is wrong , and that can't be right can it ? ) .
Simon , Alvechurch
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Every now and then our Wi -Fi has a little sulk .
We do n’t know why , but it ’s entirely fixable with a swearword and the caress of a reset button .
Now , for the first time , we feel punished for the rough and readiness of our PC .
Due to our internet connection ’s occasional dropouts we ca n’t play Splinter Cell : Conviction without feeling anger and dejection .
Some people do n’t get the way the internet works you see , and the king of the Luddites has recently become Ubisoft .
The DRM on the PC releases of Conviction , Assassin ’s Creed II and Silent Hunter 5 mean an always - on internet connection is mandatory .
Therefore Ubisoft has caused distress to those with poor connections or who game on the move , as well as the majority of gamers who do n’t see why they , as legitimate customers , should be restricted by the crimes of others .
We wanted to put these concerns to Ubi , but they ‘ politely refused ’ our requests for an interview .
What ’s led us to this point then , and is there any hope of escape ?
Or is it really nothing to worry about ?
Yeah , we recently decried thepointlessnessof crying about DRM , but we also said that real discussion can be useful .
And discuss in detail we will .
Sure , you can argue about figures being affected by the consolification of the game and the targeting of the marketing , but for publishers who talk in raw cash , the pattern is still writ large : a need to favour the console in cross - platform releases , and to lock PC games tight against the forces of piracy .
It ’s debatable , but also understandable .
Above : A one - stop shop for ill - gotten games
Of course , you ca n’t assume that an illegally downloaded game is the same as a stolen purchase – there ’s no evidence that people would have bought a game in any case .
The hugely pirated Crysis is thought to have been downloaded on a whim by a large proportion of people who wanted to try it as a benchmark rather than a game .
Then again , there can only be a negative effect on retail sales – with added factors such bugged versions distributed by pirates spreading negative vibes around the internet .
Sometimes , as with the original Assassin ’s Creed , this occurs before the game is released .
Ubisoft claim ‘ irreparable damage ’ was done by a pre-release copy of that game , which included a purposefully placed show - stopping bug , being released on the internet .
Estimates place over 50 % of a game ’s illegal downloads as happening during its release week , when anticipation is highest and the publisher ’s marketing budget is being splashed around .
So DRM has often become a holding measure against pirate groups such as Razor 1911 and Skid Row ( both of whom refused to answer requests for interviews ) whose cracks are as inevitable as sunrise .
BioShock may have caused controversy with its online activation , limited installs , poor messaging to consumers , and SecuROM DRM that stays in your PC after the game is removed , but it still took 13 days for it to be hacked – a minor triumph .
Of course the adverse publicity harmed 2 K Games ’ reputation with gamers , showing that moderation is required in these matters .
The other day - one hazard is for servers ( and customer services ) to be bombarded with the needs of those who ’ve installed pirated versions of games .
Notably , Gas Powered Games ’ approach to copy protection with Demigod took its servers down , as 18,000 legitimate buyers logged in alongside over 100,000 pirates .
Up until now , DRM has been about stemming the inevitable tide rather than assuming that a game will be safe from being cracked forever .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 19/5/2010 ( 3787 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
Mrs. Cranky Grammar
Lady would like a word with you .
Yes , you .
The ones selling TV's , CD's and VCR's .
The ones who paid a sign painter to splash semi-literate ads across the front of their stores .
The ones who would n't know an apostrophe from a possessive if it slapped them across the face with a gerund .
The one who believes
Im an idiot because I cant accept that none of this matter 's .
So to speak .
Mrs. Cranky Grammar
Lady is feeling touchy , her go - to position in these trying times .
She is mourning the loss of the apostrophe , an old friend who served the world well .
It has almost vanished from correct usage , sacrificed to a world where a contraction only happen to pregnant women .
A 10 - minute drive around Winnipeg reveals the breadth of the problem .
From billboards ( yes , BOB FM , I mean you and your " 80's , 90's and more whatever than ever before " ) to hand - lettered signs to boulevard displays advertising the daily " special 's , " we have abandoned proper punctuation .
We will now turn to the late New York Times columnist William Safire for an explanation of apostrophes :
One of the purposes of the apostrophe is to indicate possession -- that something belongs to someone or something .
An apostrophe and an 's ' may be added to a word to indicate possession , or just an apostrophe is added .
There 's more :
The second purpose of the apostrophe is to indicate omission of letters or numbers -- words or numbers are combined or shortened , forming contractions .
He offered the following examples :
1 . Do not becomes do n't .
2 . Will not becomes wo n't .
3 . They are becomes they 're .
4 . Who is becomes who's .
Why does any of this matter ?
Mrs. Cranky Grammar Lady was raised to value apostrophes .
Indeed , she was raised to value all punctuation .
Her mother was an English teacher , she was an English major , she is a journalist and she is married to a teacher .
As well , she has far too much time on her hands .
Now , I am not picking on any local company .
Well , maybe BOB FM ( for the record , it 's " 80s , 90s and more whatever " ) but it seems pawn shops are often guilty of this grammar infraction .
Many of them sell " stereo's " and " DVD's " .
But the sin can be found everywhere .
The Burger King on Portage Avenue is advertising " Angry Whopper Its Back . "
At a later date , Mrs. Cranky Nutrition Lady will address all foods described as " angry . "
A local company sells refrigerators and is especially proud of its " Walk In's . "
Clearline deals in " RV's . "
You can play the " VLT 's " at several local bars .
We wo n't even start with Tim Hortons , a chain named for Tim Horton .
Yes , there should be an apostrophe .
Free Press Books editor Morley Walker , a noted crank , believes the misuse of apostrophes is a symptom of a much larger problem .
" It 's everywhere , " says Walker , his cheeks turning an attractive red .
" We are surrounded by grammatical errors .
People pay to have signs painted and they 're wrong .
Everywhere I turn , I see another example . "
Is there a solution ?
Well , we could just give in and accept a world where " kid 's " play outside , " LP's " are collected and the " Jones " are kept up with .
Or we can continue the fight , raging against text abbreviations ( " U cant go 2 skool " ) .
We can reject the semi-literate , the grammatically challenged and the indifference to the vanishing apostrophe .
Or we can wave goodbye , whistling as our friends the semi-colon and the ellipses disappear without a whimper .
Mrs. Cranky Grammar
Lady gets the vapours at the thought .
lindor.reynolds@freepress.mb.ca
My fellow PT blogger Christopher Ryan recently put up a post explaining the allure of breasts .
As he correctly explained , there are several evolutionary explanations for men's visual intoxication with breasts .
In today 's post , I 'd like to discuss a consequence of this within the service industry .
Michael Lynn is a professor of and marketing at the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration , and perhaps the most eminent researcher on tipping behavior .
He has explored numerous variables that affect the size of tips left by patrons .
In a recent study published in the Archives of Sexual Behavior , Professor Lynn found a positive correlation between the breast size of waitresses ( n = 432 ) and the size of their tips ( both were self - reported measures ) .
He did not split the tipping data by of the patrons .
One might expect that the " breast effect " might enhance tips for male patrons whereas female patrons might " punish " shapely waitresses ( intra - sexual rivalry ) .
The existing data did not allow for a more refined set of analyses to test such possibilities .
Also , Lynn notes that he might have expected a quadratic relationship between breast size and size of tips , namely , breasts that are too small or too big would result in lower tips than medium sized breasts .
However , his data suggests that bigger is always better ... at least when it comes to tipping behavior !
Do n't blame the messenger .
I am only reporting the findings . ☺
Ciao for now .
Source for Image :
http://newworldodor.files.wordpress.com/2009/02/hooters-girls-1.jpg
TWO AFL footballers are on the brink of being named and suspended for illicit - drug use after testing positive twice last year .
Those two players , whose identities have not been revealed , accounted for two of the 14 failed tests among players in 2009 .
The AFL's Adrian Anderson Credit : Paul Rovere
While the overall number of failed tests has risen — in 2008 there were 12 — the proportion of them has fallen for the fourth consecutive year .
Drug -testers conducted another 348 more tests last year , with an increased emphasis on targeting players with strikes , but recorded only two more failures from players .
This spring ’s college graduates face better job prospects than the dismal environment encountered by last year ’s grads .
But that does n’t mean the job market is thriving .
Average starting salaries are down , and employers plan to make only 5 percent more job offers to new graduates this spring compared to last spring , when job offers were down 20 percent from 2008 levels , according to a study by the National Association of Colleges and Employers , which tracks recruitment data .
Liam O’Reilly , who just graduated from the University of Maryland with a bachelor ’s degree in history , said he had applied to 50 employers — to be a paralegal , a researcher for a policy organization , an administrative assistant — but he had gotten hardly any interviews .
While continuing to search for something he truly wants , he has taken a minimum - wage job selling software that includes an occasional commission .
“ Had I realized it would be this bad , I would have applied to grad school , ” Mr. O’Reilly said .
The study by the National Association of Colleges and Employers found that 24 percent of 2010 college graduates who applied for a job have one waiting after graduation , up from 20 percent last year .
But the average salary offered to graduates with a bachelor ’s degree has slipped 1.7 percent from last year , to $ 47,673 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Meet the new religious right , same as the old religious right .
Kinda sorta .
Coral Ridge Ministries , a longtime player in the mission to Christianize ( or , as they might put it , re-Christianize ) America , is beating a new political drum .
Its message is custom - tailored not to the Gospels , but to the alleged political mood of the US in these times .
The argument : Socialism is ungodly .
Barack Hussein Obama is a socialist .
In fact , all Democrats are socialists .
And Democrats run the government .
Ergo , our government is ungodly .
So what do you do when you ’re in possession of this ultimate truth and want to share it ?
Make a star - studded “ documentary ” titled “ SOCIALISM : A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER … A Biblical Response . ”
And this video ’s headliners are clearly the best judges of capitalism ’s holiness ; it stars : Michelle Bachmann !
Steve Forbes !
David Horowitz !
Chuck Colson !
Some blonde lady from Concerned Women for America !
The founder of WorldNetDaily !
Some dude who defected from the Chinese national basketball team !
Plus , a quick - cut montage combining a bunch of angry rioting brown people , Fidel Castro , Hugo Chavez , and Barack Hussein Obama !
Have a gander :
While that may not sound like a new meme to regular MoJo readers — or students of US Christian politics — its stridency and bald illogic ( Jesus ?
A fan of wealth and an enemy of taxation ?
Have you not read Mark or Luke ? ) are new hat for the Ft. Lauderdale , Florida - based Coral Ridge Ministries ( CRM ) — which was set up in the ’70s by a granddaddy of the religious right and a fairly rigorous Presbyterian theologian , Dr. D. James Kennedy .
( Full disclosure : Until his recent death , Kennedy was a pastor and friend to my wife ’s family , all of whose members struggled in some way to square his friendship and Gospel message with his vengeful , firebrand political proselytzing . )
The Obama=Big Government Takeovers =Socialism =Communism=Stalin claptrap is no short - term ploy for media attention , either : CRM ’s busy - bee writer - in - residence has opened a second front in this struggle against sound arguments , releasing two lightly researched and atrociously written books , RADICAL RULERS : The White House Elites Who Are Pushing America Toward Socialism and 10 Truths About Socialism ( which states , “ Socialism has failed wherever it has been tried , ” then informs the reader with an asterisk that “ the term ‘ socialism ’ is used interchangeably with ‘ communism ’ throughout this book ” ) .
The mental gymnastics involved in believing these “ truths ” are truly Olympian .
And they often make for strange bedfellows , as when a CRM minister explains in a short video that Glenn Beck , an unsaved Mormon , is right on the mark on the subject of theology and politics :
The phrase ‘ social justice , ’ as Beck accurately explained , is usually code for the view held by Karl Marx and socialists everywhere that inequalities of wealth are a wrong to be righted by force .
It makes equality of results , not equality of opportunity , the ultimate goal .
It ’s also , frankly , loaded up with envy , a decidedly un-Christian attitude … Because socialism is unbiblical , churches that get derailed by Marxist ideas also historically abandon the supernatural gospel of salvation by faith in short order .
Though Beck is a Mormon and not a biblical Christian , he ’s right about one thing :
You should flee from such a church .
So , why ’s all this bosh and nonsense coming from a ministry that was founded by Kennedy , an intellectually capable Calvinist with a PhD from NYU — who once remarked , “ Evangelical ministers [ need ] to be thoroughly educated and equipped to meet on equal terms anyone with whom they come in contact ” ?
He ’s a fascinating study as evangelical firebrands go : A sinfully boastful man whose pride found harbor in a shrill right - leaning media empire .
But my discussions with many of his former parishioners indicate that this was largely a stage persona , somewhat at odds with his theology , entirely tailored for its appeal to the unsaved masses .
It worked in the 1970s and ’ 80s , when the Christian Coalition rose ; it worked in the ’90s , when Republicans revolted and multiculturalism and “ special rights ” were attacked .
And it ’s certain to work now with Tea Partiers and racists , who wo n’t help but be warmed in the cockles of their hearts by that documentary ’s opening Obama montage .
The founding fathers of the Christian right ’s media age are dying : men like Kennedy and Falwell and Roberts and Swaggart , who , for all their obnoxiousness , hypocrisy , and human fallibility , recognized that the TV pastor ’s role was as much entertainer as intoner .
But who is replacing them ?
If CRM ’s video and print onslaught are a true indication , the religious conservative media elite is being supplanted by faithful disciples of little mind , who do n’t recognize the difference between the sideshow and the truth ; for them , the sideshow is the truth .
The theology , so far as it exists , is political anger .
One wonders how this carbon copy of faith , standing in for faith itself , can be good for any soul — saved or otherwise .
Founding attorney Grant Kaplan has over 29 years of experience in international law .
From offices in Boca Raton , Florida , Mr. Kaplan represents people and companies in immigration cases throughout the United States .
He is also available to travel to foreign embassies and consulates .
Mr. Kaplan also has an active legal practice in Johannesburg , South Africa , and associated offices in London and worldwide .
Giving You
Honest and Realistic Advice
People often experience issues related to their immigration status .
Whether the matter pertains to getting a visa , securing a green card or completing an international adoption , the Law Offices of Grant Kaplan is here to provide you with realistic expectations of the results .
We help you resolve your issue as quickly and cost - effectively as possible while still providing quality service personalized to the facts of your case .
TUCSON , Ariz . —Andy
Goss knows exactly what he 'll do if he wins his long - shot race for Congress .
First , he 'll cut lawmakers ' pay 40 % to $ 104,400 .
Then the former Army interrogator will use the savings to build a Capitol Hill barracks where all 535 senators and representatives will be required to live .
" If our military has to live in such a fashion , I think we congressmen should also , " says Mr. Goss , one of four men seeking the Republican nomination in southeastern Arizona .
This ...
Real Life Training or Humiliation ?
German Unemployed Sent to Fake Supermarket to Hone Skills
Inflatable cheese , plastic money and wine bottles full of tinted water :
What sounds like a preschool game is actually a full - scale , fake supermarket used for retraining the long - term unemployed .
Hamburg 's simulated shopping trip is costing German taxpayers millions and delivering little success .
Sierra Nevada from Lone Pine , California ( Winter Sunrise ) Ansel Adams , 1944Est : $ 300,000 - $ 500,000 David Hockney once said he could n’t look at any photograph for more than 30 seconds .
This one can be gazed at for as long as it would take you to cross the fields , meander up the foothills , and climb those mountains .
American space is different : there is more of it , and heaven is just beyond the horizon Photograph : Ansel Adams / Courtesy Sotheby 's New York
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 18 de mayo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
14:01
El secretario de Comunicaciones y Transportes ( SCT ) , Juan Molinar Horcasitas , dijo que M�xico contin�a con una brecha digital que provoca altos costos en el uso de Internet .
Aunque reconoci� que hay avances en la materia , sostuvo que �stos son insuficientes porque en el pa�s se paga m�s por menos velocidad y menos banda ancha .
' M�xico sigue a la zaga entre los pa�ses de la OCDE , con una tasa de 9.5 suscriptores de Internet por cada 100 habitantes , cuando Espa�a , Jap�n , Estados Unidos o Francia tienen tasas superiores a 20 suscriptores por cada 100 ' , refiri� .
En el marco del Foro de Tecnolog�a Empresarial organizado por la Confederaci�n de C�maras Nacionales de Comercio , Servicios y Turismo ( Concanaco - Servytur ) , el funcionario federal dijo que otra condici�n que separa a los mexicanos del acceso a Internet es la falta de infraestructura en regiones apartadas de pa�s .
The ‘ China ate my jobs ’ fallacy
Does China control the fate of the U.S. labor market ?
Fred Bergsten , the distinguished director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics , writes that persuading China to boost the value of its currency would be " by far the most cost - effective possible step to reduce the unemployment rate and help speed economic recovery " in the United States .
He claims that " such a trade correction would generate an additional 600,000 to 1.2 million jobs . "
In this claim he actually underbids competitors such as Paul Krugman ( 1.4 million jobs ) of the New York Times and Rob Scott ( 2.4 million ) of the Economic Policy Institute .
Praiseworthy as Bergsten ’s moderation may be , how does one get a number like his ?
Here is his chain of assumptions :
China will revalue its currency significantly .
Bergsten estimates that the renminbi is undervalued by about 40 percent against the U.S. dollar .
Chinese revaluation will cut the U.S. trade deficit ( i.e. , increase exports relative to imports ) .
Cutting the U.S. trade deficit will bring American jobs .
Every single link in this chain is weak .
Let ’s take them in turn .
Weak link No. 1 : While estimates may vary about how much China ought to revalue , there is less quibbling about how much China is likely to revalue .
I agree with Gary Hufbauer , also of the Peterson Institute , who writes :
The period between July 2005 and July 2008 , when China temporarily abandoned its peg to the U.S. dollar , suggests the maximum extent and pace the Chinese might allow the yuan to appreciate .
During that period , the yuan increased 20.15 percent against the dollar ; on a per month basis the average increase was 0.52 percent . "
So the most likely outcome is a modest appreciation of the renminbi .
But even if the United States could compel a 40 percent overnight appreciation , China would be left reeling from the magnitude of the economic shock .
It would be unlikely to turn into a vibrant source of demand for Western goods .
Weak link No. 2 : If we think that China will reproduce past behavior with a new appreciation policy , we might look at the same time period for guidance on results .
As Dan Ikenson of the Cato Institute notes , when China appreciated from 2005 to 2008 , " the trade deficit , according to the trade statistics compiled by the U.S. Census Bureau , nevertheless increased to $ 268 billion from $ 202 billion . "
Those are numbers for the economically - meaningless but politically - potent U.S. - China bilateral trade deficit .
How could that move in the wrong direction ?
For one thing , we live in a multilateral world and U.S. and Chinese trade balances with other countries can shift in offsetting ways .
Furthermore , exchange rates are only one determinant of trade balances ; changes in consumption and productivity can also matter .
Weak link No. 3 : Suppose we nevertheless managed to cut the overall U.S. trade deficit through Chinese reform ; at least this would create jobs , right ?
Here Bergsten bases his argument on some particularly dubious economic reasoning , which claims 6,000 to 8,000 jobs for every billion dollars of exports .
That comes from reports like this one yesterday from the Commerce Department .
The model they use roughly works like this :
Suppose a firm with 12,000 employees sells $ 2 billion of manufactures every year and exports half ( $ 1 billion ) .
The analysis assumes that half of the employees are supported by exports , hence 6,000 jobs per billion of exports .
But if you get beyond the headline section of the Commerce report , you hit the cautions from the economists : this does not tell you what the next $ 100 million of exports will get you .
Imagine that the firm exports $ 100 million more , but cuts its domestic sales by the same amount .
That means more exports but probably no more jobs .
Or imagine it leaves its domestic sales unchanged , but just asks existing workers to work harder .
That , in fact , is what we ’ve seen in this recession , as firm productivity has increased ( more output with fewer workers ) .
At annual rates , U.S. manufacturing output per hour worked in the last three quarters of 2009 increased by 6.6 percent , 14.8 percent , and 6.6 percent , respectively .
In normal times , economists routinely scoff at the idea of trade setting the overall number of jobs .
The Federal Reserve sets monetary policy to target ‘ full employment , ’ a rate that depends on factors such as the characteristics of the labor force and employment regulation .
Trade helps determine the types of jobs , but not the overall number .
Of course , these are not normal times .
The Federal Reserve is struggling to boost the economy .
Perhaps the old truths do not apply ?
Perhaps in these difficult times , a cut in the trade deficit will boost jobs ?
We can check empirically .
From July 2008 to February 2010 , the U.S. monthly trade deficit with the world shrank from $ 65 billion to $ 40 billion .
By Bergsten ’s reasoning , that should have created 150,000 jobs per month , or 1.8 million at an annual rate .
In fact , we lost 7.2 million jobs over the same period .
One might object to this sort of empirical refutation : of course there were other things going on !
You cannot just assume that trade explains everything or rely so heavily on a rule of thumb calculation .
We need a more sophisticated model .
Just so .
We have a more sophisticated model , from Ray Fair , a macroeconomist at Yale .
With careful econometric estimation , he finds that , on balance , China ’s currency undervaluation in recent years was a slight positive for U.S. job creation .
This is the opposite of Bergsten ’s contention .
As I have argued at length elsewhere , China ought to revalue its currency , but this should not be seen as a major U.S. jobs program
Some things never get old … like wearing spandex and makeup , spouting blood and fire , and rock ’n’rolling all night and partying every day .
Not even when they ’re done by 60 something grandpa Gene Simmons .
KISS will hit the road this summer on their “ Hottest Show on Earth ” tour , kicking off July 23 in Cheyenne , WY , and you can bet your platform boots there will plenty of the aforementioned goodies .
The 28 - date tour , their second since the release of 2009 ’s comeback effort Sonic Boom , will lead the rock vets from Boston to Dallas , before closing out on September 24 in Phoenix .
The band is promising to perform all their biggest hits , plus classics they have n’t played live in years .
Presale tickets are available beginning Wednesday , June 2 , at 10 A.M. via Citi ’s Private Pass Program .
Get details here .
KISS will donate $ 1 from each ticket to benefit the United States Armed Forces ’ Wounded Warriors Project .
Which band could possibly open for KISS ?
No , not these fellow eyeliner and fake blood enthusiasts , but , just maybe …
YOU !
KISS and Guitar Center are teaming up to launch a talent search to pick the supporting act .
Click here for more info .
SPIN contributing writer Travis Wright reviewed the opening date of KISS ’ 2009 tour in Detroit : “ ‘ We know what you ’re here for — you want that cool , classic old stuff and we ’re going to cover it all tonight , ’ guitarist / singer Paul Stanley promised a roaring crowd of more than 21,000 .
And they did — flawlessly . ”
Will you catch KISS on tour this summer ?
Tell us in the comment section below .
KISS ’ “ Hottest Show on Earth ” tour dates :
7/23 , Cheyenne , WY ( Cheyenne Frontier Days )
7/24 , Minot , ND ( North Dakota State Fair )
7/29 , Pittsburgh , PA ( First Niagara Pavilion )
7/30 , Cincinnati , OH ( Riverbend Music Center )
7/31 , Hershey , PA ( Hershey Park Stadium )
8/6 , Philadelphia , PA ( Susquehanna Bank Center )
8/7 , Boston , MA ( Comcast Center )
8/9 , Indianapolis , IN ( Indiana State Fairgrounds )
8/13 , Buffalo , NY ( Darien Lake Performing Arts Center )
8/14 , Wantagh , NY ( Nikon at Jones Beach Theater )
8/15 , Scranton , PA ( Toyota Pavilion )
8/19 , Uncasville , CT ( Mohegan Sun Arena )
8/20 , Holmdel , NJ ( PNC Bank Arts Center )
8/21 , Washington DC ( Jiffy Lube Live )
8/27 , Virginia Beach , VA ( Virginia Beach Amphitheater )
8/28 , Charlotte , NC ( Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre )
8/29 , Raleigh , NC ( Time Warner Cable Music Pavilion at Walnut Creek )
9/2 , Milwaukee , WI ( Marcus Amphitheatre )
9/3 , Chicago , IL ( First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre )
9/4 , St. Paul , MN ( Minnesota State Fair )
9/10 , Toronto , ON ( Molson Canadian Amphitheatre )
9/11 , Detroit , MI ( DTE Energy Music Theatre )
9/12 , Cleveland , OH ( Blossom Music Center )
9/17 , Houston , TX ( Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion )
9/18 , Dallas , TX ( Pizza Hut Park )
9/19 , San Antonio , TX ( AT&T Center )
9/22 , Sandy , UT ( Rio Tinto Stadium )
9/24 , Phoenix , AZ ( Cricket Wireless Pavilion )
It came under almost immediate monitoring from Israeli drones and the navy , with two vessels flanking it in international waters .
The flotilla , which had been warned that it would not be allowed to reach Gaza , attempted to slow and change course , hoping to prevent a confrontation until daylight , when the Israeli military action could be better filmed .
Whatever happens during Saturday 's Championship play - off final , it will finish with a club celebrating elevation to entirely new territory .
Blackpool last played top - flight football in 1971 , while Cardiff have not been there since 1961 , so an entire generation of Seasiders and Bluebirds has been able to do nothing more than wonder what it feels like to rub shoulders with the elite on a weekly basis .
I fully imagine that the money men at both clubs are salivating at the prospect of promotion after the Sport Business Group at Deloitte estimated Saturday 's Wembley contest to be worth £ 90 m to the winning team .
But although Blackpool and Cardiff are united by a common desire , there is plenty of evidence to suggest the final will be a game of contrasting styles and personalities .
Jones ( right ) is a steady and calm presence at Cardiff
Promotion for Cardiff would be the culmination of five seasons of steady progress and development under manager Dave Jones .
The 53 - year - old has often come across as a slightly downbeat character .
He is careful with his words and keeps his emotions in check , while the camera often catches him with his hands on his hips as he stands in his technical area , impassively watching events in front of him
But if Jones hardly goes out of his way to outwardly demonstrate his desire to succeed , then the occasional outburst has hinted at the determination that burns within , while those who know him well speak of his dry wit .
Furthermore , there can be no doubt that Jones has remained a steady and dignified presence at a club that has faced a High Court winding - up order this season over an unpaid tax bill and has debts of more than £ 15 m .
In his time in charge , the Welsh club have reached the 2008 FA Cup final and suffered the heartache of missing out on the Championship play - offs on the final day of the 2008 - 09 season .
Jones has rebuilt his squad several times and profited from a series of talented homegrown players such as Aaron Ramsey , Joe Ledley and Adam Matthews .
His achievements are impressive and victory at Wembley would be rich reward for his hard work .
So to Blackpool .
Promotion for the Tangerines would end a spectacular first season under manager Ian Holloway .
Upbeat , witty and a huge fan of stretching a metaphor to its very furthest point , the 47 - year - old seems the sort of bloke who would be brilliant company over a few beers .
The problem for Holloway was that he had started to be regarded more as a joker than a manager - and he found himself out of work for a year after he was sacked by Leicester in May 2008 .
When he took over at Blackpool 12 months ago , he was determined to tone down the gags and focus on bold , attacking football .
He has done both with considerable success - to the extent that an unwelcome distraction during the build - up to the final has been the suggestion that West Ham wanted him to become their new manager .
Expect the Seasiders to stick with their tried and trusted 4 - 3 - 3 formation on Saturday , with a front line of Brett Ormerod , DJ Campbell and Gary Taylor - Fletcher .
Campbell is on loan from Leicester and would have been ineligible for the final if the Foxes had defeated Cardiff in the semi-finals - a terrible shame given that his hat - trick propelled Blackpool to a sensational 4 - 3 win in the second leg of their own semi-final against Nottingham Forest .
Blackpool stunned Forest with their counter - attacking football , with substitute Stephen Dobbie scoring one and creating a further two for Campbell .
Dobbie is also on loan , from Swansea , while impressive full - back Seamus Coleman is another loanee , from Everton .
If Cardiff 's success is the result of steady planning and improvement , then Holloway has moulded his team with incredible speed .
Adam has been sensational for Blackpool this season
The key player for Blackpool this season has unquestionably been Charlie Adam , who joined from Rangers for a club record £ 500,000 last summer after an initial spell on loan towards the end of the 2008 - 09 campaign .
Tangerines chairman Karl Oyston is often criticised by the club 's supporters but he showed his ambition by sanctioning the signing - and the rewards have been obvious , with Adam scoring 16 league goals this season and making the PFA Championship team of the year .
Adam has been slightly below his best in recent weeks , but then again he has been one booking from a three - match suspension after reaching 14 yellow cards .
Do n't expect him to hold anything back at Wembley .
Picking out a key individual for Cardiff is less clear - cut .
However , Peter Whittingham was the joint - highest scorer in the Championship with 20 goals , a considerable achievement for a wide player .
Michael Chopra found the net 16 times in the league , while strike partner Jay Bothroyd showed against Leicester an ability to drop deep and link play that could stretch Blackpool 's three - man midfield .
Blackpool scored 74 league goals during the regular season , Cardiff 73 , while the two meetings between the sides both finished 1 - 1 .
Holloway 's team have won eight of their last 10 , while Jones 's men have tasted defeat just twice in 13 games .
It will be a final between two form teams .
But I suspect that many neutrals will favour the unfancied Tangerines , especially fans of other Premier League clubs who fancy the idea of a saucy kiss - me - quick weekend at the seaside .
I just hope that it is an exciting match that does not succumb to the defensive mindset that so often destroys big games , especially when the huge prize of Premier League football is at stake .
You can follow me throughout the season at twitter.com / Paul__Fletcher
The betting is that the Labor Department 's Friday snapshot of the job market will show that employers added workers in April , perhaps even that the unemployment rate fell .
That would be good news , but not good enough .
It 's hard to exaggerate how bad the job market is .
Here 's one arresting fact :
One of every five men 25 to 54 is n't working .
Even ...
Opera has joined in the argument over Flash , with the company telling TechRadar that it will support Flash for the time being , but that Adobe needs to start embracing web standards if it does n't want to come under constant attack .
Opera 's growing influence in browsers has been illustrated by the huge take - up of the Opera browser for iPhone , but as that company shocked the tech world by actually getting the product through Apple 's vetting process , Adobe found itself under fire from Steve Jobs himself .
Opera 's product analyst Phillip Grønvold believes that support for Flash is critical at the current time , but that times are changing fast as HTML5 moves closer .
Dependant on Flash
" Today 's internet content is dependant on Flash , " said Grønvold .
" If you remove Flash you do not have today 's internet .
" We are trying to give the best internet experience for our users therefore we need Flash - there is no way to beat around that bush . "
" But at Opera we say that the future of the web is open web standards and Flash is not an open web standards technology .
" Flash does have its purposes and will have its purposes , the same as [ Microsoft's ]
Silverlight and others , especially for dynamic content .
" But flash as a video container makes very little sense for CPU , WiFi battery usage etcetera – you can cook an egg on [ devices ] once you start running Flash on them and there 's a reason for that . "
Change needed
Grønvold believes that Adobe must move fast to embrace the openness of the web if it is to evade the kind of PR disaster that was Jobs ' uncharacteristically lengthy diatribe about the company .
" For some reason it 's not part of the fabric of the web currently and Flash either needs to include itself in the future of the web and open web standards or its technology is going to be consistently under attack from all sides as the open web standard movement grows further and further , " said Grønvold .
" Because eventually we will have the canvas [ of the web ] in good quality and we 'll have the toolsets to use that canvas in the quality but in the foreseeable future , 18 months or so , Flash is not going away and it is critical . "
So , no stinging rebuke from Opera – but it is clear that the web giants are not rushing to defend Adobe from the might of Apple , and that in itself speaks volumes .
Auf Wiedersehen Machos Green Party Unveils a ' New Man ' Manifesto
A new manifesto from the German Green Party aims to banish macho men for good .
It has stirred debate among men , even if a number of female Green politicians remain unconvinced .
America 's iconic buffalo , some say , have made a comeback .
But with more than 400,000 bison in mainly fenced , commercial herds in the U.S. and Canada , they are not the free - roaming breed of yore .
But today , an attempt is underway to relaunch wild herds on public and tribal lands in Utah , Colorado and South Dakota .
As wildlife advocates push to restore free - roaming herds , they have been held back by the presence of the cattle disease brucellosis in Yellowstone bison .
Billionaire Ted Turner , the largest private landowner in the U.S and the owner of the largest private buffalo herd in the world -- 55,000 bison -- is working with the Montana Department of Fish , Wildlife and Parks to nurture a brucellosis - free stock of Yellowstone bison , the only large , genetically pure stock .
Under an experimental program getting underway this spring , Turner is housing a quarantined test group of 87 Yellowstone bison at his ranch near Bozeman .
If successful , it could be a landmark step toward repopulating the West with truly wild buffalo , not the bison mixed with cattle genes that are typical of the many fenced herds .
That 's still a long way from the days that 30 million bison stormed and thrashed across the Great Plains .
Read more in L.A. Times reporter Kim Murphy 's account .
Photo : Bison that migrate out of Yellowstone National Park in the winter and spring to seek food and give birth are driven back .
Officials say it ’s to keep them from infecting livestock with a disease .
Critics say it ’s about keeping bison off grass meant for cattle .
Credit : Myung J. Chun / Los Angeles Times
Police pursuits are pretty common in Southern California .
But you could call the one that occurred Monday an all - pro affair .
According to the Orange County Sheriff 's Department , a man lead authorities on a 50 - mile chase from San Clemente to La Jolla .
The suspect drove a Corvette , clocking speeds of up to 140 mph .
But when they finally stopped the car , they discovered they were dealing with no ordinary driver .
James Neal turned out to be a former NASCAR driver .
Neal pleaded guilty on Tuesday to misdemeanor felony evasion while driving recklessly and has been sentenced to a month in jail and probation .
Abstract
The accumulation of base substitutions ( mutations ) not subject to natural selection is the neutral mutation rate .
Because this rate reflects the in vivo processes involved in maintaining the integrity of genetic information , the factors that affect the neutral mutation rate are of considerable interest .
Mammals exhibit two dramatically different neutral mutation rates : the CpG mutation rate , wherein the C of most CpGs ( i.e. , methyl - CpG ) mutate at 10 – 50 times that of C in any other context or of any other base .
The latter mutations constitute the non-CpG rate .
The high CpG rate results from the spontaneous deamination of methyl - C to T and incomplete restoration of the ensuing T:G mismatches to C: Gs .
Here , we determined the neutral non-CpG mutation rate as a function of CpG content by comparing sequence divergence of thousands of pairs of neutrally evolving chimpanzee and human orthologs that differ primarily in CpG content .
Both the mutation rate and the mutational spectrum ( transition / transversion ratio ) of non-CpG residues change in parallel as sigmoidal ( logistic ) functions of CpG content .
As different mechanisms generate transitions and transversions , these results indicate that both mutation rate and mutational processes are contingent on the local CpG content .
We consider several possible mechanisms that might explain how CpG exerts these effects .
Samorost 2 donated to the Humble Indie Bundle Samorost 2 donated to the Humble Indie Bundle
As of this writing , over $ 600,000 from over 72,000 people has been contributed to the Humble Indie Bundle !
I talked to fellow indies Amanita Design this morning and they would like to contribute to the Humble Bundle too .
However , they are doing it in their own way : in a magnificent turn of events , Amanita Design is donating their award - winning popular game Samorost 2 to you .
Head over to your personal download page and grab it !
To everyone who contributed for the five games -- thanks to Amanita Design 's generosity , you now have a sixth !
Please consider thanking them and please spread the word about the bundle to your friends .
If you have n't paid - what - you - want to grab the Humble Indie Bundle yet , click here to get over there -- now with a bonus sixth game !
Thanks Amanita Design and thanks to everyone who has donated so far !
“ This is a skateboard video about 2 men from Wisconsin which serves to remind us that sometimes it ’s not about how high you can ollie , it ’s about how far you can power slide . ”
If you ’ve been following the GNOME Shell design documents you may have noticed that it had these FIXMEs and sets of random notes where there should be designs for what we ’ve been calling the finding and reminding problem .
Now that some of the other parts of the design are falling into place – ’ bout time we get to it .
What is “ finding and reminding ” ?
Generally , having a simple and effective way to keep track of , recover , and be reminded about various types of content and information .
In the traditional desktop computing model this often meant “ file management . ”
But this is 2010 and we just do n’t want to party with files or management anymore .
They used to be cool but now they ’re old and out of shape and make us do a lot of boring work and status reports every week ?!
Sorry .
Back on track .
Most traditional computing environments offer a variety of tools which attempt to address aspects of the problem .
These often include :
“ Desktop ” ( folder )
“ Places ” ( folders or collections )
Search
Recently used lists
File Manager ( eg. Explorer or Finder )
File open / save dialogs
You ’re probably thinking “ hey no biggie they all work together or at least consistently , right ? ” Nya .
Functional Evaluation
Well , if you take a step back and you think really hard about the problem and analyze the interactions and you ’re super clever , you can come up with a functional evaluation of the system .
Or you can just cheat and find them in journal articles like I did .
Actually , I smooshed a few together to come up with the following categories of information :
On hand ( grip ) – should remain easily and quickly accessible while relevant
Under foot ( trip ) – should be visible to facilitate opportunistic finding and reminding
Out of sight ( slip ) – when the shelf life of the first two types of information expires it should gradually slip out of view
Information that is frequently used or currently relevant should be kept around and readily available .
Information that is incomplete or needs attention or action should be kept in a place where it may be tripped over to offer opportunistic finding .
Other information that may no longer be immediately relevant should be available but out of the way so it wo n’t interfere , clutter , or confuse .
Out of the way information should have a distance that is roughly proportional to its relevance ( likely time of last use ) .
To be most useful the information retrieval system should be :
Available – ubiquitous access
Persistent – can be relied upon as a record
Current – up to date and relevant
Contextual – includes information in context
Present – serves a useful reminding function
Shareable – easily shared between people
Transparent – do n’t require effort to maintain
The system should be designed with the following types of users in mind :
No Filers
Spring Cleaners
Frequent Filers
GNOME 2
OK then .
If we use that kind of analysis to evaluation GNOME 2 how do we fare ?
It turns out – not that well .
It requires too much work , is too isolated , lacks coherence and context , and does n’t keep the right information on hand or in sight .
I ’ll spare you the details until the end .
GNOME 3
So let ’s try to do better next time .
Oh wait , that ’s like now is n’t it ?
OK .
Hmm .
Here ’s an idea …
How might we design a solution that marries the Desktop , Search , Places , and the Recently used list ?
How might the roles complement one another ?
What if the Desktop was a place to stage items that need to be addressed ?
What if items could expire from the Desktop and fall safely into a time ordered list and eventually into an archive bucket ?
What if Places were just a default set of tags that can be used as filters ?
What if we had enough abstraction from the filesystem that we could transparently include non-local information in the same view ?
What if we had enough abstraction from the filesystem that would could include information that is n’t that file - like ?
What if this same desktop + timeline view allowed me to schedule items to address in the future ?
What if similar or related items were automatically stacked together so they do n’t clutter the Desktop ?
What if I could access my Desktop from anywhere ?
What if the Desktop was n’t hidden behind all my other activities ?
What if I could easily share my content with others ?
What if everything in my archive was readily searchable and had rich contextual metadata ?
What if it was easy to add almost any kind of item to the Desktop ?
What if one had the ability to tag , star , and make notes about content directly from a document window ?
Might be pretty sweet actually .
What could this look like ?
Hold on .
What are we looking at here ?
Sigh , I mean besides a lot of lazily duplicated document icons and some poorly pixel - grid aligned …
( Hi jimmac – I ’m trying but it is late )
Essentially it is a representation of the following schematic :
This coming week
Tomorrow
Desktop ( Now )
Today
This week
Last week
If things are n’t pinned into the Desktop they will gradually fall down the view until they safely drop out the bottom into the Archive .
Items may be filtered by any number of labels .
A useful set of labels would be provided by default but users may add their own as well .
Items may be starred to denote relevance or whatever meaning the user wishes to assign to that designation .
I ’ve written up a lot more boring details on the wiki so feel free to check it out and make comments in the appropriate section .
What do you think ?
They tell me it is doable .
And no it ’s not a pooper .
Drop by the GNOME
Shell design office hours today ( Wed ) 2 – 4 PM EDT ( UTC - 4 ) on irc.gnome.org : # gnome- shell and let us know what you think .
Here is an exclusive clip from Vivid of the Kendra Wilkinson sex tape everyone is excited about .
I have no real opinion about this clip mainly because I do n’t really like anything about Kendra Wilkinson or her prostitute life other than the fact that she gets naked for money and now has sex for money … and I think more girls should take her lead …cuz I like watching ….
There are rumors that the video was actually shopped around by her to boost her career she does n’t want to see drown , which I think it is safe to say is fact but really who cares about the business behind the shit , let ’s focus on what is more important and that is the fact that this shit exists and is getting out there ….
Seeing any 18 year ass is getting fucked in video that you can buy later today is amazing …. especially when it is 18 year olds who are no longer 18 but who we ’ve got to know on TV and in Playboy …. kinda like reminding us all of what could have been had things panned out different before ruining her vagina with kids … .
This brings back memories of Pam Anderson sex tape in the 90s , and Paris Hilton ’s sex tape in the 2000s … and I am hoping is just the start of the sex tapes of the 2010 s …. cuz I figure there will always be people willing to get down on camera when shit starts going downhill … especially after how well shit has worked out until this point for other bitches … .
So here ’s a preview of her getting down … giving some blowjob …. you wo n’t see it anywhere else , cuz I ’m just that relevant in the entertainment world when it comes to sex tapes ….. Enjoy … .
To See Another Hardcore Clip and To Find Out More on the Sex Tape
Follow This Link … .
KendraExposed.com
And if you are like me and appreciate the ambition in her 18 year old eye , already knowing dick sucking will take her farther than any University degree , and know you want it ….
Then Follow This Link and Buy The Kendra Exposed Video
GO
Here ’s a screencap if the video is loading slowly to entertain yourself with ….
Here ’s a screencap of her natural 18 year old tits … before her awkward body bought new ones … .
Kendra Wilkinson Exclusive Sex Tape Clip of the Day
Posted in : Exclusive |Kendra Wilkinson|Sex Tape
Louisa Gouliamaki / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Peter Boone is chairman of the charity Effective Intervention and a research associate at the Center for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics .
He is also a principal in Salute Capital Management Ltd. Simon Johnson , the former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund , is the co-author of “ 13 Bankers . ”
The Greek “ rescue ” package announced last weekend is dramatic , unprecedented and far from enough to stabilize the euro zone .
The Greek government and the European Union leadership , prodded by the International Monetary Fund , are finally becoming realistic about the dire economic situation in Greece .
They have abandoned previous rounds of optimistic forecasts and have now admitted to a profoundly worse situation .
This new program calls for “ fiscal adjustments ” — cuts to the fiscal deficit , mostly through spending cuts — totaling 11 percent of gross domestic product in 2010 , 4.3 percent in 2011 , and 2 percent in 2012 and 2013 .
The total debt - to - G.D.P. ratio peaks at 149 percent in 2012 - 13 before starting a gentle glide path back down to sanity .
This new program is honest enough to show why it is unlikely to succeed .
Daniel Gros , an eminent economist on euro zone issues who is based in Brussels , has argued that for each 1 percent of G.D.P. decline in Greek government spending , total demand in the country falls by 2.5 percent of G.D.P .
If the government reduces spending by 15 percent of G.D.P. — the initial shock to demand could be well over 30 percent of G.D.P .
Obviously this simple rule does not work with such large numbers , but it illustrates that Greece is likely to experience a very sharp recession — and there is substantial uncertainty around how bad the economy will get .
The program announced last weekend assumes the Greek G.D.P. falls by 4 percent this year , then by another 2.6 percent in 2011 , before recovering to positive growth in 2012 and beyond .
Such figures seem extremely optimistic , particularly in the face of the civil unrest now sweeping Greece and the deep hostility expressed toward the country in some northern European policy circles .
The pattern of growth is critical because , under this program , Greece needs to grow out of its debt problem soon .
Greece ’s debt - to - G.D.P. ratio will be a debilitating 145 percent at the end of 2011 .
Now consider putting more realistic growth figures into the I.M.F. forecast for Greece ’s economy — e.g. , with G.D.P. declining 12 percent in 2011 , then the debt - to - G.D.P. ratio may reach 155 percent .
At these levels , with a 5 percent real interest rate and no growth , the country needs a primary surplus at 8 percent of G.D.P. to keep the debt - to - G.D.P. ratio stable .
It will be nowhere near that level .
The I.M.F. program has Greece running a primary budget deficit of around 1 percent of G.D.P. in that year , and that assumes a path for Greek growth that can be regarded only as an “ upside scenario . ”
The politics of these implied budget surpluses remains brutal .
Since most Greek debt is held abroad , roughly 80 percent of the budget savings the Greek government makes go straight to Germans , the French and other foreign debt holders ( mostly banks ) .
If growth turns out poorly , will the Greeks be prepared for ever - tougher austerity to pay the Germans ?
Even if everything goes well , Greek citizens seem unlikely to welcome this version of their “ new normal . ”
Last week the European leadership panicked — very late in the day — when it realized that the euro zone itself was at risk of a meltdown .
If the euro zone proves unwilling to protect a member like Greece from default , then bond investors will run from Portugal and Spain also — if you doubt this , study carefully the interlocking debt picture published recently in The New York Times .
Higher yields on government debt would have caused concerns about potential bank runs in these nations , and then spread to more nations in Europe .
When there is such a “ run , ” it is not clear where it stops .
In the hazy distance , Belgium , France , Austria and many others were potentially at risk .
Even the Germans cannot afford to bail out those nations .
Slapped in the face by this ugly scenario , the Europeans decided to throw everything they and the I.M.F. had at bailing out Greece .
The program as announced has only a small chance of preventing eventual Greek bankruptcy , but it may still slow or avert a dangerous spiral downward — and enormous collateral damage — in the rest of Europe .
The I.M.F. floated in some fashion an alternative scenario with a debt restructuring , but this was rejected by both the European Union and the Greek authorities .
This is not a surprise ; leading European policy makers are completely unprepared for broader problems that would follow a Greek “ restructuring , ” because markets would immediately mark down the debt ( i.e. , increase the yields ) for Portugal , Spain , Ireland and even Italy .
The fear and panic in the face of this would be unparalleled in modern times :
When the Greeks pay only 50 percent on the face value of their debt , what should investors expect from the Portuguese and Spanish ?
It all becomes arbitrary , including which countries are dragged down .
Someone has to decide who should be defended and at what cost , and the European structures are completely unsuited to this kind of tough decision - making under pressure .
In the extreme downside scenario , Germany is the only obvious safe haven within the euro zone , so its government bond yields would collapse while other governments face sharply rising yields .
The euro zone would likely not hold together .
There is still a narrow escape path , without immediate debt default and the chaos that that would produce :
Talk down the euro — moving toward parity with the American dollar would help lift growth across the euro zone .
As the euro falls , bond yields will rise on the euro zone periphery .
This will create episodes of panic .
Enough short - term financing must be in place to support the rollover of government debt .
Once the euro has fallen a great deal , announce the European Central Bank will support the euro at those levels ( i.e. , prevent appreciation , with G - 20 tacit agreement ) , and also support the peripheral euro zone nations viewed as solvent by buying their bonds whenever markets are chaotic .
At that stage , but not before , the euro zone leadership needs to push weaker governments to restructure .
That will include Greece and perhaps also Portugal .
Hopefully , in this scenario Spain can muddle through .
European banks should be recapitalized as necessary and have most of their management replaced .
This is a massive failure of euro groupthink — including most notably at the political level — but there is no question that bank executives have not behaved responsibly in a long while and should be replaced en masse .
To the extent possible , some of the ensuing losses should be shared with bank creditors .
But be careful what you wish for .
The bankers are powerful for a reason ; they have built vital yet fragile structures at the heart of our economies .
Dismantle with care .
Harry Potter film stars Robbie Coltrane ( Hagrid ) , Matthew Lewis ( Neville Longbottom ) , Emma Watson ( Hermione Granger ) , and Oliver and James Phelps ( Fred and George Weasley ) took a sneak peek tour of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter by entering Hogsmeade .
The group was invited to Universal Orlando Resort for a first - look at the immersive environment , and spent the day visiting many of the iconic locations made famous in the popular Harry Potter series .
The Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando Resort grand opens on June 18 .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — A 21 - year - old New Jersey man is due in court today on
charges he intentionally vomited on a man and his 11 - year - old daughter at a Philadelphia Phillies game
. Matthew Clemmens of Cherry Hill , N.J. , is scheduled for an arraignment hearing for the incident at a Phillies - Nationals game on April 14 .
Police say Clemmens and a companion began harassing Michael Vangelo , an off - duty police captain from Easton , and his daughters almost as soon as they reached their nearby seats .
Clemmens ’ friend was ejected from Citizens Bank Park for unruly behavior .
Police said Clemmens then stuck his fingers down his throat and vomited on Vangelo and his younger daughter .
He was subdued by other fans and arrested .
Their losses deepening , European airlines on Sunday stepped up pressure to reopen the skies by carrying out passenger - free test flights despite the layer of volcanic ash that kept most planes across the continent grounded for a fourth day .
Airlines in Germany , the Netherlands , Britain and France sent jets close to or into the plume of ash and dust thrown up by the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in Iceland , in bids to demonstrate that flying conditions over Europe were safe .
All the flights landed without incident , they said .
There was no indication , however , that aviation authorities would immediately ease restrictions on European airspace .
Officials said new wind patterns could disperse some of the ash cloud and allow more regularly scheduled flights to operate Monday , but thousands of stranded passengers and affected businesses braced for the ban on air travel to extend into the new week .
British Airways canceled all service Monday into and out of London .
Lufthansa also announced the cancellation of all of its flights worldwide Monday .
The French government said airports in northern France , including Paris , would remain closed until at least Tuesday morning .
Advertisement
Except for a handful of flights allowed where a gap appeared in the cloud of ash , no - fly zones were in force in all or part of more than 20 countries on the continent Sunday , the Europe - wide aviation agency Eurocontrol reported .
The list included southern nations such as Italy that had hitherto escaped restrictions but are now being hit as the high - altitude grit drifts farther south and east .
Eurocontrol said only 5,000 flights out of a usual 24,000 traveled through European airspace Sunday , among the lowest daily totals since widespread disruptions began Thursday .
More than 60,000 flights have been canceled since then .
More than 30 arriving and departing flights between Los Angeles International Airport and Europe were canceled Sunday by airlines serving London , Paris , Amsterdam , Frankfurt and Zurich , LAX spokesman Marshall Lowe said .
In all , 102 flights passing through LAX have been canceled , affecting a total of 24,250 passengers , Lowe said .
Nationwide on Sunday , 310 of 337 flights scheduled between the U.S. and Europe were canceled .
Advertisement
Airlines desperate to resume business called on aviation regulators to reassess their flight suspensions , especially in light of the test flights in and around the ash cloud to gauge whether the dust would clog engines or compromise safety .
“ The eruption of the Icelandic volcano is not an unprecedented event , and the procedures applied in other parts of the world for volcanic eruptions do not appear to require the kind of restrictions that are presently being imposed in Europe , ” said a joint statement issued by associations representing airlines and airports in the region .
Siim Kallas , the European Commission vice president in charge of transport , told reporters in Brussels that safety remained paramount , but that aviation officials would examine the evidence from the experimental flights and try to find solutions “ to ease the sufferings of thousands and thousands of passengers . ”
“ It is clear that this is not sustainable .
We cannot just wait until this ash cloud dissipates , ” Kallas said .
Advertisement
He said new forecasts showed winds picking up and possibly dispersing more of the sluggish ash cloud to allow more flights Monday , perhaps as many as half of those regularly scheduled .
Yet even as he spoke , the Eyjafjallajokull volcano continued to erupt , belching grit and tiny particles of glass miles into the air .
Transport ministers from European Union member nations are scheduled to hold a videoconference meeting Monday to discuss the situation .
On Sunday , Dutch airline KLM said it had received permission to fly several planes stuck in Duesseldorf , Germany , back to Amsterdam one by one , starting Sunday morning .
The planes carried only crew members .
“ These are test flights , ” KLM Chief Executive Peter Hartman said in a statement .
“ This does not mean that normal air traffic has been resumed . ”
Advertisement
But he insisted that the experiment showed it was safe to fly during daylight hours .
Later Sunday , KLM also was allowed to send two commercial aircraft , with crew and cargo only , to Asia .
The return of the marooned aircraft followed a KLM test flight Saturday evening in Dutch airspace , in which a Boeing 737- 800 airliner reached an altitude of 41,000 feet , the maximum allowed for that type of jet .
An inspection afterward “ revealed that no problems had been encountered and that the quality of the atmosphere is in order , ” the airline said .
Air France launched a test flight from Paris to the southern city of Toulouse on Sunday .
“ Conditions during the flight were normal , ” the airline said .
“ Visual inspections did not show any damage . ”
Advertisement
Four other test flights by the airline were scheduled , including one in southwestern France .
British Airways also conducted a two - hour , 46 - minute test flight from London to Cardiff , Wales , which included a full hour at 40,000 feet .
“ The conditions were perfect and the aircraft encountered no difficulties , ” the airline said .
“ It will now undergo a full technical analysis . ”
In Germany , Lufthansa successfully flew 10 of its planes Saturday without passengers on low - altitude flights .
In addition , Frankfurt Airport , one of the busiest , opened for a few hours Sunday afternoon for flights heading north or east because of a break in the ash cloud , Reuters reported .
Experts cautioned that the test flights did not augur a quick resumption of normal service , despite the impatience of the airline industry , which is facing losses of up to $ 200 million a day .
Advertisement
The aircraft used will have to be fully examined to judge the effects of fine ash and dust on engines and other components , David Learmount of Flight International magazine told the BBC .
The dangers presented by coarser volcanic particles are known -- a KLM jet in 1989 lost all power while flying through ash from an Alaska volcano -- but not the finer variety .
“ We ’re feeling our way in the dark here , ” Learmount said .
“ It ’s an experiment in thousands of things we ’ve never encountered before . ”
Once the skies are judged safe , clearing the backlog of passengers will take days .
British Airways passengers on canceled journeys to or through London are being allowed to re-book their tickets only on flights starting Saturday .
Stranded travelers throughout Europe are being warned by airlines not to show up at airports to try to amend their tickets .
Advertisement
The Eurostar rail line beneath the English Channel has added services to handle more airline refugees .
An executive with P&O Ferries , which operates boats between Britain and the European mainland , said that thousands of foot passengers have been showing up at its terminals , compared with just a few hundred in normal circumstances .
One Briton , TV host Dan Snow , tried to mount a modern - day Dunkirk evacuation , leading a fleet of small boats across the channel to rescue compatriots stranded on the French coast .
But French border - control authorities turned back the motley flotilla .
henry.chu@latimes.com
Times staff writers Rong - Gong Lin II in Vienna and Corina Knoll in Los Angeles , Paul Richter of the Washington bureau and special correspondent Gaelle Faure in Paris contributed to this report .
We 're currently in the midst of a CSS Zen Garden type excerise on our family of Q&A websites , which I affectionately refer to as " the Trilogy " :
( In case you were wondering , yes , meta is the Star Wars Holiday Special . )
These sites all run the same core engine , but the logo , domain , and CSS " skin " that lies over the HTML skeleton is different in each case :
They are not terribly different looking , it 's true , but we also want them to be recognizable as a family of sites .
We 're working with two amazing designers , Jin Yang and Nathan Bowers , who are helping us whip the CSS and HTML into shape so they can produce a set of about 10 different Zen Garden designs .
As new sites in our network get democracied into being , these designs will be used as a palette for the community to choose from .
( And , later , the community will decide on a domain name and logo as well . )
Anyway , I bring this up not because my pokemans , let me show you them , but because I have to personally maintain four different CSS files .
And that number is only going to get larger .
Much larger .
That scares me a little .
Most of all , what I 've learned from this exercise in site theming is that CSS is kind of painful .
I fully support CSS as a ( mostly ) functional user interface Model - View - Controller .
But even if you have extreme HTML hygiene and Austrian levels of discipline , CSS has some serious limitations in practice .
Things in particular that bite us a lot :
Vertical alignment is a giant , hacky PITA .
( Tables work great for this though ! )
Lack of variables so we have to repeat colors all over the place .
Lack of nesting so we have to repeat huge blocks of CSS all over the place .
In short , CSS violates the living crap out of the DRY principle .
You are constantly and unavoidably repeating yourself .
That 's why I 'm so intrigued by two Ruby gems that attempt to directly address the deficiencies of CSS .
1. Less CSS
/* CSS */ #header { - moz - border - radius : 5 ; - webkit - border - radius : 5 ; border - radius : 5 ; } #footer { - moz - border - radius : 10 ; - webkit - border - radius : 10 ; border - radius : 10 ; } // LessCSS .rounded_corners ( @radius : 5 px ) { - moz - border - radius : @radius ; - webkit - border - radius : @radius ; border - radius : @radius ; } #header { .rounded_corners ; } # footer { .rounded_corners ( 10 px ) ; }
2. SASS
/* CSS */ .content_navigation { border - color : # 3 bbfce ; color : # 2 aaebd ; } . border { padding : 8 px ; margin : 8 px ; border - color : # 3 bbfce ; } // Sass ! blue = # 3 bbfce ! margin = 16px .content_navigation border - color = ! blue color = ! blue - # 111 . border padding = ! margin / 2 margin = ! margin / 2 border - color = ! blue
As you can see , in both cases we 're transmogrifying CSS into a bit more of a programming language , rather than the static set of layout rules it currently exists as .
Behind the scenes , we 're generating plain vanilla CSS using these little dynamic languages .
This could be done at project build time , or even dynamically on every page load if you have a good caching strategy .
I 'm not sure how many of these improvements CSS3 will bring , never mind when the bulk of browsers in the world will support it .
But I definitely feel that the core changes identified in both Less CSS and SASS address very real pain points in practical CSS use .
It 's worth checking them out to understand why they exist , what they bring to the table , and how you could possibly adopt some of these strategies in your own CSS and your favorite programming language .
The Coming Economic Catastrophe
We ain’t seen nothin ’ yet , says Marc Faber at the Mises Circle on Austrian economics and finance
Recently by Marc Faber : Do n’t Ignore India
The Best of Marc Faber
Unless you 're already one of the 20,000 people who have already put their names down and paid a deposit for the 2010 Nissan Leaf you wo n't be getting one this year .
Nissan have sold out .
While Nissan do not take firm orders until August , they have closed the lists for pre-registration after a massive 20,000 customers worldwide have expressed an interest in the five - seat , all electric hatchback .
The U.S. market alone has been responsible for 13,000 pre-orders .
Each customer in America has placed a $ 100 deposit down to secure a place in the ordering queue .
Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn , who is also CEO of French partner and shareholder Renault , is due to break ground today on a new battery plant facility at Nissan 's Smyma factory complex in Tenessee .
Many EV fans have critizised Nissan for asking potential owners of the 2010 Leaf to take part in a short questionare detailing the customer 's driving habits , charging facilities and parking arrangements .
Others have praised Nissan 's move as a sensible way of ensuring the first 20,000 vehicles to hit the streets are owned by drivers who understand the Leaf 's range , charging requirements and performance .
The 20,000 reservations are from private buyers too - not fleet orders .
It is unclear if Nissan have a serperate quota for the fleet market to satisfy hire car and governmental orders .
To only sell 20,000 cars in the first year of production is a small figure for Japan 's third largest automaker .
But by 2013 , Nissan hopes to sell a combined 500,000 electric cars per year under the Nissan , Infiniti and Renault brands .
And as Ghosn recently told a Detroit industry audience the only way to bring an electric car to market is to go big .
Explaining the recent tieup between Nissan , Renault and Germany 's Daimler AG Ghosn expressed his belief that cooperation on new technology is the way forward .
" No 3 million - unit carmaker can make it ... and you can't be viable as a niche player , so you need to be in the upper , lower , 4 - by - 4 and crossover segments " .
It 's clear then that Nissan 's future is in shared competitencies between its European coutnerparts and anyone else who has the technology it needs .
But for now Nissan 's game is similar to that played by Toyota when it first annoucned the Toyota Prius :
Sell a limited number of a completely revolutionary vehicle , create hype , and then ramp up production .
When Toyota sold the Prius in this way the resultant Prius - mania ensured the hyrbid hatchback practically sold itself and still remains the most well - known eco-car on the market today .
Following in Toyota 's footsteps , Nissan is shaping up to play the same game , but no doubt at the expense of Toyota 's Prius fans , many of whom form some of Nissan 's pre-order crowd .
[ Automotive News ( subscription required ) , Detroit News ]
I ’ve recently found out ( thanks to many user reports ) that some CD - Key stores are requesting ID scans from their users after you purchase a game .
They want users to send a passport , driver license or ID card scans or even pictures of buyers holding their ID card ( with face visible ) !
Do not send them anything , never do that !
You have a right to protect your identity online and you should be keeping your IDs and documents for yourself or very trusted stores and institutions .
Especially when you ’re using PayPal .
It ’s basically against PayPal ’s policy to request those things from buyers .
The online seller has no right to ask for and ID not even mentioning the scans .
Period .
Always request a full , immidiete refund if any shops requires an ID , unless you ’re ok with it .
These CD - Key shops request ID scans :
G2 Play
GameKeyDistrict
OnlineKeyStore
From now on the Steam Alternatives section will have a separate section for stores which require ID scans .
It ’s unacceptable that these stores do n’t even mention of ID scans before the purchase !
So gamers out there , watch out !
You can discuss this problem here or by leaving a comment below .
V90X : Doing P90X on a Vegetarian Diet
This is my attempt to get through P90X on a vegan diet to show how you too can get in shape with all the nutrients you need without animal products .
A man who killed his wife by using her veil to strangle her in their Melbourne home did so in the belief he was entitled to dominate her , a Supreme Court judge has found .
Soltan Azizi was today sentenced to 22 years ' jail by Justice Betty King , who said the Afghani refugee had been physically abusive towards Marzieh Rahimi throughout their 14 - year marriage .
Justice King said Ms Rahimi had sought help from social workers and was intending to leave Azizi , despite him warning that he would kill her if she tried .
She said Azizi had complained to Ms Rahimi 's sister in the days prior to her killing that his wife was becoming " too Australian " , meaning " she was not a docile and good wife in the terms you expected her to be " .
" It is clear you were unable to accept that your wife had rights , which rights included the ability to leave you if that was what she desired , " Justice King said .
" ... Her death clearly resulted because of your belief that you were entitled to dominate and dictate to your wife what she could and could not do . "
The couple , who had five children now aged from 14 to 2 , came to Australia in 2005 after fleeing Afghanistan and spending seven years in refugee camps in Iran .
Azizi will serve a minimum of 17 years and six months before he is eligible for parole .
The Yesha Council , which represents the Jewish settler movement , on Tuesday denounced a Palestinian boycott of Israeli goods produced in the West Bank and the Golan .
Open gallery view Palestinians protest to mark 62 years since the Nakba , or catastrophe May 17 , 2010 Credit : AP
In a statement , the council endorsed demands by the president of the Israel Manufacturers Association , Shraga Brosh , to closed Israeli ports to Palestinian goods until the boycott is lifted .
" This is an act of hatred by the Palestinian Authority , " the Yesha Council said in a statement .
" It requires a sharp and immediate response . "
The boycott was a breach of the 1994 Paris Agreement , which outlined economic ties between Israel and the Palestinians Authority , the group said , calling on the government to withhold Palestinian tax revenues and instead using the money to compensate settlers for lost business .
Settlers were angered Tuesday by news that the Palestinian Authority had dispatched leaflets and volunteers to homes across the West Bank to campaign for a boycott .
Thirty years ago , George Lucas sprung his Star Wars sequel upon a young moviegoing public that was simply unprepared for what they 'd see :
An unrelenting operatic downer , filled with pain , sacrifice , revelation , and loss .
Good times .
Advertisement
Friday is the 30th anniversary of the release of Star Wars : Episode V — The Empire Strikes Back .
There have been , and will be , a ton of pieces commemorating that fact , looking back at the best of the Star Wars saga with dewy - eyed reverence — or recalling how good Star Wars can be when George Lucas is n't directing it .
Advertisement
But it 's worth remembering that there 's a whole generation of people for whom Star Wars was a formative influence — people who were young enough when it was first released in 1977 that A New Hope calibrated both their moral and storytelling compass .
Star Wars was a children 's fable , a story of good versus evil in which evil gets its ass kicked and good gets an awesome medal and the thanks of a grateful rebellion .
And so , 30 years hence , it 's easy to forget what a world - shaking shot to the gut The Empire Strikes Back was : Han Solo is frozen solid , Luke gets his hand chopped off , and Darth Vader reveals himself to be his father .
Movies , as far as we knew , were n't supposed to end like that .
The Hero is supposed to win .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Empire Strikes Back introduced an entire generation of moviegoers to the notion of tragedy — to the concept that not every ending will be happy , that sometimes the Hero does n't win , that sometimes you have to go through the dark before you get to the light .
And Empire was the first time we walked out of a theater depressed .
Lawrence Kasdan and Leigh Brackett 's screenplay was like Shakespearan screwball ; it swung between the heavy father - son themes of the Luke - Vader - Yoda thread and the light , " never tell me the odds " flirtation shared by Han and Leia .
So much so , at times they felt like two different movies — and , let 's be honest , the Dagobah stuff is really kind of boring — united by a common soundtrack .
But its masterstroke was the abject downer of an ending .
Sure , today 's moviegoing sophisticates might know that classic story structure dictates that the second act of your story is where the hero is at his lowest point , emotionally and physically , so that the third act can see him triumph .
But try telling that to a nine year old whose entire cinematic worldview has been formed by Star Wars and Walt Disney , both of which told us , yes , that the Hero is supposed to win .
Advertisement
But sometimes he does n't .
The Empire Strikes Back acted sort of an accelerated growth agent :
It spurred our maturation as ingesters of popular culture .
It explained to us that the twist you did n't see coming is the best kind .
That despair can be a beautiful thing .
And that , sometimes , the Empire striking back is exactly what 's called for .
Stefan GP , the Serbian wannabe F1 outfit whose dream was killed off mainly due to the fact that it had no money , is now understood to be looking at an alternative project .
Funding a Serbian Grand Prix circuit .
While some were taking Stefan GP 's F1 bid extremely seriously , in much the same way as they fell for Simon Gillett 's constant assurances regarding Donington , Pitpass was able to reveal that AMCO - the company behind the Serbian hopeful - had business income of just £ 2,800 ( 356,000 Dinars ) in 2008 .
Indeed , its net income for the year was a somewhat minuscule £ 40 ( 4,000 Dinars ) and had just one employee .
By comparison , USF1 was a serious contender , hell , even Britannia Racing was a serious contender .
Now , news reaches us that having given up on its dream of an F1 team , Zoran Stefanovic ( right ) and Stefan GP is looking at another way of getting involved in the sport , namely by investing in a race track capable of hosting a Serbian round of the world championship .
Authorities in Stara Pazova , a town ( population 18,645 ) in the Srem District of Vojvodina , having almost completed work on a " national house of football " , is now looking at the possibility of building a 3,550 metre race track capable of hosting car and motorcycle racing .
The circuit , which , according to reports , " which would attract the most famous names of auto racing " , is being built to " Formula 1 standards " .
And , according to one report , the Stefan GP Corporation is " willing " to invest twenty - million euros in the project .
If Bernie 's reading this , possibly salivating at the prospect of a further race ' out east ' , the good news is that Stara Pazova already has its own airport .
Sadly , however , Cmelik Airport , which uses around 5 km of road near Stara Pazova is mostly used by ultra light planes and engine powered kites .
1. Walk Alone ( Truck North , Porn , Dice Raw , Mercedes Martinez )
2. Dear God 2.0 ( Jim James , MOF )
3. Radio Daze ( Blu , Porn , Dice Raw , Mercedes Martinez )
4. Now Or Never ( Phonte Coleman , Dice Raw )
5. How I Got Over ( Dice Raw )
6 . The Day ( Blu , Phonte Coleman , Patty Crash )
7. Right On ( Joanna Newsom , Sugar Tongue Slim )
8. Doin It Again ( John Legend )
9 . The Fire ( John Legend , Rick Friedrich )
Tracks three and six are what I ’m paying the most attention to .
Props to the homie Aqua .
PREVIOUS : The Roots – Dilla Joints ( Mixtape )
“ Sometimes , when I think I ’m getting fat , ” Captain Naslund replied , to a curious look .
“ American men like skinny girls . ”
Villagers are often stunned , if not disbelieving , to see women underneath the body armor .
Inside compounds , the female Marines say they have been poked in intimate places by Afghan women who want to make sure they are really women .
One morning in the village of Mamor , as Corporal Amaya and Corporal Gardner asked an Afghan woman if she would be willing to teach in a new school , other women and children — who said they had never seen non-Pashtun women — repeatedly asked two American women , a photographer and a reporter , to lift their shirts and pant legs so they could see what was underneath .
Other cultural gaps exist among the Marines themselves .
Along with their male counterparts , the female Marines live on rugged bases , often without showers ; bathe with bottled water or baby wipes ; use makeshift latrines ; and sleep in hot tents or outside in the dirt .
But team leaders say that some male Marine commanders have been reluctant to send the women on patrols , fearing either for their safety or that they will get in the way .
( Women , who make up only 6 percent of the Marine Corps , are officially barred from combat branches like the infantry .
In a bureaucratic sidestep commonly used in Iraq for women needed for jobs like bomb disposal or intelligence , the female engagement teams are added to the all - male infantry patrols . )
The women , who carry the same weapons and receive the same combat training as the men , cannot leave the bases unless the men escort them .
Lt. Natalie Kronschnabel , one of the team leaders , said she had to push a Marine captain to let her team go on a five - hour patrol .
“ It was n’t that hard , it was only four or five clicks , ” said Lieutenant Kronschnabel , 26 , using slang for kilometers .
“ And they kept asking , ‘ Are you doing O.K . ?
Are you breathing hard ? ’ ”
When the earth 's plates move , earthquakes and volcanoes follow .
This seems to be happening in the wake of the decision to hold , 50 years after their invention in the United States , debates between party leaders .
The Liberal Democrats , the Cinderella of British politics , were always keen , as have been the media , but prime ministers have taken the view that debates other than those in the House of Commons are unseemly , and party leaders holding a lead in the polls have n't seen an advantage .
This time was different .
Elections are determined by remarkably few voters .
These are those voters who choose to vote ( in the past two elections only six in 10 ) ; who have little party loyalty ( about one in five ) ; and who live in marginal seats .
As few as one voter in 25 decides who rules the land .
Reuters has commissioned Ipsos MORI to carry out surveys in " Battleground Marginals " , defined as seats the Conservatives must win to have an overall majority , requiring roughly a 6 % swing from the 2005 election .
For a solid working majority , they need as much as a 9 % swing .
In these seats in 2005 the vote averaged 45 % for Labour , 31 % for the Conservatives and 17 % for the Liberal Democrats ( who won none of them ) .
Before the election was called , there had been a 5 % swing to the Conservatives : good , but not good enough .
Using the uniform national swing model , which with limitations is a good starting point , such a swing would leave the Tories a sandwich short of a picnic .
With the baseline survey pre-election , and another during its first week or two with little change , Labour was on 41 % , down four , the Tories up six to 37 % and the Liberal Democrats on 11 % , down six , with the other minor parties up from 7 % to 12 % .
Then came the debate .
Among the electorate as a whole in these key seats , there was a 12 % swing from the other parties to Nick Clegg 's Liberal Democrats .
More than half ( 52 % ) of the votes came from Labour , a third ( 37 % ) from the Tories , and 11 % from the others .
This dropped the Tory swing down to 4 % – in terms of seats , a long way from their long - sought majority .
So where did these new Liberal Democrat votes come from ?
In these battleground seats , quite a lot more from women ( +16 % ) than men ( +9 % ) , more from middle - class voters ( +15 % ) than working - class ( +9 % ) , and more from the young , 18 - 34s ( +16 % ) , than middle - aged , 35 - 54 ( +13 % ) , or from older people , 55 + ( +9 % ) .
The retention rate is also a factor in the rise of the Lib Dems .
From the data before the prime minister called the election and after , the Tory retention rate fell eight points , from 77 % of those who recalled voting Conservative in 2005 ; Labour held its own and a bit more , from 52 % before , and 55 % this past week .
The Liberal Democrats , however , bounced from a lowly 43 % up 18 points to 61 % .
This volcanic activity seems to be persisting ; voters and now bookies signal a hung Parliament .
That means Clegg , while not becoming politically king , could certainly become a kingmaker .
This undated handout photo provided by SpaceX shows the liftoff of the Falcon 1 .
In its new budget to be released Monday , Feb. 1 , 2010 , the Obama administration proposes spending billions of dollars to encourage private companies to build , launch and operate spacecraft for NASA and others .
NASA already started an early version of this last year with $ 50 million in stimulus money .
( AP Photo / SpaceX )
( AP ) -- Getting to space is about to be outsourced .
The Obama administration on Monday will propose in its new budget spending billions of dollars to encourage private companies to build , launch and operate spacecraft for NASA and others .
Uncle Sam would buy its astronauts a ride into space just like hopping in a taxi .
The idea is that getting astronauts into orbit , which NASA has been doing for 49 years , is getting to be so old hat that someone other than the government can do it .
It 's no longer really the Right Stuff .
Going private would free the space agency to do other things , such as explore beyond Earth 's orbit , do more research and study the Earth with better satellites .
And it would spur a new generation of private companies - even some with Internet roots - to innovate .
But there 's some concern about that - from former NASA officials worried about safety and from congressional leaders worried about lost jobs .
Some believe space is still a tough , dangerous enterprise not to be left to private companies out for a buck .
Government would lose vital knowledge and control , critics fear .
Proponents of private space , an idea that has been kicking around for nearly 20 years , point to the airline industry in its infancy .
Initially the Army flew most planes .
But private companies eventually started building and operating aircraft , especially when they got a guaranteed customer in the U.S. government to deliver air mail .
That 's what NASA would be : a guaranteed customer to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station through 2020 .
It would be similar to the few years that NASA paid Russia to fly astronauts on its Soyuz after the Columbia accident in 2003 .
" With a $ 6 billion program you can have multiple winners .
You 'll literally have your Blackberry , your iPhone and your Android phone all competing for customers in the marketplace , " said John Gedmark , executive director of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation .
The White House has said it will be adding $ 5.9 billion to the overall NASA budget over five years ; Gedmark believes most or all will go to commercial space .
Mike Gold , corporate counsel at Bigelow Aerospace , which is building the first commercial space station and is a potential spacecraft provider , believes the government should have privatized astronaut launchings decades ago .
" It will force the aerospace world to become competitive again and restore us to our glory days , " Gold said .
Last year as part of the stimulus package , NASA said it would give out $ 50 million in seed and planning money for the idea of a commercial spaceship .
Several firms expressed interest and NASA will soon pick a winner or winners .
American University public policy professor and space expert Howard McCurdy said this is not as radical as it seems .
The shuttle was built not by government workers but by Rockwell International , a private company .
Then in 1996 the Clinton administration outsourced the shuttle 's day - to - day launch and other operations to a private company .
" This is something that NASA has been drifting toward in the last 25 years , " McCurdy said .
But the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel , created after NASA 's first fatal accident , warned that the existing private rockets are not rated by the government as safe for people to fly on .
That has to be addressed with testing and study before jumping into commercial space , the panel said .
It 's not that it is impossible to certify these rockets as safe enough for astronauts but it is a long process that is not spelled out , said former NASA associate administrator Scott Pace , now a space policy professor at George Washington University .
Peter Diamandis , founder of the X Prize Foundation , which sponsored a competition in suborbital spaceflight , dismissed safety worries : " We do n't fly on U.S. Air Government .
We fly on Southwest and JetBlue . "
The Federal Aviation Administration , which has a commercial space division , would regulate private space safety and other issues .
Pace cautioned that Clinton era efforts to privatize parts of the National Reconnaissance Organization , which builds and operates U.S. spy satellites , as a failure and this could be similar .
He added that there 's such strong support in Congress for the current space program a change may be difficult to get through Capitol Hill .
New York University government professor Paul Light said : " My general caution is be careful about what you give away .
It 's awful expensive to get it back . "
But there should be a lot of interest in giving astronauts the ride if the price is right , Gedmark said .
The leading contenders - most are mum at this point - to build private spaceships include established aerospace giants , such as Boeing Co. of Chicago and Lockheed Martin of Bethesda , Md. , which built most of America 's rockets and capsules .
Boeing and Lockheed Martin have existing rocket families in Delta and Atlas , which launch commercial and government satellites regularly and reliably , but for the moment are n't rated by the government to be safe enough for humans .
That may change .
But it 's the newer space guard that brings some excitement to the field .
PayPal founder Elon Musk may be ahead of most .
His SpaceX already has a Falcon rocket and Dragon capsule .
Other companies being mentioned include Orbital Sciences of Dulles , Va. , Bigelow Aerospace of Las Vegas and Sierra Nevada Corp. of Sparks , Nev .
In the 1980s , Tiffany Montague grew up wanting to get into space and figured she had to work for the government to do that .
She joined the Air Force and was a high - altitude pilot .
But now she works for Google , running a $ 30 million prize to encourage private companies to build a rover that can run around the moon .
" We 're broadly interested in opening up space to everyone , " Montague said in a phone interview Friday .
She said Google is " supportive of commercial spaceflight , we 're enthusiasts .
But we 're not space entrepreneurs - at least not yet .
Who knows what we might do in the future . "
Explore further Space commercialization contract signed
More information : NASA : NASA : http://www.nasa.gov/
Commercial Spaceflight Federation : http://www.commercialspaceflight.org/
Bigelow Aerospace : http://www.bigelowaerospace.com/
Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel : http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/oer/asap/index.html
X Prize Foundation : http://www.xprize.org/
Google Lunar X Prize : http://www.googlelunarxprize.org/
SpaceX : http://www.spacex.com/
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - A milkshake containing 2,010 calories -- equivalent to eating 68 strips of bacon or 30 chocolate chip cookies -- has topped a list of the 20 worst drinks in America compiled by Men ’s Health magazine .
The Cold Stone PB&C milkshake , made with peanut butter , chocolate icecream and milk , contains 68 grams of saturated fat and 153 grams of sugar , according to nutritional details on the company ’s website .
“ In terms of saturated fat , drinking this Cold Stone catastrophe is like slurping up 68 strips of bacon , ” the magazine said .
The second worst drink in America was listed as the Peanut Power Plus Grape from Smoothie King with a large cup packing 1,498 calories and the same amount of sugar as 20 Reese ’s Peanut Butter Cups chocolate and peanut butter snacks .
McDonald ’s large Triple Thick Chocolate
Shake came in third with 1,160 calories or the equivalent of 13 of the fast food chain ’s hot apple pies .
A spokesman from the Cold Stone Creamery pointed out that the company does also offer low - calorie , reduced - fat options for customers looking for “ a lighter indulgence ” such as its range of sinless smoothies with only 110 calories .
It 's a rough old world when two era-defining television shows end within a week of each other .
In the UK , ABC 's island mystery Lost broadcasts its final episode this week while Fox 's counterterrorist drama 24 finishes on 6 June .
One made sci - fi respectable again and the other became the longest - running espionage - themed drama on TV .
Both spawned imitators across the board and leave strange , occasionally dark legacies .
24 premiered a month after 9/11 to a world in turmoil that sought new certainties , new heroes .
24 delivered them in the shape of Los Angeles - based Counter Terrorist Unit ( CTU ) agent Jack Bauer .
The show fed off the paranoia of 11 September , then stoked it with its enemy - within storylines .
The show 's central conceit was to show a full 24 hours unfolding in real - time , a bold move for an already complex show .
The gambit paid off .
Viewers were thrilled by the show 's breathless pace , daring storylines and the constant battle against the clock to prevent a terrorist spectacular .
Claustrophobic direction combined with CTU 's murky open - plan office and dark corridors only added to the paranoia .
24 had completed its third season when a strange new show premiered at Comic - Con in 2004 .
In it , a plane fell out of the sky and its survivors landed on a magical island where physics , time and logic went haywire .
Memorable characters , taut storytelling and the most obtuse , intriguing mystery since Twin Peaks made Lost as much of an instant hit as 24 was three years earlier .
As broadband connections spread , Lost raced past 24 and became the first show to fully explore the possibilities of the internet .
ABC developed The Lost Experience , an online multimedia scavenger hunt where fans could discover the deeper secrets that propped up the show 's mysteries .
The Experience included voicemail lines and a website for the show 's fictional Hanso Foundation where code and passwords could be entered to reveal hidden information .
It was a geek 's treasure chest .
While reality TV shows blathered about " viewer interactivity " , Lost fans were living it .
As Lost 's popularity snowballed , 24 was becoming a victim of its own excess .
Although it was as compelling as ever , its eye - popping torture scenes were causing concern .
Brigadier general Patrick Finnegan , dean of the military academy at West Point , met the show 's producers to request that they tone down its torture content .
You knew the show had arrived when only the US army could hold it back .
But as the human pyramids tumbled at Guantánamo Bay it was n't so easy for 24 to dismiss its critics .
They said it was reactionary , a neocon fantasy .
The word " fascist " was bandied about .
Fans of the show knew it was a lot more complicated than that .
24 portrayed principled Muslim leaders , showed Arab - Americans as patriots and hawkish politicians as villains .
Season six bad guy Noah Daniels conspired to usurp the President 's authority and implement racial profiling and detention centres for American Muslims and spent much of the season gagging for a nuclear strike on the Middle East .
Not to mention the comically corrupt Nixon - channelling President Logan , the saint - like black Democrat President Palmer and the multiple Big Oil interests behind terrorist attacks .
Their unpredictable nature is why they 're so addictive .
Psychological research shows that intermittent rewards result in addiction more than continuous guaranteed rewards
As 24 fought its corner , Lost was also picking up critics .
With the mythology growing ever more complex , some episodes hit bum notes and many lost patience .
It was obscure for the sake of it , they said ; they were making it up as they went along ; worst of all , they said it never answered any of the questions it so intriguingly raised .
That final point is the most enduring myth about Lost , spread mainly by people who stopped watching around season two .
The show does answer key questions .
Here are a few :
What 's in the hatch ?
A crazy Scottish man preventing calamity by pushing a button .
Do they make it off the island ?
Hell yes .
What exactly is the island ?
The island is a cork , keeping an evil smoke monster contained so it does n't leak out and infect the rest of the world .
If these answers seem strange then you 're watching the wrong show .
Just like 24 , Lost retained a loyal and passionate fan base throughout its run .
Both shows have had their ups and downs , yet 3,000 film and TV fans had them occupying the top two slots in lovefilm.com 's most addictive shows survey .
Their unpredictable nature is probably why they 're so addictive .
Psychological research shows that intermittent rewards result in addiction more than continuous guaranteed rewards .
So 24 and Lost with their big highs with lulls in between are more likely to produce addiction than , say , the consistency of The West Wing .
Just when you thought you had a handle on these shows they broke formation and produced something spectacular .
They demanded a lot from their viewers and following them required real commitment .
True believers never doubted it was worth the effort .
Both shows could infuriate but a great episode of Lost was just magical and a great episode of 24 was just exhilarating .
Ultimately , that 's what makes Lost and 24 stand apart – their connection with the fans .
They brought the best out of its viewers – Jack Bauer fan sites , forums and Facebook groups and the Lost conspiracy theories , even more labyrinthine than the show itself .
The fan - led podcasts , YouTube tribute videos and thriving fan fiction subculture let you know that these shows had an impact like few others are even capable of doing .
They helped produce the most literate , media savvy , actively participating generation of television viewers yet .
As legacies go , it 's not a bad one to be going on with .
LOST IN NUMBERS
121 Number of episodes 6 Series 23.47 million Highest - rated episode : " Man of Science , Man Of Faith " ( season two ) 8.56 million Lowest - rated episode : " Dead Is Dead " ( season five ) $ 10 - 14 m Approximate cost of pilot 324 Oceanic Flight 815 Passengers 72 Initial survivors ( 71 humans and Vincent the dog ) 50 Island deaths 7 Known survivors 16 Status unknown 4 8 15 16 23 42 The Magic Numbers 4 Years of John Locke 's paralysis 15 Gate number of Ajira Airlines flight 16 Age of Jack 's first solo surgery patient 23 Survivors from 815 's midsection 42 Kate 's number 108 Sum of Magic Numbers 108 Hatch countdown clock 815 Oceanic flight number 2342 Hurley 's Sydney hotel room number 2342 The auction block number for the Black Rock diary 4 8 15 16 23 42 Desmond 's computer code
24 IN NUMBERS
192 Number of episodes 8 Series 17 million Highest - rated episode : Day 5 : 7.00 am–8.00 am 7.9 million Lowest - rated episode : Day 8 : 7.00 am–8.00 am $ 3 - $ 4 m Cost of each episode $ 550,000 Amount Kiefer Sutherland earned per episode 10.5 Months filming in a season 1 Number of Jack Bauer bathroom breaks in eight seasons 13,627 Total deaths 260 Jack Bauer kills 67 Torture scenes in first five seasons 2 Black American Presidents 1 Female American President 13 Female villains 71 Writers 1,143 Actors
Want to know if the blouse you 're trying on at Bloomingdale 's can be snagged on the cheap at Ross ?
Curious whether that painting is a genuine Jackson Pollock or the inspired effort of a kindergartener ?
Wondering how much the restaurant gouged you on that bottle of wine ?
Thanks to steady advancements in a technology known as computer vision , questions like these can be asked and answered in seconds , by simply snapping a picture of the object in question with a smart phone .
Researchers at major technology companies and a handful of startups are building sophisticated algorithms that can identify the subject of photographs with increasing accuracy and , in turn , serve up the relevant information that can be found online .
It 's enabling search on the go for mobile devices , a means of quickly pulling up details without thumbing in queries on a tiny or virtual keyboard .
But it promises far more than that :
It 's a way to learn about something when you do n't know the words to type into a box , and a means of tapping into a new layer of information and meaning about the world immediately around you .
Google Inc. , which has delivered the most comprehensive visual search technology in the market today , believes it does nothing short of bolster human intelligence .
" In some sense it makes you kind of like a superhero , " said David Petrou , lead engineer for Google Goggles , the visual search tool available for smart phones that run on the Mountain View company 's Android operating system .
" You are augmenting the scene around you with this device that 's connecting to the cloud and has all kinds of information . "
Translates text
Goggles can , in many cases , recognize and provide information about things like landmarks , wine labels , barcodes and book titles .
It can automatically store or dial up contact information pulled from a business card , or jump to a URL that appears in a photo .
After an upgrade earlier this month , it can translate text in foreign languages , so you can snap a picture of a German menu before taking a chance on the ochsenschwanzsuppe .
( For the record , that would be oxtail soup . )
In the case of Goggles , computer vision technology is just the starting point .
The results are refined and enhanced by a potpourri of technologies like GPS , automated text translation and optical character recognition tools that identify letters and numbers .
And none of it would be possible without considerable recent advances in the capabilities of smart phones , mobile networks and cloud computing , or the ability to tap into massive databases and processing power across remote server farms .
Google plans to release a version of Goggles for Apple Inc. 's popular iPhone later this year .
IQ Engines of Berkeley , a nearly 3 - year - old company funded by angel investors and research grants from the National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health , unveiled a visual search application for the device last month .
Dubbed oMoby , it 's designed as a comparison shopping tool , pulling up search engines and online retailers for products that appear in an image .
It employs proprietary visual recognition technology developed by researchers at UC Berkeley and UC Davis .
But to provide an answer even when the algorithm comes up short , it also taps into " crowd sourcing , " or a network of human beings ready to provide responses .
OMoby is just one application of the underlying technology , which will soon be available for other companies to implement into their own products , said Gerry Pesavento , chief executive of IQ Engines .
The NIH grant , for instance , is being used to build tools to allow the blind to identify colors , products or locations using a smart phone .
Other major technology companies are also experimenting with visual search , including Amazon , Yahoo Inc. and Microsoft Corp .
So far , the latter two have n't rolled out applications that analyze pictures taken on smart phones .
Limitations
The Sunnyvale portal is conducting in - house evaluations , but wo n't introduce a product until it can offer a high quality user experience that fulfills a demonstrated need , said Kaushal Kurapati , senior director for Yahoo search products .
" We feel some of the experiences that have been thrown out today are a blanket approach , " he said .
" Just putting up a sort of blind visual search wo n't do much good for the user , so we 're exploring " where it makes the most sense to focus .
Indeed , engineers at most of these companies readily admit there are real limitations to what can be accomplished today with visual search .
Clear pictures of subjects with distinct patterns , like buildings and book titles , often turn up usable results .
But the tools struggle to recognize things with plain textures or nonuniform shapes , like a black handbag , a hamster or an oak tree .
Likewise , artist Piet Mondrian 's sparse use of lines and colors tripped up Google Goggles during a test at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art - in one case returning an image of what was admittedly a very similar looking window blind .
Potential applications
Still , the technology is bound to steadily improve , eventually enabling applications that will go well beyond the smart phone : tools that can make medical diagnoses and recommend treatments when a doctor can't be reached ; smarter military missiles that can automatically change their trajectory or disarm themselves based on visual information received up to the instant before impact ; and security systems that can recognize the face of a suspected terrorist in a crowded airport or public square .
" The camera is the eye and we 're building the brain , " Pesavento said .
" Once you have visual intelligence , there are a lot of places to apply it . "
More on Goggles :
To see Google Goggles put to the test at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and to learn more about what other major tech companies are doing in this field , go to www.sfgate.com/ZJQS
Electronic
Arts is spending more money on the development of Star Wars : The Old Republic MMO than it 's ever spent on any game in its history .
" It is the largest R&D project EA has ever undertaken in terms of total dollars that we expect to spend bringing the title to market , " said chief financial officer Eric Brown at Janney Capital Markets ' 2010 Consumer Conference , as listened in on by Gamasutra .
And an investment of that kind means a project that will take time -- the BioWare - developed Star Wars MMO wo n't see release before March 2011 : " We 're not expecting it to ship in fiscal 2010 , nor have we given a specific ship date thereafter , " said Brown .
" We 're intentionally being nonspecific on the ship date . "
But EA feels it can spare no expense because of all the factors favoring The Old Republic 's success .
" In the past , for MMOs , the type of fiction that has resonated most broadly is fiction based on swords and knights and sorcery , et cetera , " Brown explained .
" Star Wars is analogous to that -- instead of the swords , you have the lightsabers ; instead of the knights you have the Jedi -- we think it 's a fiction that does very well , we think it 's a fiction that spans the decades , " Brown added , pointing out that most if not all of the conference 's attendees were likely to be familiar with the property .
" We think it has very broad appeal , " he said .
And EA believes the project could n't be in any better hands : " BioWare is one of the highest - rated studios in terms of quality overall , " Brown says , adding that Mass Effect 2 , with a Metacritic score of 96 and among the third - highest overall on the aggregator , " is the highest - quality title EA ever released . "
With a strong property , an enormous investment and the right studio , EA thinks it 's found the project that should take top billing in its MMO strategy -- " our principal investment and commitment vis a vis the MMO space , " says Brown .
As for Warhammer , it has " a couple hundred thousand subscribers to date , " according to Brown .
" But the Star Wars MMO does indeed represent our primary emphasis vis a vis this category . "
Matt Hawthorne , one our favorite Richmond artists has new work hanging in at Gallery 5 until this weekend .
Matt Hawthorne , one our favorite Richmond artists has new work hanging in at Gallery 5 until this weekend .
The works in Richmond native Matthew Hawthorne ’s upcoming series , Gut Feeling - comprised of a selection of his older and newer works - focuses on the relationship between man and the man-made .
By intertwining elements of the organic and industrial , Hawthorne blurs the line between the two realms .
“ I ’ve been working to try and illustrate a connection between the aesthetics of the mechanical object made in man ’s image , and a sort of skeletal , fleshy undertone to project a sense of embodiment . ”
- Matthew Hawthorne
Gut Feeling will be on display until May 29th .
via the Gallery5 blog
Two employees of a Phoenix loan company are accused of posing as Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office detectives since 2009 in an apparent attempt to collect loan payments
Merle Madison , 50 , and Paul Romero , 31 , who both worked at the Cash Time Title Loan Company on 43rd and Glenrosa avenues , were arrested Tuesday and could face charges .
A Sheriff's Office employee was receiving calls from people claiming they were contacted by a Sheriff 's Office detective .
The Sheriff 's Office began an investigation in February .
Sheriff 's Office investigators suspected employees at Cash Time Title Loan Company were representing themselves as law enforcement officers in an attempt to intimidate clients to repay loans or turn in vehicles to be used as collateral for the loans .
The victims said someone claiming to be a " Detective Maxwell " would call about their late loan payment and warn that they could be subject to arrest .
After a months - long investigation , investigators suspect that two employees used a calling system that caused the Sheriff 's Office telephone number to appear in the receiver 's caller identification .
According to the Sheriff 's Office , the two employees had apparently made more than 1,700 calls since early 2009 acting as detectives .
The Sheriff 's Office served a search warrant in late May on Cash Time Title Loans when detectives said Madison " admitted " to being " Detective Maxwell , " according to court documents .
One could be charged with impersonating a peace officer , and the second could be charged with conspiracy to aid in impersonating a peace officer .
Google has launched a new cloud storage service competing directly with Amazon 's S3 .
Google Storage for Developers offers scalable , high - bandwidth storage , with an easy - to - use RESTful API .
Google Storage will cost 17 ¢ per gigabyte per month , with uploads costing 10 ¢ per gigabyte and 15 -30 ¢ per gigabyte for downloads .
Initially , Google Storage will only be available to a limited number of US - based developers , with 100GB of storage and 300 GB of bandwidth per month for no charge .
This announcement comes just a day after Amazon offered a cut - price version of S3 , offering weaker reliability guarantees for a lower price .
Amazon 's Reduced Reliability storage offers 99.99 percent reliability for 10 ¢ per gigabyte , compared to S3 's normal price of 15 ¢ per gigabyte .
Amazon 's pricing structure also offers discounts for heavy users .
Though Google has its AppEngine cloud computing platform , it has previously lacked a storage solution to go with it .
As such , it was missing a key component for many Web applications , and represented a big drawback relative to Amazon 's more comprehensive offerings .
Google Storage is a step towards remedying this deficit , but it 's going to be a while before the search giant 's offerings will rival the maturity of the much more established — and cheaper — S3 .
HTML code for embedding | Share on Facebook | Support MFA 's work On September 24 , 2010 , Billy Joe Gregg , Jr. , a worker at Conklin Dairy Farms caught on hidden camera during a Mercy For Animals investigation maliciously abusing cows and calves , pleaded guilty to six misdemeanor counts of cruelty to animals .
Gregg was sentenced to eight months in jail , ordered to pay a $ 1,000 fine , and is barred from contact with animals for three years .
Gregg must also receive counseling through a program that specializes in treating individuals involved in animal abuse cases .
Gregg 's arrest and conviction stem from chilling undercover footage recorded during a Mercy For Animals investigation earlier this year at Conklin Dairy Farms in Plain City , Ohio .
During a four - week investigation in April and May , MFA 's investigator documented farm workers :
Violently punching young calves in the face , body slamming them to the ground , and pulling and throwing them by their ears
Routinely using pitchforks to stab cows in the face , legs and stomach
Kicking " downed " cows ( those too injured to stand ) in the face and neck – abuse carried out and encouraged by the farm 's owner
Maliciously beating restrained cows in the face with crowbars – some attacks involving over 40 blows to the head
Twisting cows ' tails until the bones snapped
Punching cows ' udders
Bragging about stabbing , dragging , shooting , breaking bones , and beating cows and calves to death After viewing the footage , Dr. Bernard Rollin , Distinguished Professor of Animal Science at Colorado State University , stated : " " This is probably the most gratuitous , sustained , sadistic animal abuse I have ever seen .
The video depicts calculated , deliberate cruelty , based not on momentary rage but on taking pleasure through causing pain to cows and calves who are defenseless . " "
Sadly , cruelty to farmed animals in Ohio – no matter how egregious – is classified as a mere misdemeanor .
Ohio has some of the weakest animal protection laws in the nation – ranking 43rd out of all 50 states .
Further , no federal laws provide protection for farmed animals during their lives on the farm .
Such inadequate state laws and the absence of federal laws lead to rampant abuse .
The deplorable conditions uncovered at Conklin Dairy Farms further highlight the reality that animal agriculture cannot be trusted to self - regulate and that meaningful federal and state law must be implemented and strengthened to prevent egregious cruelty to farmed animals .
" Gregg 's punishment is a slap on the wrist compared to the unimaginable suffering endured by the animals who were victims of his malicious abuse , " says MFA 's Executive Director , Nathan Runkle .
" " It 's an outrage that in Ohio it 's a mere misdemeanor to sadistically punch , beat and stab farmed animals , break their bones and otherwise torture them .
This case should serve as a wake - up call to all compassionate citizens that Ohio must do more to strengthen its animal cruelty laws . " "
Although many of the abuses documented at Conklin Dairy Farms are expressions of Gregg 's sadistic pathology , numerous MFA undercover investigations at dairy farms , pig farms , egg farms , hatcheries and slaughterhouses have revealed that violence and abuse to farmed animals – whether malicious or institutionalized – run rampant nationwide .
Compassionate consumers can end their direct financial support of farmed animal abuse by rejecting dairy , and other animal products , and adopting a vegan diet .
www.thenation.com --
The CBS affiliate in New York reported today : " In the end , it was secret Army intelligence planes that did him in .
Armed with his cell phone number , they circled the skies over the New York area , intercepting a call to Emirates Airlines reservations , before scrambling to catch him at John F. Kennedy International Airport . "
The post at 5:34 PM was titled " Army Intelligence Planes Led To Suspect 's Arrest . "
But then at 6:21 PM , the article 's title was changed to " Total Time Of Investigation : 53 Hours , 20 Minutes : Faisal Shahzad In Custody After Nearly Fleeing United States . "
As Rayne observed on FireDogLake , the paragraph about the Army planes was deleted from the CBS story .
Read more : , , What You Should Know
Got something to say to us ?
Then send us a letter .
Want us to stick around ?
Donate to The eXiled .
Twitter twerps can follow us at twitter.com/exiledonline
DEFAULT
Al - Jazeera was suspended from operating in Bahrain on 19 May .
The government said the news channel was “ flouting the laws regulating the press and publishing ” in the country and did not comply with “ professional norms . ”
The bureau ’s suspension includes both the Arabic and English stations and Bahrain - based online content ; and an Al - Jazeera film crew have been denied entry into the country .
Some reports claim a report Al - Jazeera aired on poverty in Bahrain may have been the catalyst for the ban .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Google ’s ( s goog ) planned experimental fiber network will be so open that the company hopes to see other ISPs ride it in order to deliver their own services , according to a story by BroadbandBreakfast.com .
The publication quotes a project manager in charge of the program ( whom we ’ve also interviewed before ) , as saying :
“ We definitely inviting the Comcasts , the AT&T service providers to work with us on our network , and to provide their service offering on top of our pipe – we ’re definitely planning on doing that , ” said Minnie Ingersoll , Google ’s product manager and co-lead for alternative access .
“ Our general attitude has been that there ’s plenty of room for innovation right now in the broadband space , and it ’s great what the cable companies are doing , upgrading to DOCSIS 3.0 , but no one company has a monopoly on innovation . ”
Although I ca n’t imagine any of the larger ISPs taking Ingersoll up on the offer , it deos represent a chance for them to get away from being dumb pipes by truly proving the value of the services they offer to their users .
And in the process , they could try to overload Google ’s network with their content , as they accuse Google of doing to their own networks .
Except that Google ’s small network would be fiber - to - the - home , rather than a a more easily - congested cable or copper pipe .
While Ingersoll did n’t share when Google might announce which of the 1,100 municipalities that applied for the fiber network to be built in their town , she did say she was evaluating them based on “ the efficiency with which such networks could be rolled out , and how the targeted communities could benefit from the roll - out of such a network , ” according to BroadbandBreakfast.com .
As much as I ’d like to see that fiber installed in my city , I ’m even more excited to see how the whole project plays out in terms of costs and what it can show us about the economics of delivering fiber to the home .
Related GigaOM
Pro content ( sub req ’ ) :
Google Buzz , Fiber and Their Place in the Smart Grid
Technically , Mary 's not a Republican , even if she looks & votes like one
This is a fundamental problem with our current crop of elites .
Even when it makes good business or political sense they simply cannot stop shilling .
It 's obscene .
Just as the arrogant Masters of the Universe refused to lay low , even though it was the smart move , you see the oil companies and their lackeys out there spinning like tops and losing all credibility in the process .
This is very stupid politics , stupid business and stupid damage control .
Even whatever respect I might have reluctantly held for these sharks ' self - preservation is gone .
Our elites are just plain bad at their jobs and they remain powerful and wealthy by dint of their positions not their ability .
In other words , they are a bloated , decadent aristocracy .
And we know what tends to happen to them .
John McCain ( R - AZ - $ 2,664,364 )
Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - TX - $ 2,137,225 )
Phil Gramm ( R - TX - $ 1,682,814 )
John Cornyn ( R - TX - $ 1,632,550 )
James Inhofe ( R - OK - $ 1,228,223 )
Murkowski , who has received $ 1.2 million from energy and natural resource interests in her political career , said she feared the impact on independent operators in her state .
She noted that the Exxon Valdez spill resulted in a $ 5 - billion court judgment against Exxon , now Exxon - Mobil .
Menendez had harsh words for her reasoning , at a press conference Thursday :
" Some of the independent operators are $ 40 - billion companies .
So this is n't mom and pop on the grocery store on the corner .
And by the way , even if you are smaller than a $ 40 billion independent company , if you 're drilling , if you 're doing deep - sea drilling and the risk as we have seen the risk be actualized , should you not be responsible ? "
Menendez 's Garden State colleague and fellow Democrat , Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , chided Murkowski's representation of the 1994 Exxon Valdez judgment , which he noted was fought fiercely in courts , and was reduced in 2008 to $ 507 million .
The bill blocked by Murkowski on Thursday likewise would have raised the economic - damage liability cap to $ 10 billion , but it also would have eliminated a $ 1 - billion - per - incident cap on claims against the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund , which covers a company 's liability beyond the $ 75 - million cap .
That fund comes from a per - barrel tax on oil .
Menedez 's bill would have allowed responders to tap the fund for preparation and mitigation such as the activity occurring on the shores of the Gulf of Mexico , in response to the BP spill .
If damages exceed the fund , currently $ 1.6 billion , claimants would be allowed to collect against future revenues from the fund , with interest , under the Menendez bill .
The measure also would have eliminated a $ 500 - million cap on natural resource damages .
The potential devastation to the Gulf Coast , its economy , and its people require us to continue our relentless efforts to stop the leak and contain the damage .
There ’s already been a loss of life , damage to our coastline , to fish and wildlife , and to the livelihoods of everyone from fishermen to restaurant and hotel owners .
I saw firsthand the anger and frustration felt by our neighbors in the Gulf .
And let me tell you , it is an anger and frustration that I share as President .
And I ’m not going to rest or be satisfied until the leak is stopped at the source , the oil in the Gulf is contained and cleaned up , and the people of the Gulf are able to go back to their lives and their livelihoods .
Now , the most important order of business is to stop the leak .
I know there have been varying reports over the last few days about how large the leak is , but since no one can get down there in person , we know there is a level of uncertainty .
But as Admiral Thad Allen said today , our mobilization and response efforts have always been geared toward the possibility of a catastrophic event .
And what really matters is this :
There ’s oil leaking and we need to stop it -- and we need to stop it as soon as possible .
With that source being 5,000 feet under the ocean ’s surface , this has been extremely difficult .
But scientists and engineers are currently using the best , most advanced technology that exists to try to stop the flow of oil as quickly as possible .
Our second task has been to contain the spill and protect the Gulf Coast and the people who live there .
We are using every available resource to stop the oil from coming ashore .
Over one million feet of barrier boom have been deployed to hold the oil back .
Hundreds of thousands of gallons of dispersant have helped to break up the oil , and about four million gallons of oily water have been recovered ; 13,000 people have been mobilized to protect the shoreline and its wildlife , as has the National Guard .
This week , we also sent to Congress legislation that would provide us with the additional resources to mitigate the damage caused by this spill .
And I ask for prompt action on this legislation .
That would help with cleanup efforts , it would provide unemployment assistance and job training to folks whose jobs are affected by this crisis , and it would help with the region ’s economic recovery .
That 's why this legislation is important .
It would also help ensure that companies like BP that are responsible for oil spills are the ones that pay for the harm caused by these oil spills - – not the taxpayers .
This is in addition to the low - interest loans that we ’ve made available to small businesses that are suffering financial losses from the spill .
Let me also say , by the way , a word here about BP and the other companies involved in this mess .
I know BP has committed to pay for the response effort , and we will hold them to their obligation .
I have to say , though , I did not appreciate what I considered to be a ridiculous spectacle during the congressional hearings into this matter .
You had executives of BP and Transocean and Halliburton falling over each other to point the finger of blame at somebody else The American people could not have been impressed with that display , and I certainly was n’t .
I understand that there are legal and financial issues involved , and a full investigation will tell us exactly what happened .
But it is pretty clear that the system failed , and it failed badly .
And for that , there is enough responsibility to go around .
And all parties should be willing to accept it .
That includes , by the way , the federal government .
For too long , for a decade or more , there has been a cozy relationship between the oil companies and the federal agency that permits them to drill .
It seems as if permits were too often issued based on little more than assurances of safety from the oil companies .
That cannot and will not happen anymore .
To borrow an old phrase , we will trust but we will verify .
Now , from the day he took office as Interior Secretary , Ken Salazar has recognized these problems and he ’s worked to solve them .
Oftentimes he has been slammed by the industry , suggesting that somehow these necessary reforms would impede economic growth .
Well , as I just told Ken , we are going to keep on going to do what needs to be done .
And so I ’ve asked Secretary Salazar to conduct a top - to - bottom reform of the Minerals Management Service .
This week , he announced that the part of the agency which permits oil and gas drilling and collects royalties will be separated from the part of the agency in charge of inspecting the safety of oil rigs and platforms and enforcing the law .
That way , there ’s no conflict of interest , real or perceived .
We ’ve also ordered immediate inspections of all deepwater operations in the Gulf of Mexico .
And we ’ve announced that no permits for drilling new wells will go forward until the 30 - day safety and environmental review that I requested is completed .
We ’re also closing the loophole that has allowed some oil companies to bypass some critical environmental reviews , and today we ’re announcing a new examination of the environmental procedures for oil and gas exploration and development .
Now , as I ’ve said before , domestic oil drilling continues to be one part of an overall energy strategy that now includes more clean , renewable energy and energy efficiency than at any other time in our history .
But it ’s absolutely essential that going forward we put in place every necessary safeguard and protection so that a tragedy like this oil spill does not happen again .
This is a responsibility that all of us share - – the oil companies share it ; the manufacturers of this equipment share it ; the agencies in the federal government in charge of oversight share that responsibility .
I will not tolerate more finger pointing or irresponsibility .
The people of the Gulf Coast need our help , and they deserve nothing less than for us to stand up and do whatever is necessary to stop this spill , prevent further damage , and compensate all those who ’ve been harmed already .
That ’s our job .
It ’s also our job to make sure this kind of mess does n’t happen again .
It ’s a job we ’ve been doing .
It ’s a job we will keep doing until the well is capped and the spill is cleaned up , and all claims are paid .
A couple nights ago Digby cut up corporate Dem and greasy Louisiana oil shill Mary Landrieu real nice , pointing out that " [ e] very single time she goes on TV she makes it very clear that her main concern is the oil industry .
Even if she 's their full - time employee , she could ask to be let off the leash to do a little less public cheerleading in the middle of this crisis .
It 's dissonant and weird at this point .
( I have no doubt she knows how her employers want her to vote on the issue . )
" Well , we hope so .
And we hope that includes the entire Republican Party , the " Drill , Baby , Drill " crowd who worked so , so hard to deregulate Big Oil and set them free to pour 1.1 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico every day .
Even David Letterman had something to say about it the other night , noting " we may be moving to Mars sooner than we thought .
" Since 1990 Big Oil has spent a quarterdollars -- not counting almost four times that much just since 1998 in lobbying -- in direct , abeit veiled , bribes to members of Congress and candidates for Congress .
Fully 75 % of that bounty has gone to Republicans and most of the rest have gone to the slimiest of Democratic shills , like Landrieu , Blanche Lincoln and Arlen Specter ... you know the characters .
The Big Five for Big Oil , though -- the ones who have gotten over a million bucks in pay - offs -- are all Republicans : Other Republican senators who are fully - owned subsidiaries of Big Oil are Miss McConnell ( R- KY - $ 860,261 ) , David Vitter ( R- LA - $ 766,535 ) , John Thune ( R - SD - $ 567,562 ) , Tom Coburn ( R- OK - $ 450,613 ) , Lisa Murkowski ( R - AK - $ 425,989 ) and Richard Burr ( R- NC - $ 419,602 ) .
And yesterday Murkowski earned her keep .
Florida Democrat Bill Nelson asked for unanimous consent on their Big Oil Bailout Prevention Liability Act of 2010 .
After Robert Menendez explained to the Senate that " my mom taught me when you mess up , you clean up and you 're responsible for it ; oil companies should get that message as well , " Murkowski objected , killing the unanimous consent concept .
I bet Big Oil is damned happy they 've invested so heavily in Murkowski and that she 's been exactly as amenible to blatant corruption as her father , Frank , long considered the single most corrupt man to have served in the U.S. Senate in the Twentieth Century .
She even managed to help Bart Stupak burnish his image !
President Obama addressed this catastrophe today in a press conference :
Labels : Big Oil , Lisa Murkowski , Mary Landrieu , oil spill
Not much needs to be added to this , except I hope they end up bankrupted sooner , rather than later .
The chief executive of BP has told Sky News he believes the massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill will end up having only a " very , very modest " environmental impact .
Experts had feared the Deepwater Horizon disaster could have led to one of the worst environmental catastrophes in US history .
But the British oil giant has risked outrage along the Gulf Coast by predicting a far smaller impact .
Dr Tony Hayward said : " I think the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to have been very , very modest .
" It is impossible to say and we will mount , as part of the aftermath , a very detailed environmental assessment but everything we can see at the moment suggests that the overall environmental impact will be very , very modest . "
Current Issue Minister urges 8 governors to use hotels as quarantine facilities
Engineers at the University of Southampton 's School of Electronics and Computer Science ( ECS ) are working to develop prototype insulation systems that could lead to new high - efficiency electrical generators .
Professor Alun Vaughan , Dr Paul Lewin and Dr Gabriele Gherbaz at the University 's Electrical Power Engineering group are leading the University 's role in the € 3 million EU - funded ANASTASIA ( Advanced NAno - Structured TApeS for electrotechnical high power Insulating Applications ) .
The aim of the three - year project is to develop radically innovative electrical insulating tapes for use in generators and motors to improve the energy conversion efficiency of electrotechnical systems across Europe .
The team predicts that , at a European scale , a 0.2 percent gain in generator conversion efficiency could save the equivalent of 1000 MW ( megawatts ) which is comparable to one nuclear power plant or € 1.5 billion .
" The current insulation systems used in generators are old fashioned and are rather thick , poor thermal conductors , " said Professor Vaughan .
" Our aim is to replace the current insulation tapes with new materials integrated with nanofilters to increase the ability to dissipate heat and withstand high electrics field strengths . "
The team will test three different approaches to come up with a prototype that will form the basis for use in new power networks ; the ECS team will test the electrical properties of the schemes in their High Voltage Laboratory .
The other consortium members for this project are : Von Roll Switzerland AG , Alstom Hydro , Laborelec - Electrabel , Politecnico di Torino , University of Montpelier 2 , Institut de Recherche Hydro - Québec , Nottingham Trent University .
For further information about ANASTASIA , visit : http://www.anastasia-project.eu
[ [ nid:13690 ] ]
I am pleased to announce that today we unveiled the Administration ’s first Joint Strategic Plan to combat intellectual property theft .
The U.S. economy leads the world in innovation and creativity thanks to American inventors , artists and workers .
Our ability to develop new technology , designs and artistic works supports jobs and allows us to export great new products and services around the world .
Our citizens need to feel confident that they can invest in new innovation and intellectual property , knowing it will be safe from theft .
Ensuring that our ideas and ingenuity are protected helps us create jobs and increase our exports .
Now , more than ever , we need to protect the ideas , artistry , and our reputation for quality , provide our businesses with the incentives to make each new product better , reduce crimes related to intellectual property infringement and keep dangerous counterfeits out of our supply chain to protect our citizens .
Strong intellectual property enforcement will help us to accomplish that .
The Obama Administration has always embraced the free flow of information , online collaboration , and fair use by average citizens , which are also helping to advance our society and economy every day -- this strategy does not target legitimate and legal activity .
The Administration is technology - neutral , using both proprietary and open source platforms on the web and all content on WhiteHouse.gov is public domain , making it an active participant in the online communities of the 21st Century .
This office was established to coordinate the efforts of the different parts of the government that work hard to stop intellectual property theft .
Equally important , your government also wants to make sure that the products you buy are safe .
Those principles form the backbone of the strategy for combating infringement .
To develop the strategy , we worked closely with agencies across the government that are responsible for fighting infringement .
We also incorporated some of the great ideas you submitted to us in response to our request for comments .
The strategy contains more than thirty concrete recommendations for improvement , falling into six main categories .
First , we will lead by example .
Specifically , we will work to ensure that we do not mistakenly purchase or use illegal products .
Second , the strategy underscores that this Administration supports transparency .
That includes transparency in our development of enforcement policy , information sharing , and reporting of law enforcement activities at home and abroad .
Third , we will improve coordination and thereby increase efficiency and effectiveness of law enforcement efforts at the Federal , state and local level , of personnel stationed overseas and of our international training efforts .
Fourth , we will work with our trading partners and within international organizations to better enforce American intellectual property rights in the global economy .
In that regard , we will initiate a comprehensive review of current efforts in support of U.S. businesses that have difficulty enforcing their intellectual property rights in overseas markets , with a particular focus on China .
Fifth , we must secure our supply chain .
To achieve this most important goal , we will take a close look at the unique problems posed by foreign - based websites and other entities that provide access to counterfeit or pirated products , and develop a coordinated and comprehensive plan to address them .
We will make sure our law enforcement has the authority it needs to secure the supply chain and also encourage industry to work collaboratively to address unlawful activity on the internet , such as illegal downloading and illegal internet pharmacies .
Sixth , and finally , we will make sure we spend your money wisely , a process we have already begun .
To do that , we have , and will continue to collect and track the amount of money we spend on intellectual property enforcement per year .
We will use this information to map out the most effective way to fight this theft .
The American economy is driven by the innovation and creativity of its people .
We need to protect the ideas and artistry that has made us so successful .
We need to make sure we protect our citizens from the risks to public health and safety posed by criminal activity and by dangerous counterfeits .
This strategy is the coordinated effort of your government to protect consumers and our economy from these real threats .
I am confident that this strategy will be a significant step in that direction .
I encourage you to read the strategy we submitted to Congress today .
If you do , I hope that you will agree that we are headed along the right path .
Victoria Espinel is the U.S. Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator
In a tense standoff , BP continued to spray a product called Corexit in the Gulf of Mexico on Monday to break up a vast oil spill despite a demand by federal regulators that it switch to something less toxic .
The Environmental Protection Agency had set a Sunday night deadline for BP to stop using two dispersants from the Corexit line of products .
The oil company has defended its use of Corexit and taken issue with the methods the agency used to estimate its toxicity .
At a news conference Monday , the E.P.A. administrator , Lisa P. Jackson , said that she was “ dissatisfied with BP ’s response ” and had ordered the oil giant to take “ immediate steps to scale back the use of dispersants . ”
Ms. Jackson called BP ’s safety data on dispersants insufficient and said government scientists would conduct their own tests to decide which dispersant was best to use .
She said the amount of chemicals applied to control the oil spilling from the Deepwater Horizon well — more than 700,000 gallons so far on the gulf ’s surface and a mile underwater at the leaking well head — was “ approaching a world record . ”
OTHER VOLCANOES : SHOULD
THE
Icelandic volcano Katla erupt the resulting spread of ash from the eruption column could disrupt air travel in Europe for several weeks .
The disruption to air travel caused by the current eruption in Eyjafjallajökull would pale in comparison with such an eruption , assuming that it was of the same magnitude as the infamous Katla eruption of 1918 .
“ Such an event could form an eruption column stretching up to 20 km into the stratosphere , ” Haraldur Sigurðsson , a world authority on volcanoes , said .
“ The distribution of ash could greatly exceed the spread from the current eruption column at Eyjafjallajökull , which has stretched 6 - 10 km in the troposphere , and reach a substantially greater portion of the European continent .
“ The flow of magma or molten rock from Katla in 1918 was 10 times greater than the current eruption , although there is no guarantee that the next Katla eruption would be of the same magnitude . ”
Prof Sigurðsson said the spewing of ash from Eyjafjallajökull was caused by the explosive nature of the gas - rich andesite magma that is erupting .
Icelandic settlement reaches back to the late 9th century AD , with three documented instances of an eruption in the Eyjafjallajökull volcano preceding an eruption in Katla , but 22 documented eruptions in the much more active Katla in the same period .
This connection has not been lost by geologists observing the disaster .
According to Prof Sigurðsson , these eruptions , in AD 920 ( estimate ) , 1612 and 1823 , are too few to establish a demonstratable pattern , suggesting that history may not repeat itself this time around .
Nevertheless , a scenario in which the current eruption triggers Katla to erupt is quite possible , as Helgi Björnsson , one of Iceland ’s foremost glacier experts , points out with a reference to the interconnectivity of the volcanic system and historical records .
An eruption in Katla would not only inflict economic losses upon Europe , as the impact of the eruption and resulting flooding could greatly exceed the damages by the Eyjafjallajökull eruption in the area .
Icelandic history is rich of tales of the might of the much - feared Katla volcano .
Photographs taken of the 1918 eruption provide the first visual account of the extraordinary forces at play .
The magnificent eruption column aside , the photographs show how icebergs carried by the flooding from the 600 - metre or so deep ice shield over the Katla crater could reach up to 30 metres in height , according to Porir Kjartansson , a history enthusiast who recalls tales from the area .
For comparison , the ice sheet on Eyjafjallajökull is estimated to be 250 metres thick .
Mr Kjartansson says that the flooding is also considered to have brought a 2,000 - ton rock from the volcano to the black volcanic desert of Mýrdalssandur , while also extending the beach by a factor of 2 km within the first 24 hours of the 1918 eruption .
Mr Björnsson adds that locals feared eruptions and resulting flooding in the nearby desert to the extent that they created emergency plans should the bursting floods begin while they were crossing the volcanic sands .
Porour Tómasson , curator at the Skógar Museum near the volcanic desert , also recalls tales of dramatic destruction of farms and livestock in floodings from the volcano .
One of these tales describes how adjacent pasture and farmhouses were covered so extensively by the ferocious flooding that only a single horse standing on a hill escaped .
Mr Björnsson also recalls a dramatic tale from 1311 in which a man and an infant survived a flood caused by Katla by staying on the surface of an iceberg that the tide would later bring back to the beach .
They were the only ones to survive .
The Houses of Parliament are in recess from 4 Sep until 5 Oct 2020 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the past four months , two foreign terrorist plots fizzled .
The Christmas Day undie - bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmuttalab , failed to detonate plastic explosives hidden in his underwear while on board Northwest Flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit .
This past weekend , Faisal Shahzad drove an SUV into Times Square that contained a homemade incendiary device composed of the wrong type of fertilizer , faulty wiring , and propane tanks that were not fully open .
It smoked , but did not go boom .
Though the mass murderers of 9/11 pulled off a complicated operation that changed the world — and their ideological comrades have managed successful but smaller operations in Lisbon , Mumbai , London , and Bali — the recent events prompt a glib question : are most terrorists incompetent ?
Richard Reid failed to ignite his shoe bomb in 2001 .
Last year , Najibullah Zazi was nabbed with two others for plotting to set off suicide bombs in the New York City subway .
Zazi , who had received training in an al Qaeda camp in Waziristan , aroused suspicions in part by buying large amounts of hydrogen peroxide and acetone products from beauty supply stores in the Denver area .
Federal agents were on his trail before he was close to mounting the operation and arrested him .
At the end of last year , five Northern Virginia men were arrested in Pakistan and charged with plotting to attack a Pakistani nuclear plant , an air base in Afghanistan , and US targets .
They were caught partly because after they left the United States without telling their parents , an American - Islamic group placed their families in contact with the FBI and that led to an international missing persons case .
Shahzad seems to fit into a line of losers .
Does that mean anything ?
I asked a few terrorism experts to comment on what seems to be a trend of inept terrorists .
Is a dumb terrorist the norm ?
And are their mistakes the result of the pressure placed upon terrorist outfits by US government actions ?
Referring to the Christmas Day would - be bomber and the failed Times Square attack , Bruce Hoffman , a Georgetown University professor who has studied terrorism and insurgency for more than three decades , says in an email ,
Both plots were rushed and and perhaps fall into the “ opportunism ” category rather than 9/11 .
A returning American citizen presents an opportunity to a [ terrorism ] group that very hastily tries to prep him / them .
Or the individual returns and is inspired to do something / anything no matter half - baked with his mates .
[ Anwar ] al - Awlaki [ the radical imam in Yemen ] hits pay dirt with the radicalization of Abdulmuttalab , and they rush [ that operation ] to coincide with Xmas Day .
Being rushed , though , may indeed also be a reflection of our success .
Neil Livingstone , the CEO of Executive Action , which bills itself as a “ private CIA , ” notes that it ’s not easy to mount these sorts of attacks :
Building bombs and incendiaries is a difficult task , especially with respect to the detonator .
In other words , how do you make a complex device go off all at once ?
We ’ve tried to blow up vehicles where the detonator went off but the explosive did not .
That said , it does n’t seem that either of the last two would - be bombers was very well trained .
In the case of the Times Square plot , the device was an incendiary , not a bomb .
Thus , it would have had a loud explosion , which would have shattered windows throughout Times Square , with shards of glass falling on the people below , but it would not have cut down hundreds , as it would have if it had been a bomb with lots of shrapnel .
Also , you need to remember we ’re dealing with the Pakistani Taliban and not al Qaeda , which has much more experience conducting foreign operations far from their bases of activity .
But Livingstone adds that the Pakistani Taliban — presuming they were indeed behind the failed New York City attack — ” will get better and learn from their mistakes , and it ’s probably only a matter of time before they get one of these attacks right . ”
Paul Pillar , who spent nearly 30 years in the CIA , including a stint as National Intelligence Officer for the Near East and South Asia , cautions not to draw too much from these recent failures :
Although there is some validity to the idea that the more pressure a terrorist group is under the less likely it can pull off a sophisticated and well - executed operation , and thus to the corollary that a pressured group is less likely to be using sophisticated operatives , I would be cautious for three reasons about running very far with this idea : First , terrorists , like the population as a whole , run the gamut from dumb to very smart .
Any generalizations about this particular dimension are thus apt to be hazardous .
Second ,
It is hazardous to extrapolate a larger trend from a couple of incidents that happen to be recent .
The next couple of incidents could be much different .
Third and most fundamentally , terrorist operations are not like , say , college admissions , where a school has a fixed number of slots , it fills those slots with the smartest applicants , and thus if the school ’s recruitment efforts are lousy and do not yield a large and high - quality applicant pool , the pool of admitted students is not likely to be of high quality either .
Terrorist groups do not have a fixed program of operations and then try to find the most capable people to conduct them .
Several of the most recent incidents and people ( such as [ alleged Ft. Hood shooter Nidal ] Hasan , Zasi , the Northern Virginia five ) show most of the initiative coming from the individual volunteer .
Terrorist groups are presented with targets of opportunity in which the target consists both of the operation and the volunteer who would carry it out .
In other words , terrorist outfits organize two types of operations : those they meticulously plan and to which they devote their best resources , and those they take a flyer on .
The recent miscues have been the latter .
And those are likely to continue — with the possibility of success .
What ’s perhaps harder to know is whether al Qaeda is in the position to mount the more serious and extensive operations , which demand competent , intelligent , and well - trained operatives .
Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director , says that the Obama ’s administration approach to terrorism has caused al Qaeda and other extremist groups to resort to not - so - well - organized operations .
By emphasizing “ law enforcement cooperation instead of brute military force , ” Fuentes maintains , Obama has enhanced international counterterrorism cooperation “ significantly ” — and that has made it tougher for the senior leaders of al Qaeda and other like - minded outfits to operate .
“ But , ” he adds , “ it ’s going to be very difficult to prevent an individual or small group from taking personal initiative . ”
Even if these people are not so bright .
From obstetrician and public health expert Malcolm Potts , responding to readers in the ongoing population forum :
Nearly all the fragile states such as Yemen ( average number of children 6.2 ) , Somalia ( 6.8 children ) , and the oxymoronic named Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 6.7 ) have rapid rates of population growth .
( North Korea , with its mad despotic ruler is an exception proving the rule ) .
Consider the Congo with 63 million people today and perhaps 186 million in 2050 .
Since World War II , there have been more deaths in the Congo from violence than anywhere else on earth .
Yet the intentional community is doing almost nothing to help slow population growth in a voluntary way .
I am on the board of Population Services International and we sell contraceptives at a subsidized prices in many countries , including the Congo .
But we cannot keep up with demand because of shortages of contraceptives .
The United Nations Population Fund and other agencies and donors interested in family planning and population growth should stop having so many staff going to innumerable meetings and start buying more contraceptives .
Family planning is about commonsense , but common sense is a rare commodity when it comes to anything to do with sex and reproduction .
A San Francisco band called Monarchs hired three Latino day laborers to pose as the band members in a music video for their song “ Mexicans . ”
Both the video and the song pay tribute to the hard work of the immigrant community in the face of a largely ungrateful America .
In an interview with the Phoenix New Times , one of the band members explained the lyrics as such :
The chorus of the song goes : “ Braceros , you ’re the future now / Everyone says , no one knows what town . ”
This references the Bracero program , where hundreds of thousands of Mexicans were brought here during World War II to fill a shortage of manual labor ( primarily in West Texas ) .
By the 60’s , the program was shuttered , but the idea of hiring cheap farm labor from Mexico had already been established .
So fast forward to now , and the literal and figurative descendants of these Braceros are no longer just a group to be exploited .
Their numbers are so great , their imprint so established , that they are , by any metric , the future of our country .
Everybody kind - of knows this already , and so a lot of people ’s response is to look at the issue and say , “ not in my town . ”
But the truth is , if you look around , they are already pretty much in everybody ’s town .
The end of the song repeats the phrase “ 14 Mexicans in a van . ”
This phrase has proven somewhat controversial when we play the song live , but it ’s really just telling it like it is .
Every day you have all these people coming up from Latin America , using every bit of money they have for the privelege of crowding into a van or whatever , risking all kinds of calamity just to come here and work some difficult job .
That ’s heroic when you think about it .
It should make people feel like John Wayne in some WW2 movie : “ that ’s the kind of man I ’d like to have in my regiment . ”
But instead , our xenophobia gets in the way and we try to build electrified fences and legalize racial profiling to keep these relentlessly hard - working , self - made people out !
What a world .
Merida , May 2nd , 2010 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) – Venezuelans marched yesterday to celebrate the International Day of Workers .
President Hugo Chavez also implemented a 15 % wage increase , and the government broadened social security entitlements .
The main national march was in the capital Caracas , where people chanted , danced , waved placards and banners and played music as they marched towards the presidential palace Miraflores .
While there were no official or police estimates , various participants in the march told Venezuelanalysis they estimated that " hundreds of thousands " of people turned out , celebrating the achievements of the Bolivarian revolution and its promotion of wage increases , better working conditions and better life conditions for the poor majority .
A range of union and worker representatives addressed the crowd from the main stage and 7,000 police and guards looked after the march .
There were also smaller rallies and various cultural events and public meetings around the country .
RNV reported , for example , that “ hundreds of workers ” mobilised in the municipality of San Francisco in Zulia state , and ABN reported a large march in Merida city , where the governor of Merida state and the state leader of Unete , Venezuela ’s main umbrella trade union organisation , addressed the crowd .
And in Carabobo state , ABN reported a small “ caminata ” or car parade marked the day .
The opposition on May Day
The opposition , through the CTV ( Confederation of Venezuelan Workers ) also organised a protest on 1 May .
By 12.30 however only around 200 people had turned up .
They held placards with slogans against “ importing communism from Cuba ” and saying “ We do n’t want a military dictatorship . ”
The secretary general of the CTV , Manuel Cova , demanded a general 40 % increase in salaries .
The CTV was Venezuela ’s old trade union umbrella organisation or labour federation , but when it participated in the 2002 coup against Chavez , and the oil industry shutdown in 2002 - 3 the Chavez supporters formed the UNT , now called Unete , which now has around 80 % of Venezuela ’s trade unions affiliated to it .
Opposition media in Venezuela boycotted or minimalised any coverage of the large Caracas demonstration .
El Universal tried to create a sense of chaos with its headline “ Closure of Avenues Urdaneta and Libertador collapse the city ” and in general opposition press gave ample coverage to the opposition CTV protest and brief coverage to the large pro-government concentration .
For example , El Nacional ’s article on the pro-government mobilisation was half the size of its CTV article and headlined , “ Chavez did n’t attend government mobilisation for 1 May ” .
Wage increases
During a ceremony on Friday in Caracas where Chavez handed out 266 “ Orders of Merit ” to electricity , rural , social service and construction workers , he also announced that the government would advance a previously declared wage increase of 15 % that was due to come into effect on 1 September , to 1 May .
On 23 February the government increased the minimum wage by 25 % , to be paid in two parts , 10 % from 1 March and the remaining 15 % from 1 September .
With the 15 % moved forward to 1 May , the minimum wage is now BsF 1,223.89 ( US $ 284.62 ) .
The minimum wage is also used to calculate other salaries , for example some teachers receive three times the minimum wage , as well as being the amount received by pensioners .
Chavez said the wage increase overall means an additional BsF 10 billion ( $ US 2.3 billion ) in spending for the government .
Further , he announced a 40 % wage increase for doctors of the Venezuelan Institute of Social Security ( IVSS ) , the same amount he announced on 10 March for doctors working for the ministry of health and which also came into effect on 1 May .
More people will also be eligible for social security .
Previously , widows received a 40 % pension , but with the recent modification of the social security law , as of 1 May , they will be entitled to a full pension , or where there are multiple “ survivors ” of the deceased , such as wives and ex wives with children , the pension will be divided among them .
According to Radiomundial , 1.45 million people are currently receiving pensions from IVSS , an increase of 300 % from 1998 , before the Chavez government .
The IVSS will also now provide special pensions to over 20,000 retired rural workers and fishers .
“ The [ rural workers and fishers ] work their whole life and in many cases they are exploited , and no one ever thought about them when they arrived at old age , ” Chavez said .
Chavez concluded by calling on the Venezuelan working class to take on a broader vision where they do n’t just struggle for basic workplace demands but also for the development of a new society .
“ Congratulations on your day ... this century is your day , the century of revolution , of socialism , with class - consciousness and commitment to the struggle against capitalism , ” he said .
Months after clearing the Democratic race for governor of any serious opponents , Attorney General Jerry Brown held his first official public campaign event Monday - slamming Republican gubernatorial rivals Meg Whitman and Steve Poizner as " the apostles of darkness and ignorance " and calling their expensive barrage of mudslinging " intellectually embarrassing " to California voters .
" They are so banal , " Democrat Brown told about 200 students and others at a rally at UC Santa Barbara , referring to the millions of dollars that Whitman , the former eBay CEO , and Poizner , the state insurance commissioner , have spent on attack ads in a primary battle that some polls suggest is a dead heat with three weeks until the June 8 election .
" If you know how to write and think , " Brown said , " look at those ads , and do the exact opposite . "
He added : " The apostles of darkness and ignorance are well - heeled , and they have great political consultants . "
Brown told the students , who like students at other UC campuses are feeling the strain of a 32 percent hike in tuition between last fall and this fall , that the GOP candidates ' expensive campaigns raise the question : " What could we have done with $ 100 million on this campus ? "
No notes , no entourage
Monday 's event , where Brown spoke without notes and was not accompanied by an entourage , underscored the contrasts between his low - key campaign and the big- spending efforts of the two GOP candidates .
Whitman has put $ 64 million of her own money into her campaign to date , while Poizner has spent $ 21 million from his own fortune .
Brown has spent less than $ 1 million .
Brown 's star appearance at Monday 's rally marked a day of campaign outreach to Obama - generation voters in Southern California , where he was scheduled to attend a high - profile fundraiser in Los Angeles - one of three there in two days - for Generation for Change , a politically active group of young professionals .
The former two - term governor , three - time presidential candidate and mayor of Oakland lambasted the tuition hikes as a short - sighted mistake , saying " we 've got to fight fee increases , " calling them " a mortgage on your future . "
Brown also called for protecting the coast against offshore oil drilling , saying the potential environmental damage was not worth the estimated $ 100 million in annual revenue that could be reaped .
He told students he would not sugarcoat the state 's $ 20 billion budget deficit .
" This thing took years to screw up , and I 'm not going to unscrew it overnight . "
Regarding the furloughs of state workers , who enjoy the support of powerful labor unions , Brown said : " I 'm not going to give you pie in the sky ; there 's no particular money tree here . "
But he added that " those with the biggest belts " should tighten them .
Avoided a primary
Brown sidestepped a Democratic primary battle after San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom dropped from the race in October , but he has also escaped the attention of young voters who were n't born when he began the first of two terms as California 's governor in 1975 .
" Jerry Brown ?
I do n't know anything about him , " said Nathan Koveie , 19 , a pre-biology major at UC Santa Barbara who said he is among the 20 percent of state voters who has registered " decline to state " for the coming election .
Koveie , a Los Angeles resident , said he is well aware of Whitman and Poizner - who are on air in Southern California in a virtual nonstop barrage - and was leaning toward voting Republican in the coming primary .
" I want us to get out of our deficit , " he said .
" It 's getting more and more expensive to go here , and a lot of my friends had to go back to community college because they could n't afford it . "
Older voters also showed up at the rally , including campground manager Joanne McGarry , 53 , an independent voter who remembered Brown 's first administration .
" I 'm not just waxing nostalgic .
I 'm hoping for the future , " she said , adding that she was turned off by the expensive efforts on the GOP side .
" I do n't like how money talks .
I like to be influenced by ideas , not dollars and cents . "
Republicans complain that attacks by union - backed groups supporting Brown 's campaign have gone virtually unchallenged .
Mike Murphy , Whitman 's chief strategist , said Brown 's campaign is " devoid of any issue messages " because the Democrat does n't want to risk alienating his union followers on issues such as pension reform .
But Democratic pollster Ben Tulchin said Brown 's strategy to conserve his funding for the general election battle is smart .
" He 's watching the Republicans beating each other up , " Tulchin said .
" What 's that old saying ?
' Do n't get into the middle of a murder - suicide . ' "
Some young Democrats say Brown , 72 , who would be the nation 's oldest governor if elected to a third term , could come off as a fresh face after the torrent of ads in the GOP primary season .
" I do n't even watch television - and my television turns on by itself sometimes , and there 's Meg Whitman , " joked Eli Dansky , an organizer of the Generation for Change event at the W Hotel in Hollywood .
Harroon Salleem , a co-founder of the group , said Brown has showed he can " engage this younger demographic that is aware of him , and is still frustrated by some of the repercussions of the economic state of California . "
Cliff Maynard is a 38 year old male artist from Pittsburgh , United States .
He is a maestro in Chronic Art , or — to be more specific — Roach Paper Art.
Unusual but true , he uses unrolled roaches for his designs .
His work is very original because his concept is unique and he has experimented with portraits from Jesus Christ to Bob Marley .
The result is truly remarkable .
Maybe that ’s the reason why his art work always seizes attention .
You can find more information about the artist and his work on Cliff Maynard ’s website .
Roach Paper Art
Bob Marley
Jimi Hendrix
Creation
Seattle Hempfest
Jack Herer … … The Hemperor
Cheech & Chong
Jesus Christ
Jim Morrison
Fossil
Jerry Garcia
Addiction
John Lennon
Snoop Dog
Method Man
Sacred Heart
Sativa
All images presented in this post were given permission to be published by the artist himself .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran made an apparent concession over its nuclear program , but big powers expressed skepticism and analysts said the move seemed intended to split the international community and avert planned new U.N. sanctions .
Tehran agreed with Brazil and Turkey on Monday to send some of its uranium abroad , reviving a fuel swap plan drafted by the U.N. with the aim of keeping its nuclear work in check .
But Iran made clear it had no intention of suspending domestic enrichment the West suspects is aimed at making bombs .
“ There is no relation between the swap deal and our enrichment activities , ” Ali Akbar Salehi , head of Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organization , told Reuters .
He told Iranian television the deal was a move toward nuclear cooperation and “ stopping sanctions . ”
Iran launched work to enrich uranium to a 20 percent level in February .
Further enrichment would be needed to make weapons .
The White House said Iran must take steps to prove its nuclear program was for exclusively peaceful purposes .
“ Given Iran ’s repeated failure to live up to its own commitments ... the United States and international community continue to have serious concerns , ” a spokesman said .
“ I think we are making steady progress on a sanctions resolution . ”
A State Department spokesman said the United States would “ engage Iran anywhere , anytime , provided Iran is prepared to address the international community ’s concerns about its nuclear program , ” but would continue to pursue new sanctions .
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu called the fuel swap deal a “ historic turning point . ”
“ My expectation is that after this declaration there will not be a need for sanctions , ” Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan said , echoing a statement by Brazil .
The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , which would oversee the nuclear material under the plan , said it had seen the declaration and was waiting for Iran to agree to the “ relevant provisions ” in writing .
DELAYING TACTIC ?
Britain said work on a new U.N. sanctions resolution must go on .
Iran ’s move “ may just be a delaying tactic , ” said Foreign Secretary William Hague .
France said the deal would not resolve core concerns .
“ Let us not deceive ourselves , a solution to the ( fuel ) question , if it happens , would do nothing to settle the problem posed by the Iranian nuclear program , ” French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero said in a statement .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev expressed similar concern .
“ One question is : will Iran itself enrich uranium ?
As far as I understand from officials of that state , such work will be continued .
In this case ... those concerns that the international community had before could remain , ” Medvedev said .
Medvedev spoke by phone to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva later and “ positively assessed joint efforts by Brazil and Turkey to promote a political and diplomatic solution to the Iranian nuclear problem , ” a Krelin statement said .
“ After this , we need to decide what to do :
Are those proposals sufficient or is something else needed ?
So I think a small pause on this problem would not do any harm , ” he said .
Washington has been leading a push to impose new sanctions , and especially to win the backing of permanent U.N. Security Council members Russia and China .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Analysts say Monday ’s agreement may allow Tehran to stave off a fourth round of sanctions and help the leadership reassert its authority after months of anti-government unrest that followed a disputed presidential election last June .
A European Commission spokesman said the deal might be a step in the right direction , but details needed to be seen .
AHMADINEJAD CALLS FOR MORE TALKS
Lula , Erdogan and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad clinched the agreement after hours of talks in Tehran , Iranian state media reported .
Turkey and Brazil are both non-permanent members of the U.N. Security Council .
Iran said it had agreed to transfer 1,200 kg ( 2,646 lb ) of its low - enriched uranium ( LEU ) to Turkey within a month and in return receive , within a year , 120 kg of 20 percent - enriched uranium for use in a medical research reactor .
Iran , which says its atomic program is purely for peaceful purposes , had earlier insisted any such transfers must take place simultaneously and on its territory .
“ Iran expressed its readiness to deposit its LEU within one month .
On the basis of the same agreement the Vienna Group should deliver 120 kg fuel required for Tehran research reactor in no later than one year , ” a joint declaration said .
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Iran ’s LEU would be under the supervision of the Vienna - based IAEA in Turkey .
The IAEA would be notified within a week about the swap deal , he said .
Ahmadinejad called on the five permanent Security Council members -- the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain -- and Germany to open new negotiations with his country .
“ They should welcome the major event that took place in Tehran and distance themselves from the atmosphere of pressure and sanctions to create an opportunity for interaction and cooperation with Iran , ” he said .
Western diplomats say Iran is trying to give the impression that the fuel deal is at the center of problems with the West , rather than its nuclear ambitions as a whole .
They also said removing from Iran 1,200 kg of LEU -- enough , if highly enriched , to make a nuclear weapon -- was less significant now than when it was first proposed because in the months of wrangling over the original IAEA swap deal , Iran ’s low - enriched uranium stockpile has almost doubled .
World 's Largest English Language News Service with Over 500 Articles Updated Daily
" The News You Need Today … For The World You ’ll Live In Tomorrow . "
What You Are n’t Being Told About The World You Live In
“ Dirty , Filthy , Christians ” : Treatise On The Most Dangerous Death Cult In Human History
An unprecedented work detailing the agenda behind the greatest deception ever foisted upon humanity .
( Continued )
Battle Begins For Throne of This World : The Return of the Einherjar Warriors
By : Sorcha Faal
“ The truest accounting of our World ’s present state of Global Chaos , the ‘ whys ’ and ‘ how ’s ’ are presented in this epic history of what has been kept hidden from humanity .
( Continued )
Picking up the Pieces : Practical Guide for Surviving Economic Crashes , Internal Unrest and Military Suppression By : Sorcha Faal
“ In the span of less than 3 months gasoline prices will rise 500 % .
The prices of both food and shelter rise over 300 % .
( Continued )
The True Knowledge of The Three Minds : When The Three Become One By : Sorcha Faal “ With knowledge obtained from the most ancient of texts , including the Gospel of Mary Magdalene , join Sorcha Faal on one of the most incredible and important journeys into the truest knowledge of human beings .
( Continued )
Partisans Handbook : By : Sorcha Faal “ Essential Survival Guide For Resisting Foreign Military Occupation , Escape And Evasion Techniques , Surviving Interrogation , Facing Execution , Wilderness Survival ( Continued )
Code Red : The Coming Destruction Of The United States Limited release of the perhaps one of the most prophetic books of our time relating to the underlying causes , and history , of the downfall of America ( Continued )
Special Offer : The Great Famine Of 2009 - 2012
Special Offer : Death Star Pandemic of 2009 - 2012 : End of Age Begins
Special Offer : Exploration Of The Third Way
May 1 , 2010
US Orders Blackout Over North Korean Torpedoing Of Gulf Of Mexico Oil Rig
By : Sorcha Faal , and as reported to her Western Subscribers
A grim report circulating in the Kremlin today written by Russia ’s Northern Fleet is reporting that the United States has ordered a complete media blackout over North Korea ’s torpedoing of the giant Deepwater Horizon oil platform owned by the World ’s largest offshore drilling contractor Transocean that was built and financed by South Korea ’s Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Ltd. , that has caused great loss of life , untold billions in economic damage to the South Korean economy , and an environmental catastrophe to the United States .
Most important to understand about this latest attack by North Korea against its South Korean enemy is that under the existing “ laws of war ” it was a permissible action as they remain in a state of war against each other due to South Korea ’s refusal to sign the 1953 Armistice ending the Korean War .
To the attack itself , these reports continue , the North Korean “ cargo vessel ” Dai Hong Dan believed to be staffed by 17th Sniper Corps “ suicide ” troops left Cuba ’s Empresa Terminales Mambisas de La Habana ( Port of Havana ) on April 18th whereupon it “ severely deviated ” from its intended course for Venezuela ’s Puerto Cabello bringing it to within 209 kilometers ( 130 miles ) of the Deepwater Horizon oil platform which was located 80 kilometers ( 50 miles ) off the coast of the US State of Louisiana where it launched an SSC Sang -o Class Mini Submarine ( Yugo class ) estimated to have an operational range of 321 kilometers ( 200 miles ) .
On the night of April 20th the North Korean Mini Submarine manned by these “ suicidal ” 17th Sniper Corps soldiers attacked the Deepwater Horizon with what are believed to be 2 incendiary torpedoes causing a massive explosion and resulting in 11 workers on this giant oil rig being killed outright .
Barely 48 hours later , on April 22nd , this North Korean Mini Submarine committed its final atrocity by exploding itself directly beneath the Deepwater Horizon causing this $ 1 Billion oil rig to sink beneath the seas and marking 2010 ’s celebration of Earth Day with one of the largest environmental catastrophes our World has ever seen .
To the reason for North Korea attacking the Deepwater Horizon , these reports say , was to present US President Obama with an “ impossible dilemma ” prior to the opening of the United Nations Review Conference of the Parties to the Treat on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) set to begin May 3rd in New York .
This “ impossible dilemma ” facing Obama is indeed real as the decision he is faced with is either to allow the continuation of this massive oil leak catastrophe to continue for months , or immediately stop it by the only known and proven means possible , the detonation of a thermonuclear device .
Russian Navy atomic experts in these reports state that should Obama choose the “ nuclear option ” the most viable weapon at his disposal is the United States B83 ( Mk - 83 ) strategic thermonuclear bomb having a variable yield ( Low Kiloton Range to 1,200 Kilotons ) which with its 12 foot length and 18 inch diameter , and weighing just over 2,400 pounds , is readily able to be deployed and detonated by a remote controlled mini-sub .
Should Obama choose the “ nuclear option ” it appears that he would be supported by the International Court of Justice who on July 8 , 1996 issued an advisory opinion on the use of nuclear weapons stating that they could not conclude definitively on these weapons use in “ extreme circumstances ” or “ self defense ” .
On the other hand , if Obama chooses the “ nuclear option ” it would leave the UN ’s nuclear conference in shambles with every Nation in the World having oil rigs off their coasts demanding an equal right to atomic weapons to protect their environment from catastrophes too , including Iran .
To whatever decision Obama makes it remains a fact that with each passing hour this environmental catastrophe grows worse .
And even though Obama has ordered military SWAT teams to protect other oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico from any further attack , and further ordered that all drilling in the Gulf of Mexico be immediately stopped , this massive oil spill has already reached the shores of America and with high waves and more bad weather forecast the likelihood of it being stopped from destroying thousands of miles of US coastland and wildlife appears unstoppable .
And not just to the environmental catastrophe that is unfolding the only devastation to be wrecked upon the United States and South Korea by this North Korean attack as the economic liabilities associated with this disaster are estimated by these Russian reports to be between $ 500 Billion to $ 1.5 Trillion , and which only a declaration of this disaster being an “ act of war ” would free some the World ’s largest corporations from bankruptcy .
Important to note too in all of these events was that this was the second attack by North Korea on its South Korean enemy , and US ally , in a month as we had reported on in our March 28th report titled “ Obama Orders ‘ Immediate Stand - down ’ After Deadly North Korean Attack ” and which to date neither the Americans or South Korea have retaliated for and giving one senior North Korean party leader the courage to openly state that the North Korean military took “ gratifying revenge ” on South Korea .
And for those believing that things could n’t get worse , they could n’t be more mistaken as new reports coming from Japanese military sources are stating that North Korea is preparing for new launches of its 1,300 kilometer ( 807 miles ) intermediate range ballistic “ Rodong ” missile which Russian Space Forces experts state is able to “ deploy and detonate ” an atomic electromagnetic pulse ( EMP ) device , and which if detonated high in the atmosphere could effectively destroy the American economy for years , if not decades , to come .
© May 1 , 2010 EU and US all rights reserved
[ Ed . Note : Western governments and their intelligence services actively campaign against the information found in these reports so as not to alarm their citizens about the many catastrophic Earth changes and events to come , a stance that the Sisters of Sorcha Faal strongly disagrees with in believing that it is every human beings right to know the truth .
Due to our missions conflicts with that of those governments , the responses of their ‘ agents ’ against us has been a longstanding misinformation / misdirection campaign designed to discredit and which is addressed in the report “ Who Is Sorcha Faal ? ” . ]
Do n't Question ... Just Obey
More Sorcha Faal Reports
Return To Main Page
China supplies most of the rare earth minerals found in technologies such as hybrid cars , wind turbines , computer hard drives and cell phones , but the U.S. has its own largely untapped reserves that could safeguard future tech innovation .
Those reserves include deposits of both " light " and " heavy " rare earths — families of minerals that help make everything from TV displays to magnets in hybrid electric motors .
A company called U.S. Rare Earths holds the only known U.S. deposit of heavy rare earths with a concentration worth mining , according to a recent report by the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) .
Light rare earths include the minerals ranging from lanthanum to gadolinium on the periodic table of elements , while heavy rare earths range from terbium to lutetium .
Averting disaster
If developed , such deposits could help the U.S. avoid a possibly crippling rare earth shortage in the next decade .
China has warned that its own industrial demands could compel it to stop exporting rare earths within the next five or 10 years .
" There is already a shortage , because there are companies that already can't get enough material , " said Jim Hedrick , a former USGS rare earth specialist who recently retired .
" No one 's trying to expand their use of rare earths because they know there 's not more available . "
U.S. Rare Earths practically stumbled upon its first rare earth deposit at Lehmi Pass , on the border between Idaho and Montana , about 15 years ago .
The company founders coveted the area 's reserves of thorium — an alternative nuclear fuel — and took little interest in the rare earths that were only used , at the time , in lighter flints and tracer bullets for the military .
Their view changed over the years as rare earths became practically irreplaceable in high - tech products used by millions of people today .
The company only recently changed its name to U.S. Rare Earths after staking out another deposit at Diamond Creek , Idaho .
" The fact is , the Diamond Creek property is today , the most accessible , undeveloped rare earth resource with significant [ heavy rare earths ] that there is in North America , " said Jack Lifton , an independent consultant who works with U.S. Rare Earths .
Recent USGS figures estimate that the U.S. holds rare earth ore reserves of up to 13 million metric tons .
By contrast , the entire world produced just 124,000 metric tons in 2009 — but it would take both time and money for the U.S. to become self - sufficient in producing rare earths .
Deposits near civilization
The Diamond Creek location has the added advantages of being in mining - friendly Idaho and having access to nearby highways and power lines — factors that would make opening a mine much easier .
" We have power , light and roads , so we 're not in the middle of the wilderness , " said Ed Cowle , CEO of U.S. Rare Earths .
Cowle hopes to attract enough funding over the next six months to do some exploratory drilling at his company 's deposits .
He also pointed to growing interest from national legislators in prodding the federal government to take action .
" Many times opening a mine takes a certain period of time , but if there 's a strategic need for material from government , that time period can be lessened , " Cowle told TechNewsDaily .
" We 're hopeful of that because of the nature of what 's in the ground . "
An expensive proposition
Another company , Molycorp Minerals , has already begun processing " light " rare earths , such as lanthanum and neodymium , from a stockpile it accumulated at its mine in Mountain Pass , California .
But it still has to ship its rare earths to China for final processing , because only China currently has the equipment needed for the job .
" No one [ in the U.S. ] wants to be first to jump into the market because of the cost of building a separation plant , " Hedrick explained .
The former USGS specialist said that such a plant requires thousands of stainless steel tanks holding different chemical solutions to separate out all the individual rare earths .
The upfront costs seem daunting .
Hedrick estimated that opening just one mine and building a new separation plant might cost anywhere from $ 500 million to $ 1 billion and would require a minimum of eight years .
Lifton has also suggested that many U.S. companies have not jumped into the market because China 's state - owned mines keep rare earth prices artificially low .
But if U.S. companies do not begin mining American rare earth deposits soon , they may be left scrambling if China does one day stop exporting rare earths .
But Cowle , the CEO of U.S. Rare Earths , seems hopeful that momentum has already begun building for the U.S. government to encourage development of its own rare earth deposits .
" From what I see , security of supply is going to be more important than the prices , " Cowle said .
← Sidebar
A lot of urban families in Russia have so called dachas – the small parcels of personal land located near the city .
Dachas are the places of resting and growing some vegetables , berries , fruits .
And here are the picturesque pictures captured at one of such dachas .
All the photos are clickable .
Tags : Russian dacha
<< Tyumen oblast page was updated
Tver oblast page was updated >>
Pin 0 Shares
Yesterday I wrote about retirement accounts , and talked about which ones are better for different situations .
Today I want to talk about another issue that 's been getting a lot of press lately , the 2010 Roth IRA conversion .
In the event you 've been living under a rock and have n't heard about the Roth IRA conversion event this year , it is basically a one time event where people can convert their traditional IRA ’s , SEP IRA ’s , Simple IRA ’s , old 401 k ’s , old 403 b ’s into a tax free Roth IRA account .
Because of the conversion event , waves of people are expected to take advantage this year and convert their traditional taxable investment accounts into tax free Roth IRA accounts .
Here are the details .
Continues after Advertisement
Should I Convert My Traditional IRA To A Roth IRA ?
The first thing you need to ask yourself before you even start going down this road of converting your taxable retirement accounts is whether or not it 's even a good idea for you in your situation .
A lot of people hve explained the benefits or a Roth IRA conversion , while others are saying that the conversion event has been overhyped .
Cynics might say it 's just a way for our government to collect on future tax money today – at a higher rate than most people would have paid in retirement .
Regardless of whether that 's the case , there are some things you should consider :
Pay taxes now or later ?
Do you want to pay your taxes on the money you invest now , or when you retire ?
The amount of tax you pay can very quite a bit depending upon what tax bracket you fall into either now vs. when you retire .
Problem with this – it's hard to know the future and know what tax rate you 'll be paying in the future – and whether taxes will increase .
( Where 's my crystal ball when I need it ? )
?
Do you want to pay your taxes on the money you invest now , or when you retire ?
The amount of tax you pay can very quite a bit depending upon what tax bracket you fall into either now vs. when you retire .
Problem with this – it's hard to know the future and know what tax rate you 'll be paying in the future – and whether taxes will increase .
( Where 's my crystal ball when I need it ? )
Is my income too high to contribute or convert to a Roth IRA in the future ?
If you 're a high income earner and you you want to do a bit of tax diversification , this year may be one of your few chances to convert your traditional taxable account to a Roth because of income restrictions .
If you 're a high income earner and you you want to do a bit of tax diversification , this year may be one of your few chances to convert your traditional taxable account to a Roth because of income restrictions .
Do I want to spread out my tax liability from converting ?
As part of the conversion event people who convert will be able to spread out their tax liability over 2011 and 2012 .
More time to pay your taxes !
Reasons To Take Advantage Of The 2010 Roth IRA Conversion
Here are a few benefits of converting your taxable retiremenet account to a Roth IRA this year
AGI limit of $ 100,000 – rule removed :
Previously singles and married couples making less than $ 100,000 were the only ones able to convert their taxable accounts to a Roth IRA .
2010 is big for so many because the $ 100,000 MAGI rule is lifted , making a conversion possible for even higher earning singles and couples .
: Previously singles and married couples making less than $ 100,000 were the only ones able to convert their taxable accounts to a Roth IRA .
2010 is big for so many because the $ 100,000 MAGI rule is lifted , making a conversion possible for even higher earning singles and couples .
Tax payments can be spread out :
You 'll convert to the Roth IRA in 2010 , but the income to be claimed on your taxes and taxes owed can be deferred until 2011 and 2012 .
Converters can claim 50 % of the conversion amount as income in 2011 and the other 50 % in 2012 .
Remember , this is a one year provision for the 2010 tax year only .
: You 'll convert to the Roth IRA in 2010 , but the income to be claimed on your taxes and taxes owed can be deferred until 2011 and 2012 .
Converters can claim 50 % of the conversion amount as income in 2011 and the other 50 % in 2012 .
Remember , this is a one year provision for the 2010 tax year only .
Old 401 ks can be converted directly to a Roth IRA : Have an old 401 k from an old job ?
You can convert those this year as well .
: Have an old 401 k from an old job ?
You can convert those this year as well .
Your assets grow tax free , and tax free withdrawals : Converting means the money will grow free of tax burdens , and you wo n’t have to have a minimum distribution requirement until you turn 70 1/2 .
Contribution Income Limitations : Still There For New Roth IRA Contributions
One thing to remember about the Roth IRA conversion event is that just because high income earners can convert their taxable accounts , it does n't mean they can also open and add new contributions to a new Roth IRA .
If their income is over the IRA contribution phase out limits , they wo n’t be able to make new contributions to a Roth IRA .
How To Convert To A Roth IRA
Converting your taxable account to a Roth IRA will be alot like rolling over an old 401 k to a Rollover IRA .
If you ’re not changing the investment company that your funds are with , it could be as easy as filling out a form .
The key is to contact a financial professional who can give you advice for your specific situation .
Are you considering whether to rollover a traditional taxable account to a Roth IRA ?
Will you be deferring on the taxable income until 2011 and 2012 ?
Have you decided not to convert ?
Tell us why in the comments !
Pin 0 Shares
An explanation from a conservative for Palin .
One small concession : yes , I fear her .
I have always feared her .
I make no apologies for fearing her and what she represents .
I believe that if you are not afraid , you are not watching or listening .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) - Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva vowed on Saturday to stop protesters from toppling his government as fighting in Bangkok spiraled into chaotic urban warfare , with both sides calling for reinforcements .
Soldiers fired live rounds at demonstrators who fought back with petrol bombs , rocks and crude homemade rockets in two major areas of the city as the army tried to enforce a security cordon around a sprawling protest encampment in central Bangkok .
“ We will not retreat , ” Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said in a televised statement .
“ We cannot allow the country to be in a condition in which people can establish an armed group to topple the government that they are not happy with . ”
“ Red shirt ” protestors , made up of the rural and urban poor , accuse Vejjajiva and his royalist urban backers of running the southeast Asian country with impunity by meddling in the judicial system and toppling elected governments .
The protestors , who have adopted red as a protest color and broadly support former premier Thaksin Shinawatra , set fire to vehicles and hurled rocks at troops who set up razor wire across deserted roads in the business district and fired back .
A sign at one intersection warned residents not to enter a “ live bullet area . ”
Another at a separate site warned of a “ rubber bullet area . ”
Both were later taken down .
By nightfall , at least 2,000 protesters had massed around an intersection in the working - class Klong Toey district , using a truck as a makeshift stage for protest leaders , in a possible move toward setting up a separate sit -in site .
Residents were asked to show identification to prevent people from joining the crowd .
Red shirt leader Nattawut Saikua told thousands still hunkered down in their main encampment that reinforcements were coming .
“ We have been contacted by leaders in several provinces that they will mobilize to help us pressure the government . ”
Witnesses described the fighting as one - sided , as troops armed with automatic rifles easily dodged projectiles and opened fire .
Soldiers can shoot if protesters come within 36 meters ( 120 ft ) , said army spokesman Sansern Kaewkamnerd , adding more soldiers were needed to establish control .
“ I cannot say how many troops are deployed due to security concerns , but there will be reinforcements to help troops seal the area and step up pressure on protesters , ” he said .
EVACUATION
The Public Health Ministry said at least 24 people had been killed and 179 wounded since fighting began Thursday night with the shooting of a renegade general allied with the protesters .
The toll was expected to rise sharply , as fighting continued in two areas of the city of 15 million people .
Power has been cut in those areas .
Six M - 79 grenades fired at a police housing compound near the encampment on Saturday night wounded at least six people , a police spokesman said .
The U.S. Embassy offered to evacuate families and partners of U.S. government staff based in Bangkok on a voluntary basis , and urged its citizens against any travel to Bangkok .
“ The troops may be making some progress on sealing the area but at a great cost , ” said Thitinan Pongsudhirak , political scientist at Chulalongkorn University , adding rising casualties could weaken Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva .
Slideshow ( 45 images )
“ Is the government successfully dispersing the crowd and progressing toward ending the crisis ?
The answer is no , not so far , and it ’s a long way to go . ”
The army is battling to set up a perimeter around the 3.5 sq-km ( 1.2 sq- mile ) encampment where at least 5,000 people are hunkered down , including women and children , behind barricades made of tires , poles and concrete , topped by razor wire .
The crisis has paralyzed Bangkok , squeezed southeast Asia ’s second - biggest economy , scared off tourists and choked investment in one of Asia ’s most promising emerging markets .
“ My ears are ringing with all the shooting last night , ” said Ratana Veerasawat , a 48 - year - old owner of a hole - in - the - wall grocery store north of the protest encampment where many residents were leaving for safer locations .
Slideshow ( 45 images )
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-Moon expressed concern over “ the rapidly mounting tensions and violence , ” and called for resumption of dialogue between the two sides .
SUPPLIES DWINDLING
Protesters remained defiant , despite evidence that the government ’s strategy of starving them out of their encampment was having an effect .
Supplies of food , water and fuel were starting to run thin as the red shirt delivery trucks were being blocked , said one protest leader , Kwanchai Praipanabut , adding they still had enough to hold out for day .
Some red shirt leaders , including the movement ’s chairman , have n’t been seen for days .
Those at the site wore flak jackets , fearing snipers .
They all face criminal charges .
“ I am not scared , ” said Sanae Promman , a 37 - year - old protester frying vegetables in a wok under a tent at the site .
“ Some of my friends have left because they are scared but many are still here to fight .
We will fight until we die if we must . ”
The fighting is the latest eruption in a five - year crisis between the rural poor and urban working classes , who accuse an “ establishment elite ” -- comprising royalists , big business and military brass -- of colluding to bring down two elected governments .
Those governments were led or backed by Thaksin , who lives abroad to avoid imprisonment on a graft conviction .
The red shirts and their supporters say the politically powerful military influenced a 2008 parliamentary vote , which took place after a pro-Thaksin party was dissolved , to ensure the British - born , Oxford - educated Abhisit rose to power .
Who is J. Michael Springmann ?
Michael Springman on Alex Jones TV : CIA Ordered Visas For 15 of The 19 9/11 Hijackers in Jeddah
ALBUQUERQUE —
As the Arizona Legislature steamed ahead with the most stringent immigration enforcement bill in the country this year , this state ’s House of Representatives was unanimously passing a resolution recognizing the economic benefits of illegal immigrants .
While the Arizona police will check driver ’s licenses and other documents to root out illegal immigrants , New Mexico allows illegal residents to obtain driver ’s licenses as a public safety measure .
And if Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona , a Republican , has become , for now , the public face of tough immigration enforcement , Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico , a Democrat , has told any interviewer who will listen about his effort to “ to integrate immigrants that are here and make them part of society and protect the values of our Hispanic and multiethnic communities . ”
They may sit side by side on the border , they may share historical ties to Mexico ; they may have once even been part of the same territory , but Arizona and New Mexico have grown up like distant siblings .
SHANGHAI — By all accounts , the United States would have been a no - show at the Shanghai Expo had Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton not opened her Rolodex and raised about $ 60 million in private cash to finance a pavilion here .
So it seemed fair that Mrs. Clinton got a rousing cheer from a group of Chinese children when she visited the building on Saturday .
But the house that Hillary built is unmistakably the house that corporate America paid for .
After touring the pavilion — with its Citibank - and Pfizer - sponsored theaters , gauzy eight - minute videos featuring representatives from Chevron , General Electric , and Johnson & Johnson , environmentally friendly features sponsored by Alcoa , and a gift shop with licensed merchandise from Disney — Mrs. Clinton seemed less inspired than relieved that the project was done .
“ It ’s fine , ” she said to a reporter asking her what she thought of the pavilion .
“ Can you imagine if we had not been here ? ”
With its gunmetal - gray walls and convention - center aesthetics , the pavilion hardly stands out in a fairground studded by beguiling structures like Britain ’s Seed Cathedral , a cube with 60,000 sprouting transparent rods that make it look like a dandelion ready to be scattered to the winds .
General surgery is a vast and varied surgical specialty , and general surgeons have to diagnose and treat a full spectrum of diseases .
One of the technologically advanced general surgery transcription companies based in the U.S. , MOS Medical Transcription Services provides general surgery transcription service for hospitals and surgical practices for all sizes .
We are dedicated to helping general surgeons streamline their EHR - documentation tasks with timely and accurate general surgery transcription services .
Our efficient solutions will allow you and your team improve work quality along with benefits such as
More time to focus on your core activities
Increased profitability
Proven reduction in overhead costs
Our Free Trial offer is the best way to evaluate the quality of our medical transcription services .
Efficient Transcription of Varied General Surgery Reports
Our services are HIPAA and AHDI compliant .
We offer a choice of dictation options – digital recorder , toll free number , conference call recording system and smartphone .
Just sent us the recording and we will deliver your transcribed reports in time to meet your requirements .
Your reports will be transcribed by an experienced team knowledgeable about the diseases and operative techniques relating to general surgery and its subspecialties
Our competent team can provided customized medical reports for : General and Vascular Surgery Endocrine Surgery Cardiothoracic Surgery Neurosurgery Obstetrics and Gynecology Ophthalmology Pediatrics Orthopedics Otolaryngology Plastic Surgery Transplants Podiatry Urology
The transcribed reports are cross-checked for accuracy and completeness by our QA team and delivered on time , in the specified format .
Benefits of Choosing MOS Medical Transcription Services
Transcription management software : Manage dictation workflow from audio through transcription using advanced software
Manage dictation workflow from audio through transcription using advanced software 99 % accuracy ensured : Transcription is done using software such as Stedman ’s Electronic Medical Dictionary along with the entire range of Stedman ’s books and American Drug Index
Transcription is done using software such as Stedman ’s Electronic Medical Dictionary along with the entire range of Stedman ’s books and American Drug Index TAT :
Our turnaround time options include standard 24 hour TAT and STAT ( 2 hours , 4 hours or 6 hours ) , and more .
Our turnaround time options include standard 24 hour TAT and STAT ( 2 hours , 4 hours or 6 hours ) , and more .
Great savings :
Our general surgery transcription company provides high quality , affordable documentation solutions priced 30 to 40 % lower than market rates
Our general surgery transcription company provides high quality , affordable documentation solutions priced lower than market rates
Safe file transfer : Data files are transferred through secure options such as browser based drop box , secure FTP
Data files are transferred through secure options such as browser based drop box , secure FTP Integration with EHR :
We can interface transcription reports in HL7 format to any EHR system
We can interface transcription reports in HL7 format to any EHR system
No long - term yearly contracts to sign
If your project requires 24/7 support , we can even provide that .
For more details on our general surgery transcription services , call our toll free number : 1-800-670-2809 .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 May 14
Iguaçu Starry Night
Image Credit & Copyright : Babak Tafreshi ( TWAN )
Explanation :
The arc of the southern Milky Way shone brightly on this starry night .
Captured on May 4 , in the foreground of this gorgeous skyview is the rainforest near the spectacular Iguaçu Falls and national park at the border of Brazil and Argentina .
Looking skyward along the Milky Way 's arc from the left are Alpha and Beta Centauri , the Coalsack , the Southern Cross , and the Carina Nebula .
Sirius , brightest star in planet Earth 's night sky is at the far right .
Brilliant Canopus , second brightest star in the night , and our neighboring galaxies the Large and Small Magellanic clouds , are also included in the scene .
For help finding them , just slide your cursor over the image .
Much closer to home , lights near the center along the horizon are from Argentina 's Iguazú Falls International Airport .
I ’m really not sure why I ’m posting this up .
I guess it ’s because Professor Green is relatively new on the scene , so I ’m giving him a chance before casting my options about him .
But I really do n’t like Lily Allen though .
I thought she had retired , but now she ’s back and thinking that she ’s top of the world following her win of 3 Ivor Novello awards .
In my opinion they have brutalised the sample they have used , Just Be Good To Me by S.O.S.
Band , which is still an absolute classic !
Just be Good To Me was produced by legendary hitmakers Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis , and it just shows you how music has changed so much since the 80s – not always for the better either .
It ’s such a great tune that i’ve included it for you to listen to below , so you can compare and contrast too .
S.O.S. Band - Just Be Good To Me
ytaudio( khj9jyNvhpQ )
Nowadays , many of our mobile devices are USB - based , but those darn wall socket adapters are so easy to lose ( or not have enough of ) .
Thankfully , this fall , you can plug those USB devices straight into the wall with the $ 20 U - Socket .
Advertisement
Most of us tech lovers have no shortage of USB cables in our house , but it seems like there are never enough adapters to go around .
The U - Socket installs into any normal wall outlet ( a little bit of DIY will be required ) and accepts most USB devices , USB 3.0 included , giving them a good 10 watts of power ( meaning you can charge even the iPad at full speed ) .
Plus , it 's Energy Star compliant , and only outputs power through the port if something is actually connected to it , so you do n't spend power and money without getting a full battery out of the deal .
The U - Socket wo n't be available until October due to a last - minute redesign , but its getting so much attention since its appearance at Macworld this year that we recommend checking it out now , and getting in on the nice and cheap $ 20 pre-order action while you can .
Hit the link for more information .
Advertisement
U - Socket [ via TUAW ]
Chapter 15 .
Spetsnaz 's First World War
I was standing on the top of an enormous skyscraper in New York when I saw King Kong .
The huge gorilla surveyed Manhattan triumphantly from a dizzy height .
Of course I knew it was n't real .
But there was something both frightening and symbolic in that huge black figure .
I learnt later that the gorilla was a rubber one , that it had been decided to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the showing of the first film about King Kong by creating a gigantic inflatable model of the beast and placing it high above New York .
The rubber monster was hauled up and swayed about in the wind .
From the technical point of view the operation had been a real triumph by the engineers and workmen who had taken part in it .
But it was not an entire success .
The monster turned out to be too huge , with the result that holes appeared in its body through which the air could escape .
So the gigantic muscular frame quickly collapsed into a shapeless bag .
They had to pump more air into it , but the harder they pumped the bigger the holes became and the quicker the air escaped from the monster .
So they had to keep on pumping ....
The Communist leaders have also created a rubber monster and have hauled it up to a dizzy height .
The monster is known as the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics , and the Soviet leaders are faced with a dilemma : to expand or to decline rapidly and become a flabby sack .
It is interesting to note that the Soviet Union became a superpower in the course of the most destructive war in the history of civilisation , in spite of the fact that it suffered the greatest loss of life and the greatest destruction on its own territory .
It has become a military superpower and perhaps war is essential for its existence .
I do not know how or when World War Three will start .
I do not know exactly how the Soviet high command plans to make use of spetsnaz in that war : the first world war in which spetsnaz will be a major contributor .
I do not wish to predict the future .
In this chapter I shall describe how spetsnaz will be used at the beginning of that war as I imagine it .
It is not my task to describe what will happen .
But I can describe what might happen .
* * *
The last month of peace , as in other wars , has an almost palpable air of crisis about it .
Incidents , accidents , small disasters add to the tension .
Two trains collide on a railway bridge in Cologne because the signalling system is out of order .
The bridge is seriously damaged and there can be no traffic over it for the next two months .
In the port of Rotterdam a Polish supertanker bursts into flames .
Because of an error by the captain the tanker is far too close to the oil storage tanks on the shore , and the burning oil spreads around the harbour .
For two weeks fire brigades summoned from practically the whole country fight an heroic battle with the flames .
The port suffers tremendous losses .
The fire appears to have spread at a quite incredible speed , and some experts are of the opinion that the Polish tanker was not the only cause of the fire , that the fire broke out simultaneously in many places .
In the Panama Canal the Varna , a Bulgarian freighter loaded with heavy containers , rams the lock gates by mistake .
Experts reckoned that the ship should have remained afloat , but for some reason she sinks there and then .
To reopen the canal could well take many months .
The Bulgarian government sends its apologies and declares itself ready to pay for all the work involved .
In Washington , as the President 's helicopter is taking off , several shots are fired at it from sniper 's rifles .
The helicopter is only slightly damaged and the crew succeed in bringing it down again safely .
No one in the craft is hurt .
Responsibility for the attack is claimed by a previously unknown organisation calling itself ' Revenge for Vietnam ' .
There is a terrorist explosion at Vienna airport .
A group of unidentified men attack the territory of the British military base in Cyprus with mortars .
A serious accident takes place on the most important oil pipeline in Alaska .
The pumping stations break down and the flow of oil falls to a trickle .
In West Germany there are several unsuccessful attempts on the lives of American generals .
In the North Sea the biggest of the British oil rigs tips over and sinks .
The precise reason for this is not established , although experts believe that corrosion of main supports is the culprit .
In the United States an epidemic of some unidentified disease breaks out and spreads rapidly .
It seems to affect port areas particularly , such as San Francisco , Boston , Charleston , Seattle , Norfolk and Philadelphia .
There are explosions practically every day in Paris .
The main targets are the government districts , communication centres and military headquarters .
At the same time terrible forest fires are raging in the South of France .
All these operations - because of course none of these events is an accident - and others like them are known officially in the GRU as the ' preparatory period ' , and unofficially as the ' overture ' .
The overture is a series of large and small operations the purpose of which is , before actual military operations begin , to weaken the enemy 's morale , create an atmosphere of general suspicion , fear and uncertainty , and divert the attention of the enemy 's armies and police forces to a huge number of different targets , each of which may be the object of the next attack .
The overture is carried by agents of the secret services of the Soviet satellite countries and by mercenaries recruited by intermediaries .
The principal method employed at this stage is ' grey terror ' , that is , a kind of terror which is not conducted in the name of the Soviet Union .
The Soviet secret services do not at this stage leave their visiting cards , or leave other people 's cards .
The terror is carried out in the name of already existing extremist groups not connected in any way with the Soviet Union , or in the name of fictitious organisations .
The GRU reckons that in this period its operations should be regarded as natural disasters , actions by forces beyond human control , mistakes committed by people , or as terrorist acts by organisations not connected with the Soviet Union .
The terrorist acts carried out in the course of the ' overture ' require very few people , very few weapons and little equipment .
In some cases all that may be needed is one man who has as a weapon nothing more than a screwdriver , a box of matches or a glass ampoule .
Some of the operations can have catastrophic consequences .
For example , an epidemic of an infectious disease at seven of the most important naval bases in the West could have the effect of halving the combined naval might of the Soviet Union 's enemies .
The ' overture ' could last from several weeks to several months , gradually gathering force and embracing fresh regions .
At the same time the GUSM would become involved .
Photographs compromising a NATO chief appear on the front pages of Western newspapers .
A scandal explodes .
It appears that some of the NATO people have been having meetings with high - ranking Soviet diplomats and handing over top secret papers .
All efforts to refute the story only fuel the fire .
The public demands the immediate dismissal of NATO'S chiefs and a detailed enquiry .
Fresh details about the affair are published in the papers and the scandal increases in scope .
At that moment the KGB and GRU can take out and dust off a tremendous quantity of material and put it into circulation .
The main victims now are the people whom the Soviets had tried to recruit but failed .
Now carefully edited and annotated materials get into the hands of the press .
Soviet Intelligence has tried to recruit thousands , even tens of thousands , of people in its time .
They include young lieutenants who have now become generals and third secretaries who have now become ambassadors .
All of them rejected Soviet efforts to recruit them , and now Soviet Intelligence avenges their refusal .
The number of scandalous affairs increases .
The nations discover to their surprise that there are very few people to be trusted .
The Soviet intelligence service has nothing to lose if the press gets hold of material showing that it tried to recruit a French general , without saying how the attempt ended .
It has even less to lose on the eve of war .
That is why the newspapers are full of demands for investigations and reports of resignations , dismissals and suicides .
The best way of killing a general is to kill him with his own hands .
There is a marked increase in the strength of the peace movement .
In many countries there are continual demands to make the country neutral and not to support American foreign policy , which has been discredited .
At this point the ' grey terror ' gathers scope and strength and in the last days of peace reaches its peak .
From the first moment of the first day of war the main forces of spetsnaz go into action .
From then on the terror is conducted in the name of the Soviet Union and of the Communist leadership : 'red terror ' .
But between the ' grey ' and the ' red ' terror there may be an intermediate period - the ' pink ' terror , when active military operations have not yet begun and there is still peace , but when some of the best spetsnaz units have already gone into action .
The situation is complicated by the fact that , on the one hand , Soviet fighting units are already in battle , but that , on the other hand , they are not yet operating in the name of the Soviet Union .
This is an exceptionally risky moment for the Soviet high command .
But he who risks nothing gains nothing .
The Soviet commanders want to gain a great deal , and so are ready to risk a lot .
A great deal has of course been done to reduce the level of risk .
Only a relatively small number of spetsnaz troops take part in the ' pink ' terror , but they are the best people in spetsnaz - professional athletes of Olympic class .
Everything has been done to make sure that not one of them should fall into the hands of the enemy before the outbreak of war .
A great deal has also been done to ensure that , if one of them should fall into enemy hands at that moment , it would be very difficult to establish his connection with any country whatsoever .
The ' pink ' terror may continue for no more than a few hours .
But those are the most important hours and minutes - the very last hours and minutes of peace .
It is very important that those hours and minutes should be spoilt for the enemy and used for the maximum advantage to the Soviet side .
It must be pointed out that the ' pink ' terror may not be carried out at all .
It is used only when there is absolute certainty of the success of the operations and equal certainty that the enemy will not be able in the remaining hours and minutes to assess the situation correctly and strike the first pre-emptive blow .
* * *
For Soviet Communists the month of August has a special significance .
It was in August that the First World War began , which resulted in revolutions in Russia , Germany and Hungary .
In August 1939 Georgi Zhukov succeeded in doing something that no one before him had managed to do : with a sudden blow he routed a group of Japanese forces in the Far East .
It is possible that that blow had very far - reaching consequences : Japan decided against attacking the Soviet Union and chose to advance in other directions .
Also in August 1939 a pact was signed in the Kremlin which opened the flood gates for the Second World War , as a result of which the USSR became a super - power .
In August 1945 the Soviet Union carried out a treacherous attack on Japan and Manchuria .
In the course of three weeks of intensive operations huge territories roughly equal in area and population to Eastern Europe were ' liberated ' .
In August 1961 the Soviet Union built the Berlin Wall , in violation of international agreements it had signed .
In August 1968 the Soviet Army ' liberated ' Czechoslovakia and , to its great surprise , did not meet with any opposition from the West .
Suppose the Soviet Communists again choose August for starting a war ....
* * *
On 12 August , at 0558 local time , a van comes to a halt on the vast empty parking lot in front of a supermarket in Washington .
Three men open the doors of the van , roll out the fuselage of a light aircraft and attach its wings .
A minute later its motor bursts into life .
The plane takes off and disappears into the sky .
It has no pilot .
It is controlled by radio with the aid of very simple instruments , only slightly more complicated than those used by model aircraft enthusiasts .
The plane climbs to about 200 metres and immediately begins to descend in the direction of the White House .
A minute later a mighty explosion shakes the capital of the United States .
The screaming of sirens on police cars , fire engines and ambulances fills the city .
Three minutes later a second plane sweeps across the centre of the city and there is a second explosion in the place where the White House once stood .
The second plane has taken off from a section of highway under construction , and has a quite different control system .
Two cars with radio beacons in them have been left earlier in the middle of the city .
The beacons have switched on automatically a few seconds before the plane 's take - off .
The automatic pilot is guided by the two beacons and starts to descend according to a previously worked - out trajectory .
The second plane has been sent off by a second group operating independently of the first one .
It was a simple plan : if the first plane did not destroy the White House the second would .
If the first plane did destroy the White House then a few minutes later all the heads of the Washington police would be near where the explosion had taken place .
The second plane would kill many of them .
At 0606 all radio and television channels interrupt their normal programmes and report the destruction of the White House and the possible death of the President of the United States .
At 0613 the programme known as Good Morning America is interrupted and the Vice - President of the USA appears .
He announces a staggering piece of news : there has been an attempt to seize power in the country on the part of the leaders of the armed forces .
The President of the United States has been killed .
The Vice - President appeals to everyone in the armed forces to remain where they are and not to carry out any orders from senior officers for the next twenty - four hours , because the orders would be issued by traitors shortly to be removed from their posts and arrested .
Soon afterwards many television channels across the country cease transmitting ....
* * *
The Soviet military leaders know that if it does n't prove possible to destroy the President of the United States in peacetime , it will be practically impossible to do so at a time of crisis .
The President will be in an underground , or airborne , command post , somewhere extremely inaccessible and extremely well guarded .
Consequently the leaders , while not abandoning attempts to kill the President ( for which purpose several groups of assassins with every kind of weapon , including anti-aircraft missiles , have been dropped in the country ) , decide to carry out an operation aimed at causing panic and confusion .
If it proves impossible to kill the President then they will have to reduce his capacity to rule the country and its armed forces at the most critical moment .
To carry out this task the Soviets have secretly transferred to Washington a spetsnaz company from the first spetsnaz regiment at the strategic level .
A large part of the company is made up of women .
The entire complement of the company is professional athletes of Olympic standard .
It has taken several months to transfer the whole company to Washington .
The athletes have arrived in the guise of security men , drivers and technicians working in the Soviet embassy and other Soviet establishments , and their weapons and equipment have been brought in in containers covered by diplomatic privilege .
The company has been split into eight groups to carry out its mission .
Each group has its own organisation , structure , weapons and equipment .
To carry out their tasks some of the groups will have to make contact with secret agents recruited a long time previously by the GRU rezidentura .
On 11 August the GRU rezident in Washington , a major - general known by the code - name of ' Mudry ' ( officially a civilian and a high - ranking diplomat ) receives an encyphered telegram consisting of one single word - ' Yes ' .
On the rezident 's orders the spetsnaz company leave their places of work .
Some of them simply go back home .
Some are transported secretly in the boots of their cars by GRU officers and dropped in the woods round the city , in empty underground garages and other secluded places .
The group commanders gather their groups together in previously agreed places and set about carrying out their tasks .
Group No. 1 consists of three men and the group is backed up by one secret agent .
The agent works as a mechanic at an airport .
In his spare time he builds flying models of aircraft of various sizes .
This particular model was designed by the best Soviet aircraft designers and put together in America from spares bought in the open market .
The agent himself does not play any part in the operation .
A van containing a light radio - guided aircraft and its separate wings has been standing in his garage for some months .
What the aircraft is for and to whom it belongs the agent does not know .
He only knows that someone has the keys to the garage and that that person can at any moment come and take the van along with the aircraft .
In the middle of the night the spetsnaz group drives the van out into the forest where they take the explosive charges from a secret hiding place and prepare the plane for flight .
At dawn the van is standing in the deserted parking lot .
Group No. 2 is doing roughly the same at that time .
But this group has three agents working for it , two of whom have left their cars with radio beacons parked in precisely defined spots in the centre of the city .
Group No. 3 consists of fifteen spetsnaz men and five experts from the REB osnaz .
They are all wearing police uniforms .
At night the group kidnaps the director of a television company and his family .
Leaving the family at home as hostages guarded by three spetsnaz men , the rest of the group make their way to the studios , capturing two more highly placed officials on their way , also as hostages , but without giving cause for noise or panic among the staff .
Then , with guns threatening them and supervised by Soviet electronics experts , the director and his assistants insert , instead of the usual advertising programme , a video cassette which the commander of the group has given him .
The video cassette has been made up in advance in the Soviet Union .
The role of the Vice - President is played by an actor .
The Soviet high command knows that it is very difficult to cut into American military channels .
If it is at all possible , then at best it will be possible to do no more than overhear conversations or interrupt them .
It is practically impossible to use them for transmitting false orders at the strategic level .
That is why it is decided to make use of the civilian television network : it is difficult to get into a television studio , but it is possible and there are many to choose from .
Operations are carried out simultaneously in several different cities against various TV companies .
If the operation succeeds in only one city it will not matter - millions of people will be disoriented at the most critical moment .
The operational plan has provided that , just after the ' Vice - President ' has spoken several retransmitters will be destroyed by other spetsnaz groups and one of the American communication satellites will be shot down ' by mistake ' by a Soviet satellite .
This is intended to deprive the President and the real Vice - President of the opportunity to refute the false declaration .
But events do not go entirely according to plan .
The President succeeds in addressing the people and issuing a denial of the report .
After the television network throughout America has suffered such major damage , the radio immediately becomes the principal means of communication .
Radio commentators produce different commentaries about what is happening .
The majority of them report that it is difficult to say which report is genuine and which was false , but that the only fact about which there is no doubt is that the White House has been destroyed .
At the moment when all these events are taking place in Washington another spetsnaz company from the same regiment is ordered by the GRU rezident in New York to carry out the same operation but on a much larger scale .
They do not make use of radio - guided aircraft , but seize two television studios and one radio studio which they use for transmitting the same false report .
Five other spetsnaz groups emerge from official Soviet offices and make open , armed attacks on underground cables and some radio and TV transmitting and receiving aerials .
They manage to damage them and also some transformer stations , as a result of which millions of TV screens go blank .
A few hours later spetsnaz detachment I - M - 7 of 120 men lands in New York harbour from a freighter sailing under a Liberian flag .
Using its fire - power the detachment makes its way to the nearest subway station and , splitting into small groups and seizing a train with hostages , sets about destroying the underground communications of the city .
In the area around the berths of America 's huge aircraft - carriers and nuclear submarines in Norfolk , several mini-subs are discovered , as well as underwater saboteurs with aqualungs .
In Alaska eighteen different places are recorded where small groups have tried to land from Soviet naval vessels , submarines and aircraft .
Some of the groups have been destroyed as they landed , others have managed to get back to their ships or , after landing successfully , hidden in the forests .
Spetsnaz detachment I - S - 7 consisting of eighty - two men lands on the coast of Mexico , immediately commandeers private cars , and the next night , using their fire - power and new mobility , cross the United States border .
Small spetsnaz groups land and use routes and methods employed by illegal immigrants , while others make use of paths and methods used by drug dealers .
Islands and the military installations on them are more vulnerable to sabotage operations , and at the same moment spetsnaz groups are landing on Okinawa and Guam , on Diego Garcia , in Greenland and dozens of other islands on which the West has bases .
* * *
Spetsnaz group 2 - S - 13 has spent three weeks aboard a small Soviet fishing vessel fishing close to the shores of Ireland .
On receiving the signal ' 393939 ' the ship 's captain gives the order to cut the nets , switch off the radio , radar and navigation lights and set course at top speed for the shores of Great Britain .
In darkness two light speed - boats are lowered from the side of the ship .
They are big enough to take the whole group .
In the first boat is the group commander , a lieutenant with the code - name of ' Shakespeare ' , a radio operator , a machine - gunner and two snipers .
In the second boat is the deputy group commander , a junior lieutenant with the code - name ' Poet ' , two soldiers with flame - throwers and two snipers .
Each man has a supply of food for three days , which is supposed to be used only in the event of being pursued for a long period .
For general purposes the group has to obtain its food independently , as best it can .
The group also includes two huge German shepherd dogs .
After landing the group the little fishing vessel , still without lights or radio , puts out into the open sea .
The ship 's captain is hoping to hide away in a neutral port in Ireland .
If the vessel is stopped at sea by a British naval patrol the captain and his crew have nothing to fear : the dangerous passengers have left the fishing boat and all traces of their presence on it have already been removed .
' Shakespeare 's ' group lands on a tiny beach close to Little Haven .
The landing place has been chosen long ago , and very well chosen : the beach is shut in on three sides by huge cliffs , so that even in daytime it is impossible to see from a distance what is going on on the beach itself .
At the same time as ' Shakespeare ' four other spetsnaz groups are going ashore in different places two or three kilometres apart .
Operating independently of each other , these four groups arrive by different routes at the little village of Brawdy and at 3.30 in the morning they make a simultaneous attack from different directions on a large building belonging to the United States Navy .
According to reports received by the GRU , hundreds , and possibly thousands , of acoustic listening posts have been set up in the region of the Atlantic Ocean .
The underwater cables from these posts come together at Brawdy where hundreds of American experts analyse with the aid of a computer a huge amount of information about the movement of submarines and surface ships all over the North Atlantic .
According to the GRU 's information similar establishments have been set up in Antigua in the Azores , in Hofn and Keflavik in Iceland , in Hawaii and on Guam .
The GRU 's commanding officers are aware that their information about Brawdy may not be accurate .
But the decision has been taken to attack and destroy the Brawdy monitoring station and all the others as well .
The four attacking groups have been given the task of killing as many as possible of the technical staff of the station and of destroying as much as possible of the electronic apparatus , and everything that will burn must be burnt .
Mines must be laid at the approaches to the building .
All four groups can then depart in different directions .
The ' Shakespeare ' group takes no part in the raid .
Its task , beginning with the following night , is to lay the mines at the approaches to the building .
Apart from that , with sniper fire and open attacks , the group has to make it difficult for anyone to attempt to save or restore the station .
The group commander knows that the four neighbouring groups which are taking part in the attack are nearby and are doing the same .
B ut the group commander does not know everything .
He does not know that spetsnaz detachment 2 - S - 2 , under the command of a major known as ' Uncle Kostya ' , has landed in the area of St David's .
Detachment 2 - S - 2 consists of fifty - six men , fifteen lightweight motorcycles and six small cars with a considerable supply of ammunition .
The detachment 's task is to move rapidly , using secondary and forest roads and in some cases even the main roads , and reach the Forest of Dean to organise a base there .
The Forest of Dean is a wonderful place for spetsnaz operations .
It is a hilly area covered with dense forest .
At one time it was an important industrial region .
There are still the remains of the abandoned coal mines and quarries and railway tunnels , although it is a long time since there was any railway there .
Once firmly established in that forest ' Uncle Kostya ' can strike out in any direction : nearby there is a nuclear power station , the Severn bridge , a railway tunnel beneath the river Severn , the port of Bristol , the GCHQ government communications centre at Cheltenham , very important military factories also at Bristol and a huge munitions dump at Welford .
The GRU believes that it is somewhere in this area that the Royal Family would be sent in the event of war , and that would be a very important target .
The four spetsnaz groups which have taken part at the outset in the operation against Brawdy depart immediately after the attack and make their different ways to the Forest of Dean where they can join up with Uncle Kostya 's detachment .
Shakespeare knows nothing about this .
The large - scale raid on Brawdy and Shakespeare 's continued activity in the following days and nights ought to give the enemy the impression that this is one of the main areas of operation for spetsnaz .
Meanwhile spetsnaz group 2 - C - 41 , of twelve men , has been landed at night near the port of Felixstowe from the catamaran Double Star .
The boat is sailing under the Spanish flag .
The group has left the catamaran in the open sea and swum ashore in aqualungs .
There it has been met by a spetsnaz agent recruited some years previously .
He has at the GRU 's expense bought a small motorcycle shop , and his shop has always had available at least fifteen Japanese motorcycles all ready for the road , along with several sets of leather jackets , trousers and crash helmets .
The group ( containing some of the best motorcyclists in the Soviet Union ) changes its clothes , its weapons are wrapped in tarpaulin , the spetsnaz agent and his family are killed and their bodies hidden in the cellar of their house , and the motorcycle gang then rushes off at a great speed along the A45 in the direction of Mildenhall .
Its task is to set up automatic Strela - Blok anti-aircraft missiles in the area of the base and knock out one of the most important American air bases in Europe , used regularly by F - llls .
Afterwards the group is to make for the nearest forest and link up with spetsnaz detachment 2 - C - 5 .
The group commander does not know that at the same time and not far away from him ten other spetsnaz groups , each working independently , are carrying out similar operations against the American military bases at Woodbridge , Bentwaters and Lakenheath .
* * *
The motor yacht Maria was built in Italy .
In the course of a decade she has changed owners several times and visited the oceans of the world until she was sold to some wealthy person , after which she has not been seen for several years in any port in the world .
But when the international situation takes a turn for the worse the Maria appears in the North Sea sailing under a Swedish flag .
After some modernisation the appearance of the yacht has changed somewhat .
On receiving the signal ' 393939 ' the Maria travels at full speed towards the coast of Great Britain .
When it is inside British territorial waters and within range of Fylingdales Moor the yacht 's crew removes hatch covers to reveal two BM - 23 Katusha - like multi- barrelled missile - launchers .
The sailors quickly aim the weapon at the gigantic spheres and fire .
Seventy - two heavy shells explode around the installation , causing irreparable harm to the early warning system .
The sailors on the yacht put on their aqualungs and jump overboard .
For two hours the yacht drifts close to the shore without a crew .
When the police clamber aboard , she explodes and sinks .
* * *
For operations against NATO forces in Central Europe the Soviet high command has concentrated an immensely powerful collection of forces consisting of the 1st and 2nd Western Fronts in East Germany , the 3rd Western Front in Poland , the Central Front in Czechoslovakia and the Group of Tank Armies in Belorussia .
This makes fifteen armies altogether , including the six tank armies .
On the right flank of this collection of forces there is the combined Baltic Fleet .
And deep in Soviet territory another five fronts are being built up ( fifteen armies altogether ) for supporting attack .
On 12 August at 2300 hours spetsnaz battalions drawn from the seven armies of the first echelon cross the frontier of Western Germany on motorised hang - gliders , ordinary gliders and gliding parachutes .
Operating in small groups , each battalion strikes at the enemy 's radar installations , concentrating its efforts on a relatively narrow sector so as to create a sort of corridor for its planes to fly through .
Apart from these seven corridors , another one of strategic importance is created .
It was for this purpose that back in July the 13th spetsnaz brigade arrived in East Germany from the Moscow military district on the pretext that it was a military construction unit and based itself in the Thuringer Wald .
The brigade is now split into sixty groups scattered about the forests of the Spessart and Odenwald hills , and faced with the task of destroying the anti-aircraft installations , especially the radar systems .
In the first wave there are altogether 130 spetsnaz groups dropped with a total of some 3300 troops .
Two hours after the men have been dropped , the Soviet air force carries out a mass night raid on the enemy 's anti-aircraft installations .
The combined blow struck by the air force and spetsnaz makes it possible to clear one large and several smaller corridors through the anti-aircraft defence system .
These corridors are used immediately for another mass air attack and a second drop of spetsnaz units .
Simultaneously , advance detachments of the seven armies cross the frontier and advance westwards .
At 0330 hours on 13 August the second wave of spetsnaz forces is dropped from Aeroflot aircraft operating at very low heights with heavy fighter cover .
The Central Front drops its spetsnaz brigade in the heavily wooded mountains near Freiburg .
The brigade 's job is to destroy the important American , West German and French headquarters , lines of communication , aircraft on the ground and anti-aircraft defences .
This brigade is , so to speak , opening the gates into France , into which will soon burst several fronts and a further wave of spetsnaz .
The 1st and 2nd Western Fronts drop their spetsnaz brigades in Germany to the west of the Rhine .
This part of West Germany is the furthest away from the dangerous eastern neighbour and consequently all the most vulnerable targets are concentrated there : headquarters , command posts , aerodromes , nuclear weapon stores , colossal reserves of military equipment , ammunition and fuel .
The spetsnaz brigade of the 1st Western Front is dropped in the Aachen area .
Here there are several large forests where bases can be organised and a number of very tempting targets : bridges across the Rhine which would be used for bringing up reserves and supplying the NATO forces fighting to the east of the Rhine , the important air bases of Bruggen and Wildenrath , the residence of the German government and West Germany 's civil service in Bonn , important headquarters near MunchenGladbach , and the Geilenkirchen air base where the E - 3 A early - warning aircraft are based .
It is in this area that the Soviet high command plans to bring into the battle the 20th Guards Army , which is to strike southwards down the west bank of the Rhine .
The spetsnaz brigade is busy clearing the way for the columns of tanks which are soon to appear here .
The spetsnaz brigade of the 2nd Western Front has been dropped in the Kaiserslautern area with the task of neutralising the important air base and the air force command posts near Ramstein and Zweibriicken and of destroying the nuclear weapons stores at Pirmasens .
The place where the brigade has been dropped is where , according to the plan of the Soviet high command , the two arms of the gigantic pincer movement are to close together : the 20th Guards Army advancing from the north and the 8th Guards Tank Army striking from Czechoslovakia in the direction of Karlsruhe .
After this the second strategic echelon will be brought into action to inflict a crushing defeat on France .
At the same time the Soviet high command inderstands that to win the war it has to prevent the large - scale transfer of American troops , arms and equipment to Western Europe .
To solve the problem the huge Soviet Northern Fleet will have to be brought out into the Atlantic and be kept supplied there .
The operations of the fleet will have to be backed up by the Air Force .
But for the fleet to get out into the Atlantic it will have to pass through a long corridor between Norway and Greenland and Iceland .
There the Soviet fleet will be exposed to constant observation and attack by air forces , small ships and submarines operating out of the fjords and by a huge collection of radio- electronic instruments and installations .
Norway , especially its southern part , is an exceptionally important area for the Soviet military leaders .
They need to seize southern Norway and establish air and naval bases there in order to fight a battle for the Atlantic and therefore for Central Europe .
The Soviet high command has allotted at least one entire front consisting of an airborne division , considerable naval forces and a brigade of spetsnaz .
But airlifting ammunition , fuel , foodstuffs and reinforcements to the military , air and naval bases in Norway presents great problems of scale .
So there have to be good and safe roads to the bases in southern Norway .
Those roads lie in Sweden .
In the past Sweden was lucky : she always remained on the sidelines in a conflict .
But at the end of the twentieth century the balance of the battlefield is changing .
Sweden has become one of the most important strategic points in the world .
If war breaks out the path of the aggressor will lie across Sweden .
The occupation of Sweden is made easier by the fact that there are no nuclear weapons on its territory , so that the Soviet leaders risk very little .
They know , however , that the Swedish soldier is a very serious opponent - thoughtful , disciplined , physically strong and tough , well armed , well acquainted with the territory he will have to fight over , and well trained for action in such terrain .
The experience of the war against Finland teaches that in Scandinavia frontal attacks with tanks do not produce brilliant results .
It requires the use of special tactics and special troops : spetsnaz .
And so it goes on , all over the world .
In Sweden the capital city in reduced to a state of panic by the murder of several senior government figures and arson and bombing attacks on key buildings and ordinary civilians .
In Japan , American nuclear bases are destroyed and chemical weapons used on the seat of government .
In Pakistan , a breakaway movement in Baluchistan province , instantly recognised by the Soviet Communist Party , asks for and receives direct military intervention from the USSR to protect its fragile independence : Soviet - controlled territory extends all the way from Siberia through Afghanistan to the Indian Ocean .
It may not even need a third world war for the Soviet Union to occupy Baluchistan .
The Red Army may be withdrawing from Afghanistan , but knowing what we know about Soviet strategy and the uses to which spetsnaz can be put , such a withdrawal can be seen as a useful public relations exercise without hindering the work of spetsnaz in any way .
With a spetsnaz presence in Baluchistan , the Politburo could be reaching very close to the main oil artery of the world , to the Arab countries , to Eastern and Southern Africa , to Australia and South - east Asia : territories and oceans that are practically undefended .
Industry Credits
Established in 2006 , USEON has been focusing on polymer extrusion equipment and process technology .
As a leading supplier of CO 2 foam XPS lines , USEON has been helping UNIDO ( United Nations Industrial Development Organization ) and FECO ( Foreign Economic Cooperation Office ) implement the HCFCs phasing - out projects worldwide .
We have been dominating the huge capacity of XPS production lines in China .
From before - sales consulting service to production team building , we provide genuine turn - key project .
Update 02 April : Yes , it ’s an April Fools ’
Day prank and quite obvious one .
We did it just to lower your guard for the second “ Hakintosh ” hit .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have a big one for you .
After more than a year of hard work and tough negotiations we are pleased to introduce our first very own mobile phone .
Enter the full - touch Android - running gPhone !
The idea to come up with a phone of our own was born several months after the Android OS became a fact .
Now that we 've got most of the gPhone hardware and software clear we feel ready to share it with you .
We would like to thank our partners from Samsung who were kind enough to supply the gPhone 4 " Super AMOLED touchscreen display of WVGA resolution and Qualcomm , who agreed to make our device the first to pack their brand new 1.5 GHz dual - core Snapdragon CPU .
The rest of the specs of the gPhone include Wi -Fi b/g/n , GPS , 3G with HSDPA support and 512 MB of RAM .
The 8 megapixel backlit image sensor of the camera will allow better low - light performance than any mobile phone currently on the market and will be able to record 720 p video at 30 fps .
We were even looking into the possibility of enabling 1080 p video recording , but there are still some limitations of the Android platform that we need to find a way around for this to happen .
At any rate , the hardware should be perfectly capable of delivering that when our software department finds a workaround .
We are hoping the gPhone will be available in time for the holiday season in black and brown color versions .
Both will have steel bodies and should cost about 400 euro ( 540 US dollars ) before taxes or subsides .
We are currently negotiating with several major European carriers about offering the gPhone through their networks and we 'll keep you posted once the deals are done .
You can check out some live photos and a brief demo video of the gPhone in our review section .
Bane_ Profile Joined October 2005 United Kingdom 494 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-13 20:09:46 #
1
I 've tried to copy the table here just for convenience but the formatting is pretty dreadful so you'd be a lot better off looking at the original .
Position - Name - Race - Rating - Wins - Losses - Win Percentage .
1 NEXGenius P 2235 178 114 61.0 %
2 NcYellow T 2177 200 122 62.1 %
3 푸른태양 T 2130 327 277 54.1 %
4 박용욱 Z 2125 218 131 62.5 %
5 Teletha T 2115 166 113 59.5 %
6 NESTA Z 2114 196 134 59.4 %
7 Limper Z 2108 397 194 67.2 %
8 Cosmic Z 2103 145 83 63.6 %
9 CQ□□ Z 2101 349 297 54.0 %
10 Gerrard Z 2101 89 36 71.2 %
11 Junwisam Z 2099 191 105 64.5 %
12 Zenio Z 2097 181 102 64.0 %
13 Bojan T 2086 150 97 60.7 %
14 Sen Z 2082 158 69 69.6 %
15 Feeling T 2081 146 88 62.4 %
16 Ensnare T 2071 225 146 60.6 %
17 Maris T 2034 137 99 58.1 %
18 PandaLoner T 2031 274 216 55.9 %
19 Spunky P 2014 71 34 67.6 %
20 NEX김대기 T 2012 157 101 60.9 %
21 Phantasm P 2005 139 100 58.2 %
22 SoO Z 2003 134 70 65.7 %
23 다람쥐 Z 2002 90 55 62.1 %
24 Escher T 2001 174 140 55.4 %
25 Gagboy R 1988 137 99 58.1 %
26 TheStC T 1986 145 99 59.4 %
27 몽몽귀 T 1977 155 114 57.6 %
28 호랑나비 R 1968 75 33 69.4 %
29 SoO Z 1963 84 39 68.3 %
30 SoBaDRush Z 1961 100 67 59.9 %
31 Sopia Z 1958 121 83 59.3 %
32 혜성처럼등장한내가본좌다 R 1952 130 81 61.6 %
33 신림동꽃거 지 T 1951 127 84 60.2 %
34 변신수 Z 1946 106 77 57.9 %
35 SoO Z 1945 221 168 56.8 %
36 Baby Z 1941 93 64 59.2 %
37 Gale P 1937 324 252 56.3 %
38 sSKS T 1931 73 43 62.9 %
39 OneSoldier T 1923 142 118 54.6 %
40 RenieHour P 1922 223 181 55.2 %
41 평양물냉 면 P 1917 124 84 59.6 %
42 NEXCHIEF P 1916 135 108 55.6 %
43 Kazama Z 1909 102 80 56.0 %
44 Yoonjin P 1909 91 55 62.3 %
45 elcarim T 1902 140 95 59.6 %
46 luffy Z 1902 302 248 54.9 %
47 sCar P 1901 83 59 58.5 %
48 miso Z 1899 153 124 55.2 %
49 VicaL P 1898 207 162 56.1 %
50 sciwyw Z 1890 123 99 55.4 %
51 Sorry P 1882 215 151 58.7 %
52 HeadOfState P 1881 185 125 59.7 %
53 슈캐다 T 1878 113 81 58.2 %
54 Artosis Z 1877 72 53 57.6 %
55 The MarineBoy T 1876 253 210 54.6 %
56 LegalMind P 1872 107 84 56.0 %
57 Prime T 1868 74 40 64.9 %
58 kkusikkusi T 1860 114 94 54.8 %
59 foris P 1858 88 65 57.5 %
60 PhoeNix Z 1858 136 104 56.7 %
61 징징대지 마 Z 1856 167 139 54.6 %
62 Mortred P 1855 104 83 55.6 %
63 knivesout P 1855 258 213 54.8 %
64 Devan Z 1854 90 64 58.4 %
65 김천국밥 P 1853 134 115 53.8 %
66 OhYa Z 1853 98 78 55.7 %
67 HaNa P 1843 121 92 56.8 %
68 NEXMereDith Z 1841 78 58 57.4 %
69 EndingOfTime P 1841 174 151 53.5 %
70 CaRtoONweRRa P 1841 248 191 56.5 %
71 Rainbow R 1837 165 142 53.7 %
72 박형준 P 1835 194 138 58.4 %
73 허준과침 T 1833 156 127 55.1 %
74 Hyperdub T 1827 114 79 59.1 %
75 Banshee P 1826 43 15 74.1 %
76 Flash T 1825 113 85 57.1 %
77 ukterran T 1818 152 132 53.5 %
78 JoJo P 1817 154 128 54.6 %
79 apple T 1815 67 52 56.3 %
80 김토르 T 1815 76 53 58.9 %
81 Mio T 1813 108 80 57.4 %
82 RedLighting P 1812 73 41 64.0 %
83 Limit T 1812 153 118 56.5 %
84 TTEKKY Z 1811 93 67 58.1 %
85 KYLE P 1810 277 229 54.7 %
86 viOLetWeRRa Z 1810 129 92 58.4 %
87 ZanDarke P 1809 62 38 62.0 %
88 YouRush Z 1808 146 114 56.2 %
89 Cezanne Z 1806 35 11 76.1 %
90 TavOr Z 1805 183 160 53.4 %
91 내가누굴까 요 P 1804 79 52 60.3 %
92 Aory P 1803 335 274 55.0 %
93 ToNi Z 1803 157 132 54.3 %
94 rae Z 1798 100 69 59.2 %
95 Puyo T 1797 165 154 51.7 %
96 SoO Z 1797 72 54 57.1 %
97 Zerg Z 1796 164 135 54.8 %
98 Spiral T 1796 205 175 53.9 %
99 PaNicStrike T 1793 220 185 54.3 %
100 jaMWeRRa Z 1792 123 96 56.2 %
101 MOTOR P 1789 100 68 59.5 %
102 Acrobat P 1786 134 114 54.0 %
103 NEXFreeSaGA P 1785 73 53 57.9 %
104 NalZa P 1784 89 71 55.6 %
105 Sense Z 1783 42 23 64.6 %
106 XiaoBaiTu P 1782 151 131 53.5 %
107 아레나 R 1782 169 144 54.0 %
108 아이디 T 1781 126 100 55.8 %
109 Allin T 1781 389 338 53.5 %
110 토샤드 Z 1779 70 53 56.9 %
111 MaxUz Z 1777 227 207 52.3 %
112 SorrowRush P 1776 93 73 56.0 %
113 SoO R 1775 53 41 56.4 %
114 Yellow Z 1775 71 47 60.2 %
115 이제동 Z 1773 166 141 54.1 %
116 Luzesky T 1769 55 34 61.8 %
117 GooR P 1769 138 106 56.6 %
118 ZERO P 1768 122 102 54.5 %
119 SungSss T 1768 119 91 56.7 %
120 Sound T 1766 140 123 53.2 %
121 반반쓰 P 1759 125 103 54.8 %
122 NEX환류 P 1758 86 68 55.8 %
123 SiLvEr P 1757 54 29 65.1 %
124 JeRRy T 1753 199 168 54.2 %
125 AudreyTautou P 1751 229 187 55.0 %
126 Acky Z 1751 98 88 52.7 %
127 슬냥이 P 1751 80 56 58.8 %
128 포로로카성인 P 1750 147 111 57.0 %
129 괴도상디 P 1749 77 55 58.3 %
130 GriFFiTh T 1747 68 30 69.4 %
131 Funke P 1746 73 47 60.8 %
132 Dexter T 1746 99 82 54.7 %
133 Ballad Z 1745 121 96 55.8 %
134 UDontKnowMe T 1743 73 56 56.6 %
135 사나이 P 1743 190 167 53.2 %
136 JupitEr T 1742 154 126 55.0 %
137 Pranoia Z 1740 117 93 55.7 %
138 쥬펠레 P 1740 70 55 56.0 %
139 Revtime Z 1739 187 163 53.4 %
140 hOma T 1739 84 65 56.4 %
141 Beciel T 1738 111 92 54.7 %
142 후후맨 P 1737 70 48 59.3 %
143 Only Z 1736 126 96 56.8 %
144 zealpanda Z 1736 206 183 53.0 %
145 DoSWeRRa P 1732 56 42 57.1 %
146 GaNeSha P 1732 52 35 59.8 %
147 사우스포 R 1731 163 131 55.4 %
148 Gerper P 1729 42 25 62.7 %
149 NEXUS P 1726 107 68 61.1 %
150 Magichour T 1725 71 53 57.3 %
151 DaramG P 1723 107 76 58.5 %
152 ActorProtoss P 1722 213 195 52.2 %
153 Hussey P 1721 58 37 61.1 %
154 콩까지마 Z 1721 75 41 64.7 %
155 Xian P 1719 99 79 55.6 %
156 temlost T 1712 99 83 54.4 %
157 MSP Z 1711 282 251 52.9 %
158 달과별 Z 1711 77 53 59.2 %
159 똥꼬킥 P 1710 76 55 58.0 %
160 종족뭐하지 Z 1710 99 73 57.6 %
161 age Z 1710 137 105 56.6 %
162 Karsid P 1707 142 124 53.4 %
163 Furion P 1705 56 43 56.6 %
164 SmartSNake P 1705 71 56 55.9 %
165 eroZerg Z 1702 110 83 57.0 %
종족 분포 - Race distribution
Zerg ---------- 54 ----- 32.7 %
Protoss ----- 59 ----- 35.8 %
Terran ------- 45 ----- 27.3 %
Random ---- 7 ------- 4.2 %
Total --------- 165 --- 100.0 %
종족별 평균 승률 - Average winning percentage ?
Zerg ---------- 58.8 %
Protoss ----- 57.8 %
Terran ------- 57.4 %
Random ---- 58.4 %
2000 점이상 종족 분포 - Race distribution , 2000 + rating
Zerg ---------- 11 ----- 45.8 %
Protoss ----- 3 ------- 12.5 %
Terran ------- 10 ------ 41.7 %
Random ---- 0 -------- 0.0 %
합계 ---------- 24 ------ 100.0 %
종족별 점수 TOP 3 - of each race
Zerg ----------
Protoss
----------
Terran ----------
Random
1 박 용욱 ------ NEXGenius ---- NcYellow ------ Gagboy
2 NESTA ------ Spunky ---------- 푸른태양 ------ 호랑나비
3 Limper ------- Phantasm ------- Teletha -------- 혜성처럼등장
종족별 승률 TOP 3 - highest win percentage with 50 + wins
Zerg ----------
Protoss
----------
Terran ----------
Random
1 Gerrard ----- Banshee --------- GriFFiTh ------ 호랑나비
2 Sen ----------
Spunky -----------
Prime ---------- 혜성처럼등장
3 SoO ---------- SiLvEr ------------
sSKS ----------
Gagboy
An enterprising chap called Aiur over on PlayXP took it upon himself to compile the kind of rankings table that I know people love , so I figured it was worth linking to over here :
http://playxp.com/sc2/bbs/view.php?article_id=1955103&page=3
I 've tried to copy the table here just for convenience but the formatting is pretty dreadful so you'd be a lot better off looking at the original .
Position - Name - Race - Rating - Wins - Losses - Win Percentage.1 NEXGenius P 2235 178 114 61.0%2 NcYellow T 2177 200 122 62.1%3 푸른태양 T 2130 327 277 54.1%4 박용욱 Z 2125 218 131 62.5%5 Teletha T 2115 166 113 59.5%6 NESTA Z 2114 196 134 59.4%7 Limper Z 2108 397 194 67.2%8 Cosmic Z 2103 145 83 63.6%9 CQ □ □ Z 2101 349 297 54.0%10 Gerrard Z 2101 89 36 71.2%11 Junwisam Z 2099 191 105 64.5%12 Zenio Z 2097 181 102 64.0%13 Bojan T 2086 150 97 60.7%14 Sen Z 2082 158 69 69.6%15 Feeling T 2081 146 88 62.4%16 Ensnare T 2071 225 146 60.6%17 Maris T 2034 137 99 58.1%18 PandaLoner T 2031 274 216 55.9%19 Spunky P 2014 71 34 67.6%20 NEX 김대 기 T 2012 157 101 60.9%21 Phantasm P 2005 139 100 58.2%22 SoO Z 2003 134 70 65.7%23 다람쥐 Z 2002 90 55 62.1%24 Escher T 2001 174 140 55.4%25 Gagboy R 1988 137 99 58.1%26 TheStC T 1986 145 99 59.4%27 몽몽귀 T 1977 155 114 57.6%28 호랑나비 R 1968 75 33 69.4%29 SoO Z 1963 84 39 68.3%30 SoBaDRush Z 1961 100 67 59.9%31 Sopia Z 1958 121 83 59.3%32 혜성처럼등장한내가본좌다 R 1952 130 81 61.6%33 신림동꽃거지 T 1951 127 84 60.2%34 변신수 Z 1946 106 77 57.9%35 SoO Z 1945 221 168 56.8%36 Baby Z 1941 93 64 59.2%37 Gale P 1937 324 252 56.3%38 sSKS T 1931 73 43 62.9%39 OneSoldier T 1923 142 118 54.6%40 RenieHour P 1922 223 181 55.2%41 평양물냉 면 P 1917 124 84 59.6%42 NEXCHIEF
P 1916 135 108 55.6%43 Kazama Z 1909 102 80 56.0%44 Yoonjin P 1909 91 55 62.3%45 elcarim T 1902 140 95 59.6%46 luffy Z 1902 302 248 54.9%47 sCar P 1901 83 59 58.5%48 miso Z 1899 153 124 55.2%49 VicaL P 1898 207 162 56.1%50 sciwyw Z 1890 123 99 55.4%51 Sorry P 1882 215 151 58.7%52 HeadOfState P 1881 185 125 59.7%53 슈캐다 T 1878 113 81 58.2%54 Artosis Z 1877 72 53 57.6%55 The MarineBoy T 1876 253 210 54.6%56 LegalMind P 1872 107 84 56.0%57 Prime T 1868 74 40 64.9%58 kkusikkusi T 1860 114 94 54.8%59 foris P 1858 88 65 57.5%60 PhoeNix Z 1858 136 104 56.7%61 징징대지마 Z 1856 167 139 54.6%62 Mortred P 1855 104 83 55.6%63 knivesout P 1855 258 213 54.8%64 Devan Z 1854 90 64 58.4%65 김천국밥 P 1853 134 115 53.8%66 OhYa Z 1853 98 78 55.7%67 HaNa P 1843 121 92 56.8%68 NEXMereDith Z 1841 78 58 57.4%69 EndingOfTime P 1841 174 151 53.5%70 CaRtoONweRRa P 1841 248 191 56.5%71 Rainbow R 1837 165 142 53.7%72 박형준 P 1835 194 138 58.4%73 허준과침 T 1833 156 127 55.1%74 Hyperdub T 1827 114 79 59.1%75 Banshee P 1826 43 15 74.1%76 Flash T 1825 113 85 57.1%77 ukterran T 1818 152 132 53.5%78 JoJo P 1817 154 128 54.6%79 apple T 1815 67 52 56.3%80 김토르 T 1815 76 53 58.9%81 Mio T 1813 108 80 57.4%82 RedLighting P 1812 73 41 64.0%83 Limit T 1812 153 118 56.5%84 TTEKKY Z 1811 93 67 58.1%85 KYLE P 1810 277 229 54.7%86 viOLetWeRRa Z 1810 129 92 58.4%87 ZanDarke P 1809 62 38 62.0%88 YouRush Z 1808 146 114 56.2%89 Cezanne Z 1806 35 11 76.1%90 TavOr Z 1805 183 160 53.4%91 내가누굴까요 P 1804 79 52 60.3%92 Aory P 1803 335 274 55.0%93 ToNi Z 1803 157 132 54.3%94 rae Z 1798 100 69 59.2%95 Puyo T 1797 165 154 51.7%96 SoO Z 1797 72 54 57.1%97 Zerg Z 1796 164 135 54.8%98 Spiral T 1796 205 175 53.9%99 PaNicStrike T 1793 220 185 54.3%100 jaMWeRRa Z 1792 123 96 56.2%101 MOTOR P 1789 100 68 59.5%102 Acrobat P 1786 134 114 54.0%103 NEXFreeSaGA
P 1785 73 53 57.9%104 NalZa P 1784 89 71 55.6%105 Sense Z 1783 42 23 64.6%106 XiaoBaiTu P 1782 151 131 53.5%107 아레나 R 1782 169 144 54.0%108 아이디 T 1781 126 100 55.8%109 Allin T 1781 389 338 53.5%110 토샤드 Z 1779 70 53 56.9%111 MaxUz Z 1777 227 207 52.3%112 SorrowRush P 1776 93 73 56.0 %113 SoO R 1775 53 41 56.4%114 Yellow Z 1775 71 47 60.2%115 이제동 Z 1773 166 141 54.1%116 Luzesky T 1769 55 34 61.8%117 GooR P 1769 138 106 56.6%118 ZERO P 1768 122 102 54.5%119 SungSss T 1768 119 91 56.7%120 Sound T 1766 140 123 53.2%121 반반쓰 P 1759 125 103 54.8%122 NEX 환 류 P 1758 86 68 55.8%123 SiLvEr P 1757 54 29 65.1%124 JeRRy T 1753 199 168 54.2%125 AudreyTautou P 1751 229 187 55.0 %126 Acky Z 1751 98 88 52.7%127 슬냥이 P 1751 80 56 58.8%128 포로로카성인 P 1750 147 111 57.0%129 괴도상디 P 1749 77 55 58.3%130 GriFFiTh T 1747 68 30 69.4%131 Funke P 1746 73 47 60.8%132 Dexter T 1746 99 82 54.7%133 Ballad Z 1745 121 96 55.8%134 UDontKnowMe T 1743 73 56 56.6%135 사나이 P 1743 190 167 53.2%136 JupitEr T 1742 154 126 55.0%137 Pranoia Z 1740 117 93 55.7%138 쥬펠레 P 1740 70 55 56.0%139 Revtime Z 1739 187 163 53.4%140 hOma T 1739 84 65 56.4%141 Beciel T 1738 111 92 54.7%142 후후맨 P 1737 70 48 59.3%143 Only Z 1736 126 96 56.8%144 zealpanda Z 1736 206 183 53.0%145 DoSWeRRa P 1732 56 42 57.1%146 GaNeSha P 1732 52 35 59.8%147 사우스포 R 1731 163 131 55.4%148 Gerper P 1729 42 25 62.7%149 NEXUS P 1726 107 68 61.1%150 Magichour T 1725 71 53 57.3%151 DaramG P 1723 107 76 58.5%152 ActorProtoss P 1722 213 195 52.2%153 Hussey P 1721 58 37 61.1%154 콩까지마 Z 1721 75 41 64.7%155 Xian P 1719 99 79 55.6%156 temlost T 1712 99 83 54.4%157 MSP Z 1711 282 251 52.9%158 달과별 Z 1711 77 53 59.2%159 똥꼬킥 P 1710 76 55 58.0%160 종족뭐하지 Z 1710 99 73 57.6%161 age Z 1710 137 105 56.6%162 Karsid P 1707 142 124 53.4%163 Furion P 1705 56 43 56.6%164 SmartSNake P 1705 71 56 55.9%165 eroZerg Z 1702 110 83 57.0 % 종족 분포 - Race distributionZerg
---------- 54 ----- 32.7 % Protoss ----- 59 ----- 35.8 % Terran ------- 45 ----- 27.3 % Random ---- 7 ------- 4.2 % Total ---------
165 --- 100.0 % 종족별 평균 승률 - Average winning percentage ?
Zerg
---------- 58.8 % Protoss ----- 57.8 % Terran ------- 57.4 % Random ---- 58.4%2000 점이상 종족 분포 - Race distribution , 2000 + ratingZerg
---------- 11 ----- 45.8 % Protoss ----- 3 ------- 12.5 % Terran
------- 10 ------ 41.7 %Random ---- 0 -------- 0.0 %합계
----------
24 ------ 100.0 % 종족별 점수 TOP 3 - of each raceZerg
----------
Protoss
----------
Terran
---------- Random1 박 용욱 ------ NEXGenius ---- NcYellow ------ Gagboy2 NESTA
------
Spunky ---------- 푸른태양 ------ 호랑나비3 Limper ------- Phantasm ------- Teletha -------- 혜성처럼등장종족별 승률 TOP 3 - highest win percentage with 50 + winsZerg
----------
Protoss
----------
Terran ---------- Random1 Gerrard ----- Banshee --------- GriFFiTh ------ 호랑나비2 Sen ----------
Spunky -----------
Prime ---------- 혜성처럼등장3 SoO ---------- SiLvEr ------------
sSKS ----------
Gagboy
Kenpachi Profile Blog Joined August 2009 United States 9303 Posts # 2 Is Nexgenius Tester ?
Nada 's body is South Korea 's greatest weapon .
Pufftrees Profile Joined March 2009 2442 Posts # 3 Great link thanks for posting this .
Asia seems to be getting more overall balanced as far as overall race distribution and winner percentage .
The lack of protoss over 2 k may have some hidden meaning behind it .
Chance favors the prepared mind .
zoL Profile Joined March 2010 United States 38 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-13 19:50:08 # 4
Little confused about SoO .
22 SoO Z 2003 134 70 65.7 %
29 SoO Z 1963 84 39 68.3 %
35 SoO Z 1945 221 168 56.8 %
Which is real one ?
HydroXy Profile Joined May 2010 United States 508 Posts # 5 I like how there 's five Soo's , lol .
Which one is the real one , the highest ranked one ?
Khalleb Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Canada 1908 Posts # 6 where is tester ?
Liquid 'Nony : " I only needed one probe to take down idra .
I had to upgrade to a zealot for strelok . "
Bane_ Profile Joined October 2005 United Kingdom 494 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-14 11:08:50 #
7
Edit -
It seems like it 's some kind of in joke between the zergs on the oGs team as the following are all playing as SoO ( Cool , TheWinD , SiR@SoNi , ) and there are two other zergs on their team who maybe could be also ( [ kor ] - Rain , ) .
Tester is sSKS and apparently he made the switch to terran to show everyone how awesome they are .
I know one of the SoOs is TheWinD and one is umm , that Fruit Trader guy Cool [fOu ] .
Edit -
It seems like it 's some kind of in joke between the zergs on the oGs team as the following are all playing as SoO ( [ z - zone ] SoO ) and there are two other zergs on their team who maybe could be also ( sigamari ) .
Tester is sSKS and apparently he made the switch to terran to show everyone how awesome they are .
Tom Phoenix Profile Blog Joined January 2009 1114 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-13 19:53:58 # 8 or an imposter ?
There certainly are some plausible names up there like and , but I doubt Baby and Soo really are and n.Die_soO .
EDIT : And for some reason , I can not link n. Die_soO with TLPD .
o. O Is NcYellow the real Yell Ow or an imposter ?
There certainly are some plausible names up there like Silver and Kingdom , but I doubt Baby and Soo really are BaBy and n.Die_soO.EDIT : And for some reason , I can not link n. Die_soO with TLPD .
o. O
You and your " 5 years of competitive RTS experience " can take a hike .
- FrozenArbiter
general.snus Profile Joined November 2009 Norway 60 Posts # 9 whos Idra ?
520 Profile Blog Joined April 2009 United States 2531 Posts # 10 Ooh , IdrA # 3 Zerg on the Asian servers combined .
That 's pretty sweet .
Writer
pshych0 Profile Blog Joined July 2009 238 Posts # 11 cool stuff shit happens
zoL Profile Joined March 2010 United States 38 Posts # 12 Surprised to see Maka so low considering how high Artosis considers him .
20th rank , 9th Terran ?
Elryi Profile Joined April 2010 United States 16 Posts # 13 I see Artosis but no Idra ?
Jyvblamo Profile Blog Joined June 2006 Canada 13670 Posts # 14 On May 14 2010 04:52 general.snus wrote :
whos Idra ?
Limper Limper
ziz Profile Blog Joined February 2009 203 Posts # 15 On MaY 14 2010 04:52 Tom Phoenix wrote :
Is NcYellow the ReaL or an imposter ?
There certainly are some plausible names up there like and , but I doubt and SoO are and n.Die_soO .
EDIT : And for some reason , I can not n. Die_soO with TLPD .
o. O Is NcYellow the Yell Ow or an imposter ?
There certainly are some plausible names up there like Silver and Kingdom , but I doubt BaBy and Really are BaBy and n.Die_soO.EDIT : And for some reason , I can not Link n. Die_soO with TLPD .
o.
O
is RainBOw Yell
Ow is
YJ_ Profile Joined April 2010 Canada 36 Posts # 16 Interesting , I wonder Zerg are going to be as high after the new patch lol .
Bane_ Profile Joined October 2005 United Kingdom 494 Posts # 17 , and IdrA is Limper , he 's doing pretty awesome to be fair .
NcYellow is RainBOw , and IdrA is Limper , he 's doing pretty awesome to be fair .
Bear4188 Profile Joined March 2010 United States 1797 Posts # 18 I like how Idra has double the wins and a higher % than everyone above him , but is " worse " .
Cool system , Blizzard .
" I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something . " - R. Feynman
520 Profile Blog Joined April 2009 United States 2531 Posts # 19 On May 14 2010 04:56 Bear4188 wrote :
I like how Idra has double the wins and a higher % than everyone above him , but is " worse " .
Cool system , Blizzard .
Based off of your skill relative to the person you 're playing .
He could be playing lower level players or more of his losses could come from tilt games vs. players that he is favored against through Elo .
Cool failed data extrapolation .
Based off of your skill relative to the person you 're playing .
He could be playing lower level players or more of his losses could come from tilt games vs. players that he is favored against through Elo .
Cool failed data extrapolation .
Writer
Grettin Profile Joined April 2010 32020 Posts # 20 On May 14 2010 04:55 Bane_ wrote :
NcYellow is , and IdrA is Limper , he 's doing pretty awesome to be fair .
NcYellow is RainBOw , and IdrA is Limper , he 's doing pretty awesome to be fair .
He sure is .
So is Artosis imo .
He sure is .
So is Artosis imo .
" If I had force - fields in Brood War , I 'd never lose . "
- Bisu
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next All
TWEED , Canada — Cosy Cove Lane , as its name suggests , is the kind of sleepy place where doors were left unlocked for as long as anyone can remember .
It ’s a dead - end dirt road hugging one side of a heart - shaped inlet in the village of Tweed , a rural community of 1,500 people in southeastern Ontario .
The 21 homes on the lane are a mix of summer cottages and year - round residences .
A hand painted wood sign at the lane ’s entrance , put up years ago by a now dead resident , misspells Cosy with a “ z . ”
No one is bothered to change it .
“ I do n't think anything [ bad ] ever happened before this , ” said Ernestine Cole , who is in her 80s and has lived on Cosy Cove for two decades .
“ We used to call it Geritol Lane because it was full of old people . ”
Cole is alluding to a slew of home burglaries that began terrorizing the community during the past two years , culminating in the sexual assault of two women in their homes last fall — one on Cosy Cove Lane and the other one street away .
A woman was then murdered in a town south of Tweed last November , and another young woman was murdered just outside of the village in January .
Terror turned to dismay in February when Colonel Russell Williams was charged with the sexual assaults and murders .
On April 29 , he was hit with a further 82 charges involving break and enters and theft — much of it women ’s lingerie .
The fact that Williams was commanding officer of the biggest military airbase in Canada — CFB Trenton , about an hour ’s drive south of Tweed — turned the arrest into a major national news story .
No one was more stunned than the residents of Cosy Cove Lane : Williams was their neighbor .
He has owned the cottage at 62 Cosy Cove Lane since 2004 .
A decorated pilot , the 47 - year - old Williams used to head the squadron that flew VIPs , including the prime minister .
He was also commander of Camp Mirage , a secret air force staging base in Dubai that conducts assignments in Afghanistan .
But by the time he was made commanding officer of the biggest air base in Canada in July 2009 , police allege he had already broken into his neighbor ’s houses 58 times .
And more were to come .
Some break - ins occurred within walking distance of his Ottawa residence , which he shared with his wife , Mary Elizabeth Harriman , the executive director of the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada .
She was apparently ignorant of her husband ’s alleged double - life .
Other home burglaries were within walking distance of his Tweed cottage .
Included in the 82 break - and - enter charges is the home of Cpl. Marie - France Comeau , 38 , who worked under Williams ’ command at the Trenton base .
Williams is accused of stealing her personal belongings on Nov. 16 , 2009 — eight days before he allegedly killed her .
The chilling stalking pattern appears to have also occurred with a woman Williams is accused of sexually assaulting on Cosy Cove .
He is charged with breaking into her home twice — Sept. 24 and 26 last year , allegedly stealing her underwear — before she was attacked in her home on the 30th .
He is alleged to have blindfolded her , tied her up and cut off her clothes before sexually assaulting her .
The charges also suggest a compulsion to return to the scene of the crime .
He is accused of sexually assaulting a second Tweed woman on Sept. 17 , 2009 — then returning the very next night and again on the 22nd to steal personal belongings .
He is also charged with breaking into a Tweed neighbor ’s home nine times between April 2008 and August 2009 .
“ I feel very fortunate , ” said the woman who has lived in that home for five years .
“ A lot of other girls got it a lot worse than me . ”
All the while , Williams was conducting air force business , including meetings with the minister of defense and the military ’s chief of staff .
On Sept. 13 , he left on a 13 - hour flight aboard a Hercules aircraft from CFB Trenton to Canadian Forces Station Alert on Ellesmere Island , in Canada ’s Arctic .
The return flight left on Sept. 16 .
The next day , after attending to business at the Trenton base , Williams is accused of committing his second sexual assault .
His co-workers noticed nothing strange .
Neither did his Cosy Cove neighbors .
They would often see him photographing birds .
Before mowing the lawn , he would stomp around his yard to chase out frogs and spare them a horrible fate .
He would stroll around with his cat , Rosebud , slung over his shoulder .
And when his wife was at the cottage , they would be seen walking down the lane hand - in - hand .
Williams was arrested at a police roadblock , set up on the highway he took to get from the Trenton base to his cottage .
Reports say police matched his tires with the tread marks left in the snow around the house of the second murder victim .
He reportedly led police to the wooded area in Tweed where her body was dumped .
Since his arrest , he has twice appeared in court via video link from the detention center where he is being held .
He looked like a broken man .
His trial is weeks away .
According to one report , he recently tried to kill himself in his cell .
The headline of this story has been changed from its original version .
Riotous protesters marching at the G20 summit next month may be greeted with ear - splitting “ sound cannons , ” the latest Toronto police tool for quelling unruly crowds .
Toronto police have purchased four , long - range acoustic devices ( LRAD ) — often referred to as sound guns or sound cannons — for the upcoming June 26 - 27 summit , the Star has learned .
Purchased this month , the LRADs will become a permanent fixture in Toronto law enforcement , said police spokesperson Const .
Wendy Drummond .
“ They were purchased as part of the G20 budget process , ” Drummond said .
“ It ’s definitely going to be beneficial for us , not only in the G20 but in any future large gatherings . ”
Drummond stressed the devices will primarily be used by police as a “ communication tool . ”
The devices double as loudspeakers and can blast booming , directional messages or emergency notifications in 50 different languages ; Drummond said Toronto police have used one of the devices already while executing a search warrant this month .
But critics say they are really non-lethal weapons and infringe upon protester rights .
Originally designed for the U.S. Navy , LRADs can emit ear - blasting sounds so high in frequency they transcend normal thresholds of pain .
While they are used everywhere from Iraq to the high seas for repelling pirates , LRADs are being increasingly employed as a crowd - control device and at last year ’s G20 summit in Pittsburgh , police used them on protesters before deploying tear gas and stun grenades .
The acoustical devices can also be pointed at specific targets , transmitting a “ laser ” of sound that is less aggravating for anyone standing outside its beam .
Of Toronto ’s newly - acquired LRADs , three are handheld devices that can broadcast noise heard from 600 metres away .
Their volume can reach 135 decibels , which surpasses the pain threshold of 110 to 120 .
The fourth device is a larger model that can be mounted on vehicles or marine vessels and can generate noise reaching 143 decibels , audible from as far as 1500 metres .
To compare , a normal conversation measures at about 60 decibels .
The U.S. National Institute on Deafness says sustained noise above 85 decibels can cause permanent hearing damage .
Drummond acknowledges LRADs can cause permanent hearing damage if used improperly but says Toronto police are developing guidelines for deployment .
She said officers will also only use the device ’s “ alert ” function if crowds become riotous and will use the manufacturer ’s recommendation of firing short bursts , two to three seconds long .
“ The piercing sound would make someone stop in their tracks for a moment , ” she said .
“ Your instinct would be to cover your ears .
So rather than being violent , the tendency would be to stop the violence and protect your hearing . ”
While Drummond could n’t comment on how much the devices cost , they were purchased from B.C. - based Current Corporation , which sells LRADs at about $ 10,000 for the handheld models and about $ 25,000 for the larger ones , according to sales representative Don MacLeod .
MacLeod said his company trained police officers in Toronto on May 18 , sharing deployment guidelines that include shooting a narrower beam of noise in small spaces , since the sounds can bounce off building surfaces or cars .
He criticized irresponsible users of the LRAD , including Pittsburgh ’s use of the device last year when officers ran a continuous aural assault as opposed to the short bursts , which Current Corp. recommends .
But MacLeod defends the LRAD as an extremely valuable communication tool , used for everything from evacuation notices and hostage negotiations to riot control .
But Queen ’s University professor David Murakami Wood , an expert in surveillance , criticizes neutralizing euphemisms like “ communication tools .
He says LRADs should be considered potential weapons and large international summits can often be used as testing grounds for new police technologies or techniques .
“ They ’re being very disingenuous about what this is , ” he said .
“ It emits a sound that is in fact at frequency levels that can go way beyond what human beings can put up with in terms of pain and can be damaging . ”
For University of Toronto adjunct professor Peter Rosenthal , a lawyer who has participated in several trials involving Taser deployments , anything that can stun people or crowds should be considered dangerous .
“ Tasers were introduced and said to be totally benign but have now generally been recognized as dangerous weapons , ” he said .
“ To start using experimental weapons on people is really outrageous in my view . ”
Long range acoustic devices in use
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
• In November 2005 the crew of the Seabourn Spirit , a luxury cruise liner used an acoustical device to keep Somali pirates from boarding .
The pirates eventually turned back .
• At last year ’s G20 summit in Pittsburgh police used LRAD to disperse protesters .
It was the first use in North America .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/13/2010
No Ms. Tyree : The ' common misconception ' is that anti-gay evangelicals get to define civil reality
by Jeremy Hooper
Jenny
Tyree can't just disagree with Mrs. Bush , who this week came out for marriage equality .
Instead the Focus on the Family spokesperson has to put on the imperious costume that has both emboldened and weakened the anti-gay social conservatives over the past few decades , so that she can accuse the former first lady ( and LGBT activists ) of being unable to grasp the oh - so - complicated concept that is civil marriage .
Here 's a snip :
In a nutshell , she supports the redefinition of marriage , and believes it ’s something Americans could come to “ accept . ”
Her reasoning seems to be that because adults of the same sex are capable of loving relationship , that marriage should be redefined to include them .
This is the common misconception — that marriage is about adults and that fairness for them trumps the needs and rights of anyone else — specifically children .
Mrs. Bush did n’t mention anything about sex or children , and neither do the proponents of same - sex marriage .
But this is the whole point of marriage .
If you left children out of the equation , redefining marriage to suit all kinds of adult choices might make sense .
But the reality is that children are the heart and soul of the equation .
Ask yourself , would we even have marriage if children were n’t conceived heterosexually ?
Mrs. Bush , Larry King and SSM [ FOt F 's Drive Thru ]
How patronizing can you get ?
Here we are talking about a civil system that all Americans collectively support / embolden / share by virtue of their citizenship .
A system that is independent from the concept of reproduction , which is an obvious non-requirement for all couples , LGBT or S .
One that is independent from the ancillary ( even if oft - utilized ) notion of religious ceremony , something that is a certifiable choice for all couples ( unlike the civil licensing process , which is a requirement for any couple who wants to be married in the eyes of the law ) .
A marriage institution that 's defined by the reality of its participants and observers , not the convenient notions of one certain kind of believer .
And here we have Ms. Bush , a person who 's intimately familiar with the situation as the spouse of a man who will forever have his legacy shaped by public support for using the federal constitution as weapon against the fair and equal treatment of certain kinds of people .
The former FLOTUS is coming out for a system that equally accommodates the loving gay couples ( many of whom have children ) who desire this linkage between their love , their commitment , and their civil government .
It 's a case that pro-equality activists have more than ably demonstrated in various courts of law , and one that is reaching a critical mass in terms of both public opinion and legislative support .
A case that the opposing " protect marriage " crowd cannot possibly wage a campaign against without using personal faith views , in large part , and using fear about schools and other independent areas to shore up the rest of the votes needed to make up a bare majority .
A bare majority whose autocratic spirit ( even if most of this in ingrained into well - meaning citizens by misinformation from groups like FOtF ) flies in the face of the representative democracy / constitutional republic in which we the people are supposed to share .
Yet Jenny wipes away all of these realities by simplistically , condescendingly ( and we would suggest , disingenuously ) saying that those who disagree with her are admittedly religious - based views are working from a place of " misconception " ?
NO !
That is not okay !
Even a little bit !
An element like child rearing , one that is ( a ) non prescribed , and ( b ) still chosen by many gay couples as well , could never be an acceptable reason for denying these crucial family protections to those homes that feature same - gender heads .
It does n't take a rocket scientist to see that .
And as Laura Bush ( among others ) demonstrates :
It does n't take an atheist , Democrat , or " Northeastern liberal elite " either .
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Posted on May 29 , 2010 in Uncategorized
1 . Once you have their money … never give it back .
2 . Never pay more for an acquisition than you have to .
3 . Never allow family to stand in the way of opportunity .
4 . A man is only worth the sum of his possessions .
5 . Keep your ears open .
6. Small print leads to large risk .
7. Opportunity plus instinct equals profit .
8. Greed is eternal .
9 . Anything worth doing is worth doing for money .
10 .
A deal is a deal … until a better one comes along .
11 . A contract is a contract is a contract ( but only between conservatives ) .
12 . A conservative without profit is no conservative at all .
13 . Satisfaction is not guaranteed .
14 . Never place friendship above profit ( or morals , the law , or the public interest ) .
15 . A wise man can hear profit in the wind .
16 . Nothing is more important than your health–except for your money .
17 .
There ’s nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman .
18 . Never make fun of a conservatives mother … insult something he cares about instead .
19 .
It never hurts to suck up to the boss .
20 .
Peace is good for business .
21 . War is good for business .
22 . She can touch your penis but never your gold .
23 . Profit is its own reward .
24 . Never confuse wisdom with luck .
25 . Expand , or die .
26 . Do n’t trust a man wearing a better suit than your own .
27 .
The bigger the smile , the sharper the knife .
28 . Never ask when you can take .
29 .
Good customers are as rare as gold — treasure them .
30 .
There is no substitute for success .
31 . Free advice is seldom cheap .
32 . Keep your lies consistent .
33 .
The riskier the road , the greater the profit .
34 .
Win or lose , there ’s always whiskey .
35 .
Home is where the heart is … but the stars are made of gold .
36 . Every once in a while , declare peace .
It confuses the hell out of your enemies .
37 . Beware of the rationalists greed for knowledge .
38 . The flimsier the product , the higher the price .
39 .
Never let the competition know what you ’re thinking .
40 .
Ask not what your profits can do for you , but what you can do for your profits .
41 . Females and finances do n’t mix .
42 . Enough … is never enough .
43 .
Trust is the biggest liability of all .
44 . Nature decays , but gold lasts forever .
45 . Sleep can interfere with profit .
46 . Faith moves mountains … of inventory .
47 .
There is no honor in poverty .
48 . Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack .
49 .
Treat people in your debt like family … exploit them .
50 .
Never have sex with the boss ’s sister .
51 . Always have sex with the boss .
52 . You ca n’t free a fish from water .
53 .
Everything is for sale , even friendship .
54 .
Even a blind man can recognize the glow of gold .
55 . Wives serve , brothers inherit .
56 .
Only fools pay retail .
57 .
There ’s nothing wrong with charity … as long as it winds up in your pocket .
58 . Even in the worst of times someone turns a profit .
59 .
Know your enemies … but do business with them always .
60 .
Not even dishonesty can tarnish the shine of profit .
61 . Let others keep their reputation .
You keep their money .
62 . Never cheat a warrior … unless you ’re sure you can get away with it .
63 .
It ’s always good business to know about new customers before they walk in the door .
64 . The justification for profit is profit .
65 . Employees are rungs on the ladder of success .
Do n’t hesitate to step on them .
66 . Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach .
67 .
Always know what you ’re buying .
68 . Beware the man who does n’t make time for sexual favors .
69 .
Gold lasts longer than lust .
70 .
You ca n’t buy fate .
71 . Never be afraid to mislabel a product .
72 . More is good … all is better .
74 .
A wife is a luxury … a smart accountant is a necessity .
75 .
A wealthy man can afford anything except a conscience .
76 . Never allow doubt to tarnish your love of gold .
77 .
When in doubt , lie .
78 . Deep down everyone ’s a greedy conservative .
79 .
No good deed ever goes unpunished .
This is a guest post by Ole Ole Olson .
He is the Senior News Editor and Chief New Media Strategist for News Junkie Post .
The future of Society at Its Best !!!
Now I 'm a chick !
Gianni the gender - bending cockerel starts to lay eggs , baffling scientists
Gianni started life as a red - blooded cockerel and would often wake his Italian owners up crowing on his farm in Tuscany .
But when a fox raided Gianni 's enclosure and killed all of the hens inside , Gianni felt it was time for a change .
Within days the bird was laying eggs and trying to hatch them as he began his new life as a hen .
All change : Gianni the former rooster has taken to laying eggs and trying to hatch them
The sex - change chicken has baffled scientists at the UN's Farm and Agriculture Organisation , who are now planning to study Gianni's DNA to see what made him change .
An expert at the centre said : ' It may be a primitive species survival gene .
With all the females gone he could only ensure the future of his line by becoming female . '
Professor Donato Matassino , who will be leading tests on Gianni , said : ' This rooster - hen will be taken to the laboratories of Consdabi ( Consortium for the experimentation and application of innovative biotechniques ) for a series of behavioural and genetic tests .
' This will allow us to decipher this bizarre DNA mix up that appears to have literally given what looks like two chickens in one . '
Professor Donato said the cockerel - hen was transported by train to Naples where the laboratories are based .
EMBARGOED For Release : 10:00 a.m. , EDT , Wednesday , May 26 , 2010
Contact :
Dave Finley , Public Information Officer
Socorro , NM
( 575 ) 835-7302
dfinley@nrao.edu
Astronomers Discover Clue to Origin of Milky Way Gas Clouds
A surprising discovery that hydrogen gas clouds found in abundance in and above our Milky Way Galaxy have preferred locations has given astronomers a key clue about the origin of such clouds , which play an important part in galaxy evolution .
Artist 's conception shows Milky Way regions studied , with hydrogen clouds
more abundant in region above area where central bar merges with spiral arm .
Bright point at bottom center is location of our Solar System .
CREDIT : Bill Saxton , NRAO / AUI / NSF
JPEG File ( 389 KB ) TIFF File ( 10.4 MB )
" We 've concluded that these clouds are gas that has been blown away from the Galaxy 's plane by supernova explosions and the fierce winds from young stars in areas of intense star formation , " said H. Alyson Ford of the University of Michigan , whose Ph.D thesis research from Swinburne University formed the basis for this result .
The team , consisting of Ford and collaborators Felix J. Lockman , of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory ( NRAO ) , and Naomi Mclure - Griffiths of CSIRO Astronomy and Space Science , presented their findings to the American Astronomical Society 's meeting in Miami , Florida .
The astronomers studied gas clouds in two distinct regions of the Galaxy .
The clouds they studied are between 400 and 15,000 light - years outside the disk - like plane of the Galaxy .
The disk contains most of the Galaxy 's stars and gas , and is surrounded by a " halo " of gas more distant than the clouds the astronomers studied .
" These clouds were first detected with the National Science Foundation 's Robert C. Byrd Green Bank Telescope , and are quite puzzling .
They are in a transitional area between the disk and the halo , and their origin has been uncertain , " Lockman explained .
The research team used data from the Galactic All - Sky Survey , made with CSIRO 's Parkes radio telescope in Australia .
When the astronomers compared the observations of the two regions , they saw that one region contained three times as many hydrogen clouds as the other .
In addition , that region 's clouds are , on average , twice as far above the Galaxy 's plane .
The dramatic difference , they believe , is because the region with more clouds lies near the tip of the Galaxy 's central " bar , " where the bar merges with a major spiral arm .
This is an area of intense star formation , containing many young stars whose strong winds can propel gas away from the region .
The most massive stars also will explode as supernovae , blasting material outward .
In the other region they studied , star formation activity is more sparse .
" The properties of these clouds show clearly that they originated as part of the Milky Way 's disk , and are a major component of our Galaxy .
Understanding these clouds is important in understanding how material moves between the Galaxy 's disk and its halo , a critical process in the evolution of galaxies , " Lockman said .
The clouds consist of neutral hydrogen gas , with an average mass equal to that of about 700 Suns .
Their sizes vary greatly , but most are about 200 light - years across .
The astronomers studied about 650 such clouds in the two widely - separated regions of the Galaxy .
The Parkes Radio Telescope is part of the Australia Telescope , which is funded by the Commonwealth of Australia for operation as a National Facility managed by CSIRO .
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation , operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities , Inc .
Ever since Google announced its purchase of video codec company On2 in August 2009 , there 's been an expectation that On2's VP8 codec would someday be open - sourced and promoted as a new , open option for HTML5 video .
An open VP8 would offer comparable quality to H.264 , but without the patent and royalty encumbrances that codec suffers .
Last month , this speculation seemed confirmed , with inside sources claiming that Google would announce the open - sourcing of the VP8 codec this month at the company 's I /O conference .
Today , Google , Mozilla , and Opera announced the launch of the WebM Project .
The goal of the project is to develop a high - quality , open - source , royalty - free video format suitable for the Web .
WebM video files do indeed use VP8 for their video compression , coupled with Vorbis audio compression .
The video and audio data will be combined into container files that are based on the open - source Matroska container .
Forming an ecosystem
A host of other companies are also collaborating on the project .
Of particular importance are companies like AMD , ARM , NVIDIA , and Qualcomm .
Google is working with these companies to get WebM acceleration built into hardware on as broad a range of devices as possible ; having a broad range of GPU and embedded CPU manufacturers on board will greatly aid that effort .
Even without hardware acceleration , Google claims that low - end hardware will still perform well with WebM .
Nightly builds of Mozilla and Chromium ( the open source project used for development of Chrome ) will include WebM support starting today .
The Chrome early access release dev channel will include WebM support as of May 24 .
A beta of Opera with WebM support is also available .
WebM support in Android is expected in Q4 2010 , and Broadcom announced today that its motion video acceleration solution for mobile phones , VideoCore , should gain WebM support by Q3 2010 .
Adobe is also on board .
The company will incorporate WebM support into Flash , and Adobe CTO Kevin Lynch said that the company wants to deliver WebM support to " a billion " users within a year .
Flash support is particularly valuable , as it negates one of H.264's current practical advantages : the same compressed H.264 video can be served to users via both Flash and HTML5 video .
This allows sites to target non-Flash devices alongside Flash - enabled ones without having to encode their video files twice .
A browser that supports WebM content is n't much use if there 's no WebM content to play , and Google has that covered too .
Anyone opting into YouTube 's HTML5 front - end will be able to use WebM for video playback by appending " &webm=1 " to the URL .
For content creators , patches for the open source FFmpeg encoder / decoder were released today , as were filters for use with Microsoft 's DirectShow framework .
Installing these filters will enable WebM support in a wide range of audio / video applications on Windows , including Windows Media Player , as well as third - party software such as Media Player Classic .
Free and open
This latest development in the continuing saga of the HTML5 video codec will serve to muddy the waters yet further .
Apple has been squarely committed to H.264 since day one .
Microsoft announced last month that the HTML5 video support in Internet Explorer 9 would be H.264 and H.264 alone .
However , H.264 remains a problematic choice .
It 's covered by many patents , and any group shipping an H.264 decoder needs to pay a royalty to MPEG LA , the organization that provides a single point of access for all the ( known ) H.264 patent holders .
In addition to the royalty required for decoders , MPEG LA also reserves the right to demand a royalty payment for anyone using H.264 to produce Internet video .
Currently , MPEG LA has made this usage scenario free , but this decision will be re-evaluated in 2016 .
These issues — lack of freedom , patent encumbrance , and a potential royalty time - bomb — have led the Mozilla organization to refuse support for H.264 in Firefox .
Firefox instead supports
Theora , an open codec designed to be free of patent encumbrances , thereby avoiding the problems posed by H.264 .
However , Theora 's quality is noticeably inferior to that of H.264 , producing a worse picture for a given file size , and no one knows just how " unencumbered " the codec really is .
Opera has followed Mozilla 's lead , arguing that the openness of Theora , versus the relatively closed nature of H.264 , makes it the better choice .
Chrome supports both H.264 and Theora .
WebM 's licensing terms are generous .
The license is modeled on the widely used BSD license , which allows the source to be modified and incorporated into both open source and closed source programs .
It also contains a patent grant , giving anyone an irrevocable grant to use any patents that Google may hold that cover the codec .
Quality - wise , WebM probably is n't as good as H.264 , but it does n't really have to be : it 's a marked improvement over Theora , the only other reasonable free video option .
These terms , along with the freely available documentation and better - than - Theora quality , clearly make the codec acceptable to Firefox and Opera .
There is little risk of future royalties , and no impediment to the specification itself .
Convincing the skeptics
Though this project almost certainly advances the state of the art in open video codecs , it might not be enough to sway Microsoft and Apple .
Microsoft is probably the more easily convinced of the two ; Apple has long been pushing H.264 as the video codec to use ( no doubt influenced by H.264 's use of certain Apple technology ) .
Microsoft , in contrast , has never expressed a particular preference for any one codec .
Microsoft has said that Internet Explorer 9 will support WebM video on systems that have the codec installed , but unlike H.264 , it wo n't support WebM " out of the box , " so to speak .
The reason is that Microsoft is concerned that WebM will open it up to legal liability — that it infringes on patents and will hence be a lawsuit magnet .
Though the WebM project should be able to produce a suitable codec readily enough ( the Direct Show codec may already be adequate ; Media Foundation , the motion video API that Internet Explorer 9 uses , can load DirectShow codecs if it needs to ) , the lack of built - in support could be a significant stumbling block .
Microsoft sees H.264 as a kind of " safe bet . "
MPEG LA provides a single point of contact for all the companies owning relevant patents , and it offers simple licensing with the entire pool of patent holders ( rather than requiring implementers to obtain a license from each patent holder individually ) .
Moreover , H.264 is seen as less likely to be covered by other , as yet unknown patents .
If such patents are identified , the patent holders will be able to join the pool of companies and accumulate royalties that way .
This makes future lawsuits less likely .
Theora , in contrast , has no patent licensing pool , because its license purports to offer free usage for all the relevant patents irrevocably ( just as with WebM ) .
However , nobody really knows this for sure , and if Theora does indeed infringe on someone 's patents , anyone implementing the codec will be at risk of being on the wrong end of a lawsuit .
This is why that open source codec was never a viable option for Redmond .
But WebM is different .
Google is sure to have done its due diligence , both in the purchase of On2 and the subsequent work to release the codec as open source .
This arguably puts WebM in a stronger position than Theora ; if there were any obvious potential patent claims against VP8 , Google probably would n't have bought On2 in the first place .
Nonetheless , I think WebM 's position would be stronger still if Google would take the step — an admittedly risky step if there are indeed patent infringements within VP8 — of offering indemnification to any users or implementers of WebM .
This could open the company up to massive liability , but equally , it could cost essentially nothing while making WebM the safest codec option around , something sure to appeal to Microsoft .
Certainly , if Google indemnified users , Microsoft would no longer have any reason to not include built - in support for WebM in Internet Explorer 9 .
Built - in support is particularly important in the mobile space , where browser plugins and downloadable codecs are n't an option .
If a mobile browser does n't support WebM , there 's nothing Google can do to change that ( short of providing a whole new mobile browser ) .
As such , even if the separate codec is " good enough " for the desktop , more buy - in is needed from mobile vendors to enable WebM to be a truly universal standard .
Apple faces a similar problem , and due to the company 's commitment to H.264 , is likely to be even less keen to include support for the new codec .
Going nuclear
Google does have a nuclear option : restricting HTML5 usage of YouTube to WebM .
Though YouTube is not the only source of H.264 video on the Internet , it is one of the largest and most important .
A switch to WebM would leave users of Flash - less devices like the iPad high and dry , until they were updated to include the new codec .
Even without such measures , WebM is set to rapidly become the most widely supported standard for Web video .
Firefox and Chrome together command about 35 percent of the browser market , which gives them more share than all the current H.264 - supporting browsers together .
This certainly makes WebM a compelling option .
But until Microsoft and Apple commit to not only allowing use of the new codec , but actually including it , the long battle over which standard to use for Web video wo n't end soon .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The explosion may be caused by a heavier " thief " star stealing helium from its neighbour
Astronomers have put forward opposing explanations for what could be a new type of exploding star or supernova .
Supernova 2005E was initially picked up by telescopes back in 2005 and has been carefully examined by scientists .
They now report , in the journal Nature , that the explosion does not match known types of supernova .
In the same issue of the journal , however , another research team offers a different explanation for a very similar stellar phenomenon .
Until now , two main types of supernova had been documented .
The first ( type Ia ) is caused by the violent thermonuclear explosion of an old , dead star - or a white dwarf .
Type II supernovae are triggered when a young , massive star runs out of nuclear fuel and collapses under its own weight .
Our study has rescued the standard theory of stellar evolution
Professor Koji Kawabata
Hiroshima University
In this case , the researchers say that the amount of material hurled out from SN 2005E was too small for it to have come from an exploding young giant .
And its location - far from the busy " stellar nurseries " where new stars form - suggested that this was an older star that had had time to move away from its birthplace .
The material being blasted into space by SN 2005E also contained unusually high levels of the elements calcium and titanium .
Dr Hagai Perets , who led the study , began his examination of the strange supernova whilst working at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel .
He is now based at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Massachusetts , US , and said : " It was clear that we were seeing a new type of supernova . "
But another research team , led by Professor Koji Kawabata from Hiroshima University in Japan examined a supernova called SN 2005 cz , which had very similar properties .
Professor Kawabata and his team argued that this event was in fact a collapsing giant .
" These properties are best explained by a core - collapse supernova at the low - mass end of the range of massive stars that explode , " he and his colleagues wrote in their paper .
They say that this star represents a boundary between stars that end their lives with a gigantic supernova explosion and those that do not explode .
" Our study has rescued the standard theory of stellar evolution , " said Professor Kawabata .
" This supernova was faint and gone quickly , [ which ] is probably a main reason why we have not [ seen ] this kind of supernova before " .
Thief star Practically every chemical element in the Universe , other than hydrogen and helium , is made in stars
Dr Mark Sullivan , Oxford University Dr Perets ' team carried out simulations that revealed the strange event appeared to involve two stars - a pair of white dwarves - and that one of them was " stealing helium " from the other .
They suggested that , once the mass of accumulated helium reached a critical point , the thief star became very hot and dense and a nuclear explosion occurred , producing other elements , such as calcium and titanium .
" The donor star is probably completely destroyed in the process , but we 're not quite sure about the fate of the thief star , " said Dr Avishay Gal - Yam , also from the Harvard - Smithsonian Center .
Mark Sullivan , an astronomer from the University of Oxford in the UK , said the possibility of a new class of supernova was " very exciting " .
" We 've known about the two main types of supernovae for decades , so to find something different , and with a new explosion mechanism , obviously changes our view of the way that stars explode and chemical elements get recycled , " he told BBC News .
He continued : " Practically every chemical element in the Universe , other than hydrogen and helium , is made in stars . "
Dr Sullivan explained that the only way for these elements to get from the stars in which they are made into us is when they get recycled in supernova explosions .
" A new type of supernova explosion gives us new insights into how some of these elements get recycled and end up in our Solar System , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jennifer Knapp is a Dove Award - winning Christian folk rock musician .
She is best known for her first hit single " Undo Me " from her debut album Kansas ( 1998 ) , and the song " A Little More " from her Grammy Award - nominated album Lay It Down ( 2000 ) .
Her last studio release , The Way I Am ( 2001 ) , was also nominated for a Grammy .
In total , her albums have altogether sold approximately 1 million copies .
She recently revealed to Reuters that she is a lesbian .
Many homosexuals are devout Christians – which is something I find trouble understanding .
Here , I am not talking about those that are Christian and are in denial of their sexual orientation – I am talking about those that have actually embraced their orientation wholeheartedly , are happy with it ( possibly even in committed long - term relationships ) , and are still believing and practicing Christians .
( An example might be Val Kalende , a prominent Ugandan LGBT activist , who is not only a Christian , but also serves as a minister , regularly taking her place on the worship team at her church . )
Yahweh , the ‘ God ’ of Judaism and Christianity is believed ( by those that belong to those faiths ) to be on record to have said the following :
" Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman ; that is detestable .
Leviticus 18:22
put to death ; their blood will be on their own heads . ”
" If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman , both of them have done what is detestable .
They must be ; their blood will be on their own heads . ”
Leviticus 20:13
You ’d think the last thing gays would want to do is to grovel at the feet of a deity who detests what they do and wants them dead for just being who they are .
Now , I do not in any way believe that Yahweh or any kind of ‘ God ’ exists .
But suppose , hypothetically , that Yahweh actually existed .
Even so , it would be impossible for me to respect it , worship it , or grovel at its feet .
I would proudly raise my head and call it a barbaric moron .
I agree with Dawkins who famously said :
“ The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction : jealous and proud of it ; petty , unjust , unforgiving , control freak ; a vindictive , bloodthirsty , ethnic cleanser ; a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genocidal , filicidal , pestilential , megalomaniacal , sadomasochistic , capriciously malevent bully . "
Indeed .
OK , back to Jennifer Knapp .
For now , it remains unclear how the Christian community is going to react to her revelation about her orientation .
She ’s fortunate though – if she was alive 3,000 years ago record sales would have been the least of her worries :
Wait … the book of Leviticus only talks about gay men only , right ?
Not so fast , you evil lesbians !
Paul wrote in Romans 1:25 - 32 :
They exchanged the truth of God for a lie , and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator — who is forever praised .
Amen .
Because of this , God gave them over to shameful lusts .
Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones .
In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another .
Men committed indecent acts with other men , and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion .
Furthermore , since they did not think it worthwhile to retain the knowledge of God , he gave them over to a depraved mind , to do what ought not to be done .
They have become filled with every kind of wickedness , evil , greed and depravity .
They are full of envy , murder , strife , deceit and malice .
They are gossips , slanderers , God-haters , insolent , arrogant and boastful ; they invent ways of doing evil ; they disobey their parents ; they are senseless , faithless , heartless , ruthless .
Although they know God ’s righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death , they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them .
So it would appear that not even lesbians will be spared from the wrath of Yahweh .
Ouch .
Burn , baby , buuuuurrrnnn !!
Ugandans have been quite happy to use the above verses ( and many others in the Bible ) in their intended context to discriminate against gays and lesbians – their intolerance epitomised by attempts to introduce one of the most draconian pieces of legislation ever drafted in recent memory .
The question is – why do many gays and lesbians continue holding to a religion , and worshipping a deity , that not only despises them , but explicitly instructs others to despise them also ?
I do n’t get it .
Chuck DeVore
Party : Republican .
Occupation : California Assemblyman
Age : 48 , born in Seattle
Advertisement
City of residence : Irvine
Personal : wife Diane DeVore , two daughters .
Education : Bachelor of arts degree , strategic studies , Claremont McKenna College .
Career highlights : U.S. Army Reserve and California National Guard , 1983 - 2007 , retiring as a lieutenant colonel ; Pentagon congressional liaison for Reagan administration , 1986 - 88 ; Vice President of Communications and Research for Newport Beach - based aerospace company SM&A , 1991 - 2004 ; California assemblyman , 2005 to present .
Advertisement
Platform : Favors offshore oil drilling along California coast and development of modern nuclear power plants ; opposes amnesty and government benefits for illegal immigrants ; opposes federal stimulus package ; opposes abortion ; promises to oppose confirmation of “ liberal judges . ”
Campaign website : https://www.chuckdevore.com
> Thinking tattoos are something that people get only to show others
All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective parties .
Images uploaded are the responsibility of the Poster .
Comments are owned by the Poster .
In an orgy of collective punishment the Greek police unleashed a brutal attack on Exarcheia , after the end of yesterday 's protest march , destroying shops and social centres , evacuating a squat at gunpoint and brutalising the locals .
The police brutality seen on the streets of Exarcheia last evening after the end of the general strike protest march in Athens has been unprecedented and casts serious doubts on the nature of the present regime in Greece which is casting away its democratic veil to expose itself as what it really is : the continuation of the colonel 's junta .
After the end of the protest march hundreds of riot and motorised policemen stormed Exarcheia , the down - town neighborhood of Athens associated with radical politics since the start of the 20th century .
The police proceeded to brutalise bystanders and people drinking their coffee in the area , while smashing up Exarcheia square 's traditional coffee house , despite the fact that it was filled with customers .
The video of the police wanton violence can be seen here :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkQ4YsRlFxI&feature=player_embedded
The locals did not hesitate to heckle the police thugs chanting " junta - junta " and " SS SS " .
In response the cops retaliated by beating anyone on their way and even invading a block of apartments .
According to Ioanna Manoushaka ( see photo ) she was standing on the front door of the block shouting at the cops that they have made life in the neighborhood unbearable when policemen attacked her with globs breaking her arm and teeth .
She then run up the stairs and locked herself in her apartment , but the riot policemen followed her and tried to smash the door for five minutes , while her and her husband , a well known composer , barricaded themselves .
Shouting " tonight we will fuck you " , the police then proceeded to invade and smash the Social Centre ( Haunt of Immigrants ) of Diktio , the " Network of Social and Civil Rights " , a left - wing group with many decades of action against state terrorism .
According to the announcement of the Diktio , " The government of the IMF and of the junta of the market is trying to exploit the criminal act on the bank and impose a regime of terror in the country .
The orgy of police - rule by means of chemical warfare and mass beatings reached its climax this evening in Exarcheia " .
At the same time strong police forces surrounded the anarchist squat at Zaimi street above the Polytechneio and proceeded to invade and evacuate it at gunpoint .
Reports that the policemen actually shot in the air during the evacuation are not verified .
All people inside were arrested .
The practice of collective retaliation to yesterday 's popular resistance to the measures is a method characteristic of the Nazi- collaborating government of the 1940s , justifying the now common name shouted at policemen " german - tsoliades " ( the death squad brigade of ' tsoliades ' under quisling orders )
In his Christmas Day 2009 column for the Korea Times , Michael Breen decided to lampoon such national newsmakers as President Lee Myung - bak and the pop idol Rain .
FOR THE RECORD :
South Korean lawsuit :
An article in Monday ’s Section A on a defamation lawsuit filed by Samsung Electronics against the writer of a column in the Korea Times said that Sisa
In magazine reported in November 2007 that a former lawmaker had told it she received a golf bag from Samsung containing about $ 10,000 in cash .
The report was published in 2008 , and the bag allegedly contained $ 100,000 , according to the magazine . —
Headlined “ What People Got for Christmas , ” the English - language column also poked fun at global technology giant Samsung Electronics , referring to past bribery scandals as well as perceptions that its leaders are arrogant .
The piece was meant as a satirical spoof , the columnist says , but Samsung was n’t laughing .
Breen ’s column ran as local media reported that President Lee would soon pardon Samsung Chairman Lee Kun -hee on a 2008 conviction for tax evasion .
Chairman Lee , 68 , had already received a federal pardon in the 1990s on a conviction for bribing two former presidents while he was with the firm .
On Dec. 29 , the day of Lee ’s pardon , Samsung sued the freelance columnist , the newspaper and its top editor for $ 1 million , claiming damage to its reputation and potential earnings .
After the Korea Times ran clarifications , the newspaper and its editor were dropped from the suit .
But Samsung continues to pursue Breen personally for libel , both civilly and on criminal charges that he intentionally libeled the company .
If convicted , he faces a hefty fine and even jail time .
“ The reason I ’m being sued is that the beast roared , ” said Breen , 57 , a British native and longtime social commentator and South Korean resident who wrote a 1998 book on South Korea ’s modern history .
In its suit , Samsung said the column used a “ mocking tone ” to add “ baseless , malicious and offensive false information to criticize ” the firm .
After Samsung complained , the paper ran two clarifications , one of which Breen says he was told by editors was written by Samsung .
Legal experts here say the case underscores the considerable power wielded in South Korean society by such mammoth corporate conglomerates , known as chaebols , which are dominated by top officials , often related , who are treated here as near - royalty .
In a nation where reporters are often discouraged from highlighting chaebol transgressions , some say Samsung ’s pursuit of Breen is intended as a warning .
The message : Even when joking , do n’t mess with the chaebols .
“ In South Korea , it ’s considered taboo to criticize the chaebols , ” said Kim Ky- won , professor of economics at Korea National Open University .
“ They hold very close to absolute power . ”
Most critical stories run in smaller media less dependent on ads from big companies .
Major media reports are mostly limited to breaking news of prosecutions of chaebol leaders but seldom probe deeper , critics say .
“ Samsung has financial power over the press .
They ’re their own sanctuary where no one can intervene or criticize them , ” said Kim Keon - ho , an official at the Citizens ’ Coalition for Economic Justice .
Breen , who now owns a Seoul public relations firm and wrote “ The Koreans : Who They Are , What They Want , Where Their Future Lies , ” also pens occasional newspaper columns in English and Korean .
The Christmas Day column imagined what gifts public figures in the news might send .
“ I wanted to give people a laugh at Christmas , ” Breen said .
“ One of the prices of being a public figure is to be the occasional butt of a joke . ”
One item read that Samsung had sent to all employees photographs of the son of the firm ’s chairman with instructions for hanging the photo next to one of his father — an allusion to North Korea ’s Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il .
Breen also wrote that Samsung , “ the rock upon which the Korean economy rests , sent traditional year - end cards offering best wishes for 2010 to the country ’s politicians , prosecutors and journalists along with [ $ 50,000 ] gift certificates . ”
Samsung said the comments go beyond the definition of satire allowed under South Korean law .
The lawsuit refers to Breen as a Korean “ specialist ” with wide - ranging influence .
Since 80 % of its revenues are from overseas , the firm is sensitive to any “ minor accident or mistake ” that could adversely affect its international reputation , the suit said .
“ Even though anyone who read or heard of this article knows that this is not true , they can mention this as a joke , which can be spread easily , so its damage is very serious , ” the lawsuit read .
In South Korea , experts say , “ Saturday Night Live " - style satire is not a common form of humor .
Additionally , both South Korean civil and criminal codes regarding defamation are stricter than in many other countries , including the U.S. , said Brendon Carr , an American attorney who practices in Seoul .
“ In South Korea , injury to one ’s reputation is the key element , not the truth , ” he said .
“ The fact that a statement is true is not an absolute defense .
Satire is not a defense .
That ’s different from the American definition .
America is a free speech society , whereas Korea is not .
It has historically been a ‘ sit down and shut up ’ society . ”
Punishment here is tougher if the statement is not true .
“ But you ’re punished in all cases for revealing things that injure someone ’s reputation , ” Carr said .
“ If you say , ‘ Look out for Jim .
He ’s a crook .
He swindled me , ’ that ’s a crime in South Korea .
And people use it .
Defamation may be the No. 1 criminal complaint here . ”
In the U.S. , a person can be held liable for defamation against a public figure or company only if the statements are false and uttered maliciously .
“ Breen ’s background is as a columnist writing for an English - speaking audience with liberal attitudes toward permissible speech , ” Carr said .
“ Where he ran into trouble is when he tweaked a Korean organization that decided to use the legal tools they would use against any Korean . ”
In recent years , the local news media have published several reports of people alleging that Samsung offered them money .
In 2008 , Sisa
In magazine reported that a former lawmaker told it that she received an unusual campaign contribution from Samsung : a golf bag containing thousands of dollars in cash .
She returned it .
FOR THE RECORD :
An earlier version of this article gave the date that the Sisa In report appeared as November 2007 and the figure as $ 10,000 in cash .
The correct date is 2008 and the correct figure is thousands of dollars .
Samsung Chairman
Lee was most recently pardoned on a tax evasion conviction for having hidden hundreds of millions of dollars in aides ’ bank accounts .
The day after Breen ’s column ran , the Korea Times ran a short front - page clarification , acknowledging that the “ column was misleading . ”
About a month later , the editors contacted him with a second clarification they said was written by Samsung officials , Breen said .
The newspaper initially represented him in its effort to settle the matter , but he has since been left to defend himself , he said .
The newspaper declined to comment on the case .
Breen says he has been advised to just apologize to Samsung .
“ But in all conscience , I do n’t know whom to apologize to and what I ’d be apologizing for , ” he said .
“ Anyway , since when do the rich and powerful get to determine what ’s funny ? ”
john.glionna@latimes.com
Getting menubars out of application windows …
Today at the Maverick Ubuntu Developer Summit ( UDS ) I gave a quick demonstration of a project I have been working on for the next Kubuntu version .
It is a DBusMenu - based implementation of a global application menu .
This is a feature which was in KDE 3.x but has not yet been ported to 4.x .
Here is a screenshot of Dolphin running with its menu embedded in a Plasma panel .
The nice thing about this implementation is that it takes advantage of DBusMenu : GTK +- based applications running on a KDE desktop will be able to get their menubars displayed in the Plasma panel .
Same thing for KDE applications running on the GNOME desktop .
My colleagues are busy finishing the GTK + implementation right now .
The Plasma Menubar widget also features a “ Button form factor ” .
Enabling it turns the menubar into a “ Menu ” button , saving a lot of space in the panel .
This makes it possible to pack both the Menubar and the Taskbar widgets in the same panel like this :
This is quite handy for Netbooks .
I have been using my laptop with this setup recently and I find it nice to work with .
The cost of the extra - click to get to the menu items does not bother me for now .
Finally , here is a short screencast of the menubar in action :
ogv version
This is implemented as a patch for Qt. Right now the code is quite experimental , misses a few features and crashes when it feels like it .
It should thus be considered a proof - of - concept implementation .
If you feel adventurous , you can install the patched Qt version as well as the Menubar widget from my PPA the Unity PPA .
The Menubar widget is hosted on Launchpad .
I have n’t uploaded the Qt patch yet but it can be found in the source Qt package in the PPA .
I have to warn you it ’s quite ugly , though : it currently embeds a hacked - up version of dbusmenu - qt inside Qt itself .
Luckily
Qt developers joined us at UDS , so we should get this solved in a cleaner way .
One of the papers I 've been slowly rereading since summer began is " Functional Programming with Bananas , Lenses , Envelopes and Barbed Wire " , by Erik Meijer , Maarten Fokkinga and Ross Paterson .
If you want to know what {cata , ana , hylo , para}morphisms are , this is the paper to read : section 2 gives a highly readable formulation of these morphisms for the beloved linked list .
Last time , however , my eyes got a little bit glassy when they started discussing algebraic data types , despite having used and defined them in Haskell ; part of me felt inundated in a sea of triangles , circles and squiggles , and by the time they reached the laws for the basic combinators , I might as well have said , " It 's all math to me ! "
A closer reading revealed that , actually , all of these algebraic operators can be written out in plain Haskell , and for someone who has been working with Haskell for a little bit of time , this can provide a smoother ( albeit more verbose ) reading .
Thus , I present this translation guide .
Type operators .
By convention , types are on the left and a , b , c... on the right .
We distinguish these from function operators , though the paper does not and relies on convention to distinguish between the two .
Bifunctor t => t a b Functor f => f a [ a ] ( d , d ' ) Either d d' Identity Const d ( Functor f , Functor g ) => g ( f a ) ( Bifunctor t , Functor f , Functor g ) =>
Lift t f g a ()
( For the pedantic , you need to add Hask Hask Hask to the end of all the Bifunctors . )
Function operators .
By convention , functions are on the left and f :: a -> b , g :: a ' -> b ' , h... on the right ( with types unified as appropriate ) .
bimap f g :: Bifunctor t => t a a ' -> t b b ' fmap f :: Functor f => f a -> f b f *** g :: ( a , a ' ) -> ( b , b ' ) where f *** g = \( x , x ' ) -> ( f x , g x ' ) fst :: ( a , b ) -> a snd :: ( a , b ) -> b f &&& g :: a -> ( b , b ' ) -- a = a ' where f &&& g = \x -> ( f x , g x ) double :: a -> ( a , a ) where double x = ( x , x ) asum f g :: Either a a ' ->
Either b b' where asum f g ( Left x ) = Left ( f x ) asum f g ( Right y ) = Right ( g y ) Left :: a ->
Either a b Right :: b ->
Either a b either f g :: Either a a ' -> b -- b = b ' extract x :: a where extract ( Left x ) = x extract ( Right x ) = x ( f --> g ) h = g . h . f (-->) :: ( a' -> a ) -> ( b -> b' ) -> ( a -> b ) -> a ' -> b' ( g <-- f ) h = g . h . f (<--) :: ( b -> b' ) -> ( a' -> a ) -> ( a -> b ) -> a ' -> b' ( g <-*- f ) h = g . fmap h .
f (<-*-) :: Functor f => ( f b -> b' ) -> ( a ' -> f a ) -> ( a -> b ) -> a ' -> b ' id f :: a -> b const id f :: a -> a ( fmap . fmap ) x const ( ) fix f
Now , let 's look at the abides law :
Translated into Haskell , this states :
either ( f &&& g ) ( h &&& j ) = ( either f h ) &&& ( either g j )
Asked by Ms. Maddow if a private business had the right to refuse to serve black people , Mr. Paul replied , “ Yes . ”
Image Republican U.S. Senate candidate Rand Paul at his campaign headquarters on Wednesday .
Credit ... Ed Reinke / Associated Press
“ I ’m not in favor of any discrimination of any form , ” Mr. Paul continued .
“ I would never belong to any club that excluded anybody for race .
We still do have private clubs in America that can discriminate based on race .
But I think what ’s important about this debate is not written into any specific ‘ gotcha ’ on this , but asking the question : what about freedom of speech ?
Should we limit speech from people we find abhorrent ?
Should we limit racists from speaking ? ”
“ I do n’t want to be associated with those people , ” he said , “ but I also do n’t want to limit their speech in any way in the sense that we tolerate boorish and uncivilized behavior because that ’s one of the things freedom requires is that we allow people to be boorish and uncivilized , but that does n’t mean we approve of it . ”
While those views reflect the libertarian philosophy that Mr. Paul and many Tea Party members have embraced , they are politically treacherous for someone making an appeal to the electorate at large , as Mr. Paul learned as he struggled with questions about whether he thought the government had a role in regulating food safety and working conditions .
Congressional Republicans were peppered with questions about Mr. Paul ’s position on civil rights .
“ I just want to be on the record that I believe the Interstate Commerce Clause was properly used by the courts and the Congress to make sure that when you travel in this country you ca n’t be denied food and lodging based on your race , ” Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said .
“ That is not a big heavy lift for me . ”
Mr. Paul ’s father , Representative Ron Paul , a Texas Republican who ran for president in 2008 , angrily defended his son , saying he was being treated unfairly .
“ I think there ’s a lot of resentment because he became a star , ” said Mr. Paul , who ran for president in 2008 .
Democratic leaders have long said that they viewed Mr. Paul as the weaker of the two major candidates in the Republican primary — the other was Trey Grayson , the secretary of state — because , they said , his views would not be embraced by the general electorate as they were by primary voters .
That view was shared by many establishment Republicans , as reflected by the fact that Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the minority leader , did not support him in the primary .
The Preakness : Last year I went to the Preakness and I was looking forward to witnessing the infamous infield party that I had heard so much about .
I was told it was extremely wild .
I had heard about port - o - can races in which people raced across the top of the portable bathrooms lined up in areas of the infield .
What I learned was that , not only did people race , but spectators routinely threw beer cans at the racers in a make - shift game of a shooting gallery .
When I got to the infield , it was very sparsely attended .
Apparently local officials felt that the infield , which was said to have reached numbers of 60,000 , was too wild .
Last year , they disallowed attendees from bringing their own beer .
Infield tickets were priced at $ 50 .
I thought that I saw a pack of cigarettes priced at $ 10 .
One blogger claims that there were specials of $ 1 pints of beer available , but I tend to recall witnessesing something closer to the Washington Post ’s story that asserted beer was sold at $ 3.50 for a 16 oz beer .
They had concerts all during the races with some bands that I did not know .
There was a big stage with huge monitors pointed away from the main grandstands and away from the VIP tenst set up adjacent to the front stretch on the infield .
ZZ
Top was the headliner in the afternoon .
I think I got the treat of seeing the “ little old band from Texas ” with about 200 other people .
Beyond the dearth of people , what else that was interesting was that how the grandstands could barely hear anything that was going out over the speakers .
Attendance was down 31 % .
I believe that the number at Pimlico was about 77,000 whereas in 2008 the attendance number was about 112 , 000 .
So , this year they are modifying the policy .
Infield goers still can’t bring their own beer , but the ticket price has been lowered to $ 40 .
Also , the Washington DC NBC affiliate reports that revelers will be permitted to drink all the beer that they want after purchasing a mug for $ 20 .
You can also bring in picnic lunches .
Sorry , no thermoses .
They are also going for bands that might be more attractive to younger patrons with the Maryland band O.A.R. as well as a country music entry , Grammy Award winners the Zac Brown Band .
The story ends with a Pimlico official as saying that ticket sales are outpacing last year .
That in itself should n’t be too difficult .
The real question is how much higher is the sales pace ?
This blog claims that “ Sanity reigns at the Preakness . ”
The organizers hope that sanity still reigns on the infield because , in spite of the liberalized pricing policy , they still have rules at Pimlico .
Regardless of where you are at Pimlico to see if Calvin Borel can win the second leg of the Triple Crown , the weather will be outstanding .
Preakness Stakes 2010 Weather Forecast for Pimlico :
The general pattern of disturbed weather is mainly for the Midwest and part of the Ohio Valley as there is a big trof that will be slowly moving west to east and little waves of energy will be ejecting from the Southern Plains to the Northeast .
As the trof moves East , the shower activity will move with it .
However , the shortwave energy will not be rounding about as the mean trof approaches the Mid-Atlantic .
Hence , while scattered showers and t’storm will be possible for Thursday and Friday with Friday being the best chance for thunderstorms around the track , I see nothing in the data that suggest much of severe weather .
The main storm track will be well to the Northeast such that the risk for severe weather will be in the Ohio Valley and points North for Thursday into Thursday night .
The front eases through Baltimore on Saturday morning , probably before daybreak .
From that point forth , high pressure will be building in with drier air filtering in .
The NAM vertical profile suggests that in the early to mid afternoon there may be a relatively thin cloud deck at 5000 feet .
The GFS also has a layer of higher moisture at that level but does not indicate a solid deck .
Guess here is that it ’s partly cloudy at best .
The high continues to build in throughout the day on Saturday from the Northwest .
I would think that there might be a breeze from the the North and then Northeast with relatively low humidity .
Preakness post time temperatures will be running in the mid 70’s .
While there will be a risk for rain on Thursday and Friday , I see nothing that suggests anything overly excessive and the drying trend on Saturday I would think would result in a relatively fast track , certainly nothing like the mud that we saw at the Kentucky Derby .
Final hint : Bet Big , Win Big .
Buniaks dynamic animal assignment .
Little bit of a rush job for me , but i think it turned out all right .
Though the jpeg lost some of the coloring , but you get the point .
I gave up on waiting for the tiff to load .
Anyway , you should see the picture of the kid i used for reference .
Probably the spawn of the devil .
This is him : [ link ]
You can better measure Harryhausen ’s legacy in the number of admirers he has in the Hollywood establishment .
The teenage Peter Jackson loved The 7th Voyage of Sinbad so much that he smuggled a tape recorder into a showing of the film .
He would listen back to the recording as he lay in bed at night .
At age seven , James Cameron was terrified by the skeletons in Jason and the Argonauts , and years later he would create his own malevolent skeleton in the form of the Terminator .
Avatar
A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home .
AMD Knows How To Play Its Hand
I have two statements to make , and while some folks will feel compelled to argue the finer points and focus on specific exceptions , I think that they hold up quite well :
Intel has a notable lead when it comes to the highest available CPU performance for the consumer PC , and ...
AMD has a notable lead when it comes to budget CPU price / performance value .
We 're almost halfway through 2010 , and Intel dropped the Gulftown hexa - core bombshell on us a few months ago .
If you 've seen the benchmarks , you know that when it comes to well - threaded applications there 's not much competition for the Core i7-980X Extreme .
You also know that there 's no comparably priced ~ $ 1,000 CPU from AMD , a company that offers its top - of - the - line six - core Phenom II X6 1090T CPU to the public for about $ 310 .
Actually , there 's not much competition for this CPU from Intel either , as the - 980X is the lone hexa - core consumer desktop processor in its lineup .
AMD , on the other hand , does sell a lower - priced six - core option , the $ 205 Phenom II X6 1055T .
Once you duck under the $ 200 mark , AMD and Intel both offer compelling competition .
At the $ 125 price point , Intel 's Core i3 -530 and AMD 's Athlon II X4 635 go head - to - head .
These two processors give us a good match - up , with the Core i3 employing a newer , more efficient 32 nm process and two physical cores enhanced by Hyper - Threading technology , while the Athlon II X4 proffers a quartet of execution cores and a relatively high stock clock rate .
AMD hits the hardest at $ 125 and less .
The company offers a number of sub -$ 110 models that are simply uncontested by Intel : the $ 100 Athlon II X4 630 is another quad - core CPU priced very aggressively for the budget - conscious workstation users and multitaskers .
Under $ 90 , there 's the Athlon II X3 440 with a combination of three CPU cores and a high 3 GHz clock speed , ideal for budget gaming rigs and snappy desktop productivity .
And under $ 80 , a buyer can have an Athlon II X2 255 , with two CPU cores running at 3.1 GHz ( fast enough for a relatively - quick desktop tasked with Web surfing and a majority of other mainstream apps ) .
AMD also has a solid upgrade path in place .
Socket AM2 + boards have been available since the beginning of 2008 , yet the brand - new Phenom II X6 processors will work in many of these platforms , so long as the manufacturers support them in a BIOS update .
As convoluted as the AM2 / AM2+/ AM3 socket interfaces seemed at their introduction , the strategy is undeniably a boon to the folks who do n't want to have to buy a new board every time they upgrade .
While Intel has moved between LGA 775 , 1366 , and 1156 , the AM2 + user has had the option to employ anything from the now - ancient Sempron to the Core i7 contender , Phenom II X6 .
Of course , we 're not saying that Intel has nothing to be proud of ; the technology crown is a very splendid thing to wear .
And it would be irresponsible to ignore LGA 1156's attractive upgrade path from the lowly Pentium G6950 to the Core i5 - 750 to the Core i7 860 and 870-- CPUs that can certainly compete with AMD 's top - of - the - line Phenom II X6 in a great number of applications .
The point is that AMD is making the best of its current hand , and doing a fair job at competing with Intel 's lineup using compelling prices .
Even more to the point , AMD is keeping the pressure on by releasing a whole new lineup of Athlon II CPUs today .
The best part is that all of these new , faster models will adopt the same price points as their predecessors .
Nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu , released in 2004 after 18 years in prison for leaking Israeli nuclear secrets , began serving an additional 3 - month sentence on Sunday for refusing to carry out court - mandated community service .
Open gallery view Nuclear whistle - blower Mordechai Vanunu Credit : Eli Tasma
" I survived 18 years - I could survive another six , " Vanunu called out outside the Jerusalem District Court .
" Are you trying to discipline me ?
You can not take my freedom of expression away "
" Freedom is freedom .
You wo n't get from me in three months what you did n't get in 18 years , " he added .
He warned that the Shin Bet security service " controls the prisons " and that they will try to torture him psychologically , the same way they did the last time he was incarcerated .
" Shame on you Israel , " he continued .
" The stupid Shin Bet and Mossad spies are putting me back in prison after 24 years of speaking nothing but the truth .
Shame on you democracy , the Knesset , synagogues and the world media .
Shame on you all the Arabs that are allowing me to be put back in prison .
Shame on you Senate , congress , and the chairman of the International Atomic Energy Agency for not protecting my freedom .
Shame on you all the world 's religions , the stupid spies , the Jews , Christians and Muslims .
" Everyone knows that Israel has nuclear weapons , " he went on to say , " but no one is talking about it The world does n't want nuclear weapons – not in Israel , not in the Middle East and not anywhere in the world . "
A panel of High Court Judges returned the 56 - year - old Moroccan - born Israeli to jail after he failed to fulfill a community service order , punishment for breaching his parole terms by contacting foreigners without authorization .
The former nuclear technician had asked to be assigned community duties in Arab - majority East Jerusalem after claiming he risked attack by angry Israelis , many of whom see him as a traitor , in the city 's Jewish - populated west .
When Jin Cheng
Yu asked his father to come with him to Oakland for a quick shopping trip , Tian Sheng Yu was hesitant .
Oakland is dangerous , the San Francisco resident said .
The younger Yu reassured his 59 - year - old father that downtown Oakland , where the jewelry shop they planned to visit is located , was safe .
On Friday , however , it was where the elder Yu suffered a beating from which he never recovered .
Yu died Tuesday , four days after he was knocked to the ground on Telegraph Avenue when he confronted two young men who had sucker - punched his son moments earlier .
His relatives ' sobs could be heard in his room at Highland Hospital when doctors removed him from life support , friends said .
His death came the same day police announced the arrests of two 18 - year - old suspects , both of whom have arrest records as juveniles for robbery .
Lavonte Drummer and Dominic Davis of Oakland were identified with the help of numerous tipsters , many of whom were outraged by the attack on the 1800 block of Telegraph Avenue , police said .
Widow 's words
Just hours after her husband 's death , Zhi Rui Wang , 56 , her face etched with pain , thanked police , the media and the community at the Oakland Asian Cultural Center in the city 's Chinatown at a gathering that was originally scheduled to support her husband .
The meeting instead became a focal point for people to rally against violence , especially attacks on minorities and the elderly .
" Even though my husband is gone , I will be strong , because I want us to join together to make sure that this wo n't happen to another family , " Wang said in Mandarin to the crowd of several hundred people .
Among those in attendance were Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley and members of the City Council .
' The best father '
Yu emigrated from China with his family in 1998 and ran a painting and remodeling business .
Wang described him as " a nice person , nice to everybody , " who had a good sense of humor and was always happy .
" I 'm very sad now , " she said .
Jin Cheng
Yu , 27 , reached by phone Tuesday afternoon , said he hoped the attackers are " punished very seriously . "
" I miss my father so much , " he said .
" He was the best father . "
Carl Chan , an Oakland Chinatown organizer who has been working with Yu's family , said of the son , " I know he 's still blaming himself for asking his father to come to the city of Oakland to shop with him .
" I told them it really is not your fault , " said Chan , who recounted the last moments of the elder Yu's life from conversations he had with the family .
Men held without bail
Yu , he said , was doing what " any father would do " when he confronted the two assailants and asked them why they had punched his son in the face .
The men turned on the father , knocking him to the pavement and beating him , before walking away .
Yu never regained consciousness and died at 11:27 a.m. Tuesday .
Davis and Drummer are each being held without bail on suspicion of murder .
Alameda County prosecutors will decide whether to file charges .
Drummer turned himself in about 5 p.m. Monday at Oakland police headquarters after a member of the clergy contacted investigators about his surrender , said Lt. Brian Medeiros of the homicide detail .
His family could not be reached for comment ; a woman 's voice on his voice mail described him as her husband .
Davis was arrested by Oakland police as he rode a bike near Carleton and Sacramento streets in Berkeley at about 7:50 p.m. Monday .
Davis , who turned 18 on Saturday , the day after the attack , did n't give up immediately but cooperated once he was stopped , police said .
" He knew he was on video , that he was on the news , " Medeiros said .
Video that police released over the weekend shows two young men walking on the street near the time of the attack ; investigators described them as the suspects .
Police said Tuesday that they have another video that shows the actual assault .
Many called in tips
" We had numerous people who called and gave us information that led us to the capture of these suspects , and I 'd like to applaud this community , " Police Chief Anthony Batts said at a news conference .
" There is no room in a civilized society for this kind of maddening , violent assault upon human beings , " said Mayor Ron Dellums , who joined police officials at the news conference .
" It should be beyond us as people . "
By Glenn Odebralski for floridapanthers.com
It was an impressive first game for the defending Mastercard Memorial Cup champs .
Playing in their second straight Memorial Cup , Windsor opened the 2010 tournament in dominating fashion , posting a 9 - 3 victory over the tournament hosts Brandon Wheat Kings .
The game pitted both of Panthers prospects with forward Scott Timmins ( two goals , assist , plus - three ) getting the better of defenseman Colby Robak ( minus - three ) .
Windsor found the back of the net early and often on the way to the win .
After top draft pick in the 2010 NHL draft Taylor Hall was sent face first into the boards off a hit from Travis Hamonic less than a minute in , Windsor got going .
And that was in large part due to the turnover .
A turnover in the neutral zone and Zach Kassian found Kenny Ryan on two - on - one break .
Ryan beat Andrew Hayes 2:01 in .
Another turnover , this time in the Brandon zone and Scott Timmins found himself wide open in front of the net for his 12th goal of the playoffs 3:25 in .
Then on a delayed penalty call , Adam Henrique took the puck up the ice and went five - hole on a rush from the left side at the 4:27 mark .
Hall then got in on the action with a nifty goal as he went between his legs and around a defenseman just 18 seconds later , giving Windsor four goals in a span of 2:44 .
Hall scored his second straight on a Windsor power play with 1:37 remaining in the first as he found a rebound and blasted past Hayes .
After five goals in the opening period , Brandon would make a change in goal , putting Jacob De Serres to start the second .
It did n't seem to matter who was in goal as Windsor was able to score at will .
The Spitfires scored 1:15 in off another turnover when Henrique shot it high past De Serres for his second of the night .
5:32 later it was Timmins who netted his second of the game as he let one rip from the slot after Eric Wellwood circled from behind the net and fed him with the pass .
Dale Mitchell made it 7 - 0 with 5:11 left in the second .
Brandon finally showed some life when Aaron Lewadriuk scored on a rush with Toni Rajala the very next play , eight seconds after .
Kassian would score to close out the scoring in the second with a power play goal with 3:39 left , putting Windsor up 9 - 1 .
" We know they 're a good team at home , " said Timmins on Roger Sportsnet in a second intermission interview .
" I think they lost like five games ( at home ) all year , so we wanted to take their crowd out of it early .
Nine - one is kind of unexpected , but we 'll take it .
" Brandon was able to gather themselves and take some positives out of the game for their next game as they scored the only two goals in the third period .
Matt Calvert scored 35 seconds in while John Fehr found the back of the net with 6:32 remaining to make it a final 9 - 3 score .
RECKLESS , flashy and chaotic sums up the general view of Italian governments as well as the popular image of the country 's drivers .
It is hardly surprising that the two are so similar according to Renato Brunetta , Italy 's minister for public administration .
He reckons that the country runs a fleet of 629,000 official cars , ten times the number in similar European countries and 50,000 more than just a couple of years ago .
The official fleet includes top - of - the - range Maseratis to ferry senior officials around Rome .
Italy 's domestic carmakers , which are starting to recover after a tough time , will be hoping that this particular government - efficiency drive goes no further .
AP / Shutterstock
Show full PR text
BT Agrees commercial partnership and investment with OnLive Inc .
BT has entered into a commercial partnership with OnLive Inc. , a Silicon Valley based , cloud computing video gaming business , which gives BT exclusive rights to bundle the OnLive® Game Service with broadband in the UK .
In conjunction with the commercial partnership , BT has taken a 2.6 per cent shareholding in OnLive Inc .
The revolutionary OnLive® Game Service is a new way to purchase and play video games , which are streamed over the internet , using video compression technology , so the customer can just connect and play .
There is no need to wait for games to be downloaded , they run instantly .
It delivers the latest games from many of the world 's leading publishers direct to a customer 's TV , PC or Mac .
OnLive works over a wired broadband connection and customers do not need high specification computers to use the service as the complex processing work is done at remote data centres .
OnLive unveiled their service in March 2009 after seven years in development and it officially launches in the US this summer following a successful beta trial .
BT will announce further details about its launch plans later this year .
The move by BT into cloud gaming enhances what the company already offers in the entertainment area with BT Vision its on - demand digital TV service .
Gavin Patterson , CEO of BT Retail , said : " Entertainment is going to be at the heart of what we offer customers in the future .
The partnership with OnLive complements our existing BT Vision service .
It 's great for our customers - they 'll have access to a huge catalogue of games , available instantly on their TV or PC without expensive hardware .
And it 's great for BT - it will enhance our premium broadband position and we 'll be entering into a market that 's worth more than £ 2 billion . "
Steve Perlman , CEO of OnLive , said : " The UK market is extremely important to OnLive and our videogame publishing partners as we expand into Europe .
We view BT as the ideal UK partner .
As gamers are moving increasingly to online game distribution , OnLive delivers video games as a pure form of online media , playable instantly on almost any video - capable device attached to the internet .
The implications are nothing short of transformative to video games and in time , all interactive media .
OnLive is delighted to be pioneering this revolutionary technology in the UK together with BT " .
Enquiries about this news release should be made to the BT Group Newsroom on its 24 - hour number : 020 7356 5369 .
From outside the UK dial + 44 20 7356 5369 .
A beer geek is often the first person to consume a new craft brewer ’s beer .
A beer geek can be a home - brewer , a beer blogger , a beer cicerone , a beer snob , all of the above , none of the above .
If you are reading this , you are most likely a beer geek .
Most of the feedback a craft brewer receives is from beer geeks .
Beer geeks are at brewery events , at festivals , at tastings , at beer dinners , volunteering , talking your ear off , and so forth .
It seems like beer geeks are everywhere .
Unfortunate for brewers , beer geeks are not everywhere .
Unfortunately for brewers , the beer geeks are only a small fraction of total beer consumers .
This is not a total loss .
Beer geeks go out of their way to try a new or local beer .
They have many social ties like home - brewer clubs , tasting clubs , blogs , magazines , and chat rooms .
The best thing about beer geeks is they are passionate about beer and are constantly talking beer with friends , many of whom happen to be macro - beer drinkers .
Depending on the craft brewery ’s size and styles of beer brewed , you may need this connection to the macro - beer drinker .
Why ?
As I see it , the macro - brewers are losing market share and the craft brewers are gaining market share , so these macro - beer drinkers are , in sense , up for grabs .
Sooner or later , a macro - beer drinker will have a gateway - craft - beer experience .
I believe beer geeks are one of the leading factors in causing a macro - beer drinker ’s gateway - craft - beer experience .
Sooner or later , their enthusiasm rubs off on you and the next thing you know , you ’re sitting at a beer bar ordering something goofy .
And just maybe you like it .
That ’s kind of how my gateway experience transformed me from macro - beer drinker to beer geek .
I used to seek out the on - sale beer , now I seek the new beer , the what - have n’t - I - tried beer and the what - did - so - and - so recommend beer .
As a fellow beer geek , I do my share of promoting craft beer .
In a recent conversation with a macro - beer drinking friend about how Miller High Life Light taste like water compared to Miller Lite , I recommended comparing Miller Lite to New Glarus Spotted Cow Ale .
Another friend asked for advice on some different sour ales .
I recommend some to her that I like .
Some she liked .
Others she described as , “ It taste like feet , sweaty feet that have been stomping on cherries and I ’m licking them . ”
Either her experience was n’t that bad or she has a foot - fetish as she continues to try more sour ales .
Beer geeks may not be everywhere .
But they ’re there when you need them .
* personal best for the distance
In Midst of Recession
Game sales in hobby stores were up from 5 to 10 % in 2009 despite hte worst economy in generations , according to a report in the new issue of Internal Correspondence ( # 70 ) .
The growth was driven by a huge resurgence in Magic : The Gathering Sales and by board game sales up by double digit percentages .
Yu - Gi-Oh ! and the return of HeroClix also helped support improved sales .
Non-collectible miniature sales were down a little , and RPG sales were down around 10 % in 2009 .
Reports in the issue also cover the new environment at mass , in which Magic : The Gathering is a major player , the specific market trends of Q4 , along with the Top Properties for four types of games for the period .
We also contrast and compare the three comebacks that drove sales in 2009 — Magic : The Gathering , Yu - Gi- Oh ! , and HeroClix .
For the lists of the bestselling Collectible Games in the hobby channel , in the mass channel , and over - all , click here .
For the bestselling board , card , and family games in the hobby channel , click here .
For the bestselling RPGs in the hobby market , click here .
For the bestselling non-collectible miniature games in the hobby channel , click here .
Our Pick Hits , the game titles we believe have the best chance for success in Q2 , top off the issue .
This article is a departure from previous ones , as it ’s aimed to other developers , hobbyists , and curious people .
It ’s a technical article , some kind of “ behind the scenes ” .
The goal of this article is not to be theoretical or generalist , there ’s already plenty of these on the Web .
I will rather talk about our experience with scripting languages .
How it works at D2P Games
We made the early choice to use Lua as a scripting language .
That was n’t a very difficult choice , there ’s a lot of good solutions available and Lua is really well suited for video games .
It ’s used in a lot of commercial games and is fast , robust and well documented .
I already used Lua for some years and I did n’t find any good reason to use something else .
The addition of Luabind was a huge time saver , as it takes care of the binding for us .
So how do we use Lua ?
We use it for almost everything !
We have a C++ codebase , based on SFML and OpenGL .
This codebase is very , very low level .
It provides a set of functions like “ LoadImage ” , “ DrawImage ” , “ PlaySound ” , etc .
The implementation is object - oriented , but the final interface is not .
Resources are handled using simple numbers passed across the different functions .
It really eases the binding with Lua .
So if the C++ engine provides only low level functions , we need to implement ALL the game logic in Lua .
There are pros and cons .
The advantages
Productivity .
We are only three people working two days per week , every gain in development time is welcomed .
We do n’t want to lose time with memory management , header / implementation separation , etc .
It keeps compilation times away from us : we just need to change the code , then relaunch the game .
No time wasted waiting , it ’s really useful when you want to quickly change some parameters to try some of your ideas .
Getting rid of large amounts of code is also easier because you spent less time to write it .
No more “ I wo n’t rewrite this part because it took me so long to write in the first place ” , just press delete and move on to the next task .
.
We are only three people working two days per week , every gain in development time is welcomed .
We do n’t want to lose time with memory management , header / implementation separation , etc .
It keeps compilation times away from us : we just need to change the code , then relaunch the game .
No time wasted waiting , it ’s really useful when you want to quickly change some parameters to try some of your ideas .
Getting rid of large amounts of code is also easier because you spent less time to write it .
No more “ I wo n’t rewrite this part because it took me so long to write in the first place ” , just press delete and move on to the next task .
It allow us to be messy .
Yes , it may sounds like a strange advice .
I ’m sure all your teachers have told you not to write messy code but to do careful planning , draw UML diagrams and bla bla bla blaaa …
But in the end , you have to get the job done .
The good programmer is not the one that follows all the guidelines , but the one that ships his product with all the planned features , no critical bug , and in time .
The only real and universal advice that can apply for programmers is : “ choose the right tools for the job ” .
It also works with methodology and processes .
We follow an iterating process , similar to agile methods : the goal is to get a working version as soon as possible , and then keep on iterating on it , adding ( or removing ) features .
This way , planning our code or documenting it is very time consuming , it would slow us down too much .
Considering 90 % of the code will be refactored anyway , it just does n’t worth it .
Do n’t get me wrong , you still have to follow some internal guidelines and write readable code with comments and meaningful variables ’ names .
I ’m just saying you do n’t have to bother with strict OOP principles : keep it simple and working .
And do it quickly .
The only real and universal advice that can apply for programmers is : “ choose the right tools for the job ” .
It also works with methodology and processes .
We follow an iterating process , similar to : the goal is to get a working version as soon as possible , and then keep on iterating on it , adding ( or removing ) features .
This way , planning our code or documenting it is very time consuming , it would slow us down too much .
Considering 90 % of the code will be refactored anyway , it just does n’t worth it .
Do n’t get me wrong , you still have to follow some internal guidelines and write readable code with comments and meaningful variables ’ names .
I ’m just saying you do n’t have to bother with strict OOP principles : keep it simple and working .
And do it quickly .
Scripting languages are simple .
With few features and verbose syntax .
Learning them should n’t be a problem for a designer with no prior technical background .
Though it ’s not the case for us as we are three computer - science students with some affinity for programming .
The inconveniences
It may not be obvious but the dynamic aspect of these languages makes them hard to debug : all the errors are going to be runtime errors .
If you passed the arguments in the wrong order , you wo n’t know until this specific code is executed , which may be a rare scenario .
It ’s vital to test the game often , and fully .
Otherwise you will be like “ argh , the game crashed , but do n’t worry it ’s nothing , I will fix it right now ” during a playtest ( true story by the way ) .
It may be okay for a playtest , but it ’s unacceptable for a public release .
: all the errors are going to be runtime errors .
If you passed the arguments in the wrong order , you wo n’t know until this specific code is executed , which may be a rare scenario .
It ’s vital to test the game often , and fully .
Otherwise you will be like “ argh , the game crashed , but do n’t worry it ’s nothing , I will fix it right now ” during a playtest ( true story by the way ) .
It may be okay for a playtest , but it ’s unacceptable for a public release .
The topic of performances is often debated .
The only truth is that it depends of the game .
We experienced performance issues with Reckless Squad , but it ’s a real - time strategy game , with a lot of units that need to run relatively - complicated AI and this lead to a huge CPU charge .
Moving the pathfinding ( A* ) and neighbor units queries from Lua to C++ did help a lot to solve those problems .
But do n’t do it until you ’re really sure it ’s your bottleneck .
Trying to optimize too early is generally a bad idea .
Lessons learned
Reckless Squad is still far from being finished , but we already learned some important lessons .
The first one is that using a scripting language has advantages that far outweigh the inconveniences .
So it ’s worth it .
.
The second one is that you should keep your binding layer thin .
Make your C++ code higher level if you need to , but expose the fewest functions possible to the scripting language .
.
Make your C++ code higher level if you need to , but expose the fewest functions possible to the scripting language .
Finally , be very careful about what you do , because the flexibility of the scripting languages made them harder to debug .
Share on Twitter
By Lauren Duffy
SDUN Columnist
Tomme Arthur leads a double life .
As the co-founder of and director of brewery operations for Port Brewing and The Lost Abbey , Arthur oversees two distinct craft beer lines .
On the one hand , he pursues bold , boundary - pushing West Coast–style beers under the Port Brewing label .
This takes his tenure as head brewer at Pizza Port Solana Beach a step further with familiar beers such as the Wipeout IPA and Hop - 15 and special releases such as the fresh - hop High Tide IPA and Midnight Sessions , a smoky black lager .
On the other hand , he runs The Lost Abbey .
The Lost Abbey is a delightfully creative concept , a traditional Belgian brewery without a Belgian home .
Under the label , Arthur creates modern - day versions of classic abbey ales , marrying centuries - old techniques with his inventive twist .
Arthur describes his approach as flavor - driven .
“ We do a lot of tasting and sampling , ” he explains , which often leads him to “ come across malt and yeast flavors that we want to capture . ”
These flavors become a launching point – each Lost Abbey beer has a central characteristic around which the rest of the recipe is then built .
In the four years since Lost Abbey was formed , this approach has lead to such outstanding creations as Lost and Found , a beer brewed with caramelized raisin purée , and Gift of the Magi , a holiday beer brewed with frankincense and myrrh .
But these are just a starting point .
While many of The Lost Abbey beers are available in bottles year - round or seasonally , Arthur is most renowned for his special releases – small batch beers aged in oak barrels , fermented with wild yeasts or blended in small batches , some only available at the brewery itself .
To dive into Lost Abbey beers is to travel on an exciting journey , where each bottle is a different adventure along the way .
Even choosing a bottle is an experience , for each beer carries its own back - story .
Next time you spot the abbey - like arch gracing a 750 - ml bottle , take some time to inspect the artwork and read the story on the label .
“ You might not understand the IBUs , or the technical aspects of the beer , but the story is the important part , ” Arthur says .
“ The story is what you ’ll remember . ”
Avant Garde
Avant Garde is Lost Abbey ’s answer to a Biere de Garde , an ale meant for “ keeping . ”
Driven by the flavor of bread fresh from the oven , this is a beer that is smooth , chewy and comforting .
The near - opaque tan hue comes from custom - toasted malt that was roasted in small batches in pizza ovens .
Hops play a supporting role ; prominent are flavors of honey , toast , and flowers .
If you are looking for an introduction to Lost Abbey beers , Avant Garde is an excellent starting point – Arthur designed this beer to be a “ pathway to the artistry and impressionism ” that shape Lost Abbey ’s approach .
Carnevale
This annual spring release recently hit shelves , and is a quintessential example of the Lost Abbey style .
This twist on the traditional saison incorporates West Coast hops ; wild , unruly yeast and a mix of oats , wheat and barley .
The first whiff is heady and distinctly yeasty – characteristic of the wild yeast strain used .
The first sip brings crisp , light flavors of wheat and oats , which give way to mild , sweet , tangy fruit .
The finish is moist and refreshing – this is a wonderfully balanced beer that is easy to drink yet full of complexity .
Angel ’s Share
The Lost Abbey / Port Brewing has a growing collection of more than 600 bourbon and brandy barrels that they use to age beer ; a good portion of them are devoted to Angel ’s Share .
This annual release is aged for a year in French oak , producing a strong , dark ale , nearly pitch black in color and full of dark coffee , chocolate and vanilla notes .
It varies slightly from year to year – in 2009 , it was aged in brandy barrels ; the 2010 release was aged in Heaven Hill bourbon barrels .
Both are still available at some stores , which makes for a wonderful vertical tasting opportunity .
Open this 375 ml bottle after a rich dinner – enjoy it on its own or pair with a rich chocolate dessert .
Where to find Lost Abbey beers
A wide selection of Lost Abbey bottles are distributed to the following bottle shops :
Super Jr. Market , 1036 7th Ave. , Downtown , bestdamnbeershop.com
Clem ’s Bottle House , 4100 Adams Ave. , Kensington , clemsbhouse.com
Serv-All Liquor , 1279 University Ave. , Hillcrest
A few for the craft beer calendar
May 16 : The annual North Park Festival of the Arts will feature a Craft Beer Block as part of the daylong festivities .
For $ 25 ( $ 30 at the door ) , sample eight beers and enjoy five tastes of food from area restaurants .
From noon to 6 p.m. on Ohio Street .
More at northparkmainstreet.com .
May 17 - 23 : A handful of craft beer establishments are celebrating American Craft Beer Week with special offerings .
On May 18 , Small Bar will have nine “ classic American IPAs ” and will offer half pours for $ 2.50 .
If the words “ Union Jack , ” “ Sculpin , ” “ Idiot , ” “ Ranger ” and “ 90 Minutes ” entice you , head on over .
On May 18 , Blind Lady Ale House will unveil Firestone Walker ’s Parabola , a much - anticipated barrel - aged Russian imperial stout ( also served May 19 at Pizza Port Carlsbad ) .
And Stone Brewing is devoting all 32 taps in its bistro to Southern California craft beers all week .
More at americancraftbeerweek.org .
May 22 - 23 : If you ’re up for a short jaunt to Anaheim , May 22 is the Bruery ’s second anniversary .
The two - year old brewery is celebrating with four three - hour sessions – each which will allow guests to sample 10 of some of the Bruery ’s standard as well as most unique beers .
Tickets are $ 40 and available at brueryprovisions.com .
June 4 - 5 : Once again , it ’s time for the Real Ale Festival at Pizza Port Carlsbad .
Real ale , or cask - conditioned ale , is served through a traditional hand pump without using carbonation .
This festival features 45 cask - conditioned beers , and $ 25 gets you eight taster tickets and an imperial pint glass .
Plan ahead , as this event often sells out .
More at pizzaport.com .
Time magazine ’s Joe Klein recently appeared on a Sunday news show where he accused Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin of " sedition " because of their criticisms of the Obama administration ’s expenditure of trillions of dollars of corporate welfare in the form of bailouts ; its Soviet - style nationalization of automobile , banking , student loan , and mortgage industries ; its historically wild spending and borrowing binge ; its forcing of socialized medicine down our throats in the face of overwhelming public opposition ; and its plans to tax American capitalism into bankruptcy .
Anyone who criticizes such things should be thrown into the Gulag , says Klein .
Another talking head on the same television show as Klein screeched that Rush Limbaugh should also be indicted for " sedition " for the crime of criticizing King Obama .
Hamiltonu2019s Curse : ... Thomas J. Dilorenzo Best Price : $ 3.92 Buy New $ 8.25 ( as of 05:55 EST - Details )
Sedition , Joe Klein informed us ( reading off of a napkin ) , is a threat to " the authority of the state . "
But the key question is : authority to do what ?
Does the American state have unlimited " authority " to do everything and anything the Marxist in the White House , the former senator from ACORN , can dream up ?
If they can nationalize automobile companies , banks , and the healthcare industry , do they also have the " authority " to nationalize the grocery industry , home building , steel manufacturing , and everything else ?
Joe Klein obviously believes so .
In so doing , he supports the " authority " of a totalitarian state .
Opposing totalitarian government is " sedition " according to Joe Klein and his fellow network " news " show talking heads .
Lincoln Unmasked : What ...
Thomas J. Dilorenzo Best Price : $ 5.95 Buy New $ 9.85 ( as of 07:10 EST - Details )
The original design of the American government was that the only " authority " the central government was to have was powers delegated to it by the free , independent , and sovereign states in Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution .
All others are the responsibility of the people , respectively , and the states , according to the Tenth Amendment , which Thomas Jefferson considered to be the cornerstone of the document .
These powers were delegated to the central government for the benefit of the sovereign states , who appointed the central government as their agent — mostly for issues regarding war and foreign policy — by adopting the Constitution .
That ’s why treason is defined by the U.S. Constitution in Article 3 , Section 3 , as follows : " Treason against the United States , shall consist only in waging War against them , or adhering to their Enemies , and giving them Aid and Comfort . . . "
As in all the founding documents , " United States " is in the plural , signifying that the free and independent states were united in delegating certain enumerated powers for their own mutual benefit .
Thus , " waging War against them " means the states .
Waging war against the free and independent states is what constitutes treason under the U.S. Constitution .
That ’s why Lincoln ’s invasion of the Southern states was the very definition of Treason .
The Real Lincoln : A Ne ... Dilorenzo , Thomas J. Best Price : $ 4.25 Buy New $ 7.48 ( as of 07:05 EST - Details )
As I wrote in The Real Lincoln , the one unequivocal good that came of Lincoln ’s war was the abolition of slavery .
But the worst thing that came of it — the thing that was the real purpose of the war — was the centralization of virtually all political power in Washington , D.C. , and the essential death of the Jeffersonian system of states ’ rights or federalism that was the essence of the pre-war Constitution .
After 1865 , the federal government became the sole decision maker with regard to the limits of its own powers .
It exercised this decision - making power through the federal judiciary and , as the Jeffersonians had always warned , it eventually declared that there were , in fact , no limits to its powers .
It did n’t take long for the federal government to declare the idea of natural rights , the bedrock of the Jeffersonian philosophy of government , to be null and void .
It did this by adopting the income tax in 1913 , along with the creation of the vast legalized counterfeiting scheme known as the Federal Reserve .
The income tax effectively declares that all earned income is the property of the state , and that the state will inform us from time to time how much of our own income we may keep to live on by setting the income tax rates .
The Fed and the income tax made it possible for the government to finance a limitless explosion of statism just four years later with American entry into the wordwide disaster of World War I , which led to the most destructively bloody century in all of human history .
How Capitalism Saved A... Dilorenzo , Thomas J. Best Price : $ 2.18 Buy New $ 7.37 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
The income tax and the Fed finally centralized all political power in Washington , as it became trivially easy for the central state to conscript millions of men for its wars , spend mind - boggling sums on things like a welfare state and the nationalization of education that have no constitutional authority whatsoever , and to easily bribe any state government that voices the least bit of dissent by threatening to withdraw federal grants to the state .
More than half of the American population is bribed and manipulated in a similar manner today as recipients of myriad federal subsidies .
By the 1930s the central state was sick and tired of what it considered to be contemptible constitutional arguments that limited the size and scope of government .
FDR condemned the Constitution as the irrelevant scribblings of a lost generation , and advocated massive socialistic government intervention whereby the government would magically " guarantee " everyone a high - paying job , high food prices for farmers , a " decent home , " all the medical care you could want , freedom from fear of old age , sickness , and accidents , and of course , state - funded education .
This was the essence of FDR ’s childish wish list of an " economic bill of rights . "
Of course , government cannot promise anyone anything without also confiscating the income of someone else to pay for it .
Nor can it " guarantee " any of FDR ’s pie - in - the - sky wish list unless the laws of economics are repealed , which of course they can never be .
The Constitution in Ex ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 3.49 Buy New $ 9.98 ( as of 06:15 EST - Details )
Since states ’ rights had been obliterated by Lincoln ’s war , there was no longer any effective opposition to totalitarian - minded political hacks like FDR .
He appointed enough Supreme Court judges to create a situation that , by 1937 , the Court was prepared to reverse generations of prior decisions that attempted to enforce the Constitutional constraints on government .
And they succeeded : According to Andrew Napolitano , author of The Constitution in Exile , not a single federal law was ruled unconstitutional between 1937 and 1995 .
The legal scholar Bernard Siegan made the same point in Economic Liberties and the Constitution .
For more than seventy years , Americans have lived under a judicial dictatorship that rubber - stamps all expansions of federal power , no matter how at odds they may be with the Constitution itself .
The body of " constitutional law " that has developed during this time is nothing more than a bundle of tongue - twisting legalese designed to subvert and destroy any lasting vestiges of constitutional limitations on the powers of the central state .
In short , the government in Washington , D.C. has not been a government by consent since 1865 .
In response to the declaration by American citizens residing in the Southern states in 1860 — 61 that they no longer consented to being governed by Washington , D.C. , the U.S. government waged war on the entire civilian population of the South , killing some 350,000 fellow American citizens , which is more Americans than died in all other wars combined .
This number includes at least 50,000 civilians .
On top of that , Southern cities and towns were burned to the ground , bombed , and plundered .
The plundering continued for a decade after the war during the laughingly named " reconstruction " period .
Economic Liberties and ...
Siegan , Bernard H. Best Price : $ 39.93 Buy New $ 42.77 ( as of 01:45 EST - Details )
Americans — especially conservatives — delude themselves when they express the view that it might be possible to restore constitutional government .
How would this happen ?
Who would enforce the Constitution ?
Why would the federal government ever give up its monopoly of constitutional interpretation and return to the pre-1865 world where all three branches of government were often given equal weight in constitutional interpretation , as well as the citizens of the free , independent and sovereign states ?
The central state murdered hundreds of thousands of its own citizens in order to achieve this monopoly status , and it will never just give it up .
It is the Washington establishment , which includes its media lapdogs like Joe Klein , that is guilty of sedition .
The legitimate " authority " of the state is spelled out in the U.S. Constitution .
It is the Washington establishment that has abandoned that legitimate authority and granted to itself essentially unlimited powers .
Therefore , there can be nothing more patriotic and " American " than opposing everything the central state proposes doing that would expand its scope and powers in any way .
Without any kind of constitutional constraints or meaningful citizen control , the federal government is nothing more than another criminal gang , as Murray Rothbard often said .
The fact that it is a very large gang does not make it any more legitimate .
The TEA Party protesters and all others who oppose the oppression of the central state should ignore the puerile rantings of the Joe Kleins of the world and remind themselves of what Thomas Jefferson wrote in the Declaration of Independence when he said that men
are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . —
That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government . . . ( emphasis added ) .
" TEA Party " activists claim that they are Taxed Enough Already .
That ’s not good enough .
If they took their own rhetoric about constitutional government seriously , they would recognize that what is needed is at least a 90 percent reduction in federal taxes , not merely being satisfied with being taxed " enough already . "
Since such a tax reduction is not likely to be achieved with the cooperation of the Washington establishment , no matter who is elected president , the only real prospect for success is to take seriously the words of Thomas Jefferson , author of America ’s Declaration of Secession from the British Empire , and organize numerous peaceful secession movements .
Let them have their ACORN / Democratic Socialists of America - inspired , socialist utopia on the Potomac .
The rest of us can watch with great amusement as they ruin their small society , impoverish themselves , and turn it into a Third - World swamp , which is what Washington , D.C. started out as several hundred years ago .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
And this new proprietary “ Lost ” obsession grew symbiotically with things like mainstream entertainment blogs ( and their comments sections ) and Twitter , until now there is a vast body of shared commentary and speculation that often seems to overshadow the show itself .
Why bother writing fan fiction when you can feel as if you had a hand in the real thing ?
It ’s clear that the rise of “ Lost ” geekdom has encouraged fans , and critics who should know better , to celebrate the mythology  the least important element of the show , from a dramatic standpoint  while glossing over things like pacing , structure , camerawork and acting .
( With a few exceptions , notably Terry O’Quinn , as Locke , and Henry Ian Cusick , as Desmond , the performances have been undistinguished since the first season , which may have as much to do with the conception of the characters as with the actors themselves . )
And while we ca n’t know what ’s in the minds of the executive producers Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof , they ’ve devoted a lot of screen time in Season 6 to providing the fans with answers ( when they have n’t been introducing new questions ) .
Some fans , though , might have been happy to make do with fewer answers if it meant they could have a simpler , easier to follow , more exciting final season .
In fact , the scenes set in Los Angeles in the alternate timeline Mr. Cuse and Mr. Lindelof concocted for this season  blasted by the commentariat because they have n’t yet yielded up their secrets  have been more stylish and interesting to watch than the island scenes that have focused on resolving the outstanding plot points .
Among the best evidence that something new is happening with “ Lost ” is the fact that so many people , if their online comments are true , will be willing to change their judgment of the entire series based solely on how well the final two - and - a - half - hour episode satisfies their need for answers .
Forget the first 119 hours  if you do n’t tell me what happened to Walt , none of it will have mattered .
Similarly revealing is the carping over whether Mr. Cuse and Mr. Lindelof knew from the start where they were going to take their story .
It ’s a meaningless question with regard to evaluating the show  all that matters is what they have actually put on screen .
But that would mean paying attention to the show itself , rather than your feelings about the show .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , May 20 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Twitter Attack Posted by Mikko @ 11:37 GMT
There 's another malware run underway on Twitter .
A fairly large pool of fake accounts are sending out messages with popular hashtags and the text " haha this is the funniest video ive ever seen " .
People see these messages when they look for trending topics in Twitter .
The shortlinks in the Tweets point to a compromised page , which uses a Java exploit to drop a keylogger / banking trojan combo to your system .
The attack is unusually easy to follow by just looking at the source code of the page .
Take a look at this :
F - Secure Anti-virus blocks access to the malicious pages and detects both the malicious Jar file and the trojan it drops .
We have also reported the shortlink to bit.ly and they should disable it soon .
Lesson of the day is probably this :
Do you really need Java in your browser ?
Seriously , do you ?
If not , get rid of it .
( CNN ) --
A gay couple in Malawi , found guilty of gross indecency and unnatural acts after they took part in an " engagement ceremony , " was sentenced to 14 years in prison Thursday .
Steven Mojenza , 26 , and Tiwonge Chimbalanga , 20 , were convicted in a court Tuesday .
The pair was arrested in December at their home in Blantyre , Malawi , for professing their love in a traditional engagement ceremony .
They were rounded up after news reports surfaced , charged under colonial - era sodomy laws and detained at Chichiru Prison without bail .
The arrests received some popular support in the conservative southern African nation , but sparked condemnation by gay rights activists .
Human rights groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have called for the release of the couple .
Critics on the scene and condemned the sentence .
" There was no victim in this case , yet they were given a very harsh sentence by the judge , " said Gift Trapence , executive director of a Malawi human rights group .
Trapence said the majority of Malawians supported the verdict , but feared the harsh sentence would push much of the country 's gay community further underground .
" This sentence sends a strong and unacceptable message that discrimination is legally justified in the Malawi justice system , " said Michelle Kagari , deputy Africa program director at Amnesty International , in a written statement .
Amnesty International said the couple told their attorneys they were beaten by police while in custody .
British officials said in a joint statement they were " deeply dismayed " at the couple 's conviction , as well as allegations they were mistreated in police custody .
" Malawi has made significant progress on human rights in recent years , " said Henry Bellingham , Foreign Office under- secretary , along with Stephen O' Brien , parliamentary under-secretary of state at the Department for International Development , and Lynne Featherstone , minister for equality at the Home Office .
" The government has signed up to international human rights treaties and Malawi 's constitution protects the rights of all its citizens .
Infringement of these rights is intolerable .
The conviction and sentencing ... runs counter to a positive trend . "
In Washington , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the United States condemned the conviction and sentencing .
" The criminalization of sexual orientation and gender identity is unconscionable , and this case mars the human rights record of Malawi , " he said .
" We urge Malawi and all countries to stop using sexual orientation or gender identity as the basis for arrest , detention , or execution . "
Philip J. Crowley , assistant secretary of state for public affairs , said " the United States is appalled " by the conviction and sentence , which he called " a significant step backward for the government of Malawi 's human - rights record .
Malawi must abide by its human - rights obligations . "
Decriminalization of homosexuality is key not only to the protection of universal human rights , but is also " crucial to the urgent need to fight the spread of HIV / AIDS , " he said .
Homosexuality is illegal in Malawi -- as it is in most African nations -- and government officials have said they are simply upholding the law .
But activists in Malawi say Article 20 of the country 's constitution -- which outlaws discrimination -- is being violated .
The Malawi Law Society said the prosecution of the two men has been driven by prejudice -- not jurisprudence .
Anthony Kamanga , Malawi 's solicitor general and secretary for justice and constitutional affairs , said the law does not conflict with the constitution , and denied the charge of prejudice .
" I do not think that in this particular case that these two people were prejudiced against , " he said .
" We have no law that criminalizes sexual orientation , just certain sexual acts . "
Kamanga said the criticism is unfair .
" For some reason , this case has been blown out of proportion , " he charged .
" The courts have been fair to these two men . "
" Most people are repugnant towards homosexuality , " said Canaan Phiri , secretary general of the Malawi Council of Churches .
" People do not declare their homosexuality because people are against this . "
Ahead of the verdict , the two men thanked their supporters , remaining defiant in a statement released through Tatchell .
In it , Chimbalanga said : " I love Steven so much .
If people or the world cannot give me the chance and freedom to continue living with him as my lover , then I am better off to die here in prison .
Freedom without him is useless and meaningless . "
CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .
Video is from Alabama resident John Wathen as a volunteer pilot flew him over the area where the oil rig sank .
Officials have stopped guessing at the amount of oil leaking although some speculate it may be closer to 1 million gallons per day .
Do n't let BP spin this into something trivial .
" It 's not a leak , it 's a volcano spewing oil "
In response to :
The Superior Civilization from the February 26 , 2009 issue
To the Editors :
Tim Flannery is so taken with the ants [ “ The Superior Civilization , ” NYR , February 26 ] , and especially southern fire ants , that he is tempted to think that humans are becoming a superorganism , which he somehow sees as a salvation from our destructive current path .
But the human species is precisely not a superorganism : its Darwinian success is precisely due to that fact .
We are capable of survival and replication in extremely small single - family units , on the one hand , and enormously large conurbations on the other .
This “ accordion ” capacity allows us to colonize , and recolonize , waste spaces but to endure , as well , the enormous crowding of supercities .
Competition , not only between states but between cities , communities , and families , at all levels of social organization , distinguishes us ( and other mammals ) from the ants , who have laid aside competition at these lower levels in favor of unquestioning collaboration .
The human condition , past and future , can be better understood , biologically , as an exemplar of succession theory , derived from the study of plant community histories .
A single species expands to fill its available environment , crowding out all competitors .
But its Darwinian success means the exhaustion of the resources necessary to its survival .
It collapses , leaving the field to other surviving species .
Our intelligence , evolved primarily to exploit resources in the service of population growth , may or may not be converted to a capacity directed toward population limitation and environmental sustainability .
We shall soon see .
Jeffrey M. Dickemann
Professor of Anthropology Emeritus
Sonoma State University
Richmond , California
Tim Flannery replies :
Dr. Dickemann argues that humans differ from superorganism - forming insect species in that we can live in either small or large groups , that competition between humans is greater than within a colony of ants , and that Darwinian evolution drives humans to exhaust their resource base .
All of this he says disqualifies human societies from being viewed as superorganisms .
As I point out in my review , there are fundamental differences between ants and humans , as indeed there are between various ant species .
Some ants live in smaller groups and experience competition between various members of the colony , while others live in very large , internally peaceful colonies .
Like us , ants have been shaped by Darwinian evolution , and if left unrestrained by predators and disease , they too would doubtless exhaust their resource base .
I disagree with Dr. Dickemann that the factors he identifies prevent our human societies from being considered as superorganisms .
The trend of human development over the last ten thousand years has been toward ever larger collaborative units , which entails economic specialization of the individual , enforcement of the rule of law ( which promotes peace within the social unit ) , and ever greater interconnectedness between individuals .
All of this is concordant with the superorganism concept .
With the development of the Internet , a highly efficient global interconnectedness is developing , opening the possibility that a single , global , human superorganism will ensue .
As Dr. Dickemann says , we shall soon see .
The other day , our friend Markos went on Countdown and called out Glenn Beck and his fellow teabaggers for their incessant use of eliminationist rhetoric .
Of course , this deeply upset Glenn Beck , who responded on his show yesterday ( transcript via Jed ) :
I want to start in an unusual place .
I want to show you what the founder of the Daily Kos , which is this far - left wing blog , said .
Here 's what he said just the other day about tea parties :
This is what the people voted for , and it's one thing to oppose it on policy , it 's another thing to use the kind of exterminationist , eliminationist rhetoric that they 're using in appealing to violence and that sort of thing .
OK .
Extermination talk ?
I have n't heard any of the extermination talk .
It sounds like , again , he 's calling us Nazis .
How can you paint the right like Nazis ?
Maybe Glenn
Beck has n't heard any eliminationist rhetoric because he's one of the loudest voices using it , and doing so on a regular basis :
As I noted awhile back :
Beck actually has been engaging in eliminationist rhetoric in attacking progressives since June of last year , though he 's been recently ratcheting it down to new depths .
I compiled the video above with a sampling from the past nine months .
In it , you can see Beck call progressives a " cancer " ( multiple times ) , " the disease that 's killing us , " a " virus , " a " parasite , " " vampires " who will " suck the life out " of the Democratic Party , and claim that progressives intend the " destruction of the Constitution " and will strike it a " death blow " .
Since then , we 've been treated to such disquisitions as this :
Beck :
What they 're about to pass is not a tumor .
Because the doctor can come over here and say , ' Yeah , there 's a tumor here , and we 've got to go in and cut this out . '
I do n't know if you can cut this tumor out .
Maybe not .
But you can try .
But what they 're about to pass is a bloodstream disease .
It will be injected into our system and it will be incurable .
Beck : I think they 're gonna pass this thing .
They are gonna do whatever it takes to pass this , and they 're not going to go the traditional way , they are gonna go the way of snakes and cockroaches .
They 're gonna crawl out in the cover of darkness , and they 're going to pass this , make it happen one way or another .
Apparently , though , Beck is confused about just what Markos meant , because of course he could n't be talking about people like Beck .
Somehow , it has to do with Beck 's Planet Bizarro - style confusion about political categories -- as in Beck 's reconfiguration of things to equate neo -Nazis with the " Progressive Right " :
Actually , when I heard this , I thought " wow , this guy , I mean he proves my point . "
He 's right -- if , if you say , those people with George Bush , they thought he was okay and they did n't do anything about it .
He 's right if that 's really what you thought about George W. Bush and you were wide awake , because then you'd be part of the progressive movement , and that makes my point on the railroad tracks .
...
We 've disregarded the railroad , the rails of the rule of law of the Constitution , and equal justice , and then taken our foundation -- faith , hope , charity , self - reliance , accountability -- and replaced it with structure , socialism .
It 's what ties the communists and the national socialists -- the Nazis -- together .
They disagree with each other , but that 's only because they want control , and these guys want control .
It 's exactly what the Daily Kos guy said .
" They did n't have a problem with it before because George Bush was doing it . "
But wait , wait , wait .
You do n't have a problem with it now ?
Why ?
Actually , what Markos said was that the Tea Partiers did n't have a problem with Big Government when George W. Bush was doing it -- they just object when it 's a Democrat in power .
And that 's as true of Glenn Beck as anyone .
He claims now that he criticized Bush for his budgets , but the reality is that he did so rarely and it was always muted criticism .
He certainly did n't organize mass rallies to oppose his every move , did he ?
But of course , now , NOW Beck has seen the light : Bush was actually a " Progressive Republican . "
And did n't he just equate neo -Nazis with the " Progressive Right " ?
So in other words , Bush was actually the same thing as a neo - Nazi ?
But wait -- do n't Beck and his Fox cohorts ( see Brit Hume and Bill O'Reilly most recently ) regularly complain that " the Left " ( whoever that was ) constantly smeared Bush by calling him a Nazi ?
It 's all very confused , is n't it ?
Or is " insane " perhaps a better word ?
← Sidebar
The 15th International competition of the magazine The World of Art and The Gallery of Young People ’s Art Works of the authors up to the age of 20 on the subject of “ Ethnological dresses and folklore dances of my people ? ” is finished .
More than 10.000 art works from 46 countries arrived for the competition , which were reviewed by an expert jury .
Here are the works of the winners from Russia .
Savitskaya Alain , age 13
Tarina Kokova , age 9
Polina Bushmakova , age 7
Natasha Borisova , age 8
Mojarov Andrei , age 12
Masha Bulanova , age 11
Ljuba Kulakova , age 16
Lena Sharko , age 8
Katja Borovikova , age 10
Julia Hantel , age 15
Anya Boltova , age 17
Anna Sinitsyna , age 14
Tags :
No tags
<< Pskov oblast page was updated
Primorye krai page was updated >>
You 've no doubt heard about the latest Birther cause celebre : the soldier who 's refusing deployment orders until he can see President Obama 's " real " birth certificate .
Well , now he 's being court - martialed :
The Army filed formal changes against Lt. Col .
Terry Lakin , a military physician who refused to deploy to Afghanistan because he believes President Barack Obama has n't proven that he was born in the U.S.
The decision to initiate potential court - martial proceedings against Col .
Lakin represents a line in the sand for the Army , which declined to discipline a pair of officers who raised similar questions last year about Mr. Obama 's constitutional eligibility to serve as commander in chief .
Chuck Dasey , a spokesman for Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , said Col .
Lakin was being charged with three counts of disobeying a lawful order and one count of dereliction of duty .
If found guilty , Col . Lakin could be kicked out of the Army , forced to give up his retirement benefits and jailed for up to four years .
Col .
Lakin and his attorney did n't respond to phone messages or emails seeking comment .
In a statement released through the foundation raising money for his legal - defense fund , the officer said he was prepared to press his case in court .
" I invited my court martial , and today I stand ready to answer these charges , " Col .
Lakin said .
" I was prepared to deploy if only the president would authorize the release of the proof of his eligibility .
He refused , and now the court will determine the issue , and my fate . "
As the WSJ story explains , this is all about using the discovery process to force Obama to release his " real " birth certficate :
The officer and his attorney , Paul Jensen , have hinted that they will use the discovery process to seek to compel Mr. Obama to release a more detailed birth certificate .
That could turn his eventual military trial into a pivotal moment for the " birther " movement , which believes Mr. Obama was born in Kenya rather than Hawaii despite voluminous evidence to the contrary .
Col .
Lakin went public with his doubts about Mr. Obama last month in a YouTube video that detailed the officer 's decision to disobey what he described as " illegal orders " that he deploy for a second tour in Afghanistan .
" Any reasonable person looking critically at the evidence currently in the public domain would have questions about President Obama 's claim to be a natural - born citizen , " Col .
Lakin said in the short video , which has been viewed more than 181,000 times .
And as Dave Weigel explains , this is really all about gaining publicity for the lawyers who want to make a career out of selling the birther snake oil :
The thing of it is -- it 's not worth covering this like a real case with an uncertain outcome .
Lakin , who launched his crusade with a YouTube video , is becoming a fringe celebrity .
WorldNetDaily , the ground zero for coverage of this stuff , recounts a chat between Lakin , his attorney Paul Jensen , and G. Gordon Liddy , where the game was given away .
" I 'm not going to say what we are going to do other than we are going to do what you would want us to do , " Jensen said ...
" Every criminal defendant has to be allowed the benefit of doubt to discover information relevant or which may even lead to the discovery of relevant information that could support his case , " he said .
" It would shocking to me that a defendant ... would not be permitted to discover information that would lend itself to proving his [ case ] , " he said .
The discovery issue previously was raised in court by attorney John Hemenway , who was threatened by a federal judge with sanctions for bringing a court challenge to Obama 's presidency .
Hemenway is serving in emeritus status with the Safeguard Our Constitution website , which is working to raise support for Lakin .
Safeguard Our Constitution is the site collecting the newest info on the case -- that 's where I grabbed this charging document .
But we 've now seen a number of soldiers do this , and last year we saw Capt .
Connie Rhodes try a similar thing , get punished , and make a celebrity out of her lawyer -- none other than Orly Taitz .
Larkin's case is n't going to change anything more important than the pecking order of birther attorneys and the destination for birthers ' donation checks .
You 've gotta wonder how these soldiers will feel when they wake up and realize they 're destroying their lives for the sake of helping enrich the charlatans who talked them into it .
Mind you , they wo n't get much of my sympathy .
Time Tracker Features
EASY Time Tracker is a solution for businesses that need to keep track of employees ' time spent on projects .
Manage multiple projects , activities and people ( or just yourself ) .
Print or e-mail invoices and a variety of other reports whenever needed .
Forget about adding up hours by hand , EASY Time Tracker does it all for you with ease .
Ambushed by Rachel “ Tail - gunner Jane ” Maddow , Rand Paul – son of Ron – is at the center of a ever - escalating controversy , one that underscores the complete emptiness of political discourse in this country .
It was a “ gotcha ” moment that will go down in the history books , under “ dirty tricks , ” along with the daisy - picking ad run by Democrats against Barry Goldwater in the 1964 presidential election .
Indeed , Rachel took us all the way back to 1964 , the year the Democrats dropped their longstanding opposition and passed the first Civil Rights Act , which outlawed segregation of the races in public schools and other taxpayer - funded institutions , as well as in private housing and employment .
Rand , revealed Rachel , had told the Louisville Courier - Journal that he opposed this landmark legislation : he wants to re-segregate those lunch counters , she screeched , and take us back to the days of Jim Crow !
After a ten minute tirade to that effect , she finally let Rand on the air to rebut – and it went downhill from there .
Now the General Electric / MSNBC wing of the Democratic party – or do I repeat myself ?
– has seized on Rand as the purported symbol of the “ racist ” Tea Party movement , and the evil of all libertarians , who are supposedly so wrapped up in their “ utopian ” theories that they do n’t know or care that they ’re aiding and abetting the Ku Klux Klan .
Rachel , they crow , has exposed libertarians as “ white supremacists !
This confirms , in their own minds , at least , the narrative they ’ve been pushing since the election of Barack Obama : administration critics are right - wing dingbats who are n’t even trying to hide the fact that they ’re unrepentant raaaaa - cists .
Outside of the self - referential world of cable entertainment , this alleged unmasking of the deep dark secret bigotry at the heart of libertarian darkness is n’t very convincing .
After all , what has the passage of the 1964 Act and its successors actually accomplished in terms of ending segregation in housing and increasing black employment ?
When Rand defended his stance , albeit not very articulately , Maddow responded with “ unless it ’s illegal , there ’s nothing to stop that — there ’s nothing under your world view to stop the country from re-segregating like we were before the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . ”
What an odd view of America – a country that , you ’ll recall , has recently elected an American of African descent to the highest office in the land .
In Rachel ’s world , the nation is teeming with KKKers , who are just waiting to restore the bad old days of Jim Crow .
Yet can you imagine what would happen to the first store that dared post a sign saying “ No blacks ” ?
The uproar would drive them out of business within hours .
Paul opined that we ’ve had a lot of re-segregation in the past thirty years , but most of his arguments – irrelevant diversions into the second and first amendments – completely missed the point : there has been no re-segregation in private housing and employment , because there was no significant desegregation to begin with .
We still have black neighborhoods and white neighborhoods , and as a general rule the old aphorism “ last hired , first fired ” still applies to blacks .
What world are these people living in ?
The reason the 1964 Civil Rights
Act and its numerous successors have n’t made any real dent in the stubborn racial exclusiveness that persists in housing and employment is because the Act was never about the victims of racism : it was , instead , all about white liberals like Ms. Maddow ( and her fan club ) making themselves feel good – about themselves .
Are n’t we virtuous !
Are n’t we righteous !
Who cares if civil rights legislation has actually resulted in negligible gains for blacks : we can fix that with affirmative action .
So who ’s being the “ utopian ” now ?
More thoughtful types might wonder , however : why did n’t it work ?
The reason is because human beings are n’t mind - readers .
Unless someone puts up a sign saying “ No blacks need apply , ” it ’s impossible to know when discrimination has occurred .
Until and unless the US Justice Department can get a hold of those “ telepathic helmets ” I hear the Pentagon is developing , the task of outing corporate racists is likely to prove insurmountable .
Without going into the libertarian ins and outs of what is an interesting but politically irrelevant issue , however , the controversy surrounding Rand Paul gives me the opportunity to point out what I thought should have been all too obvious by now .
Maddow did n’t expose Rand Paul ’s alleged “ racism ” – what she revealed is his inability to function , like his father , as a spokesman for libertarianism .
After all , he is n’t his father – unfortunately , I would add .
Would n’t it be great to have Ron in the Senate ?
He ’s certainly more than earned it .
One can only dream .
Yet the advent of Paul , the son , is turning into my personal nightmare .
I have to say that I ’ve held off commenting on the subject of Rand ’s candidacy quite deliberately , because I wanted to give him the benefit of every doubt .
I was n’t too alarmed , at first , when he differed from his father on the subject of Guantanamo and the question of whether to give “ enemy combatants ” a trial before we lock them up forever – I did n’t and do n’t agree , but plenty of anti-interventionists I respect , such as Pat Buchanan , would take Rand ’s side in that debate , and so I gave him a pass .
He did an interview with Antiwar.com , in which he stated some mildly anti-interventionist sentiments , coming out against the “ long term ” occupation of Afghanistan .
As one commenter on the thread put it , however , “ Not in favor of long - term occupation of Iraq or Afghanistan ?
What does he think the situation is right now ? ”
That same perceptive commenter presciently added : “ I ’m not a Ron Paul fan , but from this interview , it seems like Rand Paul is no Ron Paul . ”
In any case , Trey Grayson , his opponent in the Republican primary , made a big issue of his even appearing on the radio with those “ leftist ” radicals at Antiwar.com – Ha !
If only they knew ! – and ran television ads juxtaposing Rand ’s comments to those of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
To no avail , however , and Rand smashed Grayson with a resounding 60 percent of the vote – a clear signal that the neocon foreign policy of invading the world has no resonance anymore , not even in a GOP primary in a solidly Republican state .
Yet Rand drew a different conclusion from the election results , because he began backtracking immediately , even before election day , even as the polls showed Grayson ’s attacks were having no effect .
Rand came out in favor of economic sanctions on Iran , and further opined :
“ I do see Iran as a threat to the stability of the Middle East … Recently , President Obama took nuclear weapons off the table in certain circumstances , and I think that ’s a mistake .
I think it ’s reckless to take them out of the equation . ”
Correct me if I ’m wrong , but that sounds to me like he ’s in favor – given the right circumstances – of nuking Iran .
This is something that not even the wildest - eyed neocon has seriously proposed .
That an alleged “ libertarian ” could mouth those words is appalling , but hardly surprising : it just means that , in a world where even a loudmouthed statist like Bill Maher can claim to be a “ libertarian , ” the word has lost all meaning .
No wonder Bill Kristol wants to give the kid a break .
I do n’t even want to go into the rest of his symptoms of foot - in - mouth disease , but Rand ’s characterization of the President as “ anti- American ” for holding BP responsible for the consequences of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico can not go unremarked .
To begin with , as Chris Hayes pointed out in his excellent discussion of the issue while filling in for Maddow , the oil companies are one of the biggest examples of the sort of crony capitalism libertarians are supposed to abhor .
As the recipients of numerous subsidies and government subventions , the oil companies are also the beneficiaries of a legislated cap [ . pdf ] on damages which limits their liability .
In a free market , it ’s likely they could n’t drill off the Florida coast at all because they could n’t afford the insurance .
As in the case of all the other governmental bodies and agencies we have that are supposed to “ oversee ” the activities of the corporate world , the overseers have been subjected to a strategy of “ regulatory capture . ”
They ’re in bed – literally – with the very companies they are supposed to be overseeing .
It ’s true that Rand got his start in the libertarian movement , as a supporter of and spokesman for his father , but good sense may not be hereditary , and , in any case , Paul the younger seems not to have inherited his father ’s backbone .
Can you imagine Rand standing up to the bully Rudy Giuliani – or even daring to raise the issue that motivated Giuliani ’s grandstanding outburst ?
I can’t .
Instead , what we have seen is a sustained attempt by Rand to transform libertarianism into “ constitutional ” conservatism : when asked to describe his politics , Rand regularly disdains the libertarian label and avers that he ’s a “ constitutional conservative . ”
You know , as opposed to those unconstitutional conservatives – the sort who want to give the President the power to suspend habeas corpus , lock up “ enemy combatants ” in Guantanamo , and throw away the key .
What we should do is simply take Rand at his word , in this instance , and recognize that he is indeed no libertarian .
This will relieve him of being in the embarrassing position of having to explain and defend our arcane canons , and lift from his shoulders the burden of having to translate theory into a political program that makes sense for today .
Clearly , he ’s not up to the task , and , in any event – not being a libertarian – he ’s even more clearly not interested in taking on the job .
He is interested , however , is gaining as much support for his candidacy nationwide as he can .
That is how he got to where he is today , after all : by appealing to his father ’s constituency for financial and other forms of support .
If he hopes this support will be ongoing , he may be in for a shock : having the right last name will only get him so far with libertarians .
He has got to learn to live up to his father ’s good name , and I have a suggestion as to how he might make a good start .
Since he ’s spent so much time apologizing for , and running away from , his own comments – now claiming that he would have voted for the 1964 Civil Rights
Act – why does n’t he spend a few moments backtracking from his morally reprehensible refusal to take nuking Iran “ out of the equation ” ?
Now that ‘s something he really ought to get down on his hands and knees and beg forgiveness for – and maybe ( just maybe ! ) libertarians will think about supporting him .
Until that apology – or “ clarification ” – is forthcoming , I would n’t give Rand Paul the time of day .
Over at the Suggestion Pot , Inumo wrote :
As a first - timing DM , one thing that I ’ve noticed lacking in many first - time - DM articles is just the basic , taken - for - granted stuff ; how to use secret information , how to paint an environment picture , easy ways to keep track of initiative / char .
stats / etc. for all the PCs and monsters , how to avoid MMO - style number - crunching , that kind of thing .
Which led directly to First Time GM , a series of articles dedicated to the newly - minted game master , making his first tentative die rolls behind the screen .
First Time GM will cover a broad range of topics , from advice on finding players , to techniques for managing information at the table , to handling those “ WTF ? ” moments , hopefully touching on many of Inumo ’s topics along the way .
Of course , much of this material will be old news to the seasoned GMs among us , but hopefully everyone will find something they can use , or will share the fruits of their experience in the comments .
What does a GM actually do ?
To launch the series , let ’s take a look at what a GM actually does at the table when he or she is running a game .
This is not an exhaustive list , and does not include many of the things that a good GM will do , nor does it include ‘ game prep ’ .
Plays the NPCs , especially the opposition .
Walton the shopkeeper , Helpless the Henchman , the Dark Lord of Lost Socks , and Kobold # 4 are all the GM ’s characters .
“ Runs ” the environment , including locations , the weather , and inanimate objects like traps , by describing how they appear and what they do .
Decides what aspects to focus on , such as combat and negotiations , and what aspects to “ hand wave ” , such as travel , research , etc .
Acts as the final arbiter of the game rules , although many GMs will defer to their players or provide temporary answers pending further research .
Manages the flow of information from the world to the players , paying particular attention to the plot - centered aspects of it .
From one point of view , RPGs educate the players about the world their characters inhabit .
Improvises when the party does the unexpected , whether by creating a neighboring town that the PCs unexpectedly visit , or merely by deciding if there is any loose dirt in the room .
Decides when to stop the session , and when to press on .
Takes notes for future reference .
Some of these are relatively simple to do , but others can take the full mental bandwidth of a veteran GM .
But wait , there ’s more …
“ I have people skills ; I am good at dealing with people . ”
In my opinion , the most important aspects of the GM ’s job involve dealing with his or her players .
It should n’t come as a shock that many GMs have weak people skills .
Most folks are oblivious to their own social shortcomings ; even if they are aware of them , it ’s not easy to change a lifetime of social habits .
The first time GM should be aware of the need for social skills , as he or she may be called upon for the following ( again , not an exhaustive list ) .
Enforces the rules of expected behavior at the table , even if they are decided by the group as a whole .
Keeps the game moving by the judicious pruning of small talk , tangents , “ this one time in bandit camp ” , etc .
Manages the ever - changing dynamics of a potentially disparate group , also known as ‘ cat herding ’ .
Deals with players who may occasionally be distracted , rude , absent , over - eager , easily offended , bored , or just plain difficult .
Prevents the strong personalities from steamrolling the wallflowers .
Adjudicates disagreements over the rules , acceptable levels of metagaming , personality conflicts , what ’s for dinner , etc .
Ensures that every player and character gets a bit of the spotlight .
Again , much of this is relatively easy to handle , but a GM may need to handle multiple issues , with each answer pulling him in a different direction .
At times , the GM is the busiest person at the table .
With a list like this , it ’s a wonder that anyone ever agrees to run a campaign , much less a one - shot game .
But it ’s not really that bad .
GMing is one of the most satisfying hobbies I ’ve ever had .
With a good group of players , the right preparation , and a few easily learned techniques and skills , GMing can sometimes be easier than playing a character .
In future articles , we ’ll delve into finding good players , preparing efficiently , and managing everything the players can throw at you .
For now , one of the most important things for a first time GM to remember is that it ’s just a game .
The campaign will not come to a screeching halt if you make a mistake , and your players will probably be much more forgiving of your mistakes than you will be .
As mentioned earlier , this is old hat to most of our readers , but it should give the ‘ wannabe GMs ’ a decent overview of what a GM actually does behind that little screen .
Future articles will have more detail and will dwell on a specific aspect of GMing .
Every group , session , ruleset , and campaign is different , so your mileage may vary .
I ’m only presuming to speak from my point of view , so if I ’ve missed something truly egregious , please sound off in the comments and let us know .
Up next : Looking for Group
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The Citroen World Rally Team is considering running a three - car team in next year 's WRC .
Current number two driver with the French team Dani Sordo says he has been told by team principal Olivier Quesnel that he will remain as part of a three - car line - up for 2011 .
" Olivier [ Quesnel ] says he wants the two Sebastiens [ Loeb and Ogier ] and me for next year , " said Sordo .
" I hope it 's like this , but I do n't know what will happen .
Of course I want to stay with Citroen , but if they say no , then I will have to look at another team . "
Sordo is now in his fourth season with the factory Citroen team , but the former Junior World Rally champion has still to register his first WRC win - something he aims to rectify on next week 's Rally of Portugal .
" I feel well driving in Portugal , I feel it will be better , " he said .
" I will go faster there ; it 's good grip in Portugal and a good feeling . "
Following the recent article arguing why PyPy is the future of Python , I must say , PyPy is not the future of Python , is the present .
When I have tested it last time ( PyPy - c 1.1.0 ) with Pyevolve into the optimization of a simple Sphere function , it was at least 2 x slower than Unladen Swallow Q2 , but in that time , PyPy was not able to JIT .
Now , with this new release of PyPy and the JIT’ing support , the scenario has changed .
PyPy has evolved a lot ( actually , you can see this evolution here ) , a nice work was done on the GC system , saving ( when compared to CPython ) 8 bytes per object allocated , which is very interesting for applications that makes heavy use of object allocation ( GP system are a strong example of this , since when they are implemented on object oriented languages , each syntax tree node is an object ) .
Efforts are also being done to improve support for CPython extensions ( written in C / C ++ ) , one of them is a little tricky : the use of RPyC , to proxy through TCP the remote calls to CPython ; but the other seems by far more effective , which is the creation of the CPyExt subsystem .
By using CPyExt , all you need is to have your CPython API functions implemented in CPyExt , a lot of people is working on this right now and you can do it too , it ’s a long road to have a good API coverage , but when you think about advantages , this road becomes small .
In order to benchmark CPython , Jython , CPython + Psyco , Unladen Swallow and PyPy , I ’ve used the Rastrigin function optimization ( an example of that implementation is here in the Example 7 of Pyevolve 0.6rc1 ) :
Due to its large search space and number of local minima , Rastrigin function is often used to measure the performance of Genetic Algorithms .
Rastrigin function has a global minimum at where the ; in order to increase the search space and required resources , I ’ve used 40 variables ( ) and 10 k generations .
Here are the information about versions used in this benchmark :
OS Ubuntu Linux 10.04 LTS ( lucid )
CPython 2.6.5 ( Apr 16 2010 )
Unladen Swallow trunk ( r1153 ) SVN http://unladen-swallow.googlecode.com/svn/trunk
Jython 2.5.1 ( Sun JVM 1.6.0_20 , Server Mode )
CPython 2.6.5 + PsycoV2 trunk ( r74587 )
CPython 2.6.5 + Psyco 1.6.0 ( default lucid package )
PyPy trunk ( r74537 ) SVN http://codespeak.net/svn/pypy/trunk
No warmup was performed in JVM or in PyPy .
PyPy translator was executed using the “ - Ojit ” option in order to get the JIT version of the Python interpreter .
The JVM was executed using the server mode , I ’ve tested the client and server mode for Sun JVM and IcedTea6 , the best results were observed from the server mode using Sun JVM , however when I ’ve compared the client mode of IcedTea6 with the client mode of Sun JVM , the best results observed were from IcedTea6 ( the same as using server mode in IcedTea6 ) .
Unladen Swallow was compiled using the project wiki instructions for building an optimized binary .
The machine used was an Intel ( R ) Core ( TM ) 2 Duo E4500 ( 2×2.20 Ghz ) with 2GB of RAM .
The result of the benchmark ( measured using wall time ) in seconds for each setup ( these results are the best of 3 sequential runs ) :
As you can see , PyPy with JIT got a speedup of 2.57 x when compared to CPython 2.6.5 and 2.0 x faster than Unladen Swallow current trunk .
PyPy is not only the future of Python , but is becoming the present right now .
PyPy will not bring us only an implementation of Python in Python ( which in itself is the valuable result of great efforts ) , but also will bring the performance back ( which many doubted at the beginning , wondering how could it be possible for an implementation of Python in Python be faster than an implementation in C ?
And here is where the translation and JIT magic enters ) .
When the time comes that Python interpreter can be entire written in a high level language ( actually almost the same language , which is really weird ) , Python community can put their focus on improving the language itself instead of spending time solving the complexity of the lower level languages , is this not the great point of those efforts ?
By the way , just to note , PyPy is n’t only a translator for the Python interpreter written in RPython , it ’s a translator of RPython , what means that PyPy is n’t only the future of Python , but probably , the future of many interpreters .
Sometimes it's hard to tell when somebody online is complimenting you or being a douche .
That 's why a group of Israeli researchers invented the " Semi- supervised Algorithm for Sarcasm Identification , " a program that recognizes sarcastic statements with 77 percent precision .
Advertisement
That 's right - a computer program is almost as good as you are at recognizing sarcastic comments .
According to Popular Science :
To create such an algorithm , the team scanned 66,000 Amazon.com product reviews , with three different human annotators tagging sentences for sarcasm .
The team then identified certain sarcastic patterns that emerged in the reviews and created a classification algorithm that puts each statement into a sarcastic class . . .
The algorithms were then trained on that seed set of 80 sentences from the collection of reviews .
These annotated sentences helped the algorithm learn what sorts of words and patterns distinguish sarcastic remarks – those that mean the opposite of what they literally convey , or that convey a sentiment inconsistent with the literal reading .
Advertisement
So why would these researchers go through all this trouble to identify sarcasm ?
No , it 's not to help humanity reach enlightenment .
They 're trying to help marketing companies figure out what people are saying about their products online .
Imagine that " online focus group " meeting : " Well , everybody is saying positive things about your new book .
Unfortunately , our software has determined that at least 80 percent of those comments were sarcastic . "
Hopefully there will be some altruistic applications for this program too - like helping the humor - impaired to figure out that no , I do n't really think The Human Centipede needs a sequel about tardigrades .
Even if the sarcasm detector can be used for the forces of goodness , it saddens me to think of a computer learning about human satire from Amazon reviews , I suppose every AI has to start somewhere .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
via Popular Science [ via Slashdot , which has the full scientific paper ]
Sure , a cybernetic - filled , dystopian future may sound nice and cheery , but what happens when all your snazzy implants get infected with a computer virus ?
That 's what one brave researcher at the University of Reading is attempting to find out , and he's now actually gone so far as to willingly " infect " himself in the name of science .
As you might expect , however , this is all this very much a proof of concept , but Dr. Mark Gasson says that the infected RFID chip in his hand was indeed able to pass on the virus to an external control device in his trials , and he warns that the eventual real world implications could be far more dire .
Gasson is particularly concerned when it comes to medical implants , which he says could potentially become infected by other implants in the body , and even pass on the " infection " to other people .
Head on past the break for the BBC 's report , and try not to be too startled by the Dalek in the room .
[ Thanks , Mark S ]
• Conservatives in discussion with Liberal Democrats about idea of replacing act with British bill of rights • Nick Clegg warns government would ' tamper with act at its peril '
Theresa
May , the new home secretary , today confirmed that the new coalition government is reconsidering the Conservative manifesto pledge to scrap the Human Rights Act .
She made the announcement as Nick Clegg , the Lib Dem deputy prime minister , said that any government would tamper with the HRA " at its peril " .
The Liberal Democrats strongly criticised the Tory election policy on the HRA before the election and what to do about the act has been one of the biggest problems for the coalition .
May said that the Conservatives were in discussion with the Lib Dems about what to do in this area and that this was an example of what the " new politics " was like .
The decision about whether to introduce a British bill of rights , supplanting the European convention on human rights , is to be passed to an independent commission .
The news emerged prior to the publication of a full coalition agreement between the two parties tomorrow , replacing the seven - page agreement rushed out following weekend talks .
The Conservative party has been divided over whether to support a bill of rights , and whether it would interpret or supplant the European convention .
The Tory manifesto said : " We will replace the Human Rights Act with a UK bill of rights . "
But , this morning , when May was asked about the manifesto promise in an interview on BBC Radio 4's Today programme , she downplayed the significance of this pledge .
" We did say that we thought the Human Rights Act was not working in certain areas , " she said .
She went on : " We are currently in discussions with our coalition partners about what we will be doing in this area . "
In an interview in the Times today , Clegg said : " Any government would tamper with [ the HRA ] at its peril . "
The attorney general , Dominic Grieve , has strongly opposed British withdrawal from the ECHR , and was one of the few Tories to admit he had been " broadly comfortable " about its incorporation into UK statute law , which came through the Human Rights Act .
He said in a lecture last November : " There is a complacency among lawyers , academics and campaigners who support the Human Rights
Act as to the extent of public resentment of the operation and influence of the legislation itself . "
Grieve argued that a British bill should use the ECHR " as a starting point " but should be allowed to clarify these rights in greater detail , as well as its relationship to the Strasbourg courts that oversee the ECHR .
Clegg will today set the highest possible bar for his plans to reform politics when he claims the government 's programme represents " the biggest shake - up of our democracy since 1832 , when the Great Reform
Act redrew the boundaries of British democracy , for the first time extending the franchise beyond the landed classes . "
He will promise in his first speech as DPM : " This government is going to transform our politics so the state has far less control over you , and you have far more control over the state .
I 'm talking about the most significant programme of empowerment by a British government since the great enfranchisement of the 19th century . "
Clegg will claim he is not offering incremental change but a wholesale , big - bang approach to political reform .
He will promise abolition of the ID card scheme , the national identity register and second - generation biometric passports .
He risked angering some Tories when he told the Times the coalition would aim to make taxes fairer , rather than reduce the overall tax burden .
Clegg was asked if he expected the government would reduce the overall tax burden .
He replied : " No , I am saying we 'll rebalance the tax system .
We 're not making great claims about the overall tax burden . "
In his speech Clegg will also promise : " We wo n't hold your internet and email records when there is just no reason to do so .
CCTV will be properly regulated , as will the DNA database , with restrictions on the storage of innocent people 's DNA .
" And we will end practices that risk making Britain a place where our children grow up so used to their liberty being infringed that they accept it without question . "
The ContactPoint database , designed to hold information on all children under 18 , will be scrapped and schools " will not take children 's fingerprints without even asking their parents ' consent " .
Clegg will promise to repeal restrictions on the right to protest , and review libel laws .
He will also say he will ask the public to tell the government which of thousands of criminal offences should be repealed , saying taking away people 's freedom has not made people safe .
The advance copy of the speech makes no mention of the Lib Dem plan that no one currently given a prison sentence of less than six months will actually go to jail .
Clegg will also promise a mechanism to block pointless new criminal offences , as pledged by the Lib Dems .
Clegg 's plans to put liberty and political reform at the centre of government will be tested as he comes up against resistance from more authoritarian Tories in the Home Office , but he is likely to find broad support from the Ministry of Justice , run by Kenneth Clarke , the new lord chancellor , and his Lib Dem minister of state , Lord McNally , a veteran supporter of constitutional reform .
One test of Clegg 's speech will be whether he sets out a timetable for Lords reform and for a referendum on the changes to the electoral system .
He is likely to be asked if he has detailed plans to introduce reform of party political funding through new caps on donations , state aid and limits on spending during the electoral cycle .
des 【中古 】COMME GARCONS ◆ボトム/S/ウール/NVY/RI-P006【レディースウェア】
GARCONS des des COMME des
そしてそし て
ブC GNMeR【カデンャ
【 】E OOdASドムソギ
ン MeR E Oラ】ャム ソ
ラ OdASMsCブナギコ ル
ド MsCC GNンコルデ ン
【中古】COMME des GARCONS COMME des GARCONS ◆ボトム/S/ウール/NVY/RI-P006【レディースウェア】
●寸法・質量:幅:φ780mm×高:141mm、質量:3kg●光源:LED(内蔵、昼光色6500K・Ra83/電球色2700K・Ra83)、色温度:6500K、光源寿命40000時間(光束維持率70%)●器具光束:5800lm●電圧:100V●消費電力:35.8W●消費効率:162lm/W●畳数:～14畳●デザイン分類:Natural/VillaResort●【アクリルカバー】乳白つや消し●【枠】ウォールナット調・クローム仕上●昼光色Ra83●電球色Ra83●リモコン(全灯・普段・常夜灯・滅)●壁スイッチ切替(普段←→常夜灯)●リモコンで【100%～5%】調光、【昼光色～電球色】調色●専用リモコン送信器同梱●虫・ホコリの入りにくい構造●※別売の傾斜天井アダプタ( HK9039 )使用時、55度までの傾斜天井に取付可能●入力電流( 100V時):0.37A●お客様都合によるご注文後のキャンセルは『不可』となっております。●またお届けしました商品のお客様都合による「返品
交換」も行っておりません。●沖縄・離島への配送料金は別途見積もり（配送不可の場合も有）となりますのでご了承ください。●お客様都合によるご注文後のキャンセルは『不可』となっております。またお届けしました商品のお客様都合による「返品
交換」も行っておりません。●JANコード：4549980220832照明器具＞洋風シーリング照明＞洋室10畳以上用LEDシーリング照明＞パナソニックLGBZ4655こちらの商品の送料区分は「109」です。 ヴァルド S-class W221 MC / after SPORTS LINE Black Bison Edition KIT PRICE ( F.S.R ) ( 2010y ～ ) SIDE STEP ロング 【中古 】MAISON EUREKA ◆ボトム/--/コットン/BLK【レディースウェア】
Wilson Staff／硬式用グラブ／投手用（WTAHWQ1WA）『野球 グローブ ウィルソン』 BG9000 バイオギアタイツ／ロング／メンズ （K2MJ9B01 ）『オールスポーツ アンダーウェア ミズノ』 ＯＳＧ 管用平行ねじゲー ジ ３６４０３ （ 1本 ） 品番：LG-NP--G3/4 - 14 ゲリラ送料無料＼当店通常価格より【40%OFF】スーパーセール／【美品・人気】HERMES/エルメス
カシミヤ テーラード ダブルボタンコート 38 マスタードイエロ ー [ レディース 黄色 秋 冬 上着 アウタ ー
M ] 【中古】ぽっきり ★19 jp62 【中古】DANTON◆19AW/WOOL FLANNEL サロペット/JD-2601 FDT/36/GRY【レディースウェア】 【中古】MAISON EUREKA ◆メゾンエウレカ/ワイドパンツ/FREE/コーデュロイ/ブラック/無地/070JS/中古【レディースウェア】
ゲリラ送料無料＼当店通常価格より【40%OFF】スーパーセール／【美品】BALENCIAGA/バレンシアガ シルク×カシミヤ混 リボン付き ひざ丈 ニットワンピース 38 ブラック [ 黒 絹 ウール おしゃれ 高級 長袖 ベルト ]
【中古】ぽっきり★19iy19 proedge／フ ルZIP 中綿トレーニングジャケット（EBWP19101）『野球 ウェア（メンズ /ユニ） エスエスケイ』 ヤマト 酸素用圧力調整器 ＳＳ ボーイ（関東式 ） （ 1個 ） 品番 ：SSB-OXE 【6月10日24時間以内がお得！エントリーでP17倍確定!★ガチ得クーポン発行中！】【取り寄せ・同梱注文不可】
ソネット プレミアム ブラウ ンPGT 万年筆 XF 5121668 18 金ペン先【新生活】 【引越し】【花粉症】 ヨシムラ パワーアップキット モンキ ー 288-124-0001 HD 店
Revol Tiger／レボルタイガー／一般軟式内野手用グラブ（MT7HRG03）『軟式野球 グローブ 美津和タイガー』内野手用 ＯＳＧ ねじ用限界リングゲージ メートル （Ｍ）ねじ ３１４０７ （ 1個） 品番：LG-GR-2-M22X1.5 ベッド パレットホワイト ナチュラル ハート スター 耐震 強化 宮付き 照明付 コンセント付き 子供家具 子供用ベッド ベット 姫系 アウトレット ナチュラル 白 ブラウン お姫様 女の子 セール 木製 シングルベッド インテリア 耐震 強化 フレーム キタコ パワーパッ ク
12年-13 年 PCX150 、PCX 230-1431900 HD 店 イスカル Ｃ スモウカ ムＩＱヘッド ＩＣ９０８ ＣＯＡＴ （ 2個） 品番：HCP 122-IQ IC908 【アウトレット】ファビオルスコーニ Fabio Rusconi ビジューデザインスエードミュール （ブラックスウェード） 【中古 】AMERI ◆AMERI VINTAGE CLAIRE FLARE SKIRT /ロングスカート/FREE/ポリエステル/WHT【レディースウェア】
Albuquerque police carried out a “ fraudulent ” investigation into a drunk , on - duty police officer who killed a woman in a hit - and - run after leaving a bar , a lawsuit filed in a New Mexico court states .
On April 6 , 2008 , Sgt. Andrew Gallegos left an Albuquerque bar where he had been drinking while on duty , got into his pick - up truck and ran over 47 - year - old Vera Ann Haskell , says the lawsuit ( PDF ) filed by Haskell ’s family .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gallegos then allegedly fled the scene without notifying police or emergency responders .
Haskell died soon afterward .
According to the lawsuit , when investigating officers identified Sgt. Gallegos on security camera footage , they notified Gallegos and even granted his request for a five - hour delay in the investigation .
“ Sergeant Gallegos was supervising and directing the fatal investigation even after he was APD ’s primary suspect , ” the lawsuit states .
“ This conduct shocks the conscience . ”
Haskell was allowed to supervise the investigation for more than a day before the matter was turned over to the department ’s Criminal Investigations Division , the lawsuit asserts .
Two days passed before police searched Gallegos ’ home , and before they formally interviewed him for the investigation .
According to news reports at the time , Haskell had no fixed address and was struggling with an alcohol problem at the time of her death .
She was reportedly passed out next to Gallegos ’ pick - up truck when he ran her over as he left the parking lot .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the PoliceCrimes.com forum , Gallegos was charged in December , 2008 , with evidence tampering and leaving the scene of an accident .
He was suspended without pay pending the outcome .
In April , 2009 , a judge ruled that Gallegos had committed no crime in the incident .
But the Haskell family ’s lawsuit says the sergeant was given inside information that “ was used by Sergeant Gallegos to concoct an alibi and defense . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
They are suing Gallegos , the city of Albuquerque , the Albuquerque Police Department and the bar where the incident took place .
It gives me no joy to write this .
I know it will upset a lot of readers , and that 's never pleasant .
So I might as well come right out and say it :
The new Buick Regal is a really nice car .
If you regard the federal government 's taking a majority stake in General Motors in 2009 as an unforgivable overreach by the Socialist in Chief Obama , a political payoff to the United Auto Workers , a fleecing of the taxpayer , etc. , nothing would conform to that narrative better than a ugly , spastic Buick Regal .
After all , the government can't ...
As a young bishop in the West Indies I once celebrated a memorial Mass for a local “ madame ” who ran a brothel near my Cathedral .
It was said she smuggled women in from other islands in oil barrels for her business .
Some women suffocated in the crossing .
She herself was murdered by her lover .
At the Mass I met the woman ’s daughter , a lovely little girl .
I asked her what grade she was in .
She replied that she did n’t go to school .
I sent a stern glance to her grandmother , who said : “ Her name is the same as that of the brothel .
The other children were so cruel to her , she left the public school . ”
I told her grandmother , “ Take her to the Catholic school tomorrow . ”
Catholic schools exist for the good of the children and our admission standards must reflect that .
We have never had categories of people who were excluded .
We have often given preference to children from a parish where a school is located , siblings of children already enrolled at the school or Catholic children from nearby parishes .
Sometimes we might not be able to accept children , because of behavioral problems or other circumstances that would be disruptive to a school community .
While there are legitimate reasons that might lead to a decision not to admit a child , I believe all would agree that the good of the child must always be our primary concern .
As you might know , St. Paul School in Hingham has been at the center of a matter that was widely reported on recently , involving a child of same sex parents who wanted their child to attend the school .
One of the very unfortunate results of the public reporting on the issue was undue criticism of Father James Rafferty who is pastor at St. Paul Parish , and who I consider one of our finest pastors .
He made a decision about the admission of the child to St. Paul School based on his pastoral concern for the child .
I can attest personally that Father Rafferty would never exclude a child to sanction the child ’s parents .
After consulting with the school principal , exercising his rights as pastor , he made a decision based on an assessment of what he felt would be in the best interest of the child .
I have great admiration for Fr. Rafferty ; he has my full confidence and support .
In Boston we are beginning to formulate policies and practices to deal with these complex pastoral matters .
In all of our decision making , our first concern is the welfare of the children involved .
With that in mind , the essence of what we are looking at is the question of how do we make Catholic schools available to children who come from diverse , often unconventional households , while ensuring the moral theology and teachings of the Church are not compromised ?
It is true that we welcome people from all walks of life .
But we recognize that , regardless of the circumstances involved , we maintain our responsibility to teach the truths of our faith , including those concerning sexual morality and marriage .
We need to present the Church ’s teachings courageously and yet in a way that is compassionate and persuasive .
The Archdiocese of Denver has formulated a policy that calls into question the appropriateness of admitting the children of same - sex couples .
It is clear that all of their school policies are intended to foster the welfare of the children and fidelity to the mission of the Church .
Their positions and rationale must be seriously considered .
I want to also recognize the work of Dr. Mary Grassa O’Neill , Secretary for Education .
She was respectful of all the people involved in this matter and showed leadership in attempting to resolve the matter as was within her responsibilities as Superintendent of Catholic Schools in the Archdiocese .
There were no easy decisions made and all the people involved approached this from the same perspective : the pastoral care and best interests of the child .
Going forward , we will be consulting on these issues with a wide - range of people including the Presbyteral Council and Archdiocesan Pastoral Council .
We will work to develop policies and procedures to guide our faithfully carrying on the mission of our Catholic Schools to serve children and to do so with the heart of Christ .
Two Volcanoes Erupt – Is It The End of Times ?
Image via Wikipedia
Two volcanoes are wreaking havoc in Latin America .
One in Guatemala and another in Ecuador .
The Tungurahua volcano in central Ecuador erupted on Friday , sending a large cloud of ash into the air .
No injuries or deaths have been reported , but authorities continue to monitor the event .
The volcano is located 90 miles south of Quito .
Tungurahua had also erupted in 1999 and 2006 .
Meanwhile in Guatemala , the Pacaya volcano that erupted on Thursday , has killed at least three people , including a TV reporter , Aníbal Archila , who was hit by rocks and debris .
Pacaya is only 17 miles south of Guatemala City — the country ’s capital .
Guatemala emergency personnel say that four villages have been evacuated and at least 1700 people have taken shelter elsewhere .
Dozens of people have suffered injuries and at least three children have been reported missing .
On Friday , the Pacaya volcano seemed calmer after overnight rains hit the area , but geologist predict the volcano will spew lava in the next several hours .
Technology Expertise
We Think we Can Accomplish Anything
Use the expertise of dedicated Indian IT experts and get Innovative and affordable Web solutions
Different challenges for chipset vendors , device manufacturers , platform providers , mobile carriers and Internet companies are included in the mobility industries and thus , it pressurizes the mobile and web development company to deliver reliability and satisfactory service to their tech - savvy customers .
As different types of platforms and OS available in the market , it becomes compulsory for Development Company to learn all such techniques to lead the market and make themselves superior .
Virtual careers are the biggest trend in the workforce right now .
Over the last decade more and more people have chosen to forgo the nine - to - five and embrace the digital world of work .
This growing trend means there ’s never been a greater opportunity to find a work from home jobs .
It also means that competition for these careers is steep and getting steeper .
If you ’ve ever wanted the freedom of working at home , now is the time to get serious and make it happen .
Here ’s the good news … you ’re in the right place .
This is exactly where you want to be when starting your job hunt .
Our guide will walk you through all the steps of finding the right work at home job , learning the skills necessary to be a qualified candidate , and landing the job of your dreams .
About The Work from Home Jobs Guide
Our team conducted extensive research and testing to create a comprehensive list of 2020 ’s most in - demand jobs you can do from the comfort of your own house or anywhere for that matter .
We promise to live up to our name ( kurrently ) and keep this list up - to - date , relevant , and actionable .
There ’s a few things to keep in mind when reading this guide .
Skip to comments .
Hawaii governor announces ' exact ' place of Obama birth
World Net Daily ^ | 5 -5-10 | Joe Kovacs
Posted on by STARWISE
click here to read article
To : onyx ; penelopesire ; seekthetruth ; television is just wrong ; jcsjcm ; BP2 ; Pablo Mac ; ...
~~Ringy Dingy !!
by 2 posted onby STARWISE ( The overlords are in place .. we are a nation under siege .. pray , go Galt & hunker down )
To : STARWISE
Then showing the birth certificate wo n’t be a problem ?
To : STARWISE
' The question has been asked and answered , and I think we should all move on now '
Wishful thinking .
I know it 's a headache for the gov and all but this is the future of American we are trying to protect .
by 4 posted onby The Thinker ( Communists : taking over the world one kooky doomsday scenerio at a time . )
To : STARWISE
Was she just quoting Zero ’s leter to Kapiolani after his inauguration ?
How would Lingle know — she sealed the BC and only Zero or a relative could see it under Hawaiian law .
by 5 posted onby exit82 ( Democrats are the enemy of freedom .
Sarah Palin is our Esther . )
To : STARWISE
Bump
To : STARWISE
Keep that screen shot .
Snopes has already changed .
Checking internet archive now to see when it changed .
by 7 posted onby Domandred ( Fdisk , format , and reinstall the entire .gov system . )
To : STARWISE
by 8 posted onby shield ( A wise man 's heart is at his RIGHT hand ; but a fool 's heart at his LEFT .
Ecc 10:2 )
To : Domandred
Oh neato .
That page blocked by the wayback machine .
by 9 posted onby Domandred ( Fdisk , format , and reinstall the entire .gov system . )
To : STARWISE
Although the governor now claims she issued a news release stating Kapi'olani is Obama 's birthplace , the actual release said no such thing , making no reference to Kapi'olani nor any other specific location of Obama 's birth .
For LTC
Lakin you 'll have to show that Obama birth certificate in court .
To : Red Steel
It should n’t be a mystery ... he ought to willingly show it .
No matter where he was born I think he ’s hiding something and I do n’t think he has the right to hide such things from We The People .
by 11 posted onby Aria ( " The US republic will endure until Congress discovers it can bribe the public with the people 's $ . " )
To : STARWISE
Well , let ’s see the original verified , unaltered true birth certificate .
That should not be a problem .
I hope they do n’t mind my not taking their word alone for it .
by 12 posted onby freekitty ( Give me back my conservative vote ; then find me a real conservative to vote for )
To : STARWISE
" the president was , in fact , born at Kapi'olani Hospital in Honolulu , Hawaii " Did this hospital confirm this and do they in fact have a copy ?
by 13 posted onby The Thinker ( Communists : taking over the world one kooky doomsday scenerio at a time . )
To : freekitty
He is still not a natural born citizen if his father was born out of this country .
Why do they insist he is ?
He is n’t .
by 14 posted onby freekitty ( Give me back my conservative vote ; then find me a real conservative to vote for )
To : STARWISE
LOLOLOLOLOLOL
To : STARWISE
I personally never doubted he was born in Hawaii .
But I do think there 's something on the birther cert .
that he does n't want the public to see ... like that his parents were n't married or something embarrassing .
To : Siena Dreaming
Actually , the birth certificate is worthless ... grandmother had a bc issued without a father or a mothers name on it .
by 17 posted onby shield ( A wise man 's heart is at his RIGHT hand ; but a fool 's heart at his LEFT .
Ecc 10:2 )
To : exit82
How would Lingle know she sealed the BC and only Zero or a relative could see it under Hawaiian law .
And Hawaii has just passed a stricter law prohibiting requested information of Hawaiian vital statistics and other associated birth information .
So Lingle , why is Hawaii doing its best to cover up records that Hawaii maintains ?
That 's not being open and honest .
To : Red Steel
Typical politician ... “ yes , I understand that
people have a right to know if he ’s natural
born American citizen , but it ’s been settled .
Just move along .... ”
by 19 posted onby STARWISE ( The overlords are in place .. we are a nation under siege .. pray , go Galt & hunker down )
To : STARWISE ; LucyT
Then she should n’t have any problem naming the doctor in attendance at the birth .... should she ?
If this information is acceptable for her to divulge now , why not produce the birth certificate and be done with it once and for all ?????
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Canadian Heritage Minister James
Moore delivered a keynote address at a conference sponsored by the Chamber of Commerce 's IP Council today and according to media reports warned against " radical extremists " seeking to oppose Bill C - 32 .
It should be obvious to virtually everyone that labeling those that seek reforms to a copyright bill as " radical extremists " is an embarrassing slander that should be promptly retracted .
While there are undoubtedly some that oppose the bill altogether ( just as there are some that want tougher reforms including three strikes ) , characterizing those concerned with a copyright bill in this manner is wholly inappropriate for a cabinet minister .
So when Moore warns about radical extremists opposing C - 32 , who is he speaking of ?
Who has criticized parts of the bill or called for reforms ?
A short list of those critical of the digital lock provisions in C - 32 would include :
Of course , criticism of C - 32 is not limited to the digital lock provisions with groups such as ACTRA , Writers ' Union , Access Copyright , and the Canadian Conference of the Arts among those criticizing fair dealing or other elements of the bill .
Moreover , at the event Moore was speaking at , an entertainment industry representative from Vivendi criticized the notice - and - notice approach in C - 32 .
In other words , all opposition parties , consumers , universities , teachers , students , business , and many creator groups are all seeking changes to C - 32 .
Does Moore really believe that they are all radical extremists ?
Who is he referring to ?
Update :
With the release of the full video , there is an answer .
He is referring to me and the thousands of Canadians speaking out for fair copyright .
My response here .
Update II : Video confirmation of the radical extremists comment in a second video clip now online .
Supposedly , young adults do n't have much of an attention span — except when it comes to love .
That 's when it seems this generation of young people is giving new meaning to the words " long - term relationship . "
Many are " a couple " for years , and some approach a decade of dating .
They 're just shy of the altar for so long that parents and grandparents are a bit bewildered .
" It 's good to get to know your partner before marrying , but one wonders how long you need , " says sociologist Andrew Cherlin , 61 , of Johns Hopkins University .
Relationships today are far different from the whirlwind courtships that blossomed in the uncertain 1930s and ' 40s .
Lyndon Johnson and Lady Bird met in August 1934 , and he proposed on their first date .
They were engaged in October and were married in November .
Prince William and Kate Middleton are perhaps the most visible example of today 's couples .
There 's speculation about an impending engagement of the son of Britain 's Prince Charles and Princess Diana , but the fact remains these 28 - year - olds are in their ninth year together .
On Saturday , Sweden 's Crown Princess Victoria , 32 , married her beau of eight years .
In the post - World War II era , couples married in their early 20s .
Now , it 's 28 for men and almost 26 for women , Census says .
Among those of marriageable age today , a delay in tying the knot does n't mean they have n't paired off ; it just takes some time to seal the deal .
" We wanted to see that we could function in a domestic environment — live together and work together and share responsibilities , so there would n't be any surprises , " says Aubrey Clayton , 30 , of New York City .
He and his fiancée , Melissa Tapper Goldman , met in 1999 at the University of Chicago .
They each moved around the country ; he to California for grad school , she to Boston and then Albuquerque .
But they kept in touch .
Each had been in a long - term relationship that ended before they started dating in January 2005 .
They were engaged five months ago .
Goldman , 29 , a documentary filmmaker , says a lot has happened in five years .
Clayton finished his graduate studies in May 2008 , but it took a year to find a job as a mathematical consultant .
In May , Goldman completed a master 's in architecture at Columbia University .
And , they just moved to a new apartment .
" It was important to me that Aubrey and I could see each other through a life change and feel good about being together , " she says .
" Change after change made me more secure knowing this was someone I could go through a lot of changes with . "
That kind of thinking makes sense , experts say .
" There 's a certain wisdom in lengthy courtships , " says Gary Hoppenstand , professor of American Studies at Michigan State University .
" If it lasts three , four , five , six or seven years , they feel like there 's something there to support a marriage that will last . "
Michael Johnson , emeritus professor of sociology at Pennsylvania State University , says the combination of a certain maturity level and the ability to work out problems before committing may help young people avoid the marital mistakes of the Baby Boomer generation .
The world has changed so drastically that experts say today 's young adults have a lot to ponder , much more than decades ago .
More education has meant delayed financial independence , which is a major reason young adults say they are n't making their relationships official .
Other reasons :
Sex before marriage is widespread ; two - thirds live together before saying " I do . "
And there 's a whole world of other potential partners yet to meet .
Though movies and TV portray perfect romances , these young adults worry about divorce — they know some relationships just do n't last .
" There 's a lot of fear percolating around marriage , " says Hannah Seligson , 27 , author of A Little Bit Married , a book about serial long - term relationships and cohabitation released earlier this year .
" They want to get it right . "
Hoppenstand , editor of The Journal of Popular Culture , says society sends mixed messages : " This romantic ideal perpetuated in popular film and TV — ' finding the one true love and the love that will last a lifetime ' — vs. celebrity culture — ' married and divorced and married and divorced and multiple mistresses . '
Day after day , it promotes this instability of romantic connections . "
Goldman agrees .
" You get all this sage advice in movies : ' You 'll just know the one . '
Those are not useful pieces of advice . "
Most expect to marry
Still , most young people do expect to get married and believe they will stay married .
A 2008 report from the University of Michigan , based on a survey of 2,300 high school seniors across the USA , found that 80 % say they will marry and believe they 'll stay married to the same person for life ; 4 % say they wo n't marry .
The rest are n't sure .
Money worries are a significant factor in delaying marriage .
" Just getting out of college , I 'm thinking ' She 's probably the one , ' but I did n't have any financial stability .
I wanted to have some foundation before I asked some chick to be with me forever , " says James Marsden , 25 , a financial adviser in Dallas , who says he and girlfriend Brittney Locey , 25 , probably will get engaged this year .
" When I started working , I felt like what I was building at work was for us , " he adds .
Locey , who works in customer service in aerospace sales , says they started dating in 2001 when she was 16 .
During that period , they broke up a couple of times and dated others .
Such on - again / off - again relationships are a new area of research , says René Dailey , assistant professor of communication studies at the University of Texas - Austin .
Although breaking up and getting back together has been considered a bad sign , she has found some couples benefit from one or two breakups .
Dailey says many " redefine their relationship " ; some change things about themselves or about the relationship and report resolving whatever problems they had .
" It used to be , if they broke up , it 's over , and the relationship is done , " says Dailey , co-author of a study published in March in Communication Monographs .
This back - and - forth reflects a desire among some to keep their options open , experts say .
" They may still have this feeling they do n't want their possibilities constricted .
' I love this person and am committed to him or her , but I do n't want to say this is it yet .
I want to have the feeling if I did want to do something else , I could do it , ' " says psychologist Jeffrey Arnett of Clark University in Worcester , Mass. , who studies emerging adulthood .
Psychotherapist Shannon Fox of Branson , Mo. , co-author of Last One Down the Aisle Wins , says these young adults do n't date seeking " marriage material . "
" They think , ' This works now .
It feels right for now , ' " she says .
" This is the generation that wo n't commit to going to a party on Saturday because something better might come along — someone better might come along . "
Cherlin does n't expect this pattern to change unless Americans want more children than they 're having now .
" If all you want is one or two kids , you can wait until your 30s to get married , " he says .
" We may in the future look more like France and the Scandinavian countries , where many couples live together a long time before marrying .
And a lot of them have kids . "
Money matters
Even young people who marry early by current standards take their time in the courtship phase .
Amber Duke , 28 , of New Albany , Ind. , dated her husband , Brent , 29 , for more than five years before they married five years ago .
" We celebrated 10 years together this past March , " she says .
" It has felt like Brent and I kind of grew up together . "
Carrie and Brandon Wallace of Denver , both 26 , grew up in Upper Arlington , a suburb of Columbus , Ohio .
They met as high school freshmen and started dating at the end of the school year .
They went to the same college and " broke up twice , maybe for a week , " says Carrie Wallace , a regulatory affairs analyst .
They married last summer .
" We wanted to have our careers established and be financially stable on our own , " says Brandon Wallace , a commercial banker .
He says he got a promotion in 2008 , which gave him the confidence to get engaged .
" I did n't want to drain our savings to buy a ring and the condo .
I actually proposed the night we moved into the condo , " he says .
The cost of weddings is something all couples think about , whether they are middle class or working class , says Cherlin .
" Marriage has become the symbol of a successful personal life .
They want a party to show themselves and others that they 've really made it . "
Dallas attorney Nicole Tong , 28 , got engaged in December , after dating her fiancé , 30 , for 51/2 years .
They just bought a house .
But she says the wedding wo n't be until March 2013 .
It will be a small gathering of at most 50 , she says .
" We do n't want to go into debt for a wedding . "
Tong says they do n't plan to have children , so there 's no rush :
" We 're just really in no hurry , and we want to make sure it 's everything we want . "
THE street fight between Brisbane Lord Mayor Campbell Newman and Cr David Hinchliffe played out in an extraordinary email exchange .
Read it here .
EMAIL #1
-----Original Message-----
From : central .ward
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 27/04/2010 7:14:46 AM
Subject : Valley Mall Key Photos
Dear Lord Mayor ,
BRUNSWICK ST MALL ON WEEKEND NIGHTS
Please see these images of the Brunswick St Mall in full swing .
I know that you and Mall Chairman Phil DiBella share my concern about the state of cleanliness of the mall when thousands of people descend on Friday and Saturday nights .
On these and other nights the mall is effectively a massive open air venue , but without the sort of control that enclosed private venues can exert .
This is why the Valley Chamber of Commerce and I have been calling for a total management plan for the Valley .
This should combine detailed planning for effective public and private transport , improved pedestrian safety , cleaning in public and private spaces , coordinated police and private security , strict private and public alcohol consumption .
The State Government has agreed this plan needs to be put in place as a high priority .
I would urge that you and all Council agencies work with the State .
As part of this plan , I would urge that further bins are provided for rubbish .
I know that we have provided about 20 extra bins in the Valley area , but more are needed .
As well , we need to have more cleaners on duty so that the rubbish does n't build up .
When people see the cumulating rubbish , they think it is okay to add to it .
Keep reducing the rubbish and mall users should get the message .
I also ask that you consider what can be done in relation to those take away venues that are the main source of the rubbish -- in particular McDonalds , Subway and New York Slice pizza .
We have asked them to have their staff assist in picking up their rubbish , but they continue to decline .
I realise that Council has limited powers , but is there anyway we can look at denying planning approvals or any other remedy to limit these sorts of takeaways ?
I look forward to your assistance and to working with you to make the Valley greener , cleaner and prouder .
Regards ,
David Hinchliffe
Councillor , Central Ward .
EMAIL # 2
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Tuesday , 27 April 2010 7:32 AM
To : central .
ward
Subject : Re : Valley Mall Key Photos
David
Phil di Bella is working hard to lift the standard of presentation of the valley and has already commenced work on this with VMAC and the chamber of commerce .
In addition , I have also met with them on these matters .
You will recall that we recently passed an amenity local law that gave council powers to deal with a range of issues around brisbane .
I would therefore be interested in your specific recommendations on what council should do in the Valley and what powers are required for this to be implemented effectively .
I am after specifics - not vague generalisations !
Apart from the issue of council spending more money on bins and cleaning ( which we already are ) - what actions will you support ?
Campbell
EMAIL # 3
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 27/04/2010 9:12:56 PM
Subject : FW : Valley Mall Key Photos
Hi Campbell ,
I 'm delighted that you 've responded to my email .
There are quite a few other emails I 've sent but have n't yet responses to , but I have n't given up hope .
Now , as to your questions , I 'm happy to respond :
1. Council should significantly increase its cleaning team particularly at night time .
Visibility and immediate pick - up is essential .
Do n't allow the litter in the area to build up .
2. Council should consider a special category of food licence for the Valley and it should be based on the prevalence of wrapping which ends up as litter on the street .
A much higher food licence permit should apply to those take away premises whose wrapping ends up contributing so much to the abandoned waste stream .
This sounds complicated , but there is almost unanimous agreement about the premises who contribute the most to litter in the Valley .
McDonalds is head and shoulders above all others -- and the management at McDonalds steadfastly refuse to ask their staff to help in cleaning up the litter .
3 . The higher Council fees should be hypothecated to increased Council cleaning services in the Valley .
I look forward to your response .
Regards as always .
David
EMAIL # 4
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Tuesday , 27 April 2010 9:22 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : Valley Mall Key Photos
David
Come on !
Surely you have some other ideas than this ?!
If we are to make a difference in the valley I need to know what you will support .
Surely there are other initiatives ?
Campbell
EMAIL # 5
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 27/04/2010 9:39:05 PM
Subject : RE : Valley Mall Key Photos
Hi Campbell .
I 'm really honoured by all this attention .
Do n't you think these suggestions below would be a good start .
Anyway , where are your ideas ?
I 'm just a humble Opposition bckbencher after all .
You 're the boss ...
Cheers .
David
EMAIL #6
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Wednesday , 28 April 2010 6:00 AM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : Valley Mall Key Photos
David
If you are serious about the issue then you will put on the table what measures you will support
For example in your first email yesterday you made reference to the state of private property " cleaning in public and private spaces , "
Given your long experience in the valley I am sure you have ideas on what should be done and what powers council should exercise .
For example - what sort of anti littering law enforcement should occur ?
Let 's hear about these ideas !
Campbell
EMAIL # 7
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
Sent : Wednesday , 28 April 2010 10:13 PM
To : ' Campbell Newman '
Subject : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hi Campbell ,
Sorry to take so long in getting a reply back to you .
I 've had a chat with a few property owners in the Valley and I think we 've come up with the solution .
How about a rates reduction for property owners who contribute to cleaning up their property ?
What a great incentive that would be .
For example , I have been discussing with owners of the large ' hole in the ground ' in Wickham St and Community Gardens to discuss the possibility of establishing a community garden on what is otherwise the largest ' wasteland ' in the heart of the Valley .
The property owner has recommended a rates discount as an incentive to cleaning up this site .
There you are -- I 've given you another great idea .
Now that I 've answered your questions , is it possible please to have an answer to my email from last week in relation to the tree house and the similarities with the sculpture you unveiled in Chinatown Mall ( photo attached ) .
The excerpt from the email last week is :
" I note you have provided me with a copy of the report on safety as it relates to the tree house .
I now provide you with a photograph of children clamboring over the sculpture you recently opened in Chinatown mall .
I 've included both a photo of the children climbing the sculpture and of you unveiling it about 2 months prior .
As you can see it is almost the height of the tree house -- although the surface below is a lot harder .
Is it your intention to fence off this sculpture ?
Will you put a sign up warning people of the danger and will that satisfy Council 's liability ?
Will it be removed because of public liability ?
I have routinely seen many children climbing on the statue .
If they fell , they would fall on the hard concrete below or perhaps on a sharp object .
Incidentally , I do not propose that the sculpture should be fenced off or that it be torn down and removed .
This photo highlights what might be seen as a double standard . " ( email sent to you from me at 11.20 am on 21.4.2010 )
Look forward to the response .
David
PS , I heard you had a good time in New Farm today .
You 're welcome to come down to New Farm , lower the speed limit ( and pick up the rubbish ) any time .
Cheers .
EMAIL #8
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 29/04/2010 8:26:59 PM
Subject : FW : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hello again Campbell .
Have n't heard back from you today .
Please let me know what you think about the rates rebate idea and of course the issue of liability in relation to the sculpture .
Cheers .
David
EMAIL #9
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 7:49 AM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
You were given the opportunity to put real ideas on the table to clean up the valley .
Instead you make a suggestion that people need to be given a financial incentive to actually comply with the local laws of the city that you passed in the 1990s that obliges those owners to keep their buildings clean !
Again I ask you , what measures do you support to clean up the valley ?
You are the local councillor , you have been responsible for the area for twenty years , do n't you have any ideas at all ?
By the way , why have you allowed the place to degenerate in the way that it has ?
Why does it take someone like Phil Di Bella to actually get something happening ?
Looking forward to some straight answers
Rgds
Campbell
EMAIL # 10
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 30/04/2010 8:08:38 AM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hi Campbell
Thanks for your response .
I 'll come back to your very personal responses about cleaning the mall later , but in the meantime , would you please address the issue of the sculpture and the photo I provided more than a week ago ?
And can we please play the ball and not the man Campbell .
Thanks .
David
EMAIL # 11
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 8:10 AM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
Time to do your job as a councillor and stop playing games
EMAIL # 12
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 30/04/2010 8:20:03 AM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hello again Campbell .
No game playing here Campbell I assure you .
Just as there was n't any game playing at the public meeting out at Marchant the other night .
Can you advise as Lord Mayor of the City with over $ 1 billion at your personal direction what YOU intend to do about the issues I have already referred to you ?
Do Opposition Councillors now decide policy ?
Has there been a change to the City of Brisbane Act I do n't know about ?
Let me know which officers I can direct and I will be only too pleased to have a small army of cleaners and compliance officers down in the Valley on a regular basis .
Are you going to continue to avoid responding to the issue of the photo I have already shown you of 3 and 5 year old children climbing a 3 m statue above a concrete mall while you remove a cubby house constructed by children of Newmarket ?
Are you also going to meet with those Newmarket children ?
I would have thought a Mayor like Jim Soorley or Sallyanne Atkinson would n't have had any trouble in doing that .
In fact they would have earned points from fronting up .
Thanks Campbell .
Look foward to your answer .
David
EMAIL # 13
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 8:25 AM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
Plse provide some answers to the direct questions I have put to you about how we should approach the clean up of the valley .
You , as usual , evade anything where you have to show some real leadership
Over to you !
Actually , I think I will leave it to Mr di Bella - I have more confidence in him than you
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 14
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 30/04/2010 8:41:26 AM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Dear Campbell
I have already provided many answers to your questions :
.
I have requested more bins and more cleaners and more regular cleaning .
.
In relation to the one park in the Valley heart area -- Trudgian Place , I have asked that Council provide daily cleaning and for the bushes which conceal inappropriate behaviour in the park to be removed .
I have requested this on many previous occasions .
Do I have your authority to direct officers to provide daily clean - ups for Trudgian Place and to remove the undergrowth in this park ?
.
I have also suggested that there should be real incentives for owners to clean up their premises .
Contrary to your understanding , there are no ordinances or local laws that require a property owner to paint their building .
If you want to introduce such local laws please get your many officers in Legal section to draw up the local law , spell out the detail and I will certainly consider them .
.
I have also made the very brave suggestion of having different levels of permits to take into account take away food providers in the Valley and that the level of permits and permit fees should take into account the potential for litter creation .
You have not commented at all on that proposal at all .
.
I also have engaged with QUT 4th year Architecture students to design proposals for activation of laneways in the Valley and I will be sponsoring a display of their work and forum in the Valley in June .
I will certainly be sending you an invitation to attend the opening of that display .
So , Campbell , I am more than willing to respond .
Now , please , for the benefit of those young children in Newmarket who have invested so much time and commitment to that tree - house , can you please respond to THAT issue .
Warm regards ,
David
EMAIL # 15
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 8:55 AM
To : Danita Goodwin ; David McLachlan ; Jane Prentice ; Kylie Jacobson ; Nick Kennedy ; Troy Bilsborough ; David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
It distresses me when someone who has been a councillor since 1988 says :
" . I have also suggested that there should be real incentives for owners to clean up their premises .
Contrary to your understanding , there are no ordinances or local laws that require a property owner to paint their building .
If you want to introduce such local laws please get your many officers in Legal section to draw up the local law , spell out the detail and I will certainly consider them . "
Plse read the local law that you passed as a member of the soorley administration pertaining to the valley malls .
Very clearly it says that in the brunswick st and chinatown mall that bcc can compel owners to clean and paint their buildings .
Check out local law 21 and refresh your faulty memory !
Why do n't you know the facts ?
Will you back the enforcement of laws that you put in place back in the 1990s and were also amended in 2007 when you had the numbers and were the chair for economic development ?
As I have said - time for straight answers and an end to game playing !
Kind Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 16
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
To : David McLachlan
To : Troy Bilsborough
To : Nick Kennedy
To : Danita Goodwin
To : Kylie Jacobson
Sent : 30/04/2010 9:01:56 AM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Dear Campbell
Back in the 1990s , Council provided the paint for property owners .
Check the records .
If you 're happy to do that again , we have a deal .
Now , can you please advise if we can have the extra cleaners , the daily servicing of Trudgian Park , the new fast food licence permits , the incentives for owners to carry out work on their premises ( not just painting ) outside the Valley Mall as well as inside , can I also have the power to direct officers as you suggested I should be able to do as local Councillor ... and can you please answer the question of liability in relation to the children of Newmarket and the sculpture in Chinatown .
I still have n't had a response .
Thanks again Campbell .
Always enjoy our correspondence .
Regards as always .
David
EMAIL # 17
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 9:07 AM
To : David McLachlan ; Jane Prentice ; Kylie Jacobson ; Nick Kennedy ; Troy Bilsborough ; David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
I do n't remember you handing out free paint in the period 2004 to 2008 or you ever mentioning it !
You are the councillor and you stand condemned by all for your inaction on these matters .
Anyway , as I said I will leave it to Mr Di Bella .
I know that he wants real outcomes and he is someone who make a difference .
It 's sad that you are demonstrating once again that you do n't really want to work with me for a better Brisbane .
Kind rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 18
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
To : David McLachlan
To : Troy Bilsborough
To : Nick Kennedy
To : Kylie Jacobson
Sent : 30/04/2010 9:15:31 AM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Dear Campbell ,
Is it painting of the buildings in the mall that you think is the problem in the Valley ?
I suggest you come down to the Valley and see the litter especially on Friday and Saturday nights .
I also suggest you have a look at Trudgian park .
The painting of property is one of a number of issues outside the Malls , but no one ( other than yourself ) tells me the painting of buildings in the mall is by any measure their most significant issue .
It 's the state of the footpaths and the paving .
Come into Chinatown and see the disgraceful stains on that paving .
It looks appalling .
You picked the wrong pavers for Chinatown .
So , can you please advise for the record , is your problem with the Valley the painting of buildings in the Mall ?
All the best .
David
EMAIL # 19
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 9:44 AM
To : David McLachlan ; Jane Prentice ; Kylie Jacobson ; Nick Kennedy ; Troy Bilsborough ; David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
I asked you several emails ago whether you supported the enforcement of anti - littering laws
Just tell me your position !
Why is it so hard ?
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 20
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
To : David McLachlan
To : Troy Bilsborough
To : Nick Kennedy
To : Kylie Jacobson
Sent : 30/04/2010 6:19:59 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hello again Cam .
Hope you 've had a good day .
Now , in relation to " enforcement of anti-littering laws " , are you proposing to conduct a crackdown on the public littering in the malls and fine each person $ 200 ( as per the regulations ) ?
Are you wanting my view on these fines ?
As Lord Mayor of this city , please just tell me what you 're proposing to do and as local Councillor I 'll be happy to give you my views .
I 've already given you some great ideas on cleaning up the Valley and I 'll be happy to respond to your plans for a litter crackdown if you just tell me what those plans are .
Can I remind you again please about the issue of the tree house at Newmarket , about meeting with the children and about the issue of the sculpture in Chinatown .
Thanks .
Have a good weekend .
( I imagine I 'll see you on Labor Day . )
Regards ,
Dave
EMAIL # 21
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Friday , 30 April 2010 6:49 PM
To : David McLachlan ; Jane Prentice ; Michael Corkill ; dibellacoffee ; David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
You have , sadly missed the point .
After twenty years as the local councillor you have " discovered " there is an issue .
You have conveniently forgotten all your history in passing local laws that could be used to deal with these matters .
When asked a clear , simple question by me you can't even provide a statement about what you want to do to deal with the issues .
Its like this David - what will you support ?
You are the councillor , you represent the local community and business owners .
What do you want the administration to do ?
Show some leadership , put aside politics and let me know what you will support !
Kind regards
Cam
EMAIL # 22
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
To : David McLachlan
To : Michael Corkill
To : dibellacoffee.com.au
Sent : 30/04/2010 8:09:21 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hi Cam .
Good to hear from you again .
I have one simple question Lord Mayor as leader of our City : Can you advise whether you want to give everyone who litters $ 200 fines ?
Campbell , you 're our leader .
You know how much I respect your leadership .
I 'm happy to keep asking you as our city 's leader what you actually propose and I 'm then more than happy to provide you with my response ?
This issue of litter and cleanliness has been growing steadily in the last two years .
Complaints would confirm that .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that my request for you to explain what you plan to do is a simple request .
Now , on that other issue I have been writing to you about , Cam , on behalf of all the children of Newmarket who have had a hand in building the tree house and who have enjoyed using it , when will you meet with them ?
You were voted as the leader of our city and these residents and their children expect that their leader will be brave enough to face a group of kids .
My very great respect for you would be sadly diminished if you continued to refuse to meet with some of the most inspiring young people our community has produced .
I have now asked you to meet with these residents and their children no fewer than 14 times and will continue to do so until such time as you are prepared to answer me .
So , Cam , please front up to these young kids and meet with them .
I 'm not asking you to meet with Nicole Johnston or myself or Shayne Sutton -- just some kids who are really feeling let down by the system .
Now -- on the other issue -- as soon as you tell me what you want to do with litter , I 'm only too pleased to respond .
By the way , what did you think of all the other proposals I made in relation to take away food etc ?
Always good to communicate .
Have a great weekend .
David
EMAIL # 23
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 8:02 AM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
I remind you that this email exchange started when you came to me about the cleanliness of the valley .
In response I asked you to outline what you wanted the administration to do - what tough measures would you support ?
You failed to respond .
You also showed amzing ignorance of the local laws that you had put in place when you were a member of civic cabinet .
David - why can't you ever provide a straight answer ?
Why can't you stand up and show some real leadership and suggest courses of action that may be contentious ?
Again I ask you to outline , to specify what you will support to deal with the cleanliness / litter issues in fortitude valley .
As to the cubby house / tree house - the matter is in hand .
Thanks
Cam
EMAIL # 24
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 1/05/2010 9:50:55 AM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Hello again Cam .
I have included another photo I took an hour ago in Queen St .
Can , I am actually disappointed that as Lord Mayor you have n't told me what you -- as leader of this city -- are prepared to do in relation to litter in the Valley and city centre .
You wo n't tell me what you 're prepared to do and you have n't commented on any of the suggestions I 've already made .
In the absence of any suggestion from you , I ask if you support having 20 Council officers working with Police on Thursday , Friday and Saturday nights to patrol the Valley ( not just the malls ) and the City centre instructing people who litter to pick up their litter and advise them if they fail to do so they will be fined .
If they fail to respond , then I suggest either CARS or the Police fine them .
But I also recommend you take on board my other suggestions as well to provide real incentives as well .
There has to be a mixture of carrots as well as sticks .
There still needs to be a lot more bins and a lot more regular cleaning carried out .
Since you , as Lord Mayor and leader of the city , have not made a single suggestion in relation to enforcement of litter , I guess a mere backbencher like myself has to fill the vacuum , even though we do n't have any legislative power .
Now , unlike you , I can't direct officers .
So my opinion will have absolutely no force whatsoever if you continue to ignore me .
As Lord Mayor , you have the power to take action .
I call on you carry out my request .
Allocate the staff , work with the police and start tonight -- please .
Now , as for the apartment buildings in the CBD who have converted to short term accommodation , I would be pleased if you could provide me with a solicitor from Brsibane City Legal Practice to see if some local law could be developed where stronger controls can be exerted over providers of short term accommodation to ensure that we do n't have the sort of problems occurring on the Gold Coast .
Again , Cam , I would really appreciate your views on this .
So far I have only received insults and I have yet to receive one suggestion from you .
That truly disappoints me .
David
PS , will you meet with the children of Newmarket ?
EMAIL # 25
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 12:34 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
I have concerted push within council to improve the cleanliness of the CBD and Valley .
This is particularly being spearheaded by VMAC in relation to valley malls .
My position on laws that we have that impact on these issues is that they should be administered in a firm , fair and friendly way .
I suggest that you work with Mr Di Bella and with Cr Mclachlan on these matters .
It would be helpful if you could provide some leadership ( for once ) and actually say what your position is .
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 26
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
Cc : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
Cc : David McLachlan
Cc : Troy Bilsborough
Cc : Nick Kennedy
Cc : Kylie Jacobson
Sent : 1/05/2010 1:09:08 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Thanks Cam .
I note in your email that you " have concerted push within council " .
Can you please explain what do you mean by administering laws in a " firm , fair and friendly way " .
Again , it 's not clear what you actually stand for in relation to dealing with this growing litter problem .
( By the way , you could have mentioned support for ' motherhood ' in there as well .... )
I have provided email after email with creative and constructive suggestions including the most recent and still you say you do n't know what my position is .
Frankly Cam
I think the criticism you 've had from public meetings and the media of late might have distorted your perception of things .
I do n't think you can see constructive proposals when they 're presented to you .
I have presented so many constructive and creative -- and controversial -- suggestions , but you say I have n't provided a " straight answer " .
Anyway , I can but try .
So , can you please advise in a firm , fair , friendly and clear way your answers to the following :
1 . I have specifically proposed providing 20 Compliance officers to work with the police at specific times in relation to littering .
Do you support that or not ?
Will you direct officers or not ?
2 . Will you introduce a class of food licence for takeaways in the Valley to take account of litter production or not ?
3 . Will you provide additional bins or not ?
Will you provide additional cleaning services for bins or not ?
4 . Will you provide rates incentives for property owners who come up with creative initiatives for using derelict spaces such as the hole in the ground at Wickham St ( eg as community market garden ) or not ?
5 . Will you direct officers to clear out the under - storey of bushes etc at Fr Trudgian Place on St Pauls Tce ( note the many photos I have already sent you ) or not ?
6 . Will you direct Council legal officers to assist in developing regulations to tighten up management of short term accommodation buildings in the CBD or not ?
7 . Will you authorise me to give officers directions ( which I currently cannot do ) in relation to cleaning up the Valley and the CBD or not ?
When you answer these questions , we 'll all know what sort of leadership you 're prepared to provide on this issue .
In the meantime , I 'll be looking for something " firm , fair and friendly " from you in the near future .
Regards as always ,
David
( PS , When are you meeting with the children of Newmarket to talk about their tree house ? )
( PPS .
The Governor will be opening an exhibition in the Valley ( just off Chinatown ) in support of the 139 Club at 5 pm on Friday night next week , May 7 .
I would be delighted if you could be my guest and attend .
You should have already received the invitation . )
EMAIL # 27
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 1:17 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
David
You have my response .
I have had nothing from you other than the usual politics and posturing .
What 's your position on enforcement of the local laws we have on the books ?
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 28
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
Cc : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
Cc : David McLachlan
Cc : Troy Bilsborough
Cc : Nick Kennedy
Cc : Kylie Jacobson
Sent : 1/05/2010 1:40:39 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 28 )
Hello again Cam ,
Really , is that your response ?
Is that a fair , firm and friendly " No Comment " ?
That is such a shame .
No extra bins , no extra cleaning , no special permits , no working with police , no cleaning up the park , no incentives for innovative solutions ... in fact , no can do , Cam .
If you read my email # 24 ( by the way , you are personally reading these emails are n't you -- you have n't got Michael emailing on your behalf have you ? ) , you would see I specifically map out a strategy using existing local laws .
I will repeat what I said in email # 24 :
" In the absence of any suggestion from you , I ask if you support having 20 Council officers working with Police on Thursday , Friday and Saturday nights to patrol the Valley ( not just the malls ) and the City centre instructing people who litter to pick up their litter and advise them if they fail to do so they will be fined .
If they fail to respond , then I suggest either CARS or the Police fine them .
But I also recommend you take on board my other suggestions as well to provide real incentives as well .
There has to be a mixture of carrots as well as sticks .
There still needs to be a lot more bins and a lot more regular cleaning carried out . "
So , Cam , I have made position so clear so many times , but I have yet to hear what the Can Do man is actually going to do .
The invitation both to meet with children at Newmarket and to come to the Valley to support the exhibition for 139 Club next Friday night still stands .
I 'll even shout you a meal .
Regards as always ,
David
EMAIL # 29
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 1:50 PM
To : David McLachlan ; Jane Prentice ; dibellacoffee ; David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 28 )
David
All those things are happening ( as you should know being a member of VMAC and QSMAC ) !
We will get on with the job of addressing litter and amenity issues .
That 's what Phil di Bella and David Mclachlan are about .
Its a pity that the only thing that gets you interested in anything is the opportunity to do a media story ( as you have on this one today ) .
Again - I would appreciate your position on the administration of existing local laws and an indication , since you seem to allude to it some emails ago , on what additional powers council should have .
Have some courage - tell me what you want !
Regards
Cam
EMAIL # 30
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Jane Prentice
To : Campbell Newman
To : David McLachlan
To : dibellacoffee
Sent : 1/05/2010 2:21:47 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 29 )
Hi Cam
Thank you again for your latest email .
Unfortunately those things I 've outlined ( email # 26 ) aren not all happening .
I have tried so hard to keep this to specific issues and real solutions ( I refer you to emails # 1 , 3 , 7 , 14 , 16 , 20 , 24 and 26 ) and not personal acrimony and sledging .
I think it 's very unfortunate you have n't done the same .
No matter , I 'm prepared to overlook that .
As for courage , I have plenty .
Now , when will you be meeting with those little kids in Newmarket ?
Regards
David
( P.S. Does this mean you 're not coming to the 139 Club exhibition next Friday night ? )
EMAIL # 31
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 3:04 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 29 )
David
Sorry - you have n't answered the questions that I have put to you
Please let me know what your position is ?
What enforcement action of the local laws on the books of the BCC do you support ?
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 32
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 1/05/2010 3:38:15 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 31 )
Dear Cam ,
With the greatest of respect , of course I 've answered these questions .
I refer to email # 24 below ( as well as all the others ) .
You have n't replied once to any of my questions .
What do YOU as LORD MAYOR propose to do in relation to the local laws ?
Spell out what the Can Do team will do and I will respond further .
How about instead of emails , we meet at midnight tonight for a personal inspection .
Bring along some CARS officers and we can talk further .
Perhaps discuss your response to my questions over a nice bottle of wine -- my shout .
Regards
David
EMAIL # 33
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 3:41 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 31 )
I am already dealing with these matters and I would have appreciated your support
No - you ran off to the media to do a story
Just like you always do !
Some things just do n't change
EMAIL # 34
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 1/05/2010 3:48:30 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 33 )
But Cam you know you have my support .
I can tell there 's real regret in the tone of your email .
Just tell me what it is that you 're doing you want support for ?
Regards
David
EMAIL # 35
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 4:02 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 33 )
David
This email exchange started when you came to me about the cleanliness of the valley .
I asked you to outline what you wanted the administration to do - what tough measures would you support ?
You also were ignorant of the local laws that you had put in place when you were a member of civic cabinet .
You specifically said that council did n't have the necessary powers !
A councillor who was fair dinkum and not just about politics and the media would actually have a position that he was prepared to share .
You are great at identifying problems and doing media stories but you clearly do n't know anything about solutions ( sorry unless that involves another report ) .
I will deal with issues with the support of phil di bella and cr mclachlan .
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 36
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 1/05/2010 4:09:20 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 35 )
I 'm sorry Cam .
I 've told you I 'm happy to support you as Lord Mayor if you just tell me what it is you want to do .
What more can I do than that ?
I just want to know what it is specifically you want to do in the Valley .
Is that really too much to ask ?
I 've given you so many good ideas that clearly you 're not getting from people like Michael Corkill -- and I 'm not being paid half as much as Michael !
I just wish you could put aside all the disappointment you must be feeling about the criticism you 've had at public meetings and in the media and realise that I 'm here to help .
Any time .
Now , take my advice , spend some time with the family and later tonight we can check out the problem first hand in the Valley and settle this over a nice , cheap bottle of wine .
David
EMAIL # 37
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 4:13 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 35 )
David
Thanks for the email exchange .
I feel it documents quite clearly the approach that you take to most issues .
Its been a real eye opener to a number of the people I have shown in to today .
The general reaction has been " so that 's what david is really like " .
Rgds
Cam
EMAIL # 38
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 1/05/2010 4:16:09 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 37 )
Vice versa Cam .
Have a rest and all the best .
David
EMAIL # 39
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 4:17 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 37 )
Same to cheers
Cam
EMAIL # 40
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 16:19
To : Campbell Newman
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES ( EMAIL # 39 )
Amen ...
Email # 41
-----Original Message-----
From : Campbell Newman
Sent : Saturday , 1 May 2010 4:37 PM
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
No
Allellulia !
EMAIL # 42
-----Original Message-----
From : David Hinchliffe
To : Campbell Newman
Sent : 1/05/2010 4:42:28 PM
Subject : RE : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
Sorry , do n't you mean " alleluia " or possibly " hallelujah " !
Now , take that rest , for both our sakes .
Cheers .
David
EMAIL # 43
From : Campbell Newman
Date : 1 May 2010 4:47:51 PM
AEST
To : David Hinchliffe
Subject : Re : CLEANING UP THE VALLEY AND PUBLIC LIABILITY ISSUES
You are the journalist !
Ill take your word for it
Originally published as Inside the Lord Mayor 's inbox
Be Afraid of the FLU [ BIOHAZARD ] Essential T - Shirt
€ 18.04
So , What About Tennessee ?
Last weekend , the media was focused on a failed attempt of a terrorist to blow up a bomb in Times Square .
The media was focused on the Gulf Oil Spill that threatened the spoil the ecosystem of the Louisiana Coast .
Nearly a week later , the oil had yet to reach the US mainland but had spoiled some uninhabited islands off the coast .
Certainly , the oil has caused great harm to marine life and the ecosystems of those islands .
It seems inevitable that the oil will eventually find its way to the US mainland .
Nevertheless , it seems counter - intuitive but it ’s not completely out of the question that ocean currents keep the oil offshore .
Probable ?
No. Possible ?
Yes .
The point is that we can thank the ineptitude of the bomber that the Times Square Bomb did not go off and no one was hurt .
We can thank the NTSB and NYPD that the guy was caught .
Thank goodness that so far the oil has not had the feared effect and , if luck holds out , we will dodge a bullet .
So , those two events were big news that held great potential for harm but had done no huge harm .
Yet , on May 1 and May 2 , 30 Americans were losing their lives in parts of the South and parts of Tennessee were feeling great harm from flooding that has not been seen in the region for at least a generation .
That news received relatively little attention .
People were dying .
Property was in fact being destroyed .
No if ;
No maybe ; No could or might .
It was happening .
Yet the media dismissed it .
The Cumberland River at Nashville crested on May 3 at 51.86 feet , which is not an all - time record .
The all - time record on New Years Day 1927 was over 56 feet .
The next six highest crests were in the late 19th Century .
The eighth all - time high point was last weekend ’s event but it was the highest by far since the Cumberland River was controlled by a dam system in the 1960’s .
The previous high since the control system was put in place was was 47.6 feet on March 15 , 1975 .
The Cumberland River at Clarksville set an all - time record river level of over 62.5 feet .
That surpassed the previous March 14 , 1975 record by nearly 5.5 feet and was 16.5 feet above flood stage .
Record river levels were also found in various locations on the Duck River and Harpeth River as well as on the Red River and Buffalo River .
Nashville also had some other records broken : Calendar day rain total of 7.25 ″ breaking old record of 6.60 ″ on Sept. 13 , 1979 ; 12 hour rain total of 7.20 ″ - old record 6.37 ″ Sept. 13 , 1979 ; 6 hour rain total of 5.57 ″ - old record 5.17 ″ Sept. 13 , 1979 ; 24 hour rain total of 9.09 ″ spanning parts of May 1 and May 2 - old record 6.60 ″ Sept. 13 -14 1979 ; greatest 2 - day calendar day total of 13.57 ″ shattering the old record on Sept 13 - 14 1979 of just 6.68 ″ .
It should be obvious the previous big rain days was September 13 and September 14 in 1979 .
That was the result of the remanant of Hurricane Frederick that had come on shore at Mobile Bay the night before .
Oh , by the way , there were also 3 tornadoes confirmed in the Nashville region .
The clean up will take months .
( slide show )
It was n’t just Nashville and the surrounding area .
It was almost all of Western Tennessee .
The Memphis region confirmed 13 tornadoes , one of which killed three people .
Many parts of Western Tennessee received 10 - 15 inches of rain with doppler radar estimates as high as 20 inches in some areas .
The main rail line of the CSX railroad connecting Nashville and Memphis is closed .
Why you ask ?
Two bridges were washed away .
The railroad will try to work quickly but the line will be closed for 4 - 6 weeks .
Memphis and Shelby County health experts are concerned about disease resulting from prime mosquito breeding conditions following the flood .
Of particular concern is the West Nile Virus and St. Louis Encephalitis .
On Thursday a flood victim was discovered in Memphis .
He has a name .
It ’s 32 - year - old Terrance Williams who went missing 5 days before early Saturday morning .
Williams death brings the storm death total to 30 with 19 killed in Tennessee from flooding , one from a tornado and 10 others in Mississippi and Kentucky .
CNN says its 31 .
Downtown Nashville has been shut down with many iconic destination locations like the Grand Old Opry suffering damage that may take weeks to repair .
But , more importantly , one of Nashville ’s two water treatment plants is out of commission .
Much like the well publicized flooding in New Orleans following Hurricane Katrina , the flood waters are contaminated with a number of toxic elements including raw sewage .
The AP reports that in the Cottonwood subdivision in Nashville , residents were trying to withstand the malodorous smell and one resident reported lots of white things in the water .
Those white items were pieces of toilet paper .
We saw all sorts of stories like that with Katrina ; Very few for Western Tennessee .
In a story in which he questions why the media has largely ignored the flooding , Newsweek reporter Andrew Romano says that Google had 8390 hits for “ Times Square bomb ” and 13 , 800 for “ BP Oil spill . ”
“ Nashville Flood ” had 2430 hits with many of those being local .
Romano points to several reasons for the dearth of reporting .
Initially , he says that the national media tends to determine what is news by what others are covering .
I ’ve seen that before and some refer to it as a “ pack mentality . ”
I ’ve been in many a TV newsroom that determines what to cover that day based on what is in the morning paper .
I ” ve done an informal study and looked at the pie charts in USA Today and found that , more often than not , it seems like at least one of those pie charts finds its way as a story on a national evening news cast .
Romano describes it as such : “ Everyone is talking about BP and Faisal Shahzad 24/ 7 , the “ thinking ” goes .
So there must not be anything else that ’s as important to talk about . ”
He then adds that the Nashville story did n’t have enough sizzle .
It lacked a political hook and there were no plots of intrigue like the BP oil spill and the Times Square story .
But , in my mind , those stories lacked a basic underlying theme : human misery .
And this was not human misery on the other side of the world .
This was misery for Americans dying and suffering .
Damage estimates are climbing to the $ 1 billion level and the governor thinks it will go higher .
The flooding in Western Tennessee could end up being one of the costliest natural disasters in US history .
Yet , by Friday , national news headlines were about the stock market and more on the BP oil spill .
The stock market is bouncing around .
The oil is still there “ threatening ” the mainland and BP is still trying to figure out how to stop the oil .
30 people are dead in Tennessee , Mississippi and Kentucky and the misery continues .
Romano says that the media suffers from Attention Deficit Disorder and that no story lasts forever .
For many news outlets , the Tennessee flooding story never existed in the first place .
The BP oil spill story is huge .
It could be a great calamity and in some regards already is a huge disaster .
The Times Square bomber story is a tremendous issue relating to the security of the nation .
But , the Tennessee flooding story is historic in many regards , especially for those families who have relatives whose history has ended .
Country music stars Faith Hill and Tim McGraw say they are in shock over what they ’ve seen in Nashville .
Perhaps it is the fact that Nashville is the home of many of country music ’s biggest stars that attention will be brought to the plight of the people through celebrity effort .
CNN ’s Anderson Cooper has been on the seen but one cannot say that the national media has really focused on the needs of Tennessee .
In other natural disasters in the United States or around the world , telethons are held for the victims .
I have n’t seen any for this disaster yet , but one is in the works by a country music cable channel .
There is an immediate need for donations cleaning supplies , face masks and work gloves .
Relief supplies are coming in from fellow Tennesseans .
A TV station in Nashville had a local telethon that raised over $ 1.7 million .
A radio station in Knoxville teamed with the Salvation Army to send much needed items , like clean water .
When Louisville was devastated by a tornado in 1890 , the residents received no help from the Federal government but instead rebuilt the city in a year on their own .
Tennessee is known as the “ Volunteer State ” and no doubt , Tennesseans are and will continue to lend a hand to their neighbors .
Much as Louisvillians did n’t run to someone else for help in the late 19th century , it is evident that Tennesseans are n’t waiting around for someone else to help .
HCA in Nashville has donated a half million dollars and is giving its employees leave to help with local relief efforts .
Country music star Taylor Swift donated $ 500 K of her own .
But , this is not a country music disaster .
These are our countrymen ; fellow Americans .
The governor has asked and received a Federal disaster declaration but by and large , Tennesseans are n’t looking for handouts .
But , Americans should and will lend a hand if the media would tell them how bad it is in the Volunteer State .
From wherever you are , you can find out how to help by clicking here to VolunteerTennessee .
net .
Country music cable network Great American Country Television will be airing a National Telethon on May 16 , but I doubt if the major networks will plan any such thing .
They just do n’t have the time .
Weather Bottom Line : Weekend weather will be spectacular if not coolish .
After topping out at 88 on Friday , the front was windy with a t’storm or two but that ’s about it .
Pretty much what I anticipated .
Look for highs in the low to mid 60’s on Saturday and for Mother ’s Day .
We could see some action around here about midweek next week .
These are men and women who saved millions of lives , without whom you might not exist , and whose names likely never came up in your history class .
It 's interesting how a man can become a local hero by saving just one life -- or how a fictional character can be considered a superhero by saving a few thousand -- when there are people relatively unknown to history who have saved many , many times more .
6 Vasili Alexandrovich Arkhipov
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Nuclear war ...
Doomsday ...
WWIII ... forget about everything Stanley Kubrick , James Cameron or ( God forbid ) Alan Moore ever mused on the subject .
Fact is stranger than fiction , and the truth is we came closer to nuclear annihilation than even the most taut Cold War thriller would let on .
More than once .
For instance , you probably know that during the Cuban Missile Crisis , the U.S. and USSR came closer to nuclear war than ever before .
But you probably do n't know that if it were n't for one man , we would all be wandering around a charred , radioactive wasteland today .
And that guy was n't JFK .
It 's 1962 , communist Cuba had gone nuclear , John F. Kennedy had the entire island under quarantine , Nikita Khrushchev was not intimidated by the young president and Kevin Costner 's reputation as a legitimate actor was on the line .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For real , they cloned Bobby Kennedy for this movie .
In the center of this hot - zone was the nuclear - armed Soviet Foxtrot class submarine B - 59 , which on October 27 , 1962 decided whether you personally would be alive right now .
While surrounded by a group of 11 U.S. destroyers and the aircraft carrier USS Randolph , the submarine was eventually subjected to a barrage of depth charges .
Taking this as the opening shots of WWIII ( which they kind of were ) , Captain Valentin Grigorievitch Savitsky ordered the B - 59's nuclear - tipped missile be launched in retaliation to the U.S. surface ships .
Had this been the case , it is likely that the U.S. , USSR , Cuba and most of Europe would have had a full shooting - war on their hands , cowboy hats and all .
A Chinese man has been arrested after allegedly stabbing to death eight people , including three family members , China 's official news agency said .
Police said that Zhou Yezhong killed his mother , wife , daughter , four neighbours and a migrant worker in eastern China 's Jiangxi province .
He was arrested on Saturday evening , less than two hours after the attacks took place , Xinhua news agency said .
China has been on alert after a number of recent knife attacks on children .
Correspondents say the attacks are unsettling in a country where such violent incidents are rare .
Some analysts have suggested that an increase in psychiatric illnesses brought about by rapid social change is behind the attacks .
Carbon Graveyard
Almost half the UK ’s greenhouse gas emissions have gone missing .
Here they are , and here are the amazing implications .
By George Monbiot , published on the Guardian ’s website , 5th May 2010
It ’s not surprising that neither Labour nor the Tories wanted to run the Guardian ’s National Carbon Calculator .
Had they done so , they would have had to acknowledge that the figures on which they base their climate change policies are a work of science fiction .
The government claims that our total emissions amount to 627 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent ( MtCO2e ) .
The Tories have never disputed this figure .
It ’s convenient for both sides to accept this falsehood , and to pretend that the challenge is far smaller than it is .
As the figures pulled together by the calculator team show , the real total ( using 2007 figures ) should be 950 Mt .
The government artificially excludes the greenhouse gas emissions caused by the goods we import and the international travel we commission .
It ’s not hard to see why ministers choose to overlook these figures .
If just the outsourced emissions ( gases released in producing goods we import ) are counted , all the cuts the UK claims to have made since 1990 would be cancelled out – and then some .
According to the government ’s provisional figures for 2009 , the UK has cut its greenhouse gas emissions by 198MtCO2e since 1990 .
But the Carnegie Institution for Science estimates that we have outsourced 253 Mt .
The sad and shocking truth is that the apparent success of the UK ’s carbon - cutting programme , on which the government bases its boast that we ’re a world leader in reducing pollution , results from the collapse of our manufacturing base and its re-establishment overseas .
So throw in 253Mt for outsourced emissions , 7Mt for the international shipping we use , 67Mt for international aviation plus the 2Mt the government has failed to include for extra greenhouse warming ( not CO2 ) caused by domestic flights , and you discover that the UK has left 329Mt of carbon off its national accounts , or very nearly 50 % of the 2007 total ( 636 Mt ) .
The figure would have been even higher had the team included the net 40 Mt of emissions which Professor Dieter Helm calculates is caused by UK citizens holidaying abroad ( net means that the emissions from foreign tourists holidaying here have been subtracted ) .
Even if the calculator achieves nothing else , highlighting this massive discrepancy should shake up the debate and change our view of what the UK has achieved .
Just as striking are the figures for manufacturing and consumption .
When I started playing with the calculator , at first I skipped over the top category .
This is because , like many environmentalists , most of my work has been focused on efforts to tackle our direct consumption of energy : the heat and electricity we use at home and in offices , and the fuel we use for transport .
I immediately ran into trouble .
However many wind turbines and nuclear power plants I commissioned , however many drivers I shoved on to the railways and businessmen I dragged kicking and screaming out of aeroplanes , I could n’t get the totals down by anything like the required amount .
Only then did I notice how great a proportion of our emissions come from manufacturing and consumption .
Consulting my book Heat , first published in 2006 , I now realise that I used to be half - aware of the scale of this issue , but somehow , in the midst of all the excited debates about how our electricity should be generated , our homes improved and our transport networks run , I had managed to forget it .
So it was a shock to discover that manufacturing and consumption ( if you include the construction industry ) accounts for 541Mt of our emissions , or 57 % of the true total .
This is a good bit higher than I thought in 2006 , because the sector ’s impact is massively boosted by the outsourced emissions the official figures do n’t count .
The great majority of the UK ’s offshore total results from our consumption of foreign goods .
The exclusion of these figures from official accounts is one of the reasons why we have neglected this sector .
Of the 541Mt caused by manufacturing and consumption , 223Mt is embodied in the imported goods ( minus food ) we consume ; 141Mt arises from the energy used by UK industries ; 87Mt from all food production and consumption ( onshore and offshore ) ; 19Mt from industrial process emissions ( the CO2 released by chemical processes like cement manufacture ) ; 23Mt from the waste we create and 48Mt from the freight vehicles ( some of them excluded from official figures ) required to move our stuff around .
Like most people in the environment movement , I spend my time talking vaguely about the need to reduce the consumption of goods , but specifically – with figures attached – about the need to reduce the direct consumption of energy .
But however well we insulate our homes , change our travel habits , alter the electricity supply and switch to more efficient appliances , however much the public sector cleans up its act and the efficiency of commercial buildings is improved , we ’ll still be only scratching the surface of the problem .
The real issue is not our direct consumption of energy but the greenhouse gases embodied in the goods we buy .
It strikes me that in focusing on direct consumption I ’ve helped to give both the government and business an unduly easy ride .
So here we bump into the second probable reason why Labour and the Conservatives have chosen not to try out the calculator ( Simon Hughes of the Lib Dems did run the calculator and shared the result ) .
It highlights the glaring contradiction in the manifestos of all three main parties : they all seek to boost economic growth by raising consumption , but consumption has already pushed greenhouse gas levels way beyond the point that they consider sustainable .
You can pursue a policy of economic growth and reduced carbon emissions only by engineering a fudge of the kind the calculator exposes : offshoring one third of our emissions , most of which arise from the goods we consume .
The impacts of rising consumption are hidden by excluding them from national accounts .
Only the Green party has approached this issue honestly , by accepting upfront that economic growth is the problem and that current levels of consumption cannot be sustained .
It ’s time we called out the other parties on their failure to acknowledge , let alone tackle , this contradiction .
And it ’s time we all recognised that consumption is the big issue .
monbiot.com
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The Taliban are scary .
Dinosaurs are scary .
But , put together , they 're actually pretty awesome .
This work of genius is courtesy Dan Evans , who has the full version at his site .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Google has released a Web browser add - on that will stop the browser from sending information to the Google Analytics service , which Web sites can use to collect data about their visitors .
Google said it developed the tool " to provide website visitors with more choice about how their data is collected . "
Web site owners can incorporate Google 's Analytics JavaScript code on their site to collect data such as when a person visited a Web site , if the person has been there before and the search terms a person used to find the Web site .
Analytics creates a cookie on a person 's computer .
Cookies are small data files used to record information about how a person interacts with a Web site .
Google 's new tool , the Analytics Opt- out Browser Add- on , tells the Analytics JavaScript that information on the Web site visit should not be sent to Analytics .
There are other tools for Firefox users that can block Analytics .
Adblock Plus and NoScript can both be set to prevent Google Analytics from receiving any information from the browser , while OptimizeGoogle blocks the Google Analytics cookie in addition to modifying other aspects of Google 's behavior , including blocking Google advertisements and modifying the user ID cookie Google assigns to users of its search engine so that they can surf anonymously .
Other cookie - management tools can also block the Google Analytics cookie , but wo n't stop Google Analytics from receiving more general information including the IP address of the Web user and the address of the page containing the Google Analytics tracking code .
Google Analytics collects the IP ( Internet Protocol ) addresses of Web site visitors but does not report the full address back to the site using Analytics .
Google says that Web site operators can collect the IP addresses of visitors regardless of whether they use Analytics .
IP addresses can be used to identify a computer connected to the Internet and are regarded by some privacy advocates as personal information .
While an IP address does not identify an individual user , it can be used by a service provider to identify a broadband subscriber .
The Analytics add - on does not stop Google from putting other cookies on a computer , such as its DoubleClick cookie , which tracks the Web pages a person visits and then serves advertisements related to that content .
The Analytics Opt - out add - on is compatible with Internet Explorer 7 and 8 , Chrome version 4 and higher and Firefox version 3.5 and higher .
Send news tips and comments to jeremy_kirk@idg.com .
The Environment Protection Minister , Peter Garrett , has admonished global environmental powerhouses Greenpeace and WWF for weakening their stance over whaling .
The green giants joined the private US Pew Environment Group to set out potential elements for a deal at the International Whaling Commission meeting in Agadir , Morocco .
The trio flatly opposed any Southern Ocean whaling , but set out principles for the hunt elsewhere , including tightly regulated catch limits , no trade , or killing of threatened species .
The move by Greenpeace in particular , with its history of total opposition to commercial whaling , drew criticism from other anti-whaling NGOs in Agadir , which are strongly opposed to the deal .
This week the trio were forced to make a clarifying statement in which they called proposed quotas " temporary exceptions " and said that , despite offering compromise principles , they fully supported the IWC 's moratorium on commercial whaling .
[ tweetmeme source= ‘ plamere ’ only_single=false ]
One of my favorite hacks at last weekend ’s Music Hack Day is Tristan ’s Swinger .
The Swinger is a bit of python code that takes any song and makes it swing .
It does this be taking each beat and time - stretching the first half of each beat while time - shrinking the second half .
It has quite a magical effect .
Some examples :
Every Breath You Take
Money for Nothing
Cream
I Will
Update – a few more tracks - by request :
Enter Sandman
Daft Punk ’s Around the world
Sweet Child O’ Mine
( one of my favs )
Do n’t Stop Believin ’
White Rabbit
( this one is hypnotic )
Swinger uses the new Dirac time - stretching capabilities of Echo Nest remix .
Source code is available in the samples directory of remix .
Be sure to check out some of the other Music Hack Day hacks like Six Degrees of Black Sabbath , Jason ’s Songbird Visualizer or the Artikulator .
Josh does n’t actually know what the character on his posterior really means , but if he shows it at the China Dragon Palace he gets a half priced buffet on Tuesdays .
Which begs the question , why is he pulling his ass out in Chinese restaurants ?
QUICK NEWS !
“ Tudykery , ” not to be confused with the similarly named , holiday time bird carcass nesting doll , is the quality by which Alan Tudyk makes things better ( or at least tolerable ) simply by being a part of them .
This “ human bacon bits ” quality is the only reason I was able to get through the first few episodes of V and convince myself it was n’t horrifically boring .
Then they killed him off and the veil of mediocrity was lifted .
How to do you make an alien lizard people invasion boring ?
Still , there is the issue of “ The Browncoat Contract , ” by which I mean the obligation of the Firefly / Serenity faithful to give every show or movie featuring one of our bright , shiny stars a more than fair chance .
It was this obligation that made me watch Nathan Fillion ’s Drive .
All 4 episodes of it .
And Adam Baldwin ‘s short lived The Inside .
This same obligation caused many of you to tune in for Jewel Staite in SyFy ’s Mothman .
My condolences .
The kind of made - for - TV scifi garbage that would usually require you to drink a gas can full of ether and Yoohoo to sit through must be given a free pass because the cute space mechanic is the one running from the CG monster that looks like it was created with a Speak ’n Spell hooked up to a George Foreman grill .
Luckily for us , there is an escape clause .
Once the Firefly veteran ’s new show takes off , you are no longer under contract .
For instance , both Chuck and Castle are successful shows .
My super bonus TV watching ability ’s are not required to save them from cancelation since “ the normals ” are watching it too .
The worst part about the Contract is that it forces me to watch shows that I already know are going to be awful just so I can feel like I am doing my part to support the actors .
Have you seen the promos for Summer Glau ’s new show The Cape ?
It ’s about a disgraced cop that decides to be Batman .
Sounds cool , right ?
Well , he spends most of his time hanging out with carnies and magicians , so… just watch the promos .
Holy lowered expectations , Cape Man !
Plans for a city - wide liquor ban in Wellington have been shelved after strong public opposition .
Wellington city councillors were debating whether to introduce the city - wide ban to curb drinking in public places , which can lead to aggressive and intimidatory behaviour .
A booze ban is already in place in central Wellington , Aro Valley and the Mt Victoria lookout .
However , the proposal for a city - wide ban sparked fears Wellingtonians could be arrested for enjoying a glass of wine with a picnic .
A council committee meeting this afternoon voted to amend the proposed city - wide ban , extending the current liquor ban area to Mt Cook and Newtown but not the entire city .
The move came despite strong support for a city - wide ban from Wellington mayor Kerry Prendergast .
'' This is a gut call , and we have to show a bit of courage and do what 's right for the community , '' she said .
The council had received 604 written submissions on the plan , with 461 - or 76 per cent - opposed to a city - wide ban .
ESPN reporter Erin Andrews has been competing well so far on Dancing With The Stars .
She is one of the final six " stars " remaining on the ballroom dancing competition , at least until another is eliminated Tuesday night during the ABC show .
Tuesday morning , on another ABC show , The View , one of the hosts , Elisabeth Hasselbeck , took it upon herself to suggest that Andrews should reconsider her wardrobe choices .
( Andrews is wearing pretty much what every other female dancer wears on the show , which is not a particularly large amount of clothing but which is enough to be shown on prime time network television . )
As has also been well - publicized , Andrews was the victim of a peeping - tom criminal , a man who peddled video he shot of Andrews through hotel room keyholes .
The man , Michael Barrett , was sentenced to prison shortly before Andrews began her Dancing With The Stars competition and Andrews was emotional in speaking about the sentencing which she believed was n't severe enough .
Hasselbeck 's opinion here was that Barrett should have not bothered with hotel room peepholes and just waited to see DWTS .
Hasselbeck also seemed to be suggesting that Andrews , because she was a victim of a man who committed a crime , should have altered her own behavior , maybe not dressed the same as all the other women competitors on the show .
Whether you believe Andrews is hurting her job credibility by appearing on the show ( an argument that does n't seem to be made for athletes like Chad Ochocinco and Evan Lysacek who are also still in the competition ) , it is patently unfair to think that Andrews needed to change her plans because she was the victim of a crime .
It 's a ballroom dance competition for goodness sakes .
Gauze , sequins , short skirts , plunging necklines ( boys and girls ) ?
That 's the deal .
And the deal does n't include an Erin Andrews exception because , well , you know , boys will be boys .
-- Diane Pucin
Photo : Erin Andrews , right , and her partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy perform on the celebrity dance competition series , " Dancing with the Stars . "
Credit : Associated Press
Events can sometimes appear longer or shorter in duration than other events of equal length .
For example , in a repeated presentation of auditory or visual stimuli , an unexpected object of equivalent duration appears to last longer .
Illusions of duration distortion beg an important question of time representation : when durations dilate or contract , does time in general slow down or speed up during that moment ?
In other words , what entailments do duration distortions have with respect to other timing judgments ?
We here show that when a sound or visual flicker is presented in conjunction with an unexpected visual stimulus , neither the pitch of the sound nor the frequency of the flicker is affected by the apparent duration dilation .
This demonstrates that subjective time in general is not slowed ; instead , duration judgments can be manipulated with no concurrent impact on other temporal judgments .
Like spatial vision , time perception appears to be underpinned by a collaboration of separate neural mechanisms that usually work in concert but are separable .
We further show that the duration dilation of an unexpected stimulus is not enhanced by increasing its saliency , suggesting that the effect is more closely related to prediction violation than enhanced attention .
Finally , duration distortions induced by violations of progressive number sequences implicate the involvement of high - level predictability , suggesting the involvement of areas higher than primary visual cortex .
We suggest that duration distortions can be understood in terms of repetition suppression , in which neural responses to repeated stimuli are diminished .
Copyright : © 2007 Pariyadath , Eagleman .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
But what does it mean to say that subjective time expands ?
We here set out to distinguish two hypotheses .
In the first , perception works like a movie camera : when one aspect of the scene slows down , everything is slowed down .
Thus , if a police car launching off a ramp were filmed using slow - motion photography , it would not only have a longer duration in the air , but also its sirens would blare in a lower pitch , and its lights would blink at a lower temporal frequency .
In this case , duration , sound pitch and visual flicker all change hand - in - hand .
The second hypothesis , in contrast , supposes that different temporal judgments are generated by different neural mechanisms–and while they often align , they are not required to .
Thus , the police car may be judged to have a longer duration in the air , even while the frequencies of its sounds and flickering lights remain unchanged .
In this paper , we distinguish these two hypotheses by testing the specific entailments of duration distortions , and in this way are able to directly address the notion of “ time 's ” subjective expansion .
Similarly , when an oddball stimulus appears midstream in a repeated presentation of stimuli ( auditory or visual ) , the judged duration of the oddball is overestimated by up to 50 % [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] .
Tse and his co-authors ( 2004 ) proposed an attentional explanation –specifically , that the duration dilation results from an increase in information processed at the time of the oddball due to the deployment of attentional resources .
Tse et al ( 2004 ) refer to the duration dilation as ‘ time 's subjective expansion ’ .
To gain traction on time representation and its plasticity , we turn to a duration distortion that is easily reproduced in the laboratory .
Specifically , the first stimulus in a train of repeated presentations is often perceived to have a longer duration than successive stimuli .
Participants report duration dilations of as much as 50 % in trains of visual stimuli [ 8 ] , [ 9 ] , and as much as 15 % in trains of auditory stimuli [ 10 ] .
The above studies proposed that the illusion is a consequence of increased arousal at the first appearance of the stimulus .
Time is commonly thought to fluctuate in its subjective rate of passage .
For example , upon first glance , the second hand of a clock sometimes seems to be frozen in position momentarily before it continues to tick at a normal pace [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] .
Perceived duration can be warped by saccades [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , flicker [ 5 ] , and life - threatening events , which are sometimes anecdotally reported to unfold in slow motion [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] .
The neural basis of such distortions remains unknown .
Participants sat 59 cm from a computer monitor and fixated at the center of the screen , and made responses using the keyboard .
All participants had normal or corrected - to - normal vision , and were consented according to the procedures of the Institutional Review Board at Baylor College of Medicine .
Results
Experiment 1
We began by quantifying the midstream oddball illusion [ 11 ] .
Six subjects ran 84 trials in which they watched 9 repeated presentations of a photograph with an oddball photograph randomly embedded between the 5th and 8th presentation .
Photographs subtended 3.1×3.1° of visual angle and were repeatedly presented at fixation for 500 ms with ISIs of 300 ms .
The duration of the oddball varied between 300 –700 ms ( Figure 1a ) .
After each trial , participants reported whether the oddball was longer or shorter in duration than the ‘ standard ’ images preceding and succeeding it .
The point of subjective equivalence ( PSE ) for the oddball was taken as the 50 % point of the psychometric function ( Figure 1 b ) .
To measure the dilation , the ‘ duration distortion factor ' ( DDF ) was defined as the ratio of the standard duration to the PSE for the oddball ( Figure 1c ) .
Note the DDF is defined in the same way as the ‘ temporal expansion factor ’ from Tse et al ( 2004 ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 1 . Duration distortion using pictures of everyday objects .
( a ) Schematic of experiment .
Participants reported whether the oddball object embedded at a random position in a stream appeared longer or shorter than the standard ( b ) Representative data from one participant .
The point of subjective equivalence was taken as the 50 % point of the psychometric function .
( c ) The Duration Distortion factor ( DDF ) is the ratio of the standard duration to the PSE of the oddball for 6 participants .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0001264.g001
All 6 participants perceived the oddball to remain on screen longer than the standards .
The relative duration distortion averaged 12 % .
This is consistent with the ∼ 14.5 % previously reported for similar stimuli ( flashed geometric shapes [ 11 ] ) .
Experiment 2
Having established the basic effect , we next tested whether other temporal measures would be distorted when durations were distorted .
For example , if “ time subjectively expands ” during the visual oddball , does that mean sounds will concomitantly appear to be a lower frequency ?
Although we take this outcome to be unlikely , it is implicitly embedded in the term “ time 's expansion ” , and has , to our knowledge , never been tested .
To this end , our next experimental design was similar to that in Figure 1a , except that now the visual stimuli ( including the oddball ) were always 500 msec , and each image was accompanied by a 500 msec auditory beep ( Figure 2a ) .
The standard photographs were coupled with a beep of 391 Hz , while the beep accompanying the oddball was randomly chosen from one of 9 values between 376–407 Hz .
Participants simply reported whether the beep accompanying the oddball was of a higher or lower pitch than the beep accompanying the standards .
Participants were not required to make concurrent duration judgments , although they typically volunteered the observation that the oddball seemed to last for a longer duration .
Further , it has been shown previously that the accompanying auditory tone is also subject to duration distortions with the appearance of an oddball [ 13 ] .
To ensure that participants were attending to the visual stimuli and not merely to the auditory stimulus , they were also required to answer an onscreen question about the oddball following each trial : “ did you see X in the series ? ” , where X was replaced by the name of an object .
On this identification task , participants performed at an average of 99.14 % ( data not shown ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 2 .
Are accompanying temporal judgments distorted with duration ?
( a ) Experimental details are the same as Figure 1 , except that the visual sequence is accompanied by an auditory beep ( top ) , or the photographs are flickered .
( b ) Mean DDF values for the visual oddball task ( averaged from Figure 1c ) , auditory pitch ( n = 6 ) and flicker rate ( n = 6 ) discrimination tasks .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0001264.g002
Participants showed no difficulty in discriminating the frequency of the beep accompanying the visual oddball from the beep accompanying the standards ( Figure 2b , middle bar ) .
We conclude from this result that the oddball illusion is not accompanied by a concurrent distortion of perceived auditory frequency .
This indicates that it is not time in general , but only visual durations in particular , that slow during the oddball .
In the next experiment , each visual presentation of the 500 msec standard photographs flickered on and off at 10 Hz , whereas the 500 msec oddball was flickered at a frequency randomly chosen from one of 7 values between 6.25 –25 Hz ( Figure 2a ) .
Participants reported whether the flicker frequency of the oddball was higher or lower than that of the standards .
As before , participants had no trouble accurately discriminating flicker frequencies of the stimuli ( Figure 2b , right bar ) .
Therefore , neither an accompanying auditory stimulus nor visual flicker was distorted in conditions that led to a clear distortion of the perceived duration of the oddball itself ( Figure 2b , left bar averaged from data in Figure 1c ) .
While this result might seem obvious from the fact that pitch is hard - coded in the cochlea , and flicker is encoded by low level , dedicated mechanisms , these experiments were necessary to directly address , for the first time , the time - perception - as - movie - camera framework .
That framework , commonly implicit in thought and language , necessitates that when perceived durations are dilated , so are other temporal measures –that is , when the police car flies off the ramp , an increased duration is necessarily accompanied by a lowered siren pitch and slower flicker rate .
This view of a unified time is implied by terms such as “ time 's subjective expansion ” [ 11 ] or “ time shrinking ” used to describe other duration illusions discussed below [ 14 ] – [ 18 ] .
Our data , however , demonstrate that perceived durations can dilate with no effect on auditory pitch or visual flicker frequency ( Figure 2 ) .
This allows us to conclude that in the oddball effect , “ time ” is not subjectively expanded ; instead , duration judgments are distorted even while other temporal judgments are not .
Experiment 3
If subjective time is not slowed down during the appearance of an oddball , what is responsible for distortions of temporal judgments relating to the oddball ?
Several authors have suggested that the duration distortion is a consequence of increased attention or arousal triggered by the oddball [ 8 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 19 ] .
For the attentional mechanism , Tse et al ( 2004 ) suggest the pacemaker - accumulator model of timing [ 20 ] , [ 21 ] to explain the duration dilation .
In this framework , an increase in arousal caused by the appearance of an oddball stimulus leads to a transient increase in the internal clock 's tick rate .
In consequence , the accumulator collects a larger number of ticks in the same period and duration is perceived as progressing slowly while viewing the oddball .
To understand the role of attention in the duration distortions , we set out to induce a larger duration dilation using more emotionally salient oddballs –i.e. , stimuli which activate the amygdala and attract attention more quickly [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] .
To this end , we replaced our neutral oddball stimuli with emotionally salient images such as sharks , spiders , snakes , pointed guns , and aggressive dogs .
All images were taken from the International Affective Picture System [ 24 ] .
We used 24 emotionally neutral images that were rated 2.56±0.5 on a scale of 1 to 9 ( where 9 represents high arousal ) , and 24 emotionally salient images that were rated 6.56±0.42 .
The oddball effect was unchanged by replacing neutral oddballs with emotionally salient oddballs ( Figure 3 ) .
This suggests two possibilities : first , since increasing the salience of the oddball failed to increase the duration distortion , it may be that the duration dilation is caused by attentional mechanisms but saturates .
Alternatively , it is possible that the oddball effect is not fundamentally an attentional effect .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 3 .
Increasing the emotional salience of the oddball does not increase the effect .
DDF values across the two categories of trials –neutral standards with neutral oddball ( e.g. , coffee cup ) and neutral standards with salient oddball ( e.g. tarantula ) .
DDF neutral oddball = 1.112 , DDF salient oddball = 1.098 , p = 0.65 .
Error bars S.E.M. n = 15 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0001264.g003
In considering the latter hypothesis , we began to wonder whether the duration distortion is caused solely by the oddball 's unpredictability , irrespective of the subsequent amount of attentional recruitment .
To test whether the predictability of the stimulus is responsible for its perceived duration , we turned to the fact that the first stimulus in a repeated series , like an oddball , appears to last longer than the subsequent presentations [ 8 ] – [ 10 ] .
We henceforth refer to this as the debut effect .
Experiment 4
To understand the effect of prediction on duration , we next asked participants to judge the duration of the first stimulus in a visual train and compare it with the stimuli that followed .
The experiment involved two interleaved types of trials–in one , the same stimulus was presented four times ; in the other , four random stimuli were presented .
Participants answered whether the first stimulus was present on screen for a longer or shorter duration than the stimuli that followed .
Since the repeated stimuli are more predictable , we hypothesized that the first stimulus would be judged to have lasted longer–perhaps because repeated stimuli would be contracted in duration .
In the case of random stimuli , because the succeeding images are not predictable from the first stimulus , no duration distortion would be expected .
With the repeated stimuli , a leftward shift in the psychometric curve was observed ( Figure 4 ) , indicating that the first stimulus in the repeated train appeared longer .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Figure 4 .
The debut effect disappears with random stimuli .
( a ) Participants reported whether the first stimulus in a series of repeated or random images appeared longer than the following ones .
Representative data from one participant shown .
( b ) Mean DDF values for the repeated and random series ( n = 6 ) .
The debut effect only occurs when stimuli are repeated ( p < 6×10−4 ) , implicating the role of predictability .
Error bars SEM .
n = 8 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0001264.g004
However , note that the first stimulus distortion disappears entirely when using random stimuli ( Figure 4 ) .
Presumably , the use of random stimuli allows each stimulus to act as an unpredicted oddball .
If predictability plays a role in the perceived duration of the stimulus , does this prediction have to be violated at a low level ( e.g. , involving the edges and the shape of the stimulus ) or a high level ( e.g. , number sequences such as 4 … 5 … 6 … ) ?
If the latter , this would implicate the involvement of brain areas higher than the primary visual areas .
To address this question , we turned to number sequences , since successive numbers differ in shape ( analogous to the random images in the previous experiment ) but are sequentially predictable .
An actin -rich invadopodium pushes through the basement membrane ( red , left ) , allowing the tumor cell to follow ( right ) .
Credit : Schoumacher , M. , et al. 2010 .
J. Cell Biol .
doi:10.1083/jcb.200909113 .
Cancer cells need all three of their cytoskeletons — actin , microtubules , and intermediate filaments — to metastasize , according to a study published online on April 26 in the Journal of Cell Biology .
A cancer cell in an epithelial layer is trapped unless it can force through the basement membrane , which cordons off the tissue .
Tumor cells start to dissolve the basement membrane with enzymes that build up within extensions called invadopodia .
How the different components of the cytoskeleton collaborate to spring the cell remains unclear .
To find out , Danijela Vignjevic and colleagues ( Institut Curie ) followed cancer cells as they started their breakout .
They found that a tumor cell escapes in three stages .
First , stumpy protrusions dig into the basement membrane .
These structures then elongate into " mature " invadopodia .
Finally , the rest of the cell follows .
In culture , crawling cells produce extensions that carry either bundles of actin or an actin mesh .
In the cancer cells , both forms of actin were necessary for invadopodia to form and grow .
However , microtubules and intermediate filaments were only essential for invadopodia to lengthen .
The researchers suggest a model for this initial step of metastasis .
Growing actin bundles push out a protrusion , which the actin mesh stabilizes as it elongates .
Only if the invadopodium stretches beyond 5 microns do microtubules and intermediate filaments get involved .
Microtubules most likely elongate the invadopodium by delivering materials such as enzymes to the tip .
Intermediate filaments , meanwhile , may brace the growing extension .
Explore further Breast cancer :
How tumor cells break free and form metastases
More information : Schoumacher , M. , et al. 2010 .
J. Cell Biol .
Schoumacher , M. , et al. 2010 .
J. Cell Biol .
doi:10.1083/jcb.200909113
Provided by Rockefeller University
Last week we were talking about first drafts ( Cover the Canvas , 6/9/10 ) .
The idea was to get Draft # 1 done from beginning to end , no matter what , even if it was n’t perfect .
The reason ?
Because once we ’ve got a first draft , we ’re re-writing , not writing .
Writing is too freakin’ hard .
The obvious next question ( or maybe it ’s the preceding question ) is : “ Okay , but how do we decide what ’s in the first draft ? ”
Work from back to front
Here ’s a principle that screenwriters use : Start at the end .
Begin with the climax , then work backwards .
I ’m a big fan of this method .
It works for anything –novels , plays , new - business pitches , music albums , choreography .
It works if you ’re Lady Gaga , it works if you ’re Mother Teresa .
First figure out where you want to finish .
Then work backwards from there .
Why does this work ?
Because it forces us to answer the real nut - busting questions :
What is this story about ?
Who ’s the hero ?
Who ’s the villain ?
When protagonist and antagonist clash in the climax , what does it mean ?
What do we really want to say ?
Case study : “ Rocky ”
Remember the first Rocky ?
Let ’s get inside Sylvester Stallone ’s head ( he wrote the script , as well as starring in the movie ) and see how Starting At The End works .
Sly ’s sitting at his typewriter .
What , he asks himself , is the climax of this story ?
It can only be one thing : Rocky and Apollo Creed slug it out in the prize ring .
Okay .
But what actually happens in the ring ?
Should Apollo wipe the floor with Rocky ?
No , too depressing –and the theme ( a loser is always a loser ) sucks .
How about if Rocky kayoes Apollo ?
Nah , unbelievable .
And again the implied theme ( a bum can become champ of the world ) comes off like a fairy tale .
But wait , suppose Rocky gets the hell kicked out of him by Apollo ( that ’s certainly believable ) , but he somehow hangs so tough that the fight ends in a draw ?
In other words , Rocky ca n’t actually defeat the champ , but he can take the punishment .
In doing that , he earns the respect of the boxing world–and of himself .
That ’s good !
Sly perks up ; he rolls a fresh sheet into the typewriter …
Sly writes what , to me , is the best scene in the movie : the Night Before the Big Fight scene .
Midnight : Rocky ’s at home with Adrian in his hellhole apartment .
He ca n’t sleep .
He gets dressed and goes down to the arena .
He walks in , alone .
He sees the ring , the stands , the posters of Apollo , the gigantic American flag .
It hits him : holy shit , this is real .
He , a ham - and - egger from the streets , will be going toe - to - toe with the heavyweight champion of the world .
Rocky exits , shattered .
Back home , with emotion , Rocky tells Adrian what he just saw and felt .
He has no chance against Creed .
He ’s been kidding himself , even to entertain the thought .
He ’s gonna get massacred tomorrow ; he ’s going to look like a fool in front of the entire world .
Then : Rocky ’s epiphany .
He lets go of the dream of winning .
Instead , he sets his aim–do or die–to last fifteen rounds .
To take whatever punishment the champ dishes out–and to stay standing .
If I can do that … if I can go the distance with Creed … then I ’m gonna know , for the first time in my life , that I were n’t just another bum from the neighborhood .
That ’s it !
That ’s the theme .
That ’s Act One , that ’s Act Two .
Working backward from the end , Sly the screenwriter has licked the story .
The end dictates the beginning
Act One and Act Two , Sly knows now , have to set up two elements :
First , that Rocky is a bum from the neighborhood –that everyone else believes this and that Rocky believes it too .
Hence , Rocky ’s job as a mob knee - breaker , his horrible apartment , “ Take her to the zoo ! ”
Second , that within this man , whom the world sees as a bum , lies the potential to rise above his situation , to reclaim ( or claim for the first time ) his honor and self - respect .
Hence ,
Mickey the trainer , the meat locker scene , the “ Flying High Now ” moment when Rocky races up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art .
Once
Sly figured out the climax , he had his theme .
He knew what Rocky represented , what Apollo represented , what the fight , the neighborhood , what Adrian represented .
A principle of leadership
I ’ve just finished a really interesting book , The Sinai Campaign by Moshe Dayan , the great Israeli general .
Dayan , facing the Egyptian army in 1956 , did the same thing Stallone did .
He worked backwards from the end .
He figured out what the Israeli Defense Forces needed to accomplish , politically as well as militarily , to extricate themselves from a dangerous situation ( Egyptian terrorism , a blockade of the straits of Tiran , etc . )
Then he figured out what actions were necessary to get to that place .
Another way to look at this principle is to think of it in terms of leadership .
What service does a leader perform ?
A leader defines the goal .
( In writing terms , he figures out the climax of the story ; in biz terms , he articulates where the organization wants to go . )
Then he turns to his colleagues and says , “ Okay , ladies and gentlemen , figure out how to get us there . ”
For us , as artists and entrepreneurs , we have to be the leader and the working stiffs .
Part of us has to define the goal –what ’s the finish ?
what ’s the climax ?
where do we want this train to end up ?
The other part has to figure out what specific actions we need to take to get us there .
I ’m not saying Start At The End is the only way to do this .
But it ’s a sound principle that applies across a whole range of disciplines .
Work back - to - front .
It works .
The trailer of the first anal
The trailer of the first anal
Blowjob in the bathroom please
Blowjob in the bathroom please
FPS : She gets her pussy pounded so good
FPS : She gets her pussy pounded so good
Brush that thong to the side and fuck that hole
Brush that thong to the side and fuck that hole
She loves her face fucked like a fuck hole
She loves her face fucked like a fuck hole
She is great at giving handys
She is great at giving handys
FPS : She gets a huge load on her face
FPS : She gets a huge load on her face
Send us your birds
Have you got something we should definitely share ?
Contact us !
Militancy in Mauritius
THEIR crimes were “ gross indecency ” and “ unnatural acts ” .
Their sentence was 14 years ' hard labour : one intended , said the judge , to scare others .
He has succeeded .
A court in Malawi last week horrified many with its treatment of Steven Monjeza and Tiwonge Chimbalanga , a gay couple engaged to be married .
The two men are the latest victims of a crackdown on gay rights in much of the developing world , particularly Africa .
Some 80 countries criminalise consensual homosexual sex .
Over half rely on “ sodomy ” laws left over from British colonialism .
But many are trying to make their laws even more repressive .
Last year , Burundi's president , Pierre Nkurunziza , signed a law criminalising consensual gay sex , despite the Senate 's overwhelming rejection of the bill .
A draconian bill proposed in Uganda would dole out jail sentences for failing to report gay people to the police and could impose the death penalty for gay sex if one of the participants is HIV - positive .
In March Zimbabwe 's president , Robert Mugabe , who once described gay people as worse than dogs or pigs , ruled out constitutional changes outlawing discrimination based on sexual orientation .
In many former colonies , denouncing homosexuality as an “ unAfrican ” Western import has become an easy way for politicians to boost both their popularity and their nationalist credentials .
But Peter Tatchell , a veteran gay - rights campaigner , says the real import into Africa is not homosexuality but politicised homophobia .
This has , he argues , coincided with an influx of conservative Christians , mainly from America , who are eager to engage African clergy in their own domestic battle against homosexuality .
David Bahati , the Ugandan MP who proposed its horrid bill , is a member of the Fellowship , a conservative American religious and political organisation .
“ Africa must seem an exciting place for evangelical Christians from places like America , ” says Marc Epprecht , a Canadian academic who studies homosexuality in Africa .
“ They can make much bigger gains in their culture wars there than they can in their own countries . ”
Their ideas have found fertile ground .
In May this year , George Kunda , Zambia 's vice - president , lambasted gay people , saying they undermined the country 's Christian values and that sadism and Satanism could be the result .
Discrimination against gays , in Africa in particular , risks undermining the fight against HIV / AIDS .
In February , those suspected of being gay were targeted in Kenya in mob violence at a government health centre providing HIV / AIDS services .
Bishop Joshua Banda , chairman of Zambia 's National AIDS Council , said that donor countries ' efforts to speak out against violations of gay rights were against Zambia 's “ traditional values ” .
The increasing crackdown on gay rights in Africa will be a disaster for public health , according to Mr Epprecht , as gay people go underground and do not get treatment for HIV / AIDS .
The problem goes beyond Africa and is more than one of state - sponsored homophobia .
In Iraq , for example , homosexuality is legal .
But in 2009 Human Rights
Watch described the persecution that men suspected of being gay there face , including kidnappings , rape , torture and extrajudicial killings .
In the aftermath of the 2003 invasion , there has been a growing fear of the “ feminisation ” of Iraqi men .
The Mahdi Army , a Shia militia , has played on these fears and , claiming to uphold religious values and morality , offered violent “ solutions ” .
Members of the Iraqi security forces have also been accused of colluding in the violence .
South Africa was the first country anywhere to ban homophobic discrimination in its constitution .
It is the only country in Africa to allow gay marriage .
In formal legal terms , it is a beacon for gay rights , says Mr Tatchell .
But the growing phenomenon of “ corrective rape ” both there and in Zimbabwe , where women are assaulted in an attempt to “ cure ” them of lesbianism , suggests these laws often fail on the ground .
As worrying to campaigners as the violence itself is a reluctance by the authorities to acknowledge that the attacks are motivated by homophobia .
In April 2008 Eudy Simelane , a South African football player who was a lesbian , was gang - raped and stabbed to death .
Two men were convicted of her murder but , in his sentencing , the judge denied that Ms Simelane 's sexuality played a part in the crime .
Hopes rose a little in June 2009 when India overturned its 149 - year - old sodomy law but since then the global trend seems to have been in the opposite direction .
Campaigners argue the proposed laws have implications beyond gay rights .
How countries treat one particularly vulnerable group is a good measure of how they will act towards the rest of their citizens .
New York ( CNN ) -- A U.S. citizen has been arrested in the Times Square bombing probe , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced early Tuesday .
Faisal Shahzad was arrested at JFK airport in New York as he prepared to board a flight to Dubai , Holder said .
" It is clear the intent behind this terrorist act was to kill Americans , " Holder said .
" We will not rest until we bring everyone responsible to justice . "
Law enforcement officials said the suspect is the person who bought the Nissan Pathfinder used in the bombing attempt .
Earlier , a law enforcement official said the buyer is a naturalized U.S. citizen from Pakistan , and that investigators are looking at more than one person in connection with the unsuccessful bombing .
CNN has learned that the Joint Terrorism Task Force investigating the bombing attempt is considering the possibility that the attempt involved more than just a " lone wolf . "
According to a source familiar with the investigation , investigators believe the plan was an intended terrorist attack to set off explosives in the heart of midtown Manhattan on Saturday night , but the individuals did n't have the expertise to detonate their device .
The Nissan Pathfinder had been sold three weeks ago in a cash deal with no paperwork exchanged , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN earlier Monday .
The $ 1,800 deal was closed at a Connecticut shopping mall , where the buyer handed over the money and drove off , the source said .
The seller described the buyer as a man in his late 20s to early 30s , and investigators are checking into phone records between the two , the source said .
A bomb made up of propane tanks , fertilizer and gasoline failed to detonate inside the SUV .
New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said the device could have produced " a significant fireball " in the heart of Midtown Manhattan on Saturday night had it detonated properly .
Earlier , authorities said they were searching for two people they wanted to question in connection with the would - be bomb .
A video obtained from a tourist in the area shows a person apparently running north on Broadway , while another video shows a balding man with dark hair removing a shirt and putting it in a bag before walking out of view of the camera , which was inside a restaurant .
" These are not suspects , " Kelly said .
" These are people we would like to speak to . "
The question of who was behind the failed bomb attempt was the subject of intense scrutiny Monday .
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder said investigators have some " good leads , " but he declined to elaborate .
And Kelly said it was " too early to say " whether the attempt was carried out by a lone wolf , international terrorists , or any other type of network .
Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud appeared on a video released less than 24 hours after the attempt , claiming Taliban fighters were prepared to inflict " extremely painful blows " in major U.S. cities .
But a senior U.S. military official said there was no " credible evidence " at the early stages of the investigation that the Pakistani Taliban was responsible for the Times Square bomb incident .
And one counterintelligence official told CNN there was no evidence of any communications among terrorist organizations overseas about the device after Saturday night 's attempt .
" People overseas were not giving high fives ... or saying anything about the bomb not working , " the official said .
" There is no indication that there was that kind of tie . "
Another U.S. official with direct awareness of the latest U.S. understanding of the incident said the Pakistani group has never shown " trans- national capabilities " like other groups , such as al Qaeda .
But such a possibility is " not something one can rule out at this early stage , " said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the information .
But Pakistan 's Taliban movement has been linked to a 2008 plot to blow up subway stations in the Spanish city of Barcelona , and at least two of the 11 men convicted in the plot came to Barcelona from Pakistan , Spanish prosecutors said .
And Jim Cavanaugh , a former agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said the bomber could have been " internationally inspired , " but the device showed little sign that a group like al Qaeda was behind it .
" Their bombs would be better funded , better fused , better materials , better knowledge , " he said .
The device inside the Pathfinder was made up of propane tanks , gasoline and fertilizer that turned out to be of a non-explosive grade , along with a metal pot containing wiring and firecrackers .
More firecrackers were found in a can on the back seat of the vehicle , sandwiched between two full , five - gallon gasoline cans and connected by wires to clocks .
Cavanaugh called the bomb " a Rube Goldberg contraption " that would have been difficult to set off .
" That does not mean that the bomb 's not deadly , " he said .
Someone close by could be hurt or killed .
" But it 's not a very reliable working system , a fusing and firing system , at all , " he told CNN .
Kevin Barry , a former New York bomb squad member , said the device had " no known signature " -- a style of construction that might link it to known terrorist groups .
That suggests it was the work of either an individual or a new organization , said Barry , who is now an adviser to the International Association of Bomb Technicians and Investigators .
Barry said the detonating mechanism lacked the energy needed to properly set off the explosion .
New York police have been examining the device for clues such as fingerprints , hair and fibers since Saturday .
The vehicle and bomb components were taken to the FBI 's forensic laboratory in Quantico , Virginia , on Monday , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said Monday evening .
CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Susan Candiotti , Barbara Starr , Jeanne Meserve , Kathleen Johnston and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .
I really like Dr. Leslie Arzt .
I do .
But the guy has some weird stuff going on .
He ’s had 3 failed marriages .
He flies to Sydney to meet his internet girlfriend for the first time .
A 14 + hour flight !
Only she is repulsed by him because he sent her photos of another guy and said it was him .
So she runs away and he catches a ride home on Oceanic 815 .
Now he ’s stranded on a tropical island and surrounded by all these super pretty ladies .
What else is a brilliant but lonely scientist to do ?
Wipe out the competition , that ’s what !
Winn Schwartau has been writing , lecturing and consulting on security for more than 25 years .
The founder of The Security Awareness Company says while technology has changed , the most influential factor in security has not — the employee or end user .
" We do n't touch networks , we touch people , " says Schwartau .
" Because , in the end , the weakest link in all of this stuff is the person at the keyboard . "
Schwartau says security managers are up against a combination of ignorance , apathy and arrogance when it comes to individual awareness .
" One thing we 've recognized over the last several years is the user does n't care about the company .
He cares about his paycheck , his review , his incremental raises , " he explained .
" A lot of companies claim to have some kind of policies about user behavior , but given the political correctness of the world , even if you have a policy that says ' Do n't do this or you 'll pay the piper ' , generally the piper does n't get paid . "
Schwartau ran through some memorable moments he 's encountered in his decades consulting in security awareness training .
Social engineering , he says , has new players and forms , but the underlying techniques usually remain the same .
Social engineering story 1 :
The postman rings , security pays the price
Winn Schwartau :
We had been hired by a large financial services firm in New York to do security awareness training .
We wanted to do an assessment of where people were with awareness based upon all of the training and policies they had going on prior to our involvement with them .
So we created a social engineering test .
It was not the traditional ' call someone on the phone and try to social engineer them . '
What we did is take their letterhead and write a letter .
We sent it through regular mail to about 30 percent of the employees .
Approximately 1200 people .
The letter said essentially : " Hi , we 're from corporate information security .
The reason you are receiving this letter is because we know social engineering occurs at work and we are going to upgrade our systems .
We then went into some detailed technical babble about how we were going to migrate this data base to this and a lot of stuff the average person is just not going to understand .
It went on to say " We know you 're concerned about security and that is the reason for this letter .
We do n't want you to communicate any of this information over anything but mail , because that is the only secure way to do this .
We need your personal details on the following things so we can transfer them into the system and verify them for accuracy because we 've been having trouble with databases in this transition . "
We told recipients : " Please do not email or fax this information .
Use ONLY the self - addressed , stamped envelope , " which we addressed to an address that was not the company 's address .
We told them we had done that because we did not want anyone at work intercepting this in the office .
We also told them we had set up a special , secure P.O. box that only the security department had access to .
After it was sent out , we received about a 28 percent response .
A very simple social - engineering test and more than a quarter of the people targeted fell for it .
Also read Social engineering attacks : Highlights from 2010 [ CSO Insider registration required ]
We 've done this in other places with phishing emails .
In one place , we sent an incredibly enticing email offering free stuff .
We did that AFTER extensive training and certification of the entire organization , which was in excess of 95 percent passing the awareness assessments .
But the response to the phishing email , even after the training , was forty percent .
No matter how many tests , assessments , and other measures , you put into place , it 's not going to work against human nature .
We can help it with training , and measure an incremental increase in awareness , but you will never achieve 100 percent success .
Takeaway : Part of awareness training needs to include specific instructions not to give out personal information to any person or department .
" Let them know : Our department will never ask you for these kinds of details , " said Schwartau .
" The proper procedure when launching a new system is to issue new credentials .
You never ask for existing credentials . "
Social engineering story 2 :
Get burned after reading
Schwartau : I got this email recently from what looked like Bank of America .
I bank with Bank of America and I do about 98 percent of my banking online .
The email was from SiteKey , their site verification system , which is actually a pretty good system .
It said " Hey , this from SiteKey and this is really urgent because you just transferred some money and we need to verify that . "
Now , I knew it was a scam because I 'm a professional paranoid .
But I 'm looking through the email , the addresses , and they are all correct !
The logos , the site key information ; all correct .
All I could think was " How they heck are they pulling this off ? "
So then I look under the links ; I do a mouse over to look under and see what is going on .
It 's still all correct .
I clicked a couple of links to see how far I could go and took some screen shots for training purposes .
I still could not figure it out .
Finally , after quite a while , I realized it :
The reason I could not figure it out is because I was on my laptop with a 13 - inch screen with low resolution .
Underneath the links , the addresses , it said ' Bank of Americil.com . '
Small i , small l . I knew better from the get go .
But how many people are going to fall for something like that ?
Takeaway :
Like the security department at work , a legitimate financial institution will never ask you for credentials through email .
They will have you call the number on back of your card , or visit the homepage you always go to .
Never , ever trust anyone who comes to you asking for credentials , said Schwartau .
That is not how it 's done .
In our next installment , Social engineering stories :
The sequel , we hear from John Sileo , a security expert who is passionate about privacy after having his identity stolen - twice .
Your browser does not support iframes .
Click here for story strater .
Major conference meetings for athletic directors and coaches start this week and extend through the month .
The ACC meetings have begun .
The Big Ten is on deck .
There may be no pressing decisions to be made , but there will be plenty of chatter on expansion -- how the NCAA tournament selection committee will handle a new 68 - team tournament in 2011 and whether or not a tectonic shift will occur in college sports .
Everyone is still waiting to see what the Big Ten will do as it contemplates whether to expand by one team to get to 12 , by three to get to 14 or by five for a mega 16 - team league that is sure to be extremely disruptive to its brethren in college athletics .
There 's no reason to pretend that this is a basketball decision .
It 's not .
It 's about football first , which means dollars more than anything else .
Travel issues are a concern but academic compatibility for the Big Ten , maybe more so than any other major conference , is a primary issue .
After a number of conversations on the subject in the last 10 days , including with one source that has direct knowledge of what the Big Ten may do , there was this piece of advice for those of us who like to speculate :
Think out of the box .
No one seems to dispute the obvious that if the Big Ten were to expand by one there is only one choice : Notre Dame .
The Irish are the one school that can allow the league to feed a 12th mouth and not dip below $ 22 million for the other 11 .
Rutgers , Missouri , Nebraska , Pitt , Syracuse or Connecticut just can't do it on their own and none of them brings the national appeal and overall cachet of the Fighting Irish .
So if you think out of the box , as advised , then seriously look at three schools that will be meeting this week with their conference members and another that will be part of another conference meeting this month .
The Big Ten is n't restricted to inviting only schools from the 63 - member Association of American Universities ( of which every current league school is a member ) , but it would certainly help on the academic side .
Prestige of universities is important .
Location in a major , travel - accessible city helps as well .
That 's why at least one source said Maryland and Georgia Tech from the ACC and Vanderbilt out of the SEC make sense .
In terms of location , Nashville , Tenn. , is less than 400 miles from Columbus , Ohio .
Bloomington , Ind. , is only four hours away from Nashville .
Champaign , Ill. , is five hours away .
Vanderbilt makes a lot of sense academically because it is similar in many regards to a school like Northwestern .
Of course , leaving the SEC for any league is a possible reach because of the money the SEC produces .
The natural rivalries for Maryland and Georgia Tech ( the latter of which joined the AAU just last month ) in the ACC might be too much to leave , but the money the Big Ten could offer may make this interesting .
Of course the Big Ten could decide to do nothing -- or like the NCAA going with the 68 - team basketball tournament over the more - hyped 96 , could go with a much tamer expansion , adding just one .
There may be some dominoes that have nothing to do with the Big Ten .
The Mountain West has to decide if it will make a run at adding Boise State from the WAC regardless of what occurs .
The MWC could be even more proactive and raid the WAC by grabbing Boise , Fresno State and Nevada .
TCU is making a play for the Big 12 if the league were to lose Missouri or Nebraska to the Big Ten or Colorado to the Pac - 10 .
The Pac - 10 has to consider Utah and Colorado as possible additions or the staid league could just stay put as it has done for decades .
BYU could be the odd school out , not invited to join either the Pac - 10 or the Big 12 .
There are still plenty of chairs to move and the picture might not be any clearer after this month .
But at least there will be plenty of chatter on the subject to make things more interesting in the dog days of summer .
Interesting Ruby and Rails Tidbits # 31
By Peter Cooper
The latest installment of our series of roundup posts , covering some of our latest findings in the world of all things Ruby ( or not ) .
These items would n't make it in as separate posts , but they should be of enough interest to Rubyists generally to make it a worthwhile browse for most readers .
Active Record " Intellisense " for TextMate
If you 've used Microsoft 's Visual Studio development tools at all , you 'll be familiar with Intellisense , a powerful autocompletion tool .
Carlos Brando ( of Ruby Inside Brazil ) has written in with news of a pseudo - Intellisense system for ActiveRecord users using TextMate .
There 's a YouTube video that shows the system in action .
Essentially , when you 're working with ActiveRecord objects , you can auto - complete field names quickly - useful if your objects are packed with attributes .
RailsWayCon in Berlin , Germany twixt May 31 –June 2 , 2010
RailsWayCon ( for which Ruby Inside is a media sponsor ) is a Rails conference being hosted in a couple of weeks in Berlin , Germany .
There 's still time to get a ticket !
Speakers include Steven Bristol , Jonathan Weiss , Heiko Webers ( of rorsecurity .info ) , Stefan Tilkov , Yehuda Katz , and Oleg Shpynov .
If you register for RailsWayCon , you also get free access to the Webinale 2010 conference .
CodeRack - A Rack Middleware Directory
Last year , CodeRack was a Rails Rumble - like contest to produce middleware for the Rack Web request abstraction system - we even listed 21 of our favorites at the time .
Now , CodeRack has been transformed into a general Rack middleware directory .
So far , 103 are listed .
AAC 2010 in Orlando , FL twixt October 28 –30 , 2010
Acts As Conference goes into its third year between October 28 - 30 in Orlando , Florida .
This year they have three content filled days including hands - on workshops , speaker sessions , open spaces , lightning talks , and more .
All attendees are treated to three days of breakfast , lunch , morning and afternoon breaks , along with conference Internet and power .
Workshops and sessions this year will focus on software craftsmanship , web development , and Agile development .
There 's " super early bird " pricing through to May 21 ( tomorrow ! ) of just $ 250 and then regular early bird pricing through to October 21 , before it reverts to the " standard price " of $ 525 .
So check it out right now if you 're interested and want to save some dough .
Workshop and session proposals are also currently being received .
_ Why : A Tale Of A Post - Modern Genius
Smashing Magazine has run a profile of Why The Lucky Stiff , the whimsical , arty creative Ruby developer who went missing last year .
The post gives a good roundup of Why 's creative output and includes a video of a presentation he gave at the ART && CODE Symposium .
Yehuda Katz On Character Encodings in Ruby
ISO - 8859-1 , UTF - 8 , SHIFT - JIS .. is it all just double dutch to you ?
Even if not , Yehuda Katz 's guide to character encodings in Ruby is a great read .
He goes into how Ruby 1.9 handles different character encodings , as well as the pitfalls to be aware of .
HDDN - A New HD Video Content Delivery Network Launches Today
NetDNA kindly provides Ruby Inside ( and many other blogs , including CopyBlogger ) with content delivery network ( CDN ) services , meaning that Ruby Inside should load pretty fast around the globe .
Today they 've launched an all - new service called HDDN - High Definition Distribution Network .
HDDN is basically an international CDN for HD video .
If you 're on Twitter , you could be in with a chance to win one of four six - month video streaming packages by tweeting about the contest .
fbgraph - FaceBook Open Graph Ruby API
fbgraph is a new Ruby library by Nicolas Santa that provides access to the Facebook Open Graph API .
( CNN ) -- Actress Lynn Redgrave died Sunday after a seven - year battle with breast cancer , according to her family .
Redgrave , 67 , was surrounded by her children at her Connecticut home when she died , the family said in a statement Monday morning .
The star of stage , film and television was twice nominated for an Academy Award : for best actress in 1966 for her role in " Georgy Girl " and for best supporting actress in the 1998 film " Gods and Monsters . "
" She lived , loved and worked harder than ever before , " the family said .
" The endless memories she created as a mother , grandmother , writer , actor and friend will sustain us for the rest of our lives .
Our entire family asks for privacy through this difficult time , " the statement said .
Redgrave is from " a family of actors , embracing as it does more than five generations , " she wrote on her official website .
She is the younger sister of Oscar - winning actress Vanessa Redgrave and the aunt of the late actress Natasha Richardson .
Her parents , Sir Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson , were British stage and film actors .
Her paternal grandparents , Roy Redgrave and Margaret Scudamore , were stage and silent film actors .
Redgrave teamed with daughter Annabel Clark in 2004 to produce the book " Journal : A Mother and Daughter 's Recovery from Breast Cancer . "
" I thought I was living very fully before this happened , " she said in 2005 .
" But in comparison , no , I really was n't .
I was n't taking the time to notice things .
I did n't see things as brightly or as sharply or as memorably as I do now .
" I really do n't let a moment slide by .
I just do n't .
It 's a big price to pay , is n't it , to have to have cancer to learn that ?
But it is in the end , I have to say , a price worth paying , " Redgrave said .
Redgrave 's professional acting debut was in 1962 at London 's Royal Court Theatre in a production of " A Midsummer Night 's Dream . "
A year later , she was invited to join Britain 's National Theatre for its inaugural season under the direction of Sir Laurence Olivier , according to her personal biography .
Her first film performance came in " Tom Jones , " a 1963 movie co-starring Albert Finney and her mother .
Redgrave 's " Georgy Girl " role three years later , opposite James Mason , earned her a best actress Golden Globe and the Academy Award best actress nomination .
Her portrayal of a wisecracking young woman was a box office hit .
Other early film roles included " The National Health , " " Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex , " " The Happy Hooker " and " Getting It Right . "
Redgrave enjoyed a revitalized film career late in life .
She won a second Golden Globe and her second Oscar nomination for her comedic role in " Gods and Monsters . "
She continued to make movies despite her illness , including her last film role in " Confessions of a Shopaholic , " which hit theaters a year ago .
Redgrave debuted on Broadway in 1967 in " Black Comedy . "
The first of three Tony nominations came in 1976 for " Mrs. Warren 's Profession . "
She was nominated again for her Broadway roles in " Shakespeare for My Father " in 1993 and " The Constant Wife " in 2005 .
She teamed with her sister Vanessa Redgrave on the London stage in " Three Sisters " in 1991 .
The sisters worked together the same year in a television version of " Whatever Happened to Baby Jane ? "
Her three Emmy nominations all came for TV work in the 1980s , including an episode of " House Calls " in 1981 , " The Shooting Company " in 1982 and " Walking on Air " in 1987 .
CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .
Deep in the Mediterranean , scientists have discovered the first complex animals known to live without oxygen .
It was previously thought that only viruses and single - celled microbes could survive without oxygen long - term .
But three new species of multicellular animals found during recent research expeditions live comfortably in oxygen - free depths , said team leader Roberto Danovaro of Italy 's Polytechnic University of Marche .
" The bodies of multicellular animals have previously been discovered [ in oxygen - free zones ] but were thought to have sunk there from upper , oxygenated waters , " Danovaro said in a statement .
" Our results indicate that the animals we recovered were alive .
Some , in fact , also contained eggs . "
The new animals are microscopic — each measuring less than a millimeter across — and they resemble tiny jellyfish .
( Read about giant mucus blobs on the rise in the Mediterranean . )
The creatures seem to thrive in the extremely salty sediments of the Mediterranean seafloor , one of the most extreme environments on Earth ( see map ) .
Oxygen - Free Ancestor
Most multicellar organisms , including humans , have structures inside their cells called mitochondria , which use oxygen to convert nutrients into energy molecules known as ATP .
( See an overview of how our cells work . )
The new animals appear to have modified versions of mitochondria called hydrogenosomes , which can produce ATP without oxygen .
Hydrogenosomes were previously known only in single - celled organisms .
It 's possible that a common ancestor of these animals from hundreds of millions of years ago had the ability to live without oxygen at least part of the time , said Marek Mentel , a biochemist at Comenius University in Slovakia who was not part of the expedition team .
As oxygen became more abundant , first in the atmosphere and then in the ocean , two lineages formed , with most — but not all — animals adapting to their new oxygen - rich environments .
When the oceans became oxygenated , there was an abundance of the energy - making chemical available to animals , said Mentel , who co-authored a commentary on the new study .
" They grew to larger sizes , and later on they adapted to land , and so on . "
Life As We Don't Know It
The study also " has strong implications for the search for life in the universe , " Abel Méndez , an astrobiologist at the University of Puerto Rico at Arecibo , said in an email .
" Few people consider the possibility of finding complex life in other planetary bodies of the solar system , " said Méndez , who was not involved in the new research , which was published in the April 6 issue of the journal BMC Biology .
Most music fans have at some point wanted to create music , but most do n't have the theory training or instrument expertise to follow through on that desire .
However , a new breed of musical instruments is making it possible for almost anyone , even the very young and the musically untrained , to pick up a touch - sensitive piece of hardware and start jamming .
We recently gave you a look at the future of musical instruments .
The iPad app in the video below is a stunning example of where the future is headed .
i Pad app Artikulator enables users to create a new kind of music notation — something completely different from notes on staves , something exponentially more intuitive — simply by sliding their fingers across the screen .
While traditional sheet music is cryptographic for the uninitiated , Artikulator is as simple to understand as a child 's toy .
A line that curves upward creates a higher - pitched sound .
A line that is bigger makes a louder sound .
Developers Mike Rotondo and Luke Iannini constructed the app in about 24 hours during a Music Hackday , a series of events that combines art and technology with fascinating results .
They hope to release their creation in the App Store soon , and they wo n't be charging for the initial version .
We also saw the app running on an iPhone , for those of you who do n't have iPads .
And yes , they 're aware this demo sounds like " dying cats " ; more timbres and sounds will be available .
We think this interface is a wonderful way to teach and learn about music and to express creative urges without getting mired down in the technicalities of making and producing music .
What 's your take on it :
Could you see yourself playing with an " instrument " such as this one ?
The Lib Dems abhor them but the coalition has already used the controversial anti-terror measures
Nobody pretended running a country would be easy , but at 10.22 pm last Tuesday the new government would have appreciated the sharp incline of its learning curve .
The special immigration appeals commission had ruled that Abid Nasser and Ahmad Faraz Khan , both aged 23 , the alleged operatives of an al - Qaida plot to bomb targets in north - west England , could not be deported to Pakistan because they risked being tortured there .
Neither could they be jailed because the evidence documenting their terrorist involvement was too sensitive to be heard in open court , meaning they could not face trial .
The government faced a dilemma .
As it transpired , the answer was there all along : the much unloved control order .
It might have been attacked mercilessly by the Lib Dems , but last week it was sanctioned by the coalition government for the sound reasoning that there is nothing better out there .
Ostensibly , control orders are about containment of risk , a palatably termed type of house arrest in the eyes of critics , a sort of prison without bars .
Introduced in 2005 a few months before the 7 July attacks on London , they are designed to stop people leading a normal life .
There are currently just 11 in use .
They can last indefinitely , and the longest one so far has been in force for three years .
Terrorism suspects – for that is their sole target – are given a boundary around their home that they cannot cross , often a mile , sometimes less .
They are not allowed to use the internet or phones , other than the one in their home – the only address that they are allowed to use .
Their passports are confiscated and they can also be banned from using buses , trains and the tube .
Often they are not even allowed to leave their home , with some facing a curfew of up to 16 hours .
In addition , they must check in daily with the police , who in turn can arrive at their home unannounced and confiscate or examine any object inside .
Suspects are electronically tagged and need ministerial permission for all manner of everyday events , such as visiting a place of worship , the identity and location of which must be clarified beforehand .
The home secretary has the power to impose other restrictions if deemed necessary .
Unsurprisingly , control orders are not cheap – the average cost last year was £ 225,633 per person .
But that is small change compared with the cost of defending this particular counter - terrorism initiative ; the government has paid £ 8 m in legal fees trying to fend off a near - constant barrage of challenges since it was introduced .
In 2006 a high court judge ruled control orders were incompatible with the European convention on human rights .
Since then , the law lords have questioned most aspects of control orders , including the length of curfews and one of its most controversial aspects : the use of secret evidence .
Just two days before the general election the supreme court was told that control orders involving a curfew lasting 16 hours a day violate fundamental rights .
Away from the judiciary , the criticism is no less stinging .
The system has been likened to an open - ended form of house arrest and criticised for its potentially damaging psychological effects , infringement of liberty and denial of fundamental rights , such as the presumption of innocence .
Given the unequivocal opposition of the Lib Dems to control orders and possible shame at having to rely on them just days into government , a full review of the system has already been announced by ministers .
History indicates that a penchant for human rights trumpeted in opposition can soon wear thin in power .
New ministers can quickly find the authoritarian measures they condemned in opposition rather less noxious once installed in government .
Reconciling personal liberty and national security has proved a difficult task for Whitehall so far .
It remains to be seen whether the swagger of a fresh government can buck that trend .
A large amount of methane is bubbling up from the ocean floor east of Siberia at a surprising rate and could accelerate climate change , researchers said yesterday .
The gas is bubbling up from the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf because warming ocean water is thawing permafrost , allowing methane trapped underneath to escape .
The amount of methane emitted by that one patch of seabed roughly equals the amount scientists believed was released by all of the world 's oceans .
But just how the discovery will affect projections of future warming is hard to say , according to a team of scientists from the United States , Russia and Sweden who published their findings yesterday in the journal Science .
" Seabed deposits [ of methane ] were considered until recently to be reliably sealed by subsea permafrost , " said the study 's lead author , Natalia Shakhova of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks .
" But what we are having now is up to 10 million tons annually escaping from this seabed .
This means permafrost does not serve as an impermeable cap or seal to prevent this leakage any longer . "
Shakhova said there is not enough information now to know whether the methane seeping up from the East Siberian Arctic Shelf -- which covers more than 810,000 square miles -- signals the emergence of a significant new source of the potent greenhouse gas .
Methane is regarded as 20 to 30 times more potent as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide .
Uncertainty over whether the release will grow
Information she and her colleagues gathered during multiple research expeditions between 2003 and 2008 suggest that the area , home to 100 methane " hot spots , " emits 8 million metric tons of the gas into the atmosphere .
That 's a relatively small slice of the 440 million metric tons of methane emitted worldwide each year from a combination of human activities and natural sources like rotting plants in wetlands , termites and wildfires .
But Shakhova pointed out that scientists had not thought subsea permafrost would begin to thaw and release the gas .
She said more research is needed to figure out whether the methane leaking from the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is an ongoing , steady phenomenon , or whether it suggests a new source of the gas is emerging as seafloor permafrost thaws .
Water over the Siberian site averages minus 1.8 to 1 degree Celsius , 12 to 17 degrees warmer than the air that helps permafrost on land stay frozen .
Martin Heimann , a scientist at the Max Planck Institute in Germany , said the amount of methane now escaping there is " negligible , " though that could change .
" Will this persist into the future under sustained warming trends ? " he said in a commentary published in Science .
" We do not know . "
Warming rivers melt the permafrost
News of methane escaping at the Siberian site follows a similar report last year , when British researchers said they found 250 plumes of methane rising from the seafloor in the Barents Sea north of Norway .
Speaking with reporters yesterday , Shakhova said it appears that river runoff flowing into the area she studied is getting warmer and raising the temperature of water near the ocean floor , where the permafrost lies .
She also noted that water over the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is unusually shallow , with an average depth of just 148 feet .
That means the methane that escapes from the ocean floor has little chance of dissolving or oxidizing as it rises to the sea surface .
" It just escapes , " she said .
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Both boys were ordered to register as sex offenders
Children on trial for adult crimes Read your comments
Two boys aged 10 and 11 have been found guilty of attempted rape of an eight - year - old girl in London .
But they were cleared at the Old Bailey of raping the girl near her west London home .
The girl had alleged she was raped in a field in October 2009 .
She was taken to hospital complaining of stomach pains .
The boys , who were both 10 at the time and cannot be named , had each denied two charges of rape and two of attempted rape of a child under 13 .
The boys , who will not be sentenced for at least another eight weeks to allow reports to be prepared , were given bail .
The jury of six men and six women were given a majority direction from the judge , Mr Justice Saunders .
The boys were found guilty of attempted rape by majorities of 10 to two .
They were convicted of two counts of attempted rape and cleared of two counts of rape .
After delivering the verdict , the judge told jurors : " It was an extremely difficult case .
No doubt it was traumatic for you to some extent as well to hear this case . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Turning to the defendants , he said : " There is little I can say which would make either parents or boys feel better , but the welfare and best interests of the children have a high priority in any sentencing procedure . "
Both boys were ordered to register as sex offenders , although the judge said he was " not quite sure " how this applied to children of their age .
Prosecutors told the trial that the boys had approached the girl when she was playing with a friend .
The jury heard that she was taken to a block of flats , a bin shed and a field .
The girl 's mother told the court she had found her daughter with the boys near a field after another child said the pair were hurting her .
But barristers for the boys , among the youngest to be prosecuted for rape , said the pair had only been playing a game like doctors and nurses .
When she was cross -examined earlier in the trial , the eight - year - old told the court she had lied to her mother about what had happened because she had been " naughty " and was worried she would not get any sweets .
Looked exhausted Mr Justice Saunders previously refused pleas from the boys ' barristers to throw out the case after the girl admitted she had not been truthful about some of her evidence .
He said that the girl had been consistent in what she told adults , including police and doctors , soon after the incident and said she had looked exhausted at the end of her evidence .
After the trial , Alison Saunders , chief Crown prosecutor at the Crown Prosecution Service London , said the allegations made by the young girl were " very serious " and the decision to prosecute " was not taken lightly " .
She said : " She had given a clear and compelling account to the police and her account was consistent with the medical evidence and with the accounts given by other witnesses to the police . "
Sadly , we still have a way to go to make sure courts work in the best way for children
Barbara Esam , NSPCC lawyer Det Ch Insp Peter Holdcroft said : " This was a very complex investigation involving a very young girl but throughout the investigation , her accounts remained consistent .
" I would like to thank her for her courage in coming forward to the police . "
NSPCC lawyer Barbara Esam said : " Research has shown that many young witnesses do n't understand the questions they are asked under cross-examination so we believe a pre-recorded interview - with the help of an intermediary in appropriate cases - to be a much better option .
" Sadly , we still have a way to go to make sure courts work in the best way for children - both defendants and witnesses - who will be frightened and need support all the way through the judicial process if they are going to give their best evidence . "
The judge invited those involved in the case to make observations about how it had been conducted .
" That is not to indicate that there is anything wrong , but we should do everything we can to improve how we deal with these things by looking at the lessons that we can learn , " he explained .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE VITAMIN D SCAM ?
By Shane Ellison M. Sc .
The People 's Chemist
May 18 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
Vitamin D hype has everyone swallowing the “ sunshine vitamin ” like Oprah swallows fat loss scams .
Scared of cancer ?
Eat vitamin D. Ca n’t get into your skinny jeans ?
Eat vitamin D. Got diabetes ?
Eat vitamin D. Tired of your wife yelling at you for watching too much Celebrity Apprentice ?
Eat vitamin D .
Nobody is immune from “ D ” hype .
Famed nutrition gurus from around the world have been pushing vitamin D on the masses .
Thankfully , I ’m not a nutrition guy .
The thought of spreading wishy - washy advice with a cute trendy smile makes me nauseous .
I enjoy solitude , research and more solitude .
So much that I do n’t even carry my cell phone , just a bad attitude .
And that ’s why I ’m a chemist , because I enjoy sleuthing for real answers behind the hype , especially when it comes to “ pills . ”
The Wonders of Sunshine
In the early 1930 ’s , some dude ( a pharmaceutical shill ) learned that as sun rays beamed down to earth at light speed – 670,616,629 miles per hour – our skin produced a family of hormones known as secosteroids in response .
I call these “ sunshine hormones . ”
Using state of the art chemistry methods , dozens of these sunshine hormones have been identified and more are being characterized every day .
Nobody is sure how many there are , or how they interact .
But one thing is for certain ; they work in orchestra - like unison to activate a host of positive actions in the body .
There is no one single player as we have been led to believe .
Sunshine hormones make you happy by giving rise to feel - good compounds in the brain , which partly explains why so many retired folks flock to Florida .
They also activate the expression of over 900 genes , which help control things like bone density , blood sugar , inflammation and much , much more .
Truth be said , nobody knows the entire scope of benefits associated with sunshine hormones .
Nor do we fully understand how they interact .
But we do know that our skin understands that too much of them can be toxic .
Fortunately , the body has a clever way of preventing the overdose .
After about 20 minutes in the sun , the friction created by the bombardment of sunshine blasting the skin creates heat , which in turn , shatters the creation of excess sunshine hormones in the skin , thereby making it impossible for us to produce too much of a good thing .
Advertisement
Profiting from Sunshine
In the 1930 ’s , seeing great profit potential in sunshine hormones , Big Pharma went to work manufacturing a copy cat .
In that pursuit , they narrowed the scope of our sunshine hormones and postulated that it was a single isolate that was responsible for the vast , biological benefits of sunshine .
At the same time , they disregarded the unique balance and protection mechanism built by the body to guard against toxicity .
Once successful in designing their “ Franken - chemical , ” they launched a campaign to systematically contaminate our vitamin and food supply with it and make billions .
Turning Sunshine into a Drug
Today , Big Pharma cartels BASF and Hoffman La Roche are the largest manufacturers of the synthetic hormone isolate .
To get the masses to swallow it , they erroneously named it “ The Sunshine Vitamin , ” AKA vitamin D. Consumers , stimulated by ads , could n’t wait to start choking it down , so much that old ladies bragged about taking the “ drug disguised as a vitamin ” to their hairdressers .
In reality though , it ’s as close to being a sunshine hormone as a tootsie roll is to being chocolate , or a porno is to having sex .
I ’m not the only one pointing out this fact .
“ Vitamin D is not really a vitamin , ” wrote scientists for the New England Journal of Medicine .
For something to be a vitamin , it should provide the body with an essential nutrient that it cannot make on its own , but requires for survival .
Since synthetic vitamin D is a drug , foreign to the body , and not required for survival , it ’s technically a fraud – an impostor posing as a vitamin .
It has “ vitamin like ” activity , which initially tricks the body into thinking the host of associated co-hormones is present .
But this biological ruse proves to be devastating to the body over time .
Before the vitamin D scam was fed to consumers , the deadly “ D ” was fed to rodents as a means of eradicating the pesky creatures .
In their report , “ The Endocrine System , ” the University of Colorado , reminds us , " Ingestion of milligram quantities of vitamin D over periods of weeks or months can be severely toxic to humans and animals .
In fact , baits laced with vitamin D are used very effectively as rodenticides [ rat poison ] . "
This is in stark contrast to naturally produced sunshine vitamins , and it is n’t hard to understand .
Once swallowed , the copycat hormone bypasses our innate protective mechanisms and throws hormonal balance out of whack .
This “ plugs ” the body with calcium and induces calcification , which leads to heart failure , kidney damage , and more .
Since it ’s a “ cumulative poison , ” people who take the recommended dose every day as vitamin D are saturating their fatty tissues , and at the same time , offsetting their God - given hormonal intelligence .
Anyone eating and drinking foods “ fortified ” with vitamin D are at serious risk .
Nutrition guru Dr. Gary Null learned this the hard way .
After sucking down his “ Power Meal ” loaded with the vitamin D supplement , New York Daily News reported that Dr. Null was hit with " excruciating fatigue " that left him urinating blood and unable to walk .
Upon checking into the hospital , Null was told that he could have died from his synthetic vitamin D ( rodenticide ) “ overdose ” - like suicide in slow motion .
Null is suing his manufacturer for putting too much vitamin D in his products .
He misses the point though :
There is no safe dose .
Advertisement
Synthetic vitamin D is poisonous in any amount due to its ability to get crammed into fat cells and accumulate over periods of months ( compared to 20 minutes when naturally produced ) , thereby disrupting hormone balance .
Nobody has ever been poisoned by naturally produced sunshine hormones .
Scientific Trickery
Promotion for the drug disguised as a vitamin is “ business as usual ” for the drug , food , and vitamin industries :
They work together to instill fear and confusion designed to blur the lines between synthetic and natural .
And they ’ve done it with a “ deficiency hypothesis ” that has everyone regurgitating their “ 25 - hydroxy vitamin D ” levels in an attempt to avoid rickets , infection , cancer and even a bad haircut , so it seems .
But it ’s as weak as my PC laptop battery ( I ’m buying a Mac soon ) .
Ever wonder who defines our “ ideal levels ? ” ( See Big Pharma cartels above . )
To date , only statistical associations are used to support the deficiency hypothesis , not causal ones .
This is akin to saying that since everyone who died of a heart attack today had a coffeemaker in their home , the likely culprit is Mr. Coffee .
It ’s simplistic at best and outright stupid at worst , especially when this rationale is used to give it to babies as “ vitamin D supplement drops . ”
But there are others …
The “ rickets rationale ” for supporting the use of synthetic vitamin D is the most frustrating .
It purports that “ vitamin D ” cured the paralyzing disease , which is prima facie evidence of its healing qualities .
Not true .
The plethora of “ sunshine hormones ” produced by the skin , and those found naturally in cod liver oil , cured rickets , not vitamin D pills made in the stinky labs of Big Pharma .
Purveyors of this myth have the Big Pharma marketing noose firmly around their neck , and probably do n’t even know it .
If the rickets rationale did n’t win you over , the “ cancer cure con ” probably did .
You ’ve seen it plastered on the headlines of every paper in the U.S and even on well known , natural health websites : Vitamin D fights cancer .
The redundancy itself should be your first clue that “ something fishy ” is going on .
The anti-cancer statements come direct from short term trials performed by “ advisors ” to Big Pharma and published in the top nutrition journals !
Worse , the trials only show a small statistical association of low cancer rates among vitamin D users over about a 5 year period .
This is plain silly .
Cancer takes more than 5 years to develop .
Even heavy smokers can survive 5 years without a cancer diagnosis , but we know cigarettes are a real threat .
Thus , any study on cancer lasting five years has very little value .
This same scheme was used by the cigarette industry to erroneously thwart off the cancer claims in the early 1970’s .
Now it ’s being used to pretend vitamin D staves off cancer .
It ’s a con , and long term vitamin D studies ( which are being ignored ) show just the opposite ( just like they did with cigarettes , of course ) .
Those who eat vitamin D show significantly increased cancer rates at ten years .
It ’s not surprising because inflammation ( via our immune system ) fights cancer , and the Franken - chemical inadvertently lowers this “ good ” inflammation , thereby putting users at risk .
A massive campaign designed to make people fear the sun has been unleashed , driving people to hide indoors and consume the dangerous “ D ” in record numbers .
Ironically , the sun was previously known as Apollo , the God of Medicine .
And yet , consumers go to great lengths to avoid it thanks to the propaganda .
It ’s their loss .
As written about in my book , Over - The Counter Natural Cures , responsible sun exposure ( minus the sun block ) and the subsequent release of sunshine hormones has proven to directly ward off cancer , as well as a number of other serial killers like obesity and type II diabetes .
Vitamin D pills have never been proven to offer such vast benefits …
And if you ca n’t get adequate sunlight for whatever reason , Mother Nature produces “ sunshine hormones ” that wo n’t accidentally put you on a hospital gurney .
Salmon , mackerel , sardines , beef / chicken liver , eggs , and select non-fortified cod liver oils are all smart choices for the “ solar challenged . ”
Combined , statistical associations and short term trial results used to promote dangerous D are nothing more than scientific trickery mastered by the same industry that pushed deadly HRT ( hormone replacement therapy ) drugs , Vioxx , and mercury laden vaccines on unsuspecting victims .
The same tricks are now being used to make a dirty buck off the natural health trend sweeping America .
In conclusion , I ’m sounding the alarm that a slow vitamin D poisoning is happening worldwide .
Vitamin D supplements and fortified foods are attacking the body from numerous sources , where it ’s behaving like the rat poison it is .
You choose , sunshine or vitamin D pills ( D2 , D3 or otherwise ) ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Highlighting the Vitamin D pill controversy , The New York Times recently wrote that “ The excitement about their health potential is still far ahead of the science . ”
Amen .
As long as excitement remains ahead of common sense and science , I ’ll take chocolate over a Tootsie Roll , and sit under the sun – probably drinking tequila – over swallowing dangerous D. Nothing like the real thing .
Senators who voted against the sweeping financial regulatory reform bill Thursday have received about 16 percent more money from the finance , insurance and real estate sector over their careers than senators who supported the measure , according to a Center for Responsive Politics analysis .
Four Republican senators joined with nearly all of the Senate ’s Democratic caucus to support the Restoring American Financial Stability Act , sponsored by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) , which ultimately was approved on a 59 - 39 vote .
These Republicans were Sens. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) , Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) and Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) .
Democratic Sens. Russ Feingold ( D - Wis. ) and Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) both voted against the bill , arguing the bill was n’t strong enough to prevent another financial meltdown , and Sens. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) and Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) were absent and did not vote .
By the Center ’s count , Wall Street interests have contributed an average of about $ 3.6 million to the leadership PACs and campaign committees of senators who opposed the bill since 1989 .
These same interests have contributed about $ 3.1 million since 1989 to the leadership PACs and campaign committees of senators who voted in favor of the legislation .
Within the finance , insurance and real estate sector , people and political action committees affiliated with commercial banks , finance and credit interests and the insurance industry have routinely favored senators who opposed this bill over the years .
The PACs and employees of commercial banks gave an average of 65 percent more money to senators who opposed this bill over the years than to senators who favored this legislation — about $ 445,700 to $ 269,800 .
The PACs and employees associated with the insurance industry donate an average of 26 percent more money to senators who voted against the legislation since 1989 than to supports who supported it — about $ 559,400 to $ 444,700 .
The PACs and employees of finance and credit companies contributed an average of 23 percent more money to senators who opposed the measure since 1989 than to senators who backed the bill — about $ 105,000 to $ 85,700 .
The PACs and employees of the securities and investment industry , meanwhile , have given an average of 16 percent more to senators who backed the legislation than to senators who opposed it since 1989 — about $ 1.02 million to $ 878,000 .
FIRE Total Commercial
Banks Finance &
Credit Securities &
Investments Insurance All Senate Total $ 329,325,086 $ 33,968,796 $ 9,447,247 $ 96,521,556 $ 49,198,231 All Senate Average $ 3,293,251 $ 339,688 $ 94,472 $ 965,216 $ 491,982 No Vote Total $ 139,975,691 $ 17,381,000 $ 4,096,900 $ 34,242,421 $ 21,817,360 No Vote Average $ 3,589,120 $ 445,667 $ 105,049 $ 878,011 $ 559,419 Yes Vote Total $ 182,276,442 $ 15,917,772 $ 5,055,313 $ 60,275,151 $ 26,238,886 Yes Vote Average $ 3,089,431 $ 269,793 $ 85,683 $ 1,021,613 $ 444,727 % Difference +16 % NO +65 % NO +23 % NO +16 % YES +26 % NO
During the first three months of 2010 , many of these interests have been active givers .
Some of the top beneficiaries of their first - quarter cash have been both of New York ’s Democratic senators , Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand , as well as Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) , the ranking Republican on the Banking Committee and Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , who won an upset victory in a special election in January .
Senators in highly competitive reelection races have also benefited from these groups ’ largess , including Sens. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) Robert Bennett ( R - Utah ) , Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , Richard Burr ( R - N.C. ) , Michael Bennet ( D - Colo . ) , Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) and Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) , who as the chair of the Senate Agriculture Committee will also participate in the conference committee to development the final version of this legislation .
Here is a list of the top Senate recipients of contributions during the first quarter from the finance , insurance and real estate sector , including contributions to their leadership PACs and campaign committees , as well as how they voted on the Restoring American Financial Stability Act .
Member Party Vote FIRE $ in Q1 ’ 10 Sen.
Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) R Y $ 895,913 Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 810,778 Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) R N $ 440,700 Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 341,706 Sen. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) D Y $ 285,450 Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga . ) R N $ 243,550 Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) R N $ 226,100 Sen. Robert Bennett ( R - Utah ) R N $ 218,450 Sen. Richard Burr ( R - N.C. ) R N $ 192,435 Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) D Y $ 190,150 Sen. Michael Bennet ( D - Colo . ) D Y $ 189,621 Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) R N $ 130,960 Sen.
Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) D A $ 114,616 Sen. Ron Wyden ( D - Ore. ) D Y $ 114,050 Sen.
David Vitter ( R - La. ) R N $ 113,100 Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif . ) D Y $ 109,860
Here is a list of the top Senate recipients of contributions during the first quarter from commercial banks , including contributions to their leadership PACs and campaign committees , as well as how they voted on the Restoring American Financial Stability Act .
Member Party Vote Bank $ in Q1 ’ 10 Sen .
Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) R N $ 104,900 Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 84,056 Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) D Y $ 63,950 Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) R Y $ 43,200 Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga . ) R N $ 35,350 Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 32,728 Sen. Richard Burr ( R - N.C. ) R N $ 28,700 Sen. David Vitter ( R - La. ) R N $ 28,300 Sen. Robert Bennett ( R - Utah ) R N $ 24,700 Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) R Y $ 17,250
Here is a list of the top Senate recipients of contributions during the first quarter from the securities and investment industry , including contributions to their leadership PACs and campaign committees , as well as how they voted on the Restoring American Financial Stability Act .
Member Party Vote Securities $ in Q1 ’ 10 Sen .
Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 475,600 Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) R Y $ 350,131 Sen. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) D Y $ 140,800 Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 104,000 Sen.
Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) R N $ 91,600 Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) R N $ 64,425 Sen. Michael Bennet ( D - Colo . ) D Y $ 63,550 Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) D Y $ 63,000 Sen. Robert Bennett ( R - Utah ) R N $ 47,300 Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) D A $ 45,816 Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) R N $ 45,000
Here is a list of the top Senate recipients of contributions during the first quarter from the insurance industry , including contributions to their leadership PACs and campaign committees , as well as how they voted on the Restoring American Financial Stability Act .
Member Party Vote Insurance $ in Q1 ’ 10 Sen .
Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) R N $ 97,000 Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) R Y $ 77,650 Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 68,650 Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga . ) R N $ 51,550 Sen. Richard Burr ( R - N.C. ) R N $ 50,500 Sen. Max Baucus ( D - Mont . ) D Y $ 44,450 Sen. Robert Bennett ( R - Utah ) R N $ 36,500 Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) R N $ 33,900 Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) R Y $ 32,150 Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) D Y $ 30,350
Dodd ’s bill is designed to add new regulations and oversight to Wall Street and investment practices .
It would establish a new independent consumer protection agency within the Federal Reserve .
It would also provide shareholders with a say on executive compensation , create new processes to dismantle large financial institutions to end the concept of “ too big to fail ” and add new oversight to the trading of derivatives , hedge funds and payday lending .
The House passed a similar version of legislation in December on a 223- 202 vote .
A conference committee will next convene to hash out the differences between the two bills , and both chambers would then need to vote on that legislation before President Barack Obama could sign it into law .
Center for Responsive Politics Senior Researcher Doug Weber contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Hungary : The Loser Takes it All John Horvath
FIDESZ won a two - thirds majority in parliament - Expectations are high and people are impatient
Victor Orban is no doubt a happy man .
After waiting for so many years on the sidelines , he finally has his hands firmly gripped on the reins of power .
As leader of the Young Democrats ( FIDESZ ) for the past twenty years , indeed since its inception , he is no longer so young and some argue neither very democratic .
Yet finally his time has come ; the question now is , time for what .
Victor Orban and the FIDESZ sealed an enormous victory on Sunday securing a much coveted two - thirds majority in parliament .
The significance of this huge victory is that it enables the FIDESZ alone to pass any laws it sees fit and even make changes to the constitution .
Such a situation is unprecedented in the history of post - communist Hungary .
While the Socialist government of Gyula Horn likewise enjoyed a two - thirds majority in parliament back in 1994 , the difference between then and now is that Horn 's majority was based on a coalition with the liberal Free Democrats .
The relationship between the two parties within this coalition was frequently uneasy , hence measures requiring a two - thirds majority often ended up by the wayside .
Coalition problems are something that the FIDESZ does n't have to worry about – at least in theory .
Yet despite the right wing euphoria over his landslide victory , the enormity of Orban 's power base is somewhat illusory .
Although 68 % of the parliament is now controlled by the Young Democrats , in reality the two - thirds threshold had been crossed by only about five or six seats .
This means that the opposition only needs to find half a dozen or so turncoats within the governing party in order to stifle major legislation or important constitutional changes .
The likelihood of this happening is real and will no doubt betray the true democratic face of Orban and the FIDESZ .
If past experience is anything to go by , then we can't expect to see much democracy in action .
The election of the current Hungarian president , Laszlo Solyom , provides a disturbing example .
The president of Hungary is elected by parliament , and in Solyom 's case his election was a close and nail - biting affair ; so much so , that it ultimately rested on a slim majority of only a handful of votes .
Fearing that some party members might vote against their candidate , the FIDESZ ordered their members to publicly show how they voted .
This action was not only undemocratic but also illegal , as such a vote is supposed to be by secret ballot .
While such undemocratic actions within parliament may have raised a few eyebrows , ultimately the FIDESZ was n't sanctioned for what clearly ran against the very foundation of the Hungarian constitution .
This is because such infringements are not considered extraordinary .
The notion of a backbencher is unheard of in Hungarian politics .
Indeed , the sanctioning of political renegades ( usually by means of paying a hefty fine ) is seen as normal and is practiced by all political parties in Hungary ; in fact , it 's explicitly worked into their respective party constitutions .
Foto : John Horvath
Winners and Losers
Without a doubt the Young Democrats dealt a devastating blow to their rivals , namely to the Socialists on the left .
If Hungary employed an archaic electoral system called first - past - the - post , as employed in the UK , Canada , and other Anglo - Saxon countries , then the FIDESZ would have won all but three seats .
This would have represented some 99.3 % of all seats in parliament .
Fortunately , Hungary employs a rather modern , representative electoral system ; hence minority voices have a chance to be heard in parliament .
For Orban personally , this year 's vote caps a two decade effort at finally winning an election .
Although the FIDESZ was able to form a government in 1998 , Orban initially lost to Horn in the first round .
It was only through a political alliance with the conservative Hungarian Democratic Forum ( MDF ) and the Independent Smaller Holders ( both of which have been since thrown on to the trash heap of Hungarian politics ) that Orban and the Young Democrats succeeded in winning the election in the second round .
The failure of Orban to win an election outright , especially over the past eight years , had led some to question his ability to lead the FIDESZ .
Yet his authoritarian style of governance within the party is the main reason why he was able to remain in Hungarian politics for so long , despite being a chronic loser .
In fact , his loss to Peter Medgyessy in the 2002 election was seen as incomprehensible given the fact that Medgyessy was clearly a weak opponent .
After such a loss most had thought that Orban should have stepped back and made way for a new generation .
The same feeling was apparent after he lost the election in 2006 to Ferenc Gyurcsany .
Although Gyurcsany was personally a stronger opponent than Medgyessy , he and the Socialists were laden with such political baggage that prior to the election it was felt by most that the FIDESZ would easily win .
Their surprising loss was such a shock to Orban that Gyurcsany subsequently became his nemesis .
Fortunately for Orban , the revelation a few months after the election that Gyurcsany secretly admitted to having " lied day and night " to voters ( the infamous Balatonoszod Speech ) had enabled him to carry on with his struggle for power .
This struggle soon turned into an obsession , so much so that the political conflicts in parliament between left and right appeared more of a personal rivalry between Gyurcsany and Orban .
The ability of Gyurcsany to hold on to power despite serious pitfalls early on had clearly driven Orban almost to the point of insanity .
He tried everything short of a coup d'état .
The dismantling of a cordon fence around parliament by him and other leaders of the FIDESZ , while seen as a form of civil disobedience buy some , was seen as an act of desperation by others .
Eventually , the financial crisis of 2008 heralded the end of Gyurcsany and the rise of Orban .
Although the country was in bad shape before the crisis , the events of 2008 made it impossible for the Socialists to pretend that things were n't as bad as they seemed .
The left in Hungary lost all forms of legitimacy and simply fell apart .
The pathetic state of the Socialists was best exemplified by a campaign poster during the second round of this year 's election .
It featured the standard fare of the Hungarian tricolor in the background and the picture of a Socialist candidate in the foreground , together with the following , simple sentence : " Please vote for me . "
Apart from the utter defeat of the Socialists , another apparent loser in the election – especially the second round – was the far right JOBBIK party .
The fact that it had made it into parliament close behind the Socialists was overshadowed by the expectation that the party would actually finish ahead of the Socialists .
In the end it obtained more or less the number of seats that pollsters had predicted that it would get .
However , it failed to secure the 50 seats it had hoped for , falling short by just 3 .
If the JOBBIK would have been able to get 50 seats then it would have been able to run its own candidate for president .
It 's another story altogether if this candidate would have stood much of a chance , but in any case only the FIDESZ and the Socialists will now be able to put forward candidates for president .
All this is not to say that the only winner in this year 's election was the FIDESZ .
Another winner was an emerging green party called the LMP .
The LMP is a Hungarian acronym for " Politics Can Be Different " .
A relative newcomer to the scene , the LMP surprised many by not only making it into parliament but by doing so with a relatively strong showing .
It appears to have brought a fresh breeze into the stale air of Hungarian politics .
Occupying a vacuum on the left wing of the political spectrum , the LMP already appears to be a serious rival to the Socialists .
For the moment observers are unsure of what to think of the LMP .
Some , however , have already voiced their disappointment with the party noting that they seemed to be already sitting on their laurels from the first round , being comparatively inert during the second .
Silent Promises
During his speech following the vote on Sunday , Orban framed his victory as a political revolution .
He also stressed the historic significance of the FIDESZ win , noting that nowhere in Europe had a party won with such a large level of support .
What he had failed to mention , however , was also that nowhere in Europe was an election as empty and boring as in Hungary .
There were no political debates at all and issues were clearly absent .
The one thing that Orban and the FIDESZ had learned from the past eight years is to say little and promise nothing .
Orban himself is an excellent public speaker , but a lousy debater .
This was apparent in the previous two elections where his performance apparently did more harm than good .
As a result , the FIDESZ decided this time round not to take part in any public debate and avoided mentioning issues at all .
This position was strictly reinforced when a tactical mistake was made early on in the campaign and the issue of pension reform had slipped out .
This error led to a slight drop in support as the party scrambled to contain the damage .
Ironically , while the FIDESZ and the right wing justifiably criticized the former Socialists for duping voters in previous elections by lying to them about their program , the same sort of criticism can be now leveled at the FIDESZ in the present .
In essence , voters had been duped by not being told anything .
In the end , the result is the same : people are not getting what they had hoped or voted for .
Expectations are high given the present state of affairs .
The country is facing massive problems : a high national debt and budget deficit coupled with record high unemployment has rendered the country more or less insolvent .
In addition to this , the backlash to the financial crisis of 2008 is only now starting to make itself felt : some 20,000 people face eviction or repossession in the coming weeks , with many more soon to follow .
A government moratorium on repossessions has already twice been imposed and it's highly unlikely that the problem can be avoided any further .
The FIDESZ is quite aware of this but has simply decided to ignore the problem .
Instead , for the next few months the new government will be able to divert public attention by focusing its efforts on tackling corruption and public security issues .
There is no question that these are also big problems which need to be dealt with , however the fear is that while the focus of public attention is elsewhere , measures and policies that run counter to what people thought they voted for will be discreetly pushed through .
This can already been seen in the first interview that Orban gave the day after the election .
When talking about reforming the tax system , the FIDESZ leader alluded to how complicated it was to fill out a tax return , and noted that it should be as short and simple as a beer coaster .
In effect , what he was referring to was his desire to introduce a flat tax in Hungary , something which Orban had never talked about in public and an issue which the majority of Hungarians are against .
Big business and the IMF , on the other hand , have been pushing Hungary for years to adopt such a regime .
The previous government , while it toyed with idea , did n't dare introduce it because of the obvious public backlash that it would cause .
The same goes for tax cuts .
While tax cuts are generally treated as a universal axiom of sorts , in actual fact it 's not .
Tax cuts are primarily for the benefit of the rich .
Not only this , at a time of sluggish economic growth and high unemployment it's hard to see where the government will find the resources to compensate for tax cuts .
The common response is that cutting taxes will invigorate the economy which , in turn , will put more people to work .
This will then lead to an increase in government revenue .
All this sounds nice in theory but has yet to be proven in practice .
Moreover , whereas such a stimulus can no doubt work , it nevertheless requires time .
That is , tax cuts do n't mean that new jobs will immediately follow .
The decisive question is what will make up for the shortfall in revenue until this stimulus actually kicks in .
Financial experts within the FIDESZ already have an answer for this : while taxes wo n't cut deep , they will be broad .
As with the notion of a flat tax , the poor will end up being be hit hardest by such broad tax reforms .
While financial experts within the FIDESZ have talked about tax reform , no mention was made on the status of other taxes introduced by the outgoing government that were highly criticized by the Young Democrats and reviled by the public .
Among these is the introduction of sales tax applied to cafeteria and vacation vouchers , as well as a tax on donations .
In the case of the latter , many foundations and charities have complained that their activities have been severely affected as a result .
It 's most likely these taxes will remain since they do n't affect big business as much and the government is in need of revenue .
Yet when it comes to the idea of reform and easing the tax burden , it 's precisely the revocation of these measures that people had in mind .
Changing Faces
Among the many phrases used by the FIDESZ during the election ( such as " Judgment Day " , " The Time is Here " ) , Orban 's promise to make Hungary " the most competitive and dynamic country within the region " is perhaps the most empty .
For one , it 's nothing more than a cheap copy of the European Commission 's stated objective for the Lisbon Agenda ( " to make Europe the most competitive and dynamic economy in the world by 2010 " ) .
Indeed , if it 's anything like the Lisbon Agenda then his plans too will end in dismal failure .
While Orban 's remark on making Hungary the most dynamic country within the region sounds harmless , supporters of the FIDESZ ( especially those on the Hungarian right who presently view Orban as a godsend that will secure the nation 's identity and culture ) perhaps should view this statement with a little concern .
It could very well be an indication that Orban and the FIDESZ are about to shed the populist skin that brought them to the pinnacle of power .
As the German poet and dramatist Friedrich Schiller commented in his 1783 play Fiesco : " The Moor has done his work , the Moor can go . "
This is n't the first time that Orban and the FIDESZ went through an identity change .
When the Young Democrats first formed in the dying days of communism , they presented themselves as a party of young idealists , much like the LMP of today .
An example of their idealism was the fact that no - one over the age of 35 could be a member of the party .
It goes without saying that when Orban and others approached this age limit they simply got rid of it .
Along with their idealism they also got rid of their jeans and scruffy look , put on suits and delved into a luxury car business .
At the beginning , many felt that the Young Democrats were simply a younger version of the Free Democrats , and thus categorized them as a left wing party .
Their actions also seemed to not suit those on the right .
For example , twenty years ago when the speaker of the house called for a minute of silence with respect to the 70th anniversary of the Treaty of Trianon ( the peace treaty at the end of the First World War which Hungarians feel is unjust and a national tragedy ) , Orban and the FIDESZ walked out of parliament in protest .
Unable to make inroads on the left , which was dominated by both the Socialists and the Free Democrats , the Young Democrats gravitated to the right , picking up remnants of other small right wing parties blown apart from infighting along the way .
Hence , the FIDESZ is now more of a front organization comprising of not only the Young Democrats but also the Christian Democrats , the Smallholders , and renegade members of the conservative MDF .
Indubitably , the real test for Orban and the FIDESZ will come on July 4th which will mark the 90th anniversary of the Treaty of Trianon .
It can be expected that the far - right JOBBIK will use the occasion to introduce into the new parliament a measure to mark the date as a day of national mourning and to have the Soviet war memorial on Freedom Square removed , replaced by a monument to the Treaty of Trianon which originally stood there prior to the Second World War .
How Orban and the FIDESZ will handle this is significant not only from an internal political standpoint .
The FIDESZ had done its best to try and curry favor with the Hungarian minorities outside the country 's borders , in areas that used to belong to Hungary before the Treaty of Trianon .
In fact , Orban went so far as to try and push for dual citizenship and had made it one of the first priorities of the new government .
Neighboring countries , however , especially Slovakia and Romania , are deeply concerned about this .
In Slovakia , where parliamentary elections will take place on June 12th , the victory of the FIDESZ could lead to a rise in Jan Slota 's far right SNS .
Having got what they wanted , that is , a two - thirds majority in parliament , the FIDESZ now has the unenviable task of trying to reconcile otherwise irreconcilable differences .
In many respects , it 's clear that the FIDESZ will not be able to live up to its right wing populist stance and rhetoric , and thereby fulfill people 's expectations .
Orban 's conciliatory approach toward big business , the European Union , and international institutions such as the IMF are indicative of this .
Likewise , foreign observers , many of whom previously were skeptical or even hostile to Orban and the FIDESZ , welcomed news of his victory noting that with such a large majority he would be able to finally push through much needed reforms .
This , in effect , betrays the view outside investors have of Hungary : in the end , it 's all the same who is in power , as long as they are able to force through an agenda that people do n't want but that big business desperately needs .
Between the Lines
One can't accuse Orban of outright lying in the same way that his nemesis , Ferenc Gyurcsany , had done before .
Nevertheless , in retrospect one can discern the careful way in which Orban used his words in order to conceal his true intentions .
A case in point is that of medical care .
The FIDESZ jumped on the bandwagon of public dissatisfaction with the previous government 's plans to privatize the medical sector and even organized a referendum against it .
During the referendum campaign , Orban made it clear : he was against any attempt to sell the buildings , but cryptically added that private capital is needed to invest in the provision of services to make medical care more modern and efficient .
What the vast majority of FIDESZ supporters did n't realize is that Orban was basically talking about the same thing as the government : support for privatized medical care .
The issue of privatizing the state medical sector has little or nothing to do with buildings and equipment but with the provision of services .
Orban made it sound as if investors would simply throw money into the medical sector without expecting anything in return .
Such a view is both foolhardy and naive .
Private capital is first and foremost concerned with making a profit .
It 's this profit oriented approach which critics of privatized health services complain about , fearing that cost considerations will take precedence in determining the course of treatment .
Although during this year 's election campaign some mention was made of " saving health care " , the FIDESZ never elaborated on what this really means .
Most people are quite clear on what it means to them : undoing the damage which has so far been done by the previous government .
Yet Orban and the FIDESZ have been conspicuously silent about whether they would reinstate the number of beds taken away , reopen closed institutions , etc .
For Orban , his path to power has been made easy by blaming everything on the previous government , and without a doubt thorny issues such as health care privatization can be easily blamed on the Socialists .
Yet not all such issues can be attributed to the previous administration .
Some of the problems which are now bearing fruit can be attributed to the seeds planted by Orban himself during the coalition government he formed in 1998 .
The most obvious of this is the question of the foreign ownership of land .
It was Orban himself who signed the initial moratorium which will now soon expire .
While he may have commented at the time that " there is life outside the EU " , he nevertheless signed the Treaty of Nice and was subsequently criticized by many in Hungary for giving in too easily and not negotiating a longer grace period as other countries had done , such as Poland .
When the question of extending the moratorium became an issue last year , Orban made it clear that the FIDESZ would not allow foreigners to buy land .
This utterance has since come back to haunt him and was one of the questions raised during his first interview following the election .
Yet like all his other answers , it was shrouded in ambiguity .
What Orban did mention was his desire to solve the issue of foreign land ownership along the lines of the models employed in Austria and France .
As with the flat tax , this is something entirely new and unexpected to voters , and something which no doubt would have made people think twice before voting for the FIDESZ .
Hungarians have a fear of foreign " models " , as the issue of pension reform clearly demonstrated .
Indeed , talk of a Swedish model for pension reform put the FIDESZ in hot water and caused a slight drop in their support early on in the campaign .
People 's aversion to foreign models is in many ways understandable : the crisis of capitalism that Hungary is going through is primarily due to such models .
Hence , the electoral success of the right wing in Hungary can be directly attributed to the desire of finding a " Hungarian solution " to the country 's many problems .
The talk now of foreign models clearly contradicts this early position .
There is no doubt that many more surprises lie in store .
Even within the FIDESZ discrepancies have begun to appear .
For instance , a few days before the second round a senior FIDESZ official said the new government will not cut taxes this year .
Laszlo Kover , the head of the FIDESZ election campaign , said that business taxes and other contributions would not be reduced this year and employment tax would only be eased in the next two years .
Orban soon contradicted Kover reaffirming the promise that the Young Democrats made while in opposition that they would cut taxes soon after assuming power .
For now , the euphoria of having finally truncated the Socialists has diverted people 's attention away from seriously reflecting on these and other issues .
Yet the FIDESZ is quite aware of what lies ahead , and moves are already underway to help soften the blow .
This is can be best seen through the propaganda arms of the FIDESZ such as the Magyar Nemzet ( print media ) , Lanchid Radio ( radio ) , and the Hir TV ( television ) .
For example , a recent article in the Magyar Nemzet seemed to herald the FIDESZ 's abandonment of its strong right wing rhetoric by pointing out that modern Hungarian conservatives are patriots that do n't lament the nation state .
In other cases , a propaganda offensive has begun in order to justify moves that people are outright opposed to .
One of these is an attempt to merge Hungary 's two public television stations , Hungarian Television ( MTV ) and Duna TV .
In the case of the latter , potential plans by the previous government led to such opposition that an online petition was signed by thousands , among them several high profile personalities including politicians , academics , artists , athletes , and others .
Many Hungarians regard Duna TV as important because it caters to Hungarian minorities living beyond the country 's borders .
For outside institutions such as the IMF , however , Duna TV represents a waste of government money and resources and should be merged with the MTV to create a single streamlined state - sponsored television channel .
From what can be discerned in the Magyar Nemzet , a subtle smear campaign against Duna TV appears to be already underway , as exemplified in a recent article which attempts to link the television station with the former Socialists and corruption .
Knowing that such moves will lead to a backlash is something that the FIDESZ is undoubtedly preparing for .
Plans to increase the size of electoral districts , thereby reducing the number of elected representatives , have already been put forward and are expected to be rushed through in time for this year 's municipal elections in October .
In Hungary , municipal elections are routinely held in the autumn following parliamentary elections in the spring .
These elections often serve as a quick test for governments .
A poignant example was in 2006 when people 's anger and dissatisfaction with the Gyurcsany government following the Balatonoszod Speech was such that the Socialists were almost totally wiped out .
The idea to reduce parliament by half as well as cut the number of electoral zones for municipalities is actually nothing new and has been on the agenda of successive governments since 1994 .
It is a move which has been repeatedly urged by the IMF and other outside institutions as one way to reduce costs , cut bureaucracy , and improve efficiency .
While the idea of making government smaller seems to make sense financially , a smaller parliament also means less democracy .
Fewer representatives in parliament means fewer voices are heard and fewer debates .
Indeed , if the government wants to be totally cost efficient it can reduce the parliament all the way to one individual – Victor Orban himself .
Not only this , the plan to quickly introduce these changes in time for this year 's municipal elections is obviously a way of stemming opposition to the new government .
Merging municipal electoral zones will dilute potential areas of opposition and mask the true extent of people 's dissatisfaction with the government .
The End of the Beginning
Unlike most political parties , the FIDESZ has a telescopic vision of the future .
While most parties are concerned with the shape they will be in four or five year 's time , the Young Democrats take this for granted and are already looking down the road twenty years .
Along these lines , Orban feels confident enough to make superfluous and vague promises , such as creating one million new jobs – over the next ten years .
For most people this is not enough .
Expectations are high and people are impatient .
Some within the FIDESZ are aware of this , and have been trying to backtrack from comments made while in opposition that when they are in power they will bring the country into good shape in relatively quick order .
Others , meanwhile , do n't seem to be too bothered by the fact that solutions to the country 's myriad woes wo n't be quick or painless .
They feel that they have dealt a knock out blow to the Socialists from which they will have a hard time to recover .
Although the FIDESZ victory was in many ways historic , the results nonetheless betray certain tendencies that could surprise them in the next election if they are n't careful .
Aside from the fact that a single party gained a two - thirds majority in parliament , what was also unprecedented in this year 's election is that it marked a sharp increase in the number of newcomers to parliament .
In other words , people are tired of the old timers and are looking for a fresh change .
This year 's election effectively swept out most of the old generation , with one exception – Victor Orban .
The fact that he still personally represents the politics of old is clearly a point of attack for the opposition .
The FIDESZ also must n't forget that the LMP has taken over the position that it had once held long ago .
The LMP is now the face of youth and a viable alternative to the stale politics of old , something which the FIDESZ had prided itself on before .
Not only this , the advantage that the LMP has over the FIDESZ is that it has firm roots in green politics .
In fact , FIDESZ 's Achilles Heel is that its environmental policy is almost non-existent .
To the right of the FIDESZ is another challenge – the JOBBIK .
If the Young Democrats do shed their right wing rhetoric they will then do so at the expense of their right wing supporters , the very same people who gave the FIDESZ its vast majority .
It goes without saying that the JOBBIK will provoke the FIDESZ on this point .
As one observer noted , as a radical party the JOBBIK is like a shark ; it has to keep moving or it will die .
Being a radical party , its support comes from those who are eager for action .
If the JOBBIK simply sits back and becomes complacent with its parliamentary work , then it will certainly follow in the footsteps of the Hungarian Life and Justice Party ( MIEP ) of Istvan Csurka , once considered a right - wing threat to Hungarian democracy and which has since faded to insignificance .
In the end , the future of how well the FIDESZ will perform in the next few years will have little to do with what happens within the country but with what goes on without .
Hungary is at the mercy of outside forces as its economy functions in the role of a vassal state , and there is no indication that the FIDESZ or outside institutions such as the IMF are willing to change this status .
As a result , the country 's future is inextricably linked to what happens within the Europe Union .
Given that the European Union is in a state of crisis with Greece and other countries threatening to drag member states down the road to ruin , Hungary can look forward to rough times ahead .
( John Horvath )
How and When you Should File an Amended Tax Return
Imagine this : you file your tax return just to learn soon enough that you made an error or omitted important information .
While this may feel like a kick in the gut , it is not nearly as bad as it sounds .
Rather than worry about whether or not the IRS will audit and catch you , file an amended tax return .
Common Reasons to File an Amended Tax Return
Here are several reasons why you may need to file an amended return :
To claim or remove dependents Report additional income
To correct a mathematical error Make changes to your deductions or credits Change your personal exemptions Report additional withholding
How to File an Amended Return
Now that you know some of the most common reasons for filing an amended tax return , you should consider how this is done .
It takes two steps to amend a return .
Part one consists of filling out a new Form 1040 .
Once you are done with this , you need to complete Form 1040X which shows the differences between your original and new return .
Why do I need to fill out a new 1040 ?
The main reason for this is that you will be asked to match items from this form against 1040X .
Along with this , it is a good idea to have an accurate return for your records .
Before you start to fill out Form 1040X , you should gather the following documentation : your new 1040 , as well as your original information .
Part 2 of Form 1040X is where you get down to business .
It is this area where you will note what changes you made and why this was necessary .
Make sure you are as clear and complete as possible .
Need more information ?
Here are several things the IRS wants you to know about amending your return :
You must use Form 1040X , Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return .
You are only allowed to paper file an amended return – you cannot electronically file even if this is how you did so originally .
At the top of Form 1040X there is an area where you can enter the year of the return that you are amending .
It is important that you include this information so the IRS can properly update their records .
You have three years from the date you originally filed or two years from the date you paid , whichever is later , to file Form 1040X .
Need to prepare more than one amended return ?
Make sure you use a separate 1040X for each , and mail them in individual envelopes .
If you find that you owe additional tax , you should file an amended return as quickly as possible and then pay your liability right away .
This will help to limit the amount that you pay in penalties and interest .
The process for filing an amended tax return is simple .
Hopefully you never have to do this , but if the time comes make sure you follow the above advice .
The Dallas Cowboys started the purge of some underachieving veterans by cutting starting left tackle Flozell Adams and free safety Ken Hamlin on Friday .
Adams , 34 , had the longest tenure of any Cowboys player .
He was a second - round pick in 1998 out of Michigan State and was a five - time Pro Bowl selection .
He missed only 14 games in his 12 - year career with Dallas .
" I have never experienced what it is like to have a team that does n't enjoy excellent play at the left tackle position , " Cowboys owner / general manager Jerry Jones said in a statement released by the team .
" When we first selected Flozell , we thought we would move Larry Allen to left tackle , but that never happened because Flo was able to step right in and play at a high level very early on in his career . "
But in 2009 , Adams was n't as dominant , and the organization began looking at other options .
Doug
Free spent some time at left tackle during practices and games , and when Adams suffered a calf injury in Dallas ' playoff loss to Minnesota , Free took over .
Adams was due a $ 2.5 million roster bonus in June and a base salary of $ 5 million this season .
To improve his ability to catch on with another team , Adams requested his release through agent Jordan
Woy once it became apparent Jones would eventually cut the veteran player .
" I asked them to make the move early if they were going to do it , " Woy said .
" We requested it , but they did it on their own timetable .
With no cap this year , the acceleration does n't hurt them . "
Hamlin was coming off an average season in which he finished with 74 tackles , no interceptions and four pass breakups .
His 2010 base salary was scheduled to be $ 5.596 million .
" I would like to say to all my fans that I appreciate all the love that you have showed me in Dallas , " Hamlin said via his Twitter page .
" It was a good run .....
Thanks . "
Adams and Hamlin did not return calls seeking comment .
It was an interesting week for Hamlin , who missed the first day of voluntary workouts because his scheduled flight out of Los Angeles did n't allow him to get to Dallas on time .
Hamlin , along with wide receiver Miles Austin and cornerback Terence Newman , had spent the weekend with several other NFL players attending the Playboy Golf Scramble at the Industry Hills Golf Club at Pacific Palms Resort in Industry Hills , Calif .
Last week , I posted the first preview from the Stew ’s soon - to - be- released book , Eureka : 501 Adventure Plots to Inspire Game Masters .
The sci - fi plots chapter has come back from layout , so without further blathering , here ’s the second sample : Eureka sample PDF # 2 .
This time around , you ’ll see a different group of authors — all of the gnomes contributed 55 plots apiece to Eureka , give or take a plot or two .
You ’ll also see the tools we ’ve included to make these plots crazy - easy to use in your game : the theme ( “ The Enigma , ” which appeared on the page just before the first sample page ) , genre , genres you can adapt each plot to , and tags .
Our next sample will either be from the GMing chapter or the horror plots chapter .
In the meantime , other Eureka news will be posted on the Engine Publishing blog ( which features a handy RSS / email feed , if getting news delivered to you sounds good ) .
In trying to strike a balance between a ) turning the Stew into a giant ad for our book and b ) never mentioning it and having no one buy it and crying ourselves to sleep on our wee giant pillows , I ’m going for “ big meaty stuff is posted here , and big stuff plus smaller stuff is posted there , on the Engine website . ”
I hope that approach is a good one .
Got questions or comments ?
I ’d love to hear them — after eating , sleeping , and breathing this book for the better part of a year , talking about it with anyone but my Beagle mutt is a real treat .
Oh , and happy Towel Day !
Morocco says the law against proselytism applies to all religions Morocco says it will take a tough line on proselytism - seeking converts from another religion - two days after it expelled 20 Christian workers .
Communications Minister Khalid Naciri warned that the government would be " severe with all those who play with religious values " .
Religious freedom is guaranteed under Moroccan law but proselytism is banned .
Some Christian groups claim the authorities are deliberately trying to restrict their work in the country .
The expelled Christians had run a children 's home called Village of Hope near the town of Ain Leuh in the Middle Atlas mountains .
The home housed 33 children who , it is claimed , would otherwise have been abandoned .
The 20 foreign workers were given just a few days ' notice to cease their activities and leave the country , a statement on the group 's website said .
They were accused of trying to convert the children in their care to Christianity .
The group 's statement says it had always been open about its Christian beliefs with the authorities , and for 10 years had been allowed to take in and foster abandoned children .
It says the deportation is part of a nationwide crackdown against Christians living in Morocco and has appealed to the king to overturn the ban .
A British couple who live near Marrakesh and who know the Village of Hope children 's home told the BBC they were stunned by the news .
The couple , who declined to be named , said the foster parents and the children - some of whom had lived at the home for 10 years - had been left traumatised by the separation .
Children ' targeted '
Mr Naciri said the expelled foreigners " took advantage of the poverty of some families and targeted their young children , whom they took in hand , in violation of the kafala ( adoption ) procedures for abandoned or orphaned children " .
He said Morocco had " always been and remains a land of openness and tolerance " .
" All churches have their place on the street in Morocco and Christians practise their religion freely , " the minister said .
" The rare cases of expulsion have nothing to do with the practice of Christianity but with acts of proselytism . "
He said the warning also applied to Muslim groups .
BBC religious affairs correspondent Christopher Landau says under Moroccan law , Jewish and Christian minorities can worship without restriction but are not allowed to encourage citizens from the Muslim majority to abandon their faith of birth .
However , some missionary groups in the country claim authorities are deliberately trying to restrict Christian work , he adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
« Who knows where the time goes ?
| Home |
Interface hack eliminates iPad screen fingerprints »
May 17 , 2010
Star Wars Pancake Molds
Nonstick steel ; fold - down handles ; 4.5 " – 7.75 " W .
Yoda , Darth Vader and a Stormtrooper .
Set of 3 : $ 19.95 .
[ via Becky Waldeck ]
May 17 , 2010 at 09:01 AM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef0133edad9186970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Star Wars Pancake Molds :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
Image source : http://news.drive.au
( PhysOrg.com ) --
What if there was an eco-friendly car that acted like a plant ?
It would take in CO2 , and its exhaust would be oxygen .
That 's exactly what the Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation unveiled at the Shanghai Expo 2010 recently .
The YeZ is a concept car designed to photosynthesize carbon dioxide from the air , much like a plant .
The car is even designed to emphasize the idea of a eco-friendly through a plant - like process .
Not only will this green car make use of photosynthesis for power generation , but it will also be able to utilize wind power .
CNET describes how the YeZ works :
YeZ works its magic of photoelectric conversion with the help of state - of - the - art solar panels on the roof , wind power conversion via small wind turbines in the wheels , and carbon dioxide absorption and conversion through the bodywork .
This last bit is made of a metal - organic framework that can apparently absorb carbon dioxide and water molecules from the air .
Through the series of chemical reactions , energy is generated , and it's then stored in the car 's lithium ion batteries .
The car is a two - seater , though , and does n't appear to have much room for luggage .
And , of course , it is only a concept .
It might take as many as 20 years for this concept car to be available -- if it is something that happens at all .
But the YeZ does offer us some insight into what might be possible if we start looking more to the natural environment for solutions to our pollution problems .
Explore further The Audi e-tron concept electric car
More information : Juniper Foo , " YeZ concept car sucks in C02 , exhales oxygen , " CNET ( May 20 , 2010 ) .
Available online : Juniper Foo , " YeZ concept car sucks in C02 , exhales oxygen , " CNET ( May 20 , 2010 ) .
Available online : news.cnet.com/8301-17938_105-20005538-1.html
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
ANNAPOLIS , Md. —
It 's hard enough to find a job in this economy , and now some people are facing another hurdle : Potential employers are holding their credit histories against them .
Sixty percent of employers recently surveyed by the Society for Human Resources Management said they run credit checks on at least some job applicants , compared with 42 percent in a somewhat similar survey in 2006 .
Employers say such checks give them valuable information about an applicant 's honesty and sense of responsibility .
But lawmakers in at least 16 states from South Carolina to Oregon have proposed outlawing most credit checks , saying the practice traps people in debt because their past financial problems prevent them from finding work .
Wisconsin state Rep. Kim Hixson drafted a bill in his state shortly after hearing from Terry Becker , an auto mechanic who struggled to find work .
Medical bills piled up
Becker said it all started with medical bills that piled up when his now 10 - year - old son began having seizures as a toddler .
In the first year alone , Becker ran up $ 25,000 in medical debt .
Over 4 ½ months , he was turned down for at least eight positions for which he had authorized the employer to conduct a credit check , Becker said .
“ I was in a deep depression .
... I was behind on my bills and I was unable to get a job , ” he said .
He eventually found work dismantling cars at an auto recycling company that did not run a credit check .
Hixson calls what happened to Becker discrimination based on credit history and said his bill would ban it .
“ If somebody is trying to get a job as a truck driver or a trainer in a gym , what does your credit history have to do with your ability to do that job ? ”
Hixson said .
He said he knows of no research that shows a person with a bad credit history is going to perform poorly .
Hard to say no
Under federal law , prospective employers must get written permission from applicants to run a credit check on them .
But consumer advocates say most job applicants do not feel they are in a position to say no .
Most of the bills being proposed this year resemble laws in Hawaii and Washington that prevent employers from using credit reports when hiring for most positions .
The laws contain exceptions in cases where such information could be relevant to the job — for example , if the person is applying to work in a bank or an accounts - payable office .
On a national level , Rep. Steve Cohen , D - Tenn. , introduced a similar bill last summer in Congress , where it is still bottled up in committee .
Two red flags
Mike Aitken , the director of government affairs for the Society for Human Resources Management , said a blanket ban could remove a tool employers can use to help them make good hiring decisions .
Aitken pointed to a 2008 survey by the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners that found the two most common red flags for employees who commit workplace fraud are living beyond their means and having difficulty meeting financial obligations .
The same survey estimated American companies lost $ 994 billion to fraud in 2008 .
Aitken said someone who cannot pay his or her bills on time may not be more likely to steal but might not have the maturity or sense of responsibility to handle a job like processing payroll checks .
Still under construction .
Dig we must .
Sorry about the formatting and colors .
Written by Jacob Hale , with thanks to Talia Bettcher , Dexter D. Fogt , Judith Halberstam , and Naomi Scheman .
Note that the list refers to transsexuality rather than to transgender per se .
However , many items also apply to non-transgendered researchers writing about transgender , as well as to trans - folk writing across trans - trans differences .
References :
Naomi Scheman , " Queering the Center by Centering the Queer " ; in Diana T. Meyers , ed. , Feminists Rethink the Self .
Boulder : Westview Press , forthcoming .
Sandy Stone , The Empire Strikes Back : A Posttranssexual Manifesto , in Camera Obscura 26 ; also in Straub and Epstein ( eds ) : Body Guards ; Routledge 1991 .
Bernice L. Hausman , Changing Sex : Transsexualism , Technology , and the Idea of Gender .
Durham : Duke University Press , 1995 .
Back to Sandy Stone 's home page
This week we are curious to know how much weed our viewers tend to smoke .
Some may buy weed very seldom , others may buy ounces every week .
Let us know in the comments why you smoke so little or so much !
Be sure to become a fan on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter for the latest news right in your feed .
Stay high everybody .
How much weed do you buy per week ?
Less than a gram
1 - 2 grams ( dime to dub )
2-3.5 grams ( dub to eighth )
3.5 - 7 grams ( eighth to quarter )
7 - 14 grams ( quarter to half zip )
14 - 28 grams ( half zip to zip )
28 + grams ( over an ounce ) View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Enlarge By Sergio Solache , USA TODAY Hector Vazquez , 36 , of Honduras talks about his experiences as an undocumented migrant at his temporary camp earlier this month in Tultitlan , Mexico .
TULTITLN , Mexico  Arizona 's new law forcing local police to take a greater role in enforcing immigration law has caused a lot of criticism from Mexico , the largest single source of illegal immigrants in the United States But in Mexico , illegal immigrants receive terrible treatment from corrupt Mexican authorities , say people involved in the system .
And Mexico has a law that is no different from Arizona 's that empowers local police to check the immigration documents of people suspected of not being in the country legally .
" There ( in the United States ) , they 'll deport you , " Hector Vázquez , an illegal immigrant from Honduras , said as he rested in a makeshift camp with other migrants under a highway bridge in Tultitlán .
" In Mexico they 'll probably let you go , but they 'll beat you up and steal everything you 've got first . "
Mexican authorities have harshly criticized Arizona 's SB1070 , a law that requires local police to check the status of persons suspected of being illegal immigrants .
The law provides that a check be done in connection with another law enforcement event , such as a traffic stop , and also permits Arizona citizens to file lawsuits against local authorities for not fully enforcing immigration laws .
CONTROL : Obama to send 1,200 troops to U.S. - Mexico border CENSUS : Ariz . immigration law makes Census count tougher OPINION : To end illegal immigration , hit employers with high fines Mexico 's Foreign Ministry said the law " violates inalienable human rights " and Democrats in Congress applauded Mexican President Felipe Calderón 's criticisms of the law in a speech he gave on Capitol Hill last week .
Yet Mexico's Arizona - style law requires local police to check IDs .
And Mexican police freely engage in racial profiling and routinely harass Central American migrants , say immigration activists .
" The Mexican government should probably clean up its own house before looking at someone else 's , " said Melissa Vertíz , spokeswoman for the Fray Matías de Córdova Human Rights Center in Tapachula , Mexico .
In one six - month period from September 2008 through February 2009 , at least 9,758 migrants were kidnapped and held for ransom in Mexico — 91 of them with the direct participation of Mexican police , a report by the National Human Rights Commission said .
Other migrants are routinely stopped and shaken down for bribes , it said .
A separate survey conducted during one month in 2008 at 10 migrant shelters showed Mexican authorities were behind migrant attacks in 35 of 240 cases , or 15 % .
Most migrants in Mexico are Central Americans who are simply passing through on their way to the United States , human rights groups say .
Others are Guatemalans who live and work along Mexico 's southern border , mainly as farm workers , as maids , or in bars and restaurants .
The Central American migrants headed to the United States travel mainly on freight trains , stopping to rest and beg for food at rail crossings like the one in Tultitlán , an industrial suburb of Mexico City .
On a recent afternoon , Victor Manuel Beltrán Rodríguez of Managua , Nicaragua , trudged between the cars at a stop light , his hand outstretched .
" Can you give me a peso ?
I 'm from Nicaragua , " he said .
Every 10 cars or so , a motorist would roll down the window and hand him a few coins .
In a half - hour he had collected 10 pesos , about 80 U.S. cents , enough for a taco .
Beltrán Rodríguez had arrived in Mexico with 950 pesos , about $ 76 , enough to last him to the U.S. border .
But near Tierra Blanca , Veracruz , he says municipal police had detained him , driven him to a deserted road and taken his money .
He had been surviving since then by begging .
Abuses by Mexican authorities have persisted even as Mexico has relaxed its rules against illegal immigrants in recent years , according to the National Human Rights Commission .
In 2008 , Mexico softened the punishment for illegal immigrants , from a maximum 10 years in prison to a maximum fine of $ 461 .
Most detainees are taken to detention centers and put on buses for home .
Mexican law calls for six to 12 years of prison and up to $ 46,000 in fines for anyone who shelters or transports illegal immigrants .
The Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that the law applies only to people who do it for money .
For years , the Mexican government has allowed charity groups to openly operate migrant shelters , where travelers can rest for a few days on their journey north .
The government also has a special unit of immigration agents , known as Grupo Beta , who patrol the countryside in orange pickups , helping immigrants who are in trouble .
At the same time , Article 67 of Mexico 's immigration law requires that all authorities " whether federal , local or municipal " demand to see visas if approached by a foreigner and to hand over migrants to immigration authorities .
" In effect , this means that migrants who suffer crimes , including kidnapping , prefer not to report them to avoid … being detained by immigration authorities and returned to their country , " the National Human Rights Commission said in a report last year .
As a result , the clause has strengthened gangs who abuse migrants , rights activists say .
" That Article 67 is an obstacle that urgently has to be removed , " said Alberto Herrera , executive director of Amnesty International Mexico .
" It has worsened this vicious cycle of abuse and impunity , and the same thing could happen ( in Arizona ) . "
A bill passed by the Mexican Senate on Oct. 6 would eliminate the ID requirement in Article 67 and replace it with language saying " No attention in matters of human rights or the provision of justice shall be denied or restricted on any level ( of government ) to foreigners who require it , regardless of their migration status . "
The Mexican House of Representatives approved a similar measure on March 16 , but added a clause requiring the government to set aside funds to take care of foreigners during times of disaster .
The revised bill has been stuck in the Senate 's Population and Development Committee since then .
To discourage migrants from speaking out about abuse , Mexican authorities often tell detainees they will have to stay longer in detention centers if they file a complaint , Vertíz said .
A March 2007 order allows Mexican immigration agents to give " humanitarian visas " to migrants who have suffered crimes in Mexico .
But the amnesty is not automatic , and most migrants do n't know to ask for it , the commission said .
Hawley is Latin America correspondent for USA TODAY and The Arizona Republic Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Vote for the Viewer Pick for Saturday , November 13
Dilwali 2006 : This Indian Cultural event presented by the Indian Student Alliance features dancing , singing , music , a fashion show & skits .
Saturday Morning Cartoons presents " Bigfoot & Wildboy " : Because sometimes cartoons are better at night .. and when they 're not cartoons .
Time for a Change : Trying to save some change ?
Start by changing your own oil .
Rene a .k.a.
“ The Unknown Mechanic ” shows you how .
Tolstoy & Chekhov Celebration : Readings by local personalities from writings by Tolstoy & Chekhov to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the UI Russian program .
Linux distros come in all forms and sizes , and you can make your own too .
A dead easy way is to UCK Linux !
You heard me , use the Ubuntu Customisation Kit .
Here 's how .
When it comes to Linux , users are n't spoiled for choice .
At heart , all Linux distributions feature the same essential components - the Linux kernel itself , a package manager for maintaining software and a graphical environment .
Actually , the latter is n't even that essential particularly if you 're installing Linux on a headless server .
The specific combinations of pre-installed applications and initial configurations make one Linux distro differ from another .
While the plethora of distributions might appear confusing to those coming from Microsoft Windows , Linux is Linux .
You can write documents , send e-mail , browse the web , run a web server , run a network , or anything else you wish to do on any distribution .
The vast richness of Linux distributions available is actually a strength of the platform .
Linux can be tailored to suit any purpose you could have .
That 's why you might want to construct your own distribution .
Perhaps you know exactly how a good Linux distro should be , and every time you install Linux you set up specific applications and settings .
Set your own distro up and bingo , every time you load it onto a new machine it is exactly how you like it .
There are tutorials online how to roll your own Linux distro but here 's a new tool which makes it dead simple to base something on the ever - popular Ubuntu .
The tool is tastefully called UCK - specifically , the Ubuntu Customisation Kit .
UCK works with ISO images of any of the four major Ubuntu flavours ( specifically , the GNOME - based original , the KDE - based Kubuntu , Xfce - based Xubuntu and Edubuntu , itself tailored for education ) .
UCK will allow you to add or remove any applications - including language packs - from the stock image as well as tweak any other aspect of the distro you like .
You can add or remove modules that boot up and even change the order of the boot sequence .
Check the project out on SourceForge and UCK Linux for yourself !
Indra B. Tamang , who grew up in a mud house in a farming village in Nepal , has reached a pinnacle of society after more than three decades of loyal service as a butler , cook and caretaker to a socially prominent American family .
The cook became the master — as the inheritor of two apartments at the Dakota , the legendary West Side apartment building , and a valuable collection of Russian surrealist art — after the death last year at the age of 98 of Ruth Ford , a film and stage actress who was the wife of Zachary Scott , a dashing ...
The Subtle Steamroller
5 -MeO-DMT
Citation : Konnexion .
" The Subtle Steamroller : An Experience with 5 - MeO - DMT ( exp79223 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Jun 16 , 2009 .
erowid.org/exp/79223
DOSE :
T+ 0:00 5 mg insufflated 5 - MeO - DMT ( powder / crystals ) T+ 0:20 5 mg insufflated 5 - MeO - DMT ( powder / crystals )
BODY WEIGHT : 175 lb
After smoking 5 - MeO - DMT a couple of times , I had been wanting to insufflate it , having heard and read so many fantastical things , ranging from tortuously frightening experiences to heavenly bliss .
Finding myself rather free of obligations and at home alone on a Friday afternoon , I decided to give it a shot .
My use of psychedelics is primarily for therapeutic purposes , although no doubt , they 've provided for some good recreational times as well in the past .
Ive been feeling kind of down on myself lately , so today I wanted to dig deep and see what might be bothering me .
Unlike my older batch of 5 - MeO - DMT , which was a creamy colour , this sample was bright snow white , almost sugary .
Crisp , evenly sized , tiny crystals .
I cut up 5 mg on the dining room table , weighed with concentration and diligence on my milligram scale , and snorted it up my left nostril with trepidation at 2:10 PM .
The experience unfolded as follows : 2:13 - First alerts , and rapidly moving to a plus one .
The nasal burn is rather nasty , but not quite as ferocious as 2C - E .
It smells like DMT but a lot milder ... which I am thankful for .
Strangely enough , the smell of DMT always reminds me of my Grade 3 teacher , Mrs. Simpson , who suffered from an insane and disagreeable case of halitosis .
She could make eyes water at 20 paces .
Wow , after only five minutes I am feeling sleepy and relaxed , dreamy , confused .
My nose hurts .
My head feels full , of what I m not quite sure ... it 's time to lay down .
2:20 - I lay on the couch , one eye cocked strategically towards the painting on the wall , relishing in the fact that the pain in my nostril is subsiding .
I 'm still feeling very lightheaded , dizzy and disoriented .
The come - up has been a little rough , rocky , but I 've felt worse on various other substances .
I 'm twitchy , and points on my face are spasming sporadically ; my lips , cheek , eye lid ... it 's a little distracting .
I notice that despite my amped - up condition , my heart is beating normally .
I drag myself up to write some notes , fighting the urge to do nothing .
Typing is easy ... almost easier than usual ... which really is strange because I feel totally disconnected and disoriented but my fingers seem to be working quite well .
The rest of my body feels like it is immersed in agave syrup .
Weird ... I feel a sting on the top of my head where I had an acupuncture needle inserted a few hours ago .
There is not much happening visually , but things do look different , similar to the way things look when I stand up too fast and feel faint , but I do n't feel faint .
Not much in the way of closed eye visuals .
I am listening to Boards of Canada , which I must recommend for psychedelic traveling by the way .
Music does n't sound better or worse ... just the same .
I feel a little sick and shaky , but not too bad .
Im still very sleepy and dreamy , so I go to lie down on the couch again .
2:30 - Things have definitely peaked and I 'm slowly returning to the mundane condition of everyday reality .
I still feel dreamy and drugged , but nothing noteworthy is happening and this is something of a disappointment because I am in the mood to be moved .
I consider that going deeper would n't be such a bad thing , and I ponder doing more .
I am reluctant to endure that terrible nasal burn again ... uh , well ... fuck it , Ill do a bit more .
2:40  I found it surprisingly easy to operate my scale and carefully measure out my next dose .
I snort another 5 mg ... yes , still a crappy burn ... ugh .
Within 3 minutes I 'm coming back up ... harder ... yes , much harder this time .
I stagger to the couch , and flop myself down , a warm , tingling flush settling across my skin from head to toe .
Time passes .
2:57 - Whoa ... coming back to earth ... that was pretty intense .
I 'm able to type at this point but it would have been quite challenging five minutes ago .
I convey the experience as follows : I found myself swirling through a dreamy , squishy , reality - bending place ... the Boards of Canada providing the perfect backdrop to the experience and the music has begun to merge with all of my senses .
This is unlike any other psychedelic ... it 's very physical , I 'm in a meat grinder , my body twisting and churning through space .
Although that metaphor sounds scary and uncomfortable , it 's neither ; I 'm mostly indifferent to the physical sensations .
There 's a great deal of movement in my visual field , but there 's little or no colour , a monochrome morphing multi-scape .
Twisting and turning geometric shapes dominate .
But that raises the point that these arent really visuals so much as visions .
I 'm not seeing with my eyes as it were , but rather I 'm seeing with my mind 's eye .
My autonomic nervous system is depressed , and I must repeatedly remind myself to breathe .
Most interesting is that through all of this , there is a sober part of me , an observer , sitting nearby and able to think with perfect clarity .
It 's as if I 'm split in two , one part of me swirling through a haze of obscurity while the other half of me sits by like a semi- concerned psychoanalyst , one leg crossed over the other , scribbling notes in a small white notebook .
This sober self encourages me to stay calm through what at times are challenging moments , what at times are slightly frightening .
Although immersed at this point , I am still unsatisfied ... there are many strange feelings but nothing of any meaning , nothing that amounts to anything more interesting than a detached , disembodied delirium .
3:06  I return sluggishly to the computer to type , which again , I find surprisingly easy to do .
My head is swimming , but 3 of my 8 fingers accurately dance across the keyboard , punching out words with lightning speed .
I have minor open eye visuals , not unlike the onset of DMT , where colours are brighter , and everything is clearly outlined and plastic looking .
Pixelated .
I feel anaesthetized to a degree , but there is quite a lot of tension and pain throughout my body , which is not unusual for me , so I stand up to stretch my achy muscles .
I hang limply , bent at the waist and release much of the tension , feeling a much needed pull through my legs , lower back and between my shoulder blades .
It is at this moment that some very therapeutic effects begin : Indeed , I suffer from chronic pain , and I begin to see that it is at least partially a manifestation of my inner psychological unrest .
This idea comes to me with great clarity and I realize I am not taking an active enough role in dealing with my pain .
I should be exercising more , and perhaps meditating to achieve deeper states of relaxation .
I then think of an employee of mine who works very hard , and I realize I probably do n't give him the positive feedback he deserves .
I take him for granted .
I scurry to the kitchen to write myself a reminder note to rectify this when he returns from vacation .
I also realize that my work wardrobe is getting shabby .
In an effort to minimize my impact on the earth , I try to get the most mileage as possible out of my clothes , but I probably need to bite the bullet and get some new ones .
For all the work I do to minimize my impact on the earth , perhaps I can afford myself this small token of self - appreciation .
Yes !
What mind medicine !
There s more , but I 'll save you from the personal details .
I decide I really should do this more often .
I have the munchies .
3:48 - I 've been on a linear easy - going come - down for the past 45 minutes , and spent this time satisfying my munchiness with an evil bowl of Doritos and pondering my life condition .
I feel no ill effects as the drug departs my body , as I would for sure if I were coming down from say , 2C - E .
I am almost down to baseline , and I return to my office work with renewed vigor .
I take a break to stroll off down the road to pick up my mail and talk about a movie with a very good friend on the telephone .
The sun is bright and warm on this fine spring day in Shpongleville .
4:30 Completely straightened out and no come - down to speak of ; no tension , no pain , no jitters , no lack of appetite , no cracked - out feeling I usually get from psychedelics I feel wonderful and giddy .
I begin to prepare a homemade pizza for my love , who is returning from work shortly .
I smile reassuredly to myself as I work .
Im happy and excited to share my experience with her .
Conclusion : This definitely lived up to all of my expectations .
Although it left many questions unanswered , 5 - MeO - DMT provided great therapeutic benefit , and I look very forward to doing it again soon .
This was not a recreational experience for me .
I couldnt label it as fun at all , but it was rewarding and enlightening .
I dont suspect the DEA is particularly concerned with this one .
The strange , intense and sometimes uncomfortable effects of this material will make its use self - limiting for sure .
File this one under  Medicine .
No doubt , 5 mg was not enough .
10 mg was adequate , but I could have gone deeper , and next time will increase my dose to 7+7 .
Splitting the dose was a good idea .
I think it smoothed out the come - up somewhat and allowed me to transition into the deeper experience with greater ease .
I have no doubt that in larger doses , this medicine could serve me with the terror I have read so much about , and at times in the past felt .
The ominous power of 5 - MeO - DMT is well understood by this meek and humble traveler .
I will proceed with great caution and respect .
I can only thank a higher intelligence ( God ? ) for providing these gateways to higher consciousness .
Abstract
We describe a class of attacks that can compromise the privacy of users '
Web - browsing histories .
The attacks allow a malicious Web site to determine whether or not the user has recently visited some other , unrelated Web page .
The malicious page can determine this information by measuring the time the user 's browser requires to perform certain operations .
Since browsers perform various forms of caching , the time required for operations depends on the user 's browsing history ; this paper shows that the resulting time variations convey enough information to compromise users ' privacy .
This attack method also allows other types of information gathering by Web sites , such as a more invasive form of Web " cookies " .
The attacks we describe can be carried out without the victim 's knowledge , and most " anonymous browsing " tools fail to prevent them .
Other simple countermeasures also fail to prevent these attacks .
We describe a way of reengineering browsers to prevent most of them .
1 . Introduction ...
Welcome to , where you can find downloadable samples and sounds for
plug - in and hardware instruments , loops , and music in high resolution MP3 .
Hear before you buy .
Everything has an audio demo of only the actual sample or sound .
Samples and sounds are royalty free , and can be purchased in bundles or individually .
Advertisement
1. Regretsy ( 2010 )
Call them impulse items , gift books , bathroom books , or ephemera collections — everyone ’s probably familiar with those books that sit by the bookstore cash register , in the hope that people will pick them up on a whim , either for someone who ’s hard to shop for , or just in a moment of brief interest .
That interest rarely lasts long , especially these days , when the blog - to - book phenomenon turns popular websites like Stuff On My Cat and Hot Chicks With Douchebags into knockoff print versions on a regular basis .
( More rarely , the same phenomenon spawns something more durable and high - end , like the bestselling Postsecret art books . )
A decade ago , most of those books were forgotten 10 minutes after the gift - wrap came off ; these days , they ’re forgotten in the time it takes to mentally click over to the next novelty website .
But a few books either go further with their premises , or are just so entertaining that they ’re actually worth the money .
The recent blog - to - book Regretsy makes the list on the basis of its winning snark and staggering pictures :
Every week , blogger April Winchell trawls the online handicrafts marketplace etsy.com , comes up with the ugliest and most conceptually baffling items for sale , and presents them for mockery .
The site is short and to the point , but the book gets more sympathetic and more expansive .
It ’s still a mocking glimpse at the bizarre channels that creativity drips into , but it ’s also a more nuanced , thoughtful extended essay about what people get out of the creative effort , even when they ’re making ugly , useless , incomprehensible things .
2. The Darwin Awards : Evolution In Action ( 2000 )
A phenomenon that crawled from the primordial sludge of the early Internet age and took on a life of its own , The Darwin Awards is one of those perfect ideas that simply needed someone to pluck it out of thin air .
Wendy Northcutt ’s book The Darwin Awards : Evolution
In Action rounds up some of the best examples of people throughout history who died ( or lost the ability to reproduce ) in sublimely stupid ways .
Their choice to voluntarily remove themselves from the human gene pool is a favor to all mankind , which deserves an award and immortalization in a smart - ass book .
In spite of the inherent tragedy ( and tongue - in - cheek endorsement of eugenics ) of Northcutt ’s project , how can you not find schadenfreude in death by Coke machine or car sex ?
Now that the book has spun off into three sequels and a feature film , the joke may have lost its own evolutionary momentum , but the gleefully mean - spirited premise and fun execution of that first installment is still a hoot .
Advertisement
3. The Stray Shopping Carts Of Eastern North America : A Guide To Field Identification ( 2006 )
City dwellers really lose out when it comes to field - identification books :
Once you ’ve found those pictures of a pigeon or weeds , you ’ve pretty much gotten all you can out of bird - watching or botanical guides .
Thankfully , however , there are other common wild specimens to be found in urban environments of any kind — abandoned shopping carts .
Julian Montague ’s astoundingly extensive categories add reasoned order to the varieties of stray carts that all metropolitan residents will immediately recognize .
Whether or not you completely geek out and memorize the criteria for instant real - time identification , the book somehow conveys strikingly animalistic characteristics to abandoned or destroyed carts .
After reading , it ’s hard not to feel sorry for the B /12 SIMPLE VANDALISMs you spot .
4. The Gospel Of The Flying Spaghetti Monster ( 2006 )
In 2005 , Bobby Henderson launched a protest against the Kansas Board Of Education :
Since the state wanted to allow schools to teach intelligent design , he demanded that lessons include his own religion ’s belief that the world was created by an intelligent being called the Flying Spaghetti Monster .
Calling himself a “ prophet ” of the FSM Church — “ Pastafarianism , ” colloquially — Henderson turned the parody into a full - on phenomenon , complete with a re-imagining of Michelangelo ’s The Creation Of Adam , bumper - ready Spaghetti Monster emblems resembling those Ichthus fish , and pictures of toast burnt with the Monster ’s holy image .
Whether you ’re a devoted follower or simply curious about the faith , The Gospel Of The Flying Spaghetti Monster lays out all you need to know , from the religion ’s core tenets to major holidays , including Ramendan and Pastaover .
The Gospel now endures as a critique of religion as strong and amusing as Life Of Brian , but it ’s so silly that , no matter one ’s own convictions , it ’s hard not to be touched by His Noodly Appendage .
R’amen .
Advertisement
5. Chocolate : The Consuming Passion ( 1982 )
Anybody who ’s had more than 10 adult birthdays has probably gotten one of Sandra Boynton ’s signature “ Hippo Birdies Two Ewe ” greeting cards .
And anybody who ’s had kids since the 1970s has turned the cardboard pages of But Not The Hippopotamus or Blue Hat , Green Hat so many times , the entire text is seared in memory .
But the cartoonist ’s greatest achievement is an unassuming , slender paperback applying her bug-eyed , deadpan animals to the subject of chocolate .
She actually teaches readers some things about chocolate , and makes them remember the information by mnemonically linking it to her guilty - looking pigs and hippos .
Some of the book ’s store of knowledge consists of facts about chocolate ’s origin and production methods ; some is definitive opinion , such as the dotted - line rectangle the reader is invited to cut out and eat to approximate the experience of consuming white chocolate .
And we defy anyone who has ever leafed through Chocolate : The Consuming Passion to bake chocolate - chip cookies without remembering Boynton ’s recipe , with its “ Sample the batter ” step accompanied by a drawing of a hippo pouring the contents of the bowl directly into its mouth , followed by “ Bake the cookie at 350 degrees … ”
Advertisement
6. Mountain Man Dance Moves : The McSweeney ’s Book Of Lists ( 2006 )
Dave Eggers ’ McSweeney ’s empire has come to encompass all manner of print and online awesomeness , but it ’s good to see that it is n’t above cranking out a quick book of lists for the back of the toilet .
That said , there are many layers of hilarity and weirdness to Mountain Man Dance Moves : The McSweeney ’s Book Of Lists .
At first glance , it ’s a mildly pop-culture - fixated roll call — but the deeper you dive into hilariously warped entries like “ Things This City Was Built On , Besides Rock ’ N ’ Roll , ” “ Adjectives Rarely Used By Wine Tasters , ” and “ Things This One Girl Sitting Near Me In A Movie Theater Said Out Loud When One Of The Characters Was Shown Pulling Into A Gas Station , ” it ’s clear that Mountain Man Dance Moves is n’t the silly stepchild of the McSweeney ’s aesthetic — it may be its ultimate expression .
7. Mortified ( 2006 )
This is the golden age for people who like to overshare , and Mortified was ahead of the zeitgeist when David Nadelberg created it in L.A. as a live series where people read their embarrassing adolescent journals , poems , letters , lyrics , etc .
The first Mortified book collected some of the best , most cringe - inducing of them , each with an introduction and postscript from the writers in the present day .
( Awkward erotic stories about Duran Duran ?
Check .
Diary that exclaims “ Oh , and I tried cocaine !
It ’s the coolest fucking thing on earth ” ?
Check . )
While this stuff is best experienced at the live Mortified events , the book is still a hilarious collection of teenage angst .
Advertisement
8. Love , Mom : Poignant , Goofy , Brilliant Messages from Home ( 2009 )
Love , Mom ’s sweet title and somewhat cloying cover belie a book that captures the art of found humor done right .
Doree Shafrir and Jessica Grose started the blog PostcardsFromYoMomma.com in 2008 , so readers could share their mothers ’ e-mails , many of which are inexplicably hilarious taken out of ( or in ) context .
Mothers + technology = gold .
Sample entry : “ Dad uncovered a gerbil skull in the garden .
Does anyone want it ?
It has no teeth .
It has been cleaned . ”
Adult kids enjoy the “ that ’s so mom ” - ness of many of the entries , while there are just enough sweet e-mails to make it appropriate for moms , too .
Do n’t feel left out , guys : Shit My Dad Says is also now available in book form .
Advertisement
9 - 11 . Why Cats Paint ( 1994 ) / Dancing With Cats ( 1996 ) / Why Paint Cats ( 2006 )
What makes cat owners so weirdly obsessed with their pets ?
Dunno , but it ’s perfectly captured in Why Cats Paint , Dancing With Cats , and Why Paint Cats — in spite of the absurdly bizarre activities they describe , it does n’t go so far that first - time readers will immediately know it is n’t for real .
Playing it straight from cover to cover , Burton Silver and Heather Busch test how much you ’re willing to believe , from cat owners gushing over paint that cats have smeared on the wall to a wacky , relationship - troubled woman doing an interpretive dance of Giselle with her cat .
Strengthening the plausibility of it all is the duo ’s New Age take on it all , with incoherent ramblings about feline energy fields and astral vortexes , as expressed by hippies - gone - bonkers … somehow , it is n’t impossible to believe these people exist .
And , as lolcats and Stuff On My Cat have shown , cats ’ facial expressions ( presumably , in Dancing With Cats , as they ’re being thrown through the air for the camera ) in ridiculous circumstances are endlessly amusing , regardless of the context .
It ’s all a joke , but it ’s more fun to tell your friends it is n’t .
12 . Deep Thoughts : Inspiration For The Uninspired ( 1992 )
One of the best parts of Saturday Night Live in the early ’ 90s — and one of the few bits that was so short and to the point that it never outlasted its welcome — was the periodic “ Deep Thoughts With Jack Handey ” routine , in which generic inspirational footage ( a sunset , lapping waves , flowers in the breeze ) would run in the background while a soothing voice intoned a faux - inspirational thought that started off thoughtful , then veered off - course , like “ It ’s too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs . ”
Or “ The face of a child can really say it all , especially the mouth part of the face . ”
The collected Deep Thoughts only takes a few minutes to read , but the wry surreality of its straight - faced gags makes it endlessly revisitable , and each not - so - deep thought is a little mental palate - refresher , like a single bite of weird , weird lemon sorbet .
Advertisement
13 - 14 . David Letterman ’s Book Of Top Ten Lists ( 1990 ) and Jay Leno ’s Headlines ( 1989 )
The Late Night With David Letterman writers introduced the “ Top Ten List ” in 1985 as a way of spoofing the inanity of the “ best ” and “ worst ” lists dominating the show - biz press at the time , but quickly realized that the format was perfect for tossing out 10 silly jokes about the issues of the day .
Collections of those lists became perennial bestsellers in the ’90s , and though they ’re funny even now , the books work even better as a document of which ripped - from - the - headlines references were comedy gold decades ago .
( In 1990 : The Rob Lowe sex tape ; in 1995 : Judge Ito . )
Two years after Late Night started doing its Top Ten , Jay Leno — then the permanent guest host for Johnny Carson ’s Tonight Show — launched a regular segment making fun of strange newspaper headlines and ads .
Granted , the bit was a rip - off of Letterman ’s own “ Small Town News ” ( which itself was n’t wholly original ) , but hey … funny is funny .
In book form especially , without Leno ’s smirking maw getting in the way , the “ Headlines ” routine is a winner .
No matter the source , it ’s hard to deny the comic value of head - scratching headlines like “ Family Catches Fire Just In Time , Chief Says ” and “ Drought Turns Coyotes To Watermelons . ”
Advertisement
15 . Should You Be Laughing At This ?
( 2006 )
Rarely does a title describe a book so accurately — much less a bathroom book that ’s so much more than its title alone .
Such is the case with Hugleikur Dagsson ’s wonderful Icelandic enigma Should You Be Laughing At This ? , basically a short collection of poorly drawn cartoons with minimal text .
But man , is it ever disturbing : A boy walks in as his mom is cooking dinner and declares , “ Why hello there mother !
I was fucking my brother just now … ”
That ’s it .
A guy leans over to a friend in church and whispers , “ My ass is bleeding . ”
Done .
A guy proclaims , “ Wait a minute … this is n’t tennis !
This is anal sex !! ”
Next page .
Yes , it ’s disturbing as hell — the lean tome is rife with necrophilia , pedophilia , lots of dick - stabbing , and some broken English — but it ’s laughable , even for those who ca n’t put a finger on why one KKK member saying “ Take me ” to another in front of a burning cross is so funny .
This definitely is n’t a book to overthink , but who overthinks on the can ?
Advertisement
16 . The Official Preppy Handbook ( 1980 )
Ostensibly a satirical guide to the Lacoste - and - loafer - rocking Ivy League set , 1980 ’s The Official Preppy Handbook is a funny book that became a cultural movement , once it was embraced by the very bluebloods it was supposedly mocking .
Whether the rich kids recognized that they were being skewered as stiff - lipped “ Biffs ” and “ Muffies ” was immaterial :
An entire generation of burgeoning yuppies used its “ advice ” to plot the course of their privileged lives from private schools to chasing admission into one of the “ Big Three ” to “ The Country Club Years , ” gathering lessons along the way in lexicon , getting in good with the old - boy network , and proper “ deviant behavior . ”
Even more important were its fashion tips — a blueprint for dressing “ preppy ” that ( by the stores ’ own admission ) helped turn J. Crew and L.L.
Bean into major retailers , and created a lasting legacy of madras plaid and popped collars .
That recent resurgence of prep fashion even inspired author Lisa Birnbach to craft a sequel , True Prep : It ’s A Whole New Old World , due in September .
17 . The Hipster Handbook ( 2003 )
Of all the scads of unofficial sequels “ inspired by ” the Preppy Handbook , none have been more popular or resonant than 2003 ’s The Hipster Handbook .
Like its predecessor , Robert Lanham ’s satirical look at all the self - serious bohemians in his Williamsburg neighborhood — the ones who “ frequently use the term ‘ postmodern , ” “ have at one time or another worn a pair of Elvis Costello - style glasses , ” and “ shun or reduce to kitsch anything embraced by the mainstream ” — was a big hit primarily with people who probably secretly relished their high “ hipsterdom ” scores on the book ’s final quiz .
And while “ hipsterdom ” is probably too nebulously defined to enjoy the same sort of cyclical resurgence as “ prepdom , ” The Hipster Handbook is similarly valuable as a sociological artifact , useful for whenever future generations wonder how exactly “ V - neck ” and “ PBR ” became insults .
Advertisement
18 . The Chap Manifesto ( 2001 )
A play on The Official Preppy Handbook that ’s even more firmly tongue - in - cheek , Gustav Temple and Vic Darkwood ’s The Chap Manifesto calls for an overthrow of vulgar modernity and a return to a society whose basic tenets are “ courteous behavior and proper headwear ” — a philosophy it terms “ Anarcho - Dandyism . ”
The book encourages this “ Tweed Revolution ” with a comprehensive etiquette guide to genteel living for the modern gentleman — whichever of the four essential types of chap ( Dandy , Cad , Hearty Fellow , or Poet ) he may be — covering everything from mustache grooming to “ trouser semaphore ” to wooing the ladies with star - shaped smoke rings and Schubert symphonies .
Like the eponymous British magazine it ’s based on , Chap is a droll , expressly silly exercise in upper - class twittery , but its message is surprisingly sound :
In a world dominated by Internet comment boards and Crocs , we could all use a touch of class .
19 . Roundabouts Of Great Britain ( 2004 )
The solution to America ’s gridlock problems , anyone who ’s ever lived in the United Kingdom will tell you , is more traffic circles ( or “ roundabouts , ” as the Brits call them ) .
What makes roundabouts such an appealing fix is their simplicity — slap down a circular slab of concrete , and voila .
That does not , however , make for particularly interesting things to look at , which is why the 93 pages of Kevin Beresford ’s Roundabouts Of Great Britain is a slyly hilarious parody both of photography books and of the British fascination with boring things .
( This is a culture where people follow train schedules for fun . )
Using unnecessarily thorough description and assessment , Roundabouts is the kind of coffee - table book that perpetually confounds guests with its nebulous legitimacy .
It ’s a great conversation - starter , as long as that conversation is about traffic circles .
Advertisement
20 . The Ultimate Book of Top 10 Lists ( 2009 )
Listverse.com is a website entirely dedicated to user - submitted top 10 lists .
The staff mostly did a good job of picking through these lists for its first book , but a bunch of the selected ones are just plain weird , and the whole book suffers from a generalized lack of copyediting .
But Listverse is such a huge site that reading all of it would n’t be practical , and collecting the lists in book form turns out to be surprisingly entertaining .
If a list offends with its stupidity , there ’s always something else around the corner .
It ’s an oddly egalitarian book , where a list with tips for committing the perfect crime bumps up against a list of the top 10 child singers .
That freewheeling sense of all information being good information keeps the book fun , and makes it essential bathroom reading .
Advertisement
21 . Street Boners ( 2010 )
Vice co-founder Gavin McInnes is clearly kind of a horrible person , but his new collection of observations about badly dressed hipsters is tough to put down .
Essentially a collection of Vice ’s “ Dos And Don’ts ” ( but not called that , likely because McInnes is no longer associated with Vice ) , the glossy , full - color book is brimming with photographs of horrible outfits , sexy people , and pithy , asshole - ish commentary .
Example of a negative write - up : “ British New Age hippies smell way worse than their American Burning Man counterparts because , unlike the desert , rural Britain is very moist , and bacteria never really get a chance to dry . ”
And accompanying a photo of a woman he finds attractive : “ Not a girl , not yet a woman but already a boner . ”
22 - plus .
The Brick Testament series ( 2003 )
Since the early ’00s , Brendan Powell Smith has been retelling stories from the Bible with Legos .
Smith approaches the task with no particular reverence — though he occasionally bills himself as “ The Rev. Brendan Powell Smith , ” he ’s an unrepentant atheist — but he does n’t stray too far from the text either .
Though Smith sometimes provides sarcastic quotes in captions , he mostly sticks to straightforward , though whimsical , depictions of the stories , each executed with the passion for detail of a true Lego enthusiast .
Still a work in progress , Smith ’s Brick Testament gets regular updates online , and it ’s also been turned into several pocket - sized books , the perfect gift for someone looking for all the Lego sex , violence , and miracles the Bible can inspire .
Advertisement
23 - 24 . Found ( 2004 ) and Found II ( 2006 )
Davy Rothbart ’s Found !
celebrates the sense of discovery everyone feels upon discovering a scrap of paper blowing across a parking lot , with hilarious personal writing on it .
Rothbart ’s collection of found writings spilled into a self - published magazine , and eventually , two books that collected the often funny , often moving items Rothbart ’s readers sent him .
Sure , a lot of this stuff is hysterical , as when a “ Do you want to go out with me ? ” note has the options “ Yes , ” “ No , ” and “ Yes , but I have herpes and you might want to reconsider . ”
But plenty of it has a weird sense of tragedy , and it ’s hard not to stare at the photos Rothbart turned up — often from days long past — and wonder who the people in them might have been , or to imagine what caused that girl to write that angry , heartbroken breakup letter .
Advertisement
25 - plus .
The Little Black Book series ( 2004 - present )
The very definition of checkout - counter impulse items , Peter Pauper Books ’ “ Little Black Books ” series are pocket - sized , attractively bound wee volumes on a wide number of topics , from party games to cocktails to poker .
But they ’re packed with useful information , cleverly written ( by a reliable rotating staff ) , and with an appealing Art Deco design scheme .
The martini volume , for example , is a tasty mix of historical data , amusing anecdotes , and memorable recipes .
Small enough to take along as a crib sheet when you ’re trying to impress people at a party , but memorable enough to keep around for everyday reading , the Little Black Books series are a regret - free way to round off your purchase to the nearest $ 20 .
26 - plus .
The Eat This , Not That !
series ( 2007 - 2010 )
With their bright colors , eye - catching graphics , and easily digestible blurbs , the Eat This , Not That !
books are like USA Today on steroids , collected in book form .
( The cover of the Supermarket Survival Guide edition is an eye - searing neon orange . )
Like the other books on this list , Eat This , Not That !
is n’t meant to be read like a novel ; it ’s for occasional reference at the store , or an idle flip - through at home .
Each spread in the book compares similar items — bad stuff on the right side , healthier alternatives on the left — spelling out what makes them bad or better .
While it can be terribly disheartening to learn that a Twix has the same saturated - fat content as 11 strips of bacon , Eat This , Not That !
is one thing virtually every other book on this list is n’t : useful .
( CNN ) -- Sugar lovers may have to face a bitter truth :
The less sugar added to foods for typical people , the better are their blood - fat profiles and the lower are their cardiovascular risks , a study to be published Wednesday concludes .
" We found that the lower the amount of added sugar people ate , the better their good cholesterol and their blood triglyceride levels , " said co-author Dr. Miriam B. Vos , assistant professor of pediatrics at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , and author of " The No - Diet Obesity Solution for Kids . "
Unfortunately for dessert lovers , the converse is true .
Increased sugars are associated with important cardiovascular disease risk factors , according to the report .
The authors cited lower levels of HDL-C , which is sometimes referred to as the good cholesterol , and higher levels of triglycerides .
The study , to be published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , highlights a trend some nutritionists consider disturbing :
In recent years , the typical American 's diet has increasingly incorporated added sugars .
The authors defined them as " caloric sweeteners used by the food industry and consumers as ingredients in processed or prepared foods to increase the desirability of those foods . "
Data from the mid-1990s show that 15.8 percent of the typical American 's diet was composed of added sugar -- 21.4 teaspoons or 359 calories per day .
That 's up from 10.6 percent in 1977 - 1978 .
Added sugars have been linked to obesity , diabetes and tooth decay .
The researchers studied 6,113 adults enrolled in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey .
Interviewers called them and asked what they had eaten the previous day , then estimated the total added sugar in each person 's diet .
Participants were then separated into groups :
Those who got less than 5 percent of total calories from added sugar ; 5 percent to less than 10 percent ; 10 percent to less than 17.5 percent ; 17.5 percent to less than 25 percent ; and 25 percent or more .
Those in the highest - consuming added sugar group eat about 46 teaspoons of added sugar per day , the study said .
Those who consumed more added sugar tended to be younger , non-Latino blacks with low income , it said .
The report says 18.5 percent of Americans get at least 25 percent of their calories from added sugar .
The strongest relationship between added sugar and blood fats was found in values for HDL-C , which fell from 58.7 mg / dl for those who ate the least added sugar to 47.7 mg / dl for those who ate the most .
A higher HDL- C level is associated with a lower cardiovascular risk .
Among some blood fats linked to higher cardiovascular risk , the converse was true : Triglyceride levels went from 105 mg / dl in the group that ate the least sugar to 114 mg / dl in the group that ate the most .
The so - called bad cholesterol , LDL-C , went from 116 mg / dl for women who ate the least sugar to 123 mg / dl for women who ate the most .
There were no significant trends for LDL - C among men .
The authors concluded that their data support dietary guidelines that aim to cut consumption of added sugar .
But those guidelines are all over the map .
The Institute of Medicine recommends no more than 25 percent of total energy from added sugars ; the World Health Organization recommends less than 10 percent ; and the American Heart Association has recently advised no more than 100 calories per day for women and 150 calories per day for men , which works out to about 5 percent .
" What it really means is we have to go back to things like whole grains and vegetables and fruit and eat things in moderation in order to be healthy , " Vos said .
" Plus , a good healthy dose of activity . "
But the study compiled data based on a single day 's consumption , and it was not clear whether that day was representative of other days , she said .
" We do n't know that all of the people had their usual diet the day before , " she said .
" There are always some weaknesses in that kind of data . "
Carbohydrates have been linked for decades to abnormal blood fat levels , " but a big contemporary issue is added sugars , " said Dr. Frank Sacks , professor of nutrition at Harvard School of Public Health in Boston , Massachusetts .
Vos ' study " fills in a gap in the science base . "
The study will likely be discussed next month when the American Heart Association takes up the matter of added sugars at its meeting in Washington , he said .
" We just overeat too damn much , " he said .
" What this study is saying is that , for some groups -- especially young people , black , poor -- sugar is just way too big a proportion of their intake . "
" The real truth is that we 're supposed to eat a balanced diet , less processed food , " said Carla Wolper , a nutritionist at the Obesity Research Center at St. Luke 's Hospital in New York and assistant professor at Columbia University 's Eating Disorders Center .
Wolper praised the study for its size and careful construction .
But Dr. Richard K. Bernstein , a diabetes specialist based in Mamaroneck , New York , was unimpressed .
" This is just one more study showing that carbohydrates create abnormal lipid profiles , " he said .
I have a new granddaughter arriving soon .
That much - anticipated event and early signs of spring have me summoning up my earlier career as a librarian .
It ’s time to get this baby ’s bookcase filled – with books about the garden , of course .
There are many fine picture books for young children – see list that follows – but I ’m starting with my two favorites : Barbara Cooney ’s " Miss Rumphius " and Peter Brown 's " The Curious Garden . "
In addition to the authors also being the illustrators , the books have a similar theme : gardens make the world better .
Ms. Cooney , who died in 2000 , is among the most celebrated American children ’s book author - illustrators and the winner of two Caldecott Medals , the annual prize given for the “ most distinguished American picture book . ” " Miss Rumphius " won the National Book Award in 1983 .
Calling the story one of “ the closest to her heart , ” Cooney writes of a little girl who sets three goals for when she grows up : to visit faraway places , to come home and live by the sea , and to do something to make the world more beautiful .
She eventually fulfills all three goals , but it is the third , making the world more beautiful , that is the most difficult .
Until , that is , she discovers that the wind has spread the seeds of her lupines and decides to help nature by sowing lupine seeds wherever she walks until there are so many blooms that she becomes known as the Lupine Lady .
It ’s a warm , charming story , gloriously illustrated in acrylic and color pencil .
A classic .
Peter Brown , with four picture books under his belt , promises to have a notable career .
" The Curious Garden " is a fictional account of the wonderful new garden – High Line Park – that has been created on an abandoned elevated railway over lower Manhattan .
In Brown ’s version , a curious young boy named Liam discovers struggling plants on a rail bed and decides to help them grow .
In time , the plants take on a life of their own , spread throughout the city , and transform it from gray to green .
And new gardeners pop up as well as new plants .
Like the Lupine Lady , Liam not only makes the world more beautiful , he illustrates what a difference one gardener can make .
Lively illustrations done in acrylic and gouache .
A new classic .
If you ’re looking to fill a bookcase , consider the following titles , all picture books written for young children .
Many are available in paperback and as board books as well as in hardcover .
( And if you have favorite books to interest kids in gardening , do mention them in a comment below . )
• The Carrot Seed by Krauss , Ruth .
• The Gardener by Sarah Stewart and David Small .
• City Green by DyAnne DiSalvo- Ryan
• The Imaginary Garden by Andrew Larsen and Irene Luxbacher .
• Growing Vegetable Soup by Lois Ehlert .
• Too Many Pumpkins by Linda White .
• Flower Garden by Eve Bunting and Kathryn Hewett .
• Sunflower House by Eve Bunting and Kathryn Hewett .
• Quiet in the Garden by Aliki .
Karan Davis
Cutler is one of nine garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin ’
It .
She 's a former magazine editor and newspaper columnist and the author of scores of garden articles and more than a dozen books , including “ Burpee - The Complete Flower Gardener ” and “ Herb Gardening for Dummies . ”
She now struggles to garden in the unyieldingly dense clay of Addison County , Vt. , on the shore of Lake Champlain , where she is working on a book about gardening to attract birds and other wildlife .
-----
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
To read more by Karan , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
See also our Diggin '
It blog archive and RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our next contest .
For over three decades , Chevron chose profit over people in the Ecuadorian Amazon .
The cold and calculated decision to save $ 3 per barrel and yet poison entire communities is compounded daily as Chevron continues its PR campaign to suppress the truth and barrage the media with lies about its actions and responsibility .
This blog is part of an ever - growing campaign to counter Chevron 's misinformation tactics and speak frankly about their attempts to hide their role in the world 's worst oil - related disaster .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
On May 24 , 2010 , the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite captured this false - color , high - resolution view of the very tip of the Mississippi River Delta .
Ribbons and patches of oil that have leaked from the Deepwater Horizon well offshore are silver against the light blue color of the adjacent water .
Vegetation is red .
In the sunglint region of a satellite image — where the mirror - like reflection of the Sun gets blurred into a wide , bright strip — any differences in the texture of the water surface are enhanced .
Oil smoothes the water , making it a better “ mirror . ”
Oil - covered waters are very bright in this image , but , depending on the viewing conditions ( time of day , satellite viewing angle , slick location ) , oil - covered water may look darker rather than brighter .
The relative brightness of the oil from place to place is not necessarily an indication of the amount of oil .
Any oil located near the precise spot where the Sun ’s reflection would appear if the surface of the Gulf were perfectly smooth and calm is going to look very bright in these images .
In addition , not all of bright areas are definitely manmade oil .
Detecting a manmade oil slick in coastal areas can be even more complicated than detecting it in the open ocean .
When oil slicks are visible in satellite images , it is because they have changed how the water reflects light , either by making the Sun ’s reflection brighter or by dampening the scattering of sunlight , which makes the oily area darker .
In coastal areas , however , similar changes in reflectivity can occur from differences in salinity ( fresh versus salt water ) and from naturally produced oils from plants .
The cause of the dark patch of water in the upper left quadrant of the image is unknown .
It may indicate the use of chemical dispersants , skimmers , or booms , or it may be the result of natural differences in turbidity , salinity , or organic matter in the coastal waters .
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen , using data provided courtesy of NASA / GSFC / METI / ERSDAC / JAROS , and U.S. / Japan ASTER Science Team .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
NOTE : Video is after the jump because it 's just too explosive for the front page .
Also , some dude yells " SHIT ! " when the thing goes off so be sure to turn your speakers up loud enough for your boss to hear .
This is a video of some idiot sitting in a chair atop an airbag his friends ( who obviously are n't really his friends ) are about to remotely deploy .
In this case , the airbag does little to protect Captain Crashtest .
As a matter of fact , it does just the opposite .
Now I know what you 're wondering : " OMG , does he die ? ! "
Unfortunately not .
But thankfully , if he keeps this shit up his days are numbered .
I 'm talking double digits , tops .
Hit it for the relatively worthwhile video .
Youtube
via
Man Rides Exploding Airbag Indoors , Internet Laughs [ jalopnik ]
Thanks to Peterman , who once sat on top of a seat belt fastener until his leg fell asleep .
NOW THAT SOUNDS LIKE A VIDEO WORTH WATCHING !
If you go to Sacramento this week , do n't be surprised to hear champagne corks popping and chants of " We 're # 2 !
We 're # 2 ! "
The cause for celebration ?
Illinois has overtaken California as the worst credit risk among American states .
As of Monday , the credit default swap spread for Illinois general obligation bonds climbed to 313 basis points for a five - year contract -- meaning a bondholder must pay over 3 % of the bond 's face value per year to be insured against default .
That 's a higher price than for all but seven sovereign entities tracked by CMA , and slightly higher than California , whose five - year CDS spread sits at 293 .
Investors rate Illinois 's debt as slightly riskier than Iceland 's or Latvia 's , but not quite as big a gamble as Iraq's .
Despite this environment , Illinois chose to issue an additional $ 300 million in taxable Build America Bonds last week .
Unsurprisingly , the markets were not keen and demanded a high price : the new 25 - year bonds were sold with a yield of 7.1 % , a spread of 297 basis points over 30 - year treasuries .
Illinois ' last long term issues , in April , had spreads of 205 and 210 basis points , meaning investors were already nervous about Illinois and are growing moreso .
This issuance provides further evidence that the ratings agencies have n't fully appreciated the dire nature of state finances , at least in states like California and Illinois .
While Illinois carries a Moody 's rating of A1 , six notches above junk status , the markets put Illinois 's debt close to the borderline between junk and investment grade .
As my colleague Nicole Gelinas points out , bonds due in 2036 from Anandarko Petroleum ( BP's 25 % partner in the Deepwater Horizon rig ) were yielding 7.3 % at the time of the Illinois issue .
That 's only a bit richer than Illinois 's bonds maturing in 2035 , yet Anandarko is rated Baa3 , five notches below Illinois .
Jeffries and Hartford Financial , rated Baa2 and Baa3 respectively , both have issuances due in 2036 that were yielding 7.1 % .
What is Illinois doing that has the markets so nervous ?
A few months back , I explored the issue , noting that Illinois does n't face many of the challenges that typify " states in peril . "
Unlike California , Illinois cannot blame its budget woes on a particularly volatile revenue system or on outsize exposure to the housing bubble .
Illinois 's crisis is unique in that it is purely a creature of mismanagement by elected officials .
Like California , Illinois has n't balanced a budget in nearly a decade , and instead uses gimmicks and borrowing to close gaps .
Like California , Illinois regularly issues bonds to pay for current government operations .
But unlike California , Illinois has some of the country 's least - funded public employee pension plans .
Public employee pensions plans create fiscal challenges for all states , but it 's hard to find one that is coping more poorly than Illinois .
Legislators have routinely closed budget gaps by deferring pension payments .
( Or sometimes they make the payments by issuing Pension Obligation Bonds , over $ 13 billion in the last 10 years ) .
In a recent study that I co-authored looking at the funding status of teacher pension plans in the states , Illinois was the second - worst performer ; only West Virginia 's pension fund has a lower funding ratio .
Illinois 's pension funding irresponsibility may come home to roost soon .
Joshua Rauh , a professor at Northwestern University , estimates that the state 's pension funds will run out of money in 2018 at the current funding pace .
He estimates the plans ' total funding gap at $ 219 billion -- a liability that dwarfs the $ 117 billion in bonds outstanding from the state and localities within it .
Once the reserves run out , Illinois wo n't be able to defer its pension costs any longer .
Unless it wants to default on pension promises made to retirees over decades ( which it is barred from doing by the state constitution ) it will have to draw on current tax revenues to pay out current - year benefits -- and that need will compete with other state spending and with debt service .
Illinois did enact a pension reform this year , but the reform only applies to newly - hired employees , so it generates only minimal savings in the near - term .
Worse , it keeps those new employees on a defined benefit system , only with reduced benefits -- leaving open the possibility that legislators will go back and sweeten benefits when the economy looks stronger .
( This is a cycle that New York State has been through more than once . )
Instead , Illinois should shift to a defined - contribution system for future retirement benefits , at least for new hires .
Recent actions in non-pension areas are even less inspiring .
The state legislature recently passed a provisional budget designed to " close " the state 's budget gap , though it does nothing to resolve $ 6 billion in accrued but unpaid bills to state service providers , like doctors and hospitals providing Medicaid services .
Legislators currently have no plan to make the $ 4 billion payment due into the state 's employee pension funds this year .
The bond markets are screaming that Illinois needs real fiscal reform , and they did n't find the pension reform to be satisfactory .
To calm the bond markets , Illinois must stop using its pension funds as a venue for backdoor borrowing , stop borrowing to pay for current operations , and stop spending more money than it takes in .
The Illinois Policy Institute has been advancing a creative solution to the state 's budget woes .
They have proposed a constitutional spending cap , similar to one enacted in Colorado in 1992 , that would limit state spending growth to population plus inflation growth .
But unlike Colorado's cap , which was designed to finance tax rebates , the Illinois proposal would direct that the state to fully fund its pension contributions each year .
It would also require the state to pay off the billions in deferred payments to providers , and to maintain a rainy day fund equal to 8 % of state spending .
Only once the state had achieved these measures to put its fiscal house in order would taxpayers start seeing rebates .
Illinois legislators should seriously consider the cap or other measures to ensure that Illinois sees real budget balance .
They would also do well to take a page from New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , who has been focusing on reining in the cost of local government , which can then reduce the need for budget - busting rises in local aid .
In 2008 , Illinois had the country 's lowest level of voluntary turnover in state employment , under 2 % per year .
Translation : public workers are n't giving up their jobs unless they 're fired or retiring on pension .
Near - zero turnover is a sign that Illinois could achieve significant savings on employee compensation while continuing to retain a quality workforce .
Since payroll costs are roughly half the total cost of state and local government in America , this is an avenue for real savings .
This spring , Tina Fey -- a sometime - Chicagoan of Greek descent -- admonished Greece to get its fiscal house in order .
" You 're embarrassing us in front of Turkey ! " she proclaimed , in perhaps Saturday Night Live 's first analysis of sovereign debt crises .
Now , Illinois legislators are embarrassing the state in front of California ( and Turkey , which has a CDS spread below 200 ) .
If Illinois does n't take steps to get its fiscal house in order , it will face a vicious cycle -- rising borrowing costs that eat up more of the state 's budget , which will grow the state 's budget deficit and make it an even worse credit risk .
And we will all have evidence that , yes , you can do worse than California .
April tax collections are falling short of forecasts and even dropping below last year 's depressed levels in a number of states , complicating budget troubles and prompting some governors to dip into rainy - day funds .
Following several months of modest improvement , the weak April revenue numbers are disappointing for states that hoped for economic recovery soon .
Based ...
A judge slapped an Arkansas mother with a fine for locking her 17 - year - old son out of his Facebook account and ordered the woman to leave the teenager alone .
Denise New hijacked her son Lane ’s Facebook account when he left it logged in on a home computer , changing his password and posting as Lane .
One post cited by the judge : “ Check this out — I went to my mom’s and deliberately started an argument and called the police on her .
She almost went to jail .
How cool is that ?
Ha , ha , ha . ”
New was convicted on a misdemeanor harassment charge , receiving a $ 435 fine and mandatory parenting and anger - management classes , according to the Associated Press , as well as a 30 - day suspended jail sentence to be served only if she violates provisions in her year - long probation .
New is also no longer allowed to see her son , who has lived with his grandmother for the past five years .
The judge said he ’d consider allowing New to see Lane after the classes were complete .
But paramount to all — Lane has access to his Facebook again .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea ’s military believes a torpedo fired from a North Korean submarine sank its navy ship last month , based on intelligence gathered jointly with the United States , a news report said on Thursday .
South Korean Navy 's Underwater Demolition Team ( UDT ) members dive to search for possible survivors and bodies of the sunken naval ship Cheonan in the water off Baengnyeongdo , an island near the border with North Korea , April 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jo Yong - Hak
The Yonhap news report appears to be the clearest sign yet that Seoul blames Pyongyang for what would be one of the deadliest incidents between the rivals since the end of the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
It puts more political pressure on President Lee Myung - bak , but analysts do not see it triggering a war .
The military ’s intelligence arm sent the report of “ certain ” North Korean involvement to the presidential Blue House soon after the incident , Yonhap quoted a high - ranking military source as saying .
Lee ’s government has come under criticism for what many see as its overly cautious handling of possible links to North Korea .
It has called for a thorough investigation of the sinking , thought to have killed 46 sailors .
Market players have been calmed by the South ’s measured response , seeing Seoul as unlikely to take aggressive moves that would escalate into armed conflict and harm the export - driven economies of North Asia , responsible for about one - sixth of the global economy .
South Korea ’s defense ministry had no comment on the report .
“ North Korean submarines are all armed with heavy torpedoes with 200 kg ( 441 lb ) warheads , ” the military source was quoted as saying by Yonhap .
“ It is the military intelligence ’s assessment that the North attacked with a heavy torpedo .
“ The military intelligence has made the report to the Blue House and to the Defense Ministry immediately after the sinking of the Cheonan that it is clearly the work of North Korea ’s military , ” the source was quoted as saying .
South Korea plans to soon raise the front half of the 1,200 - tonne Cheonan , which went down near a disputed sea border with North Korea , and will issue its verdict on the cause of the explosion that sank the warship after that .
Analysts said there is little South Korea can do even if Pyongyang is found to be the culprit , because a military response was likely to hurt its own quickly recovering economy and bolster North Korean leader Kim Jong - il ’s standing at home .
Lee ended a decade of no-questions - asked aid to the destitute North and called for a hardline push for Pyongyang to disarm .
“ The nuclear issue has still not been resolved .
This and the Cheonan incident all serve to inflict a negative impact on the Lee administration , ” said Lee Nam - young , a political analyst at the Sejong University in Seoul .
The reclusive North has denied it had anything to do with the sinking near the disputed sea border off the west coast that has been the scene of two deadly naval battles in the past decade .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
It accused Lee of using the incident for political gains ahead of crucial local elections in June .
South Korea has few economic options left to hurt the North .
It has already suspended its unconditional handouts that once were worth more than $ 1 billion to the North , which has an estimated yearly GDP of $ 17 billion .
The greatest risk to the region is a brief armed conflict where North Korea fires tens of thousands of artillery shells into the Seoul area , home to about half of the South ’s 49 million people , and fires its hundreds of missiles at major cites in the South and Japan .
Yonhap said the South Korean and U.S. military suspected the North was stepping up drills to infiltrate a submarine south of the naval border , hidden among Chinese fishing boats , and wage a surprise attack against the South .
Though he may be 40 years old now , sometimes " The Kid " needs to sleep .
Seattle Mariners star Ken Griffey Jr. missed a chance to enter an unspecified game last week as a pinch hitter because he was asleep in the clubhouse , according to a report from the Tacoma News Tribune .
When pressed following the game as to why he had not used the left - handed slugger as a pinch hitter , Mariners manager Don Wakamatsu was evasive .
But according to two unnamed younger Seattle players who are both fond of Griffey , the future Hall of Famer had fallen asleep .
" He was asleep in the clubhouse , " one player told the Tribune .
" He 'd gone back about the fifth inning to get a jacket and did n't come back .
I went back in about the seventh inning -- and he was in his chair , sound asleep . "
The second player , who is reported to know Griffey better , claims the scuffling slugger has had difficulty sleeping at home .
" He does n't sleep well at night , he 's away from his family , he 's comfortable in the clubhouse , " he told the Tribune .
" They could have awakened him . "
Griffey is batting .208 with just five RBIs for a last - place Mariners club that has struggled mightily in trying to get runs across the plate this season .
Trijnstel
talk
Note there are several polls on this page .
See also Petition to Jimbo , commons : Commons talk : Sexual content .
Proposal [ edit ]
The following request for comments is closed .
I would like to propose and give the place to the Wikimedia community to discuss about possible founder rights removal .
These rights were given to Jimmy Wales ( was there any election ? ) , the founder of Wikipedia , to act on Wikipedia as a steward forever .
Unfortunately other communities ( other than Wikipedia ) , were not informed about this fact , but Jimmy Wales behaves there like an elephant in china shop .
He does n't respect any ethical rules applied until this time by other stewards and simply disrupted and discredited Wikiversity .
And I am afraid that other projects might be possibly injured in the future , as this was not for the first time Jimbo did it ( in beginning of fall 2008 he came to English Wikiversity ( at those times elected as a steward ) and disrupted the project , which led to the exodus of people outside ) .
I would say , that such charismatic person as Jimmy Wales would not saw phrases such as „ I am currently discussing the closure of Wikiversity with the board . “ ( source : [ 1 ] )
That is what discredits Wikiversity as a project .
I think such smart guy as Jimmy Wales is , can't say such a phrase even in the case WMF would discuss about the possibility of closing the project !
The other problem blocking users ( even administrators , who have n't been noticed as a " danger " by community ) , desysopsing administrators and deleting pages without a further discussion and based on a " simple " call on his Wikipedia discussion page leads to the exodus of people from the project .
People who believed in community decision making are gone and may never come back .
They can't swallow the fact , that community decision making is changed to centralized dictatorship from day to day , by the Wikimedia movement founder , the symbol of free thinking .
So let me open this evaluation .
During the last 2 years Mr. Jimmy
Wales showed he is not able to use the rights , which community ( or someone ? ) gave to his hands .
For further reading about the current problem you can visit these pages : Talk : Wikiversity / Problems and v:en : Wikiversity : Community Review / Wikimedia Ethics : Ethical Breaching Experiments .-- Juan de Vojníkov 00:27 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
For removal [ edit ]
Against removal [ edit ]
Yeah .
Wikiversitians created Wikiversity .
Hillgentleman 11:06 , 28 May 2010 ( UTC )
Neutral [ edit ]
I am not going to vote but merely point out that there will always be the " Staff " flag , which Jimbo could fall back on and this flag is utterly necessary in many parts to the function of WMF related projects .
This seems more to be focusing on the wrong matter ; if people want a change in action then there should be civil discussion about matters and ramifications to various approaches .
A system that benefits all concerns would need to be created before there would n't be such problems on either side .
Communication is key .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 14:02 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
Well , Jimmy is not a member of staff , so I 'm not sure why he would get the staff flag ...
-- Tango 22:34 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
With his vital position regarding the WMF , I am sure there would be some kind of arrangement worked out if necessary .
After all , they created the Founder title for him last time .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 15:33 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
The staff flag does not include certain functions such as blocking and rights management that are included in the Founder flag ; placing these rights on staff members creates a undue expectation of community management from the staff .
The " Founder " rights are rightfully separate , given Jimbo 's unique role with the Foundation and its projects .
User : Bastique 23:57 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
No block function ?
That 's surprising .
Oh well , the scratch the above as being unlikely because the Staff function is even more trimmed down than I thought .
It is hard to keep up with what has which abilities anymore .
Ottava Rima ( talk ) 00:04 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC ) " They " did n't create the founder flag , that was done unilaterally by Tim Starling , if memory serves .
At the time , it was n't controversial ( at least , not significantly , I have n't checked the archives to be sure nobody complained ) .
-- Tango 23:23 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Uh , no .
I did .
The reasons are here .
DarkoNeko 20:02 , 29 March 2010 ( UTC )
This is premature .
Jimbo represents the critical interests of the WMF , and there is no adequate body or mechanism or person in place to replace him in this function .
If the community wants him to go , the community must first demonstrate that it is capable of governing itself , of coherent action , which would include negotiating any disputes with the WMF board .
It 's an error to focus on Jimbo and his errors ( from one POV ) or his trustworthiness ( from another ) .
This is n't really about Jimbo , it 's about the Wikiversity community and how it finds consensus and supports itself .
Freedom and responsibility cannot be separated .
-- Abd 23:03 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC ) Second to Abd.
Is Jimbo a sovereign ?
The definition of " sovereign " is to pass down the law , ad finitum .
Jimbo is apparently very little risk to the freedom of WMF which could not be said for this abusive dictatorial sovereign he is occasionally claimed to be .
Jimbo is a head of state of sorts and so long as he has his senses , even he should have little say in removing that .
The duties of a head of state are to review the law and to approve defense or intervtion .
I would have almost inexhaustable patience for Jimbo even if he was vandalising pages because I am appreciative of the sites .
If he wants out of it he should just have to wreck the place in a manner which can not be contained .
No rest for the wicked !
~ R.T.G 02:08 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC ) @RTG : If Wales is the head of state of Wikiversity , well , we did n't know about it before .
@ Abd :
What you said does n't reflect the true situation .
If you view Wikiversity through the lens of Wikipedia , everything will look wrong .
I can discuss it with you in another time , or you may participate actively in Wikiversity and you will see the difference .
Hillgentleman 07:59 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Wikiversity is not a state , it is just a county .
It is an autonomy , not a republic .
You tell Meta that Wikiversity is going to choose its own head of state and have the finality in all of its affairs .
I hope you can afford the redundancy for Meta and Wikimedia then because that is all they are based on .
The WV Village pump is discussing moving Wikimania to WV because it belongs there , right ?
Cya bye bye Meta . ~ R.T.G 09:29 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC ) wikimania : everyone can read here themselves what the situation really is : v: Wikiversity : Colloquium / archives / March_2010 #Migrating_the_2005 _Wikimania_proceedings , ----Erkan Yilmaz 09:40 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
The Board represents the critical interests of WMF .
When acting unilaterally without the stated support of either the board or the community , Jimbo is representing only himself .
Resolute 23:27 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
I think Drini makes a very good point up under the support section .
However , this proposal is doomed from the start .
It was brought up during some fairly major disagreements , and is unlikely to generate the consensus cooler minds would find .
I do in fact think the bigger questions of Jimbo 's continued role across Wikimedia as ' Founder ' could merit some discussion , but to do so now and under these pretenses is n't going to be productive .
^demon 11:33 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
I imagine that a decision to remove this flag would have to come from the Wikimedia Foundation itself , not from a handful of a users on Meta .
A Stop at Willoughby 19:23 , 17 April 2010 ( UTC )
Whilst there are valid grounds for removing the founder flag , a discussion - not vote - should be held after everyone cools down .
Removing the flag now would be like a punitive block , which is never the desired effect .
As it stands , I think that whilst we may be uneasy about having an imperfect godking , we also need to acknowledge that without this " benevolent dictator " role we have no anchor .
People have come and gone and Jimbo is still the public face and voice of Wikimedia .
At a turbulent time like this more than ever , overbearing leadership is better than no leadership .
I feel he has a few things to answer for but it will be beneficial to us all to delay this .
People will not forget the recent issues - our memories are too long for that - but we will be able to see them in a clearer light .
talk| {{ Sonia simpleWP }} That 's what the foundation is for .
I think that history has clearly shown that there is no such thing as a benevolent dictator .
We have a foundation for a reason .
/ Grillo 09:06 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
Before asking of removing his founder flag , you should propose to remove his sysadmin statut .
He has used it many times to remove sysop flags on Wikiversity users , and the sysadmin statut is not here for such acts .
I understand he is founder , but he should n't be sysadmin -- Quentinv57 15:57 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC ) Changed to " for removal " -- Quentinv57 10:20 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
I doubt people are talking of removing the title , but rather the administrative power coming with it .
esby 22:23 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
Thanks for having removed it -- Quentinv57 10:19 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC ) Jimbo obviously cannot follow and adhere to rules which evolved within wiki - projects independently .
Even though I am a rather experienced pl - wiki user / admin / bureaucrat , it took me a little while to learn en- wiki rules .
The problem is that Jimbo apparently does n't realize this problem and , seemingly , jumps in whenever he wants .
If he was just a regular steward , he would be removed for sure .
On the other hand , he IS the founder of the project .
We do owe and will owe him .
Thus , for now , I think I would rather wait until Jimbo decides himself that the project has grown adult and does not need parental intervention anymore ( hey Jimbo , if you 're reading this - resigning from all privileges would be the most zen and cool thing to do , people would respect you even more , not to mention the PR positive buzz it could create ) .
Pundit 07:22 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I add myself to this list because I am not well informed enough to stand on one side or the other .
After I am better appraised of the facts I will move my name to the appropriate section and explain .
My initial inclination is against removal as I can hardly imagine an action so egregious as to warrant removal .
If on the other hand such a malicious act has occurred my thoughts would be reflected in the section with those who believe removal is appropriate .
My76 Strat 12:26 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I do not agree with your assessment of Jimbo 's actions in general .
He is misguided at times , and he makes mistakes , but he is not acting maliciously or callously , as your proposal seems to imply .
At the same time , I think that the fact that he , as a mere mortal , DOES make mistakes and gets things wrong is a good argument in favor of him stepping down from his special role .
Having a benevolent dictator may well have been a necessity in the past ; these days , I 'm less sure it is .
That said , some overall guidance is not a bad thing , and the communities ( at least the one on the English Wikipedia ) are not functioning as well as they should ( or could ) ; having someone who has the power to make important decisions , rather than these decisions being left to those with the most spare time and willingness to argue endlessly until everyone else gives up in frustration , could be a good thing , too .
All in all , I 'm neutral : I am not a fan of god emperors in general , but let 's not forget that the Wikimedia projects are not a social experiment .
They only exist to facilitate the creation and dissemination of free knowledge .
-- Schnee 20:14 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I 'm far from being satisfied with mr Wales actions ( or inactions when actions are requested ) , but in the venue I mostly editing during the last half of a year , I have seen total collapse of WP guidelines and sysops who heavily used their tools out of authority and with proper violation of WP guidelines .
There , WP failed time and again to stand for what it declare it's .
So , if Jimbo goes ( even he waved any complaint and did n't do anything to make things better ) where things will go then ?
Therfore I 'm neutral .--132.74.99.84 11:50 , 27 May 2010 ( UTC )
Wait and see [ edit ]
Wales appears to have understood ( even though he has n't acknowledged it - see v:user talk : SBJohnny ) that he was rash in that he has since reversed some of his actions .
We should wait until all parties concerned have had a chance to answer all the questions ( here , e.g. those by University of Canberra [ 11 ] educator User : Leighblackall , and here ) .
Hillgentleman 05:45 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
I think it is best to have to discussion when tempers are n't frayed .
If we have it now , it 's going to be about Jimmy 's actions on Wikiversity when it should be much more general than that .
I keep a close eye on Jimmy 's activities and have seen him make lots of questionable decisions , but I do understand the merits of having some kind of safety valve .
That means that if we 're going to take these powers away from Jimmy , we need to give them to someone else ( or perhaps a small group ) .
Therefore I propose that we put this discussion on hold for a month while everyone calms down and then have a big discussion about governance .
We can't discuss Jimmy in isolation : we need to discuss the whole problem .
If we can't find an alternative to Jimmy , then Jimmy is probably better than nothing .
-- Tango 09:39 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC ) ( Thogo ) Tango :
Would a safety valve carelessly utter the words like " I am discussing the closure of wikiversity ... " ?
For safety valve , we have the foundation ( as the host ) , the office ( for legal problems ) , etc .
The problem that concerns a lot of wikiversiters at this point is where Wales stands and on what ground did he do what he did .
Was he community member ?
No , even he himself admited that .
Was he representing the foundation ?
May be , but did he get authorisation or consent before or after the event ?
Was he doing it as the " host " of the wikimedia server ?
Was he simply representing himself ?
This has to be clarified .
It may not be important to you , or to Wales , but it is important to Wikiversity , especially if we were to establish stability .
If you still do n't see why , visit Leighblackhall 's blog or check out his various comments in various places ) .
Hillgentleman 10:47 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
I 'm not saying we should n't have this discussion : I 'm saying we should n't have it now and that it needs to be a larger discussion than just a vote on Jimmy 's powers .
And it 's " Tango " , not " Thogo " .
-- Tango 12:26 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
Having visited Leigh Blackall 's blog , I note his strong support from Wikipedia Review readers , who I 'm sure will be just the people to make a fork strong and working - David Gerard 12:47 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
What a surprise - Wikipedia Reviewers supporting someone who is upset about Wales ' behaviour :-) .
But is that all ?
Mind you , Leigh Blackall is an academic who works on Eric Moller 's wikieducator , too , and so he actually does n't exactly need Wikiversity .
Hillgentleman 13:15 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
If this was strictly about the actions on Wikiversity , and on Commons , perhaps it would n't be enough .
But I 've seen this kind of " act now , debate later as it is ' reversable ' " attitude on other projects like Wikipedia and Wikibooks too .
I can't even remotely begin to describe how disruptive this is to the various communities where this has happened , and nearly every action that I 've seen like this could have gone to some sort of community discussion page to achieve the very same result .
Actions of this nature are driving significant contributors out of the projects ... contributors who in all seriousness were not sources of the problems either but for some reason chose to stand up for unilateral action without consensus and push back a little bit .
--97.117.72.210 09:54 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I think it 's not fair to " vote " here , unless Jimmy gave a comment and explanation on this .
Maybe you ( Jimmy ) should explain , how you think you are supposed to use your rights ( I mean which guidelines / policies do you think you need to follow and which not ) and how you plan to use the rights in the future .
Best regards , --თოგო ( D ) 12:55 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC ) ( this time the real one :p )
It is in the interest of Jimbo to please the community but even if there is consensus to remove the flag , the community does not have the authority to do it .
Sole Soul 13:41 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
Authority , maybe not , but we certainly have the power .
Jimmy does n't have any powers that the community is unable to reverse .
If the community choose to remove Jimmy 's powers and he decided to fight it , he would lose .
( I do n't think he would be foolish enough to fight the community if there really was a clear consensus . )
-- Tango 18:30 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
Tango , I 'm afraid you are simply mistaken about this .--22:07 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
— The preceding unsigned comment was added by Jimbo Wales ( talk ) NB :
The above post is from Jimbo .
Oh ?
And how exactly would you enforce your will against a rebellious community ?
Or are you saying I 'm mistaken about you not being foolish ?
-- Tango 22:37 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
The community has the authority to do anything .
Jimbo is given the ability to jump in , take drastic actions and cause an uproar without having to worry about possible repercussions to himself because it generally yields good results .
The community supports his " benevolent dictator " role because it is extremely helpful .
As for the specific actions taken in Wikiversity recently , the community will likely come out of it with better understanding of how to deal with certain situations , and clearer policies .
-- Yair rand 19:47 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
There seems to be a deep misunderstanding here .
The role of Wales in Wikiversity is simply a Trustee of the Wikimedia Foundation , and he has never been named as benevolent dictator .
He would n't even pretend to be one himself either since he hardly contributes or participates in the project .
Wikiversity is founded by our fellow members like Cormaggio , Sebmol and John Schmidt .
In fact , the most important thing that Wales did to Wikiversity was the decision to kick it out of Wikibooks .
Hillgentleman 20:02 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
to do it .
Sole Soul 13:41 , 25 March 2010 ( UTC )
I think you might be the one with the deep misunderstanding .
If the Wikiversity folks want to go around telling people how to undermine Wikipedia then , as Jimbo says , they can do it on someone else 's servers and someone else 's dime .
Pretty simple , really , and not actually that controversial .
JzG 13:23 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Mind you , it only takes two or three Wikipedians to throw Wikiversity into turmoil , twice .
Wikiversity undermining Wikipedia !!!
How much are you overestimating us ;-) .
Whatever - may be you have the ** reality ** , and power and glory on your side .
Hillgentleman 13:37 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Discussion [ edit ]
Founder policy , role and responsibilities [ edit ]
Where is the WMF policy , rationale and mandate that says a founder can and should bypass local policy / process ?
I 'm not seeing much at Founder .
The lack of clear WMF / meta policy about this seems to invite the kind of problem that has arisen on Wikiversity ( i.e. , strong action about controversial content by a founder on a local project without particular regard to local policy / process / community ) .
The key problematic statement in founder is :
" Its [ founder ] roles in various Wikimedia projects are not yet defined . " .
This is clearly problematic and unsufficient - and needs to be addressed for Wikiversity and other sister projects to move forward .
Greater clarity and detail is needed about the founder role / responsibility in WMF projects .
-- Jtneill - Talk 19:25 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
See also w: Founder 's syndrome Collect 20:01 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
I Second . Hillgentleman 07:22 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Jimbo's position as Founder pre-dates the WMF , which explains the lack of a mandate from them .
I do think some clear definition would be good , though .
Personally , I do n't think being founder should put someone above the community , so I think that definition should come from ( or at least be ratified ) by the community , but I accept that the WMF has the authority to decide otherwise .
-- Tango 10:24 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Yes , defining would help .
We do n't know when the next incident may be +
I guess not everybody wants again a discussion on meta about this .
----Erkan Yilmaz 13:01 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Nope .
Why open the door to Wikilawyering ?
Everybody knows who Jimbo is , what he can do , what he actually does do ( which is usually let the community decide and only very rarely push it in the right direction , as with promoting the importance of the biographies policy ) .
There is nothing to fix here , the proposals will do nothign other than give succour and false encouragement to griefers ..
JzG 13:21 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Dismissing genuine concern on community stability [ 12 ] as wikilawyering ?
This is not English Wikipedia , mind you .
All right , let 's play that English Wikipedia game .
Now which one of the following " wikilawyering " are you talking about ?
1 . Using formal legal terms in an inappropriate way when discussing Wikipedia policy ; 2 . Abiding by the letter of a policy or guideline while violating its spirit or underlying principles ; 3 . Asserting that the technical interpretation of Wikipedia : Policies and guidelines should override the underlying principles they express ; 4 . Misinterpreting policy or relying on technicalities to justify inappropriate actions .
-- Hillgentleman 13:31 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Probably the fourth one , mostly , with a little of the second and third every now and then to keep things interesting .
I 'm fairly sure JzG meant that if there were a formal definition people would wikilawyer about it , not that creating a formal definition would be wikilawyering .
-- Tango 23:26 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
Well , it seems strange to have sysop , bureaucrat , CU , steward etc. roles quite clearly described on the projects , but to have such a vague description of the founder role .
-- Jtneill - Talk 04:37 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC )
04:37 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC )
It would be better if the " founder " status was simply eliminated .
What purpose does it serve ?
Through what mechanism was it created ?
Everyking 04:46 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC )
This is not a matter to discuss here or now .
Cenarium 22:24 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC )
Where and when should it be discussed ?
-- Jtneill - Talk 22:46 , 1 April 2010 ( UTC )
Well , it was noted by several contributers that Jimmy Wales was appointed by WMF .
But I think the community have a right to say if they disagree with something as it have a right to support WMF .
Also we have a right to propose some founder policies to wmf .-- Juan de Vojníkov 22:13 , 27 April 2010 ( UTC )
Actually , Jimmy Wales was n't appointed by the WMF , it was the WMF what was appointed by Jimmy Wales .
That perhaps is part of the problem as their legitimacy comes from him , not the other way around .
Jimmy Wales serves as an unelected and self - appointed member of the WMF board of trustees due to historical reasons .
That is what is being argued here .
-- Roberth 17:15 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Contra
We do n't need a " founder policy " !
The whole wiki project would n't have grown to what it is today , if founders used to act too indiscriminately .
It 's their spiritual child and IMHO they are responsible to ensure the project remains what they intended it to be !
a x p de Hello !
08:37 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
We do n't need a " founder policy " !
The whole wiki project would n't have grown to what it is today , if founders used to act too indiscriminately .
It 's their spiritual child and IMHO they are responsible to ensure the project remains what they intended it to be !
08:37 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
The sky is falling , the sky is falling !.
BOLDness and Ignoring All Rules are as old as the Founder status itself .
Scope had crept beyond the core mission , Jimbo gave it a much needed kick back on track , the Commons community can now fix the balance of the problem itself , having been given a clear steer by Jimbo .
In other words , this is a Wikimedia project working as normal .
JzG 18:00 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
No , the policy to restrict on porn not used in any project was already being crafted as Jimbo intervened , he created havoc by deleting images used on local projects .
Such negligence is unacceptable , an affront to commons which handled the issue and a disregard to all local communities using those images .
Cenarium 13:29 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
That is just like what happened in Wikiversity two months ago , except that the impact is felt only on Wikiversity .
Hillgentleman 13:42 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Not really , because the Wikiversity community had not been able to deal with the disruption of the project ' Ethical Breaching Experiments ' , the goal of that project was to disrupt wikimedia wikis and it had been permitted to stay , Jimbo was right to shut it down .
There 's not much parallel with Commons .
Cenarium 14:05 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
No , but you are entitled to your opinion .
Hillgentleman 14:11 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC ) I completely share Cenarium 's opinion .
Wikiversity had plenty of chances to police itself and utterly failed to do so .
Jimbo's actions regarding Wikiversity were completely appropriate .
Kaldari 18:25 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
As a related development , all are welcome to participate in or comment on the Wikiversity open letter project .
Hillgentleman 14:10 , 1 April 2010 ( UTC )
Now in Commons [ edit ]
And again Mr Wales abuse of his Founder flag in a wiki where he's not admin by community consensus 190.94.66.212 21:09 , 7 May 2010 ( UTC )
Contra
No abuse observable to me a x p de Hello !
08:39 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
Clearly there is .
Those images have been deleted in total contradiction with the Commons policies ( media files legitimately used in WMF projects cannot be out of scope ) .
This user is just enforcing his own censorship rules here .
As a Commons admin I 'm really astonished by this log , I had no prior opinion about the Jimbo case but now I have a very strong one .
-- Eusebius 08:48 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
You are begging the question of whether the use is legitimate , and also ascribing malice where a simple mistake may be the better explanation .
For shame .
JzG 18:01 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
Did you see the logs ?
Do you really think wheel - warring to delete the same file ( 19th century erotic art ) three times is a simple mistake ?
Please inform yourself before you comment .
Kusma 18:39 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
Closing and next steps [ edit ]
What do people feel is a reasonable amount of time for this poll ?
If I was a steward willing to do my duty to enforce consensus , when would be an appropriate time to take action ?
-- Alecmconroy 03:04 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Maybe a day without votes ?
Right now we 're getting one every few minutes .
What happens after closure is uncharted territory .
Pohta ce-am pohtit 06:09 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I agree with Pohta , a day without votes sounds reasonable to me .
Because of the recent situation , however , new votes will be coming in rather frequently for a while yet , I would think .
Silver seren 07:20 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I guess that many projects have n't seen what happened yet .
-- Matthiasb 08:07 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC ) Obviously Commons and English Wikipedia already know about it .
Dutch / Netherlands Wikipedia knew about it as well and were going to start a proposal such as this one for their Wikipedia , but Jimbo voluntarily removed his powers there .
I 've also heard something about German Wikipedia doing something , though I do n't have much information on that .
As for the other language Wikipedias ?
I have no idea .
I have n't heard anything as of yet and it's not like I have the ability to read them to find out ( sadly ) .
Silver seren 08:22 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
The French Wikipedia was informed through their local village pump .
About 35 - 40 of them came here to vote .
Dodoïste 11:40 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
The Portuguese Wikipedia was also informed at the local village pump , and the community was asked to come here and give their opinion .
-- Darwinius 11:44 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC ) The Polish Wikipedia too : pl:MediaWiki : Watchlist - details + Announcements .
" The biggest problem of Wikimedia Projects " .
Heh :)
Przykuta 13:15 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
For myself , I 'd say give it at least a week without significant addition to the discussion or " substantial " number of additional votes .
This is a significant decision here and has long - term impacts upon not just this but all sister projects .
Indeed one of my own personal gripes about the Wikimedia " consensus " process is that some folks are too quick to act when major decisions are being made .
Waiting a few weeks or even months to resolve this issue may in fact be healthy for everybody .
Any sort of decision , based upon the sheer numbers as shown above , is going to offend some substantial block of Wikimedia users regardless of what that decision may be .
Even sheer inaction is going to get several folks upset .
Please , do n't be so quick to force a decision here , and as has been suggested that it needs to work its way through the rest of the Wikimedia projects and the larger community .
--97.117.72.210 10:02 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Polls on meta take longer to wait for cross - wiki contributions , and last for at least two weeks .
This poll has lasted for over two months .
Hillgentleman 10:07 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
but it got its main momentum just after jimbos one - man - on - a- mission - cleanup so we should at least wait 1 or 2 weeks after that incident -- 178.25.53.197 13:40 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
New founder flag permissions [ edit ]
The founder flag permissions have been changed to include only ' viewing ' rights .
( this change was done incompletely at first , but as of 1900 UTC it was done properly . )
Re : globalgrouppermissions [ edit ]
What is the point of removing most of his priviledges now if he can give it back to himself any time ?
Hillgentleman 10:07 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Indeed .
As long as he can re-grant himself access , the removal of some rights from the Founder group does not change the problem that he has technical access to full rights on all wikis .
Kusma 10:15 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Would n't it be possible to cool down a bit and to continue an objective talk later this afternoon or tomorrow ?
Regards , - jkb - 10:18 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
This poll has been on for two months and you are calling for cool ?
If a simple , straightforward and reasonable question does n't look cool to you then it is time for you to cool down a bit and continue an objective talk later this week .
Best , Hillgentleman 10:25 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
But we 've only just started getting all of the torches and pitchforks from the basement !
On a more serious note , Jimbo was asked this question on the Foundation mailing list after he said he'd be back tomorrow .
So I hope we 'll see tomorrow whether he actually intends to give up rights .
Kusma 10:29 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
This was resolved later , and he did .
SJ +
The problem is still pending .
The request is about removing the founder flag , not only some powers linked to this group .
And there are still less than 24 % contributors to support Mr Wales remaining in this status , while more than 76 % have expressed the need of his removal .
Hégésippe | ± Θ± 11:14 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Mr Wales : “ I 've just now removed virtually all permissions to actually do things from the " Founder " flag .
I even removed my ability to edit semi-protected pages !
( I 've kept permissions related to ' viewing ' things . ) ”
If he has really done what he says , where is the log of it ?
Or does it mean that ' virtually ' is only a clue for his intentions ?
Hégésippe | ± Θ± 12:12 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
What he said has been done .
( He did n't do it properly the first time ; a steward helped a few hours ago ) .
See the infobox at the top of the page .
SJ +
earlier discussion ( after the incomplete removal ) :
No no ..
He still has access to every single tool he had yesterday .
He pretended to deprive himself of those powers , but kept a " power " that gives him the power to give himself whatever power he wants .
IE NO RENOUNCED POWERS YET , just a nice show .
-- Alecmconroy 13:37 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
According to this log entry ,
It becomes obvious that holding globalgrouppermissions is intentional .
And Jimbo has sysadmin flag also .
So regardless of founder flag , he will still have the right by using sysadmin flag .
– Kwj2772 ( msg ) 14:28 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
He requested that his sysadmin flag be removed , and it was .
See [ 13 ] .
In addition any special bits that go with the founder flag that are not related to viewing have also been removed ; check [ 14 ] and [ 15 ] .
So this is not instantly revertable or what have you .
Hope that 's clear .
-- ArielGlenn 23:09 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
People need clarification , though : if he asks the devs to reinstate the rights ( from a shell or otherwise ) will you do that , or would you be reluctant to until a public discussion has been held on meta ?
193.109.254.19 15:25 , 12 May 2010 ( UTC )
A steward or someone in the wmf can do it , and if that happens the steward ( perhaps Cary Bass ) should say no and instead do the job for him .
Devs access the database directly , perhaps without public logs , and that is a bad idea .
Hillgentleman 16:34 , 12 May 2010 ( UTC )
I know not everyone will feel as strongly about this as I do , but here goes .
Given the overwhelming consensus against Jimbo , I find it difficult to imagine myself continuing with the foundation .
Wikimedia is the greatest thing on the internet , but if Jimbo somehow keeps control of the projects , I can't imagine continuing here at WMF .
Many of you may feel similarly .
Perhaps expressing this sentiment will help the foundation understand the gravity of this issue .
Perhaps expressing this view will prevent such a boycott for ever becoming necessary in the first place .
See Boycott Wikimedia .
-- Alecmconroy 13:12 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
This is a wrong idea .
The best place to fight autocratism is inside .
Hégésippe | ± Θ± 13:18 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC ) I 'm staying to fight .
I 'm just saying -- if autocratism ultimately wins , I 'm outta here .
-- Alecmconroy 13:22 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Fully agreeing with Hégésippe Cormier , a boycott will only make things worse .
That 's the same as resigning from position , if you resign of your power , that means you cannot use it anymore possibly to go in the appropriate direction , supposed there is one to be decided .
That 's letting the path free for those who do n't agree with you esby 14:00 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
At least wait a little bit to see how the community feels about this issue , and try to see what is going to happen first .
I know there are some hurt feelings here , but the issue has n't been completely resolved yet and there still is more to be done even if this motion to remove the " founder flag " fails .
For myself , rather than a pointless boycott , a forking of some or all of the Wikimedia projects may be more in order and setting up a separate non-Jimbo influenced foundation to help with maintaining those forked projects .
That at least is a pro-active response to the situation that can have a real impact .
Mind you , I 'm not even suggesting that a fork is necessary at this time , but that would at least do something to keep a community together and bring in perhaps many of those who have been alienated by some of these disruptive actions to get something positive out of the whole mess as well .
A successful fork is something that would likely get the attention of the WMF board of trustees too , even if it is likely Larry Sanger would pour gasoline on the whole thing as well saying " see , I told you so " .
-- Roberth 16:35 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I 'd like to believe that breaking even further an already - fractious community is a Pyrrhic victory in itself .
Competing projects , even without Jimbo's influence , only serve to undermine whatever base the projects have , especially when we have people defecting in droves .
While that may be the intention of some here to catch the Foundation 's attention , it has the potential of damaging not only the reputation of the WMF and the projects , but of the community as a whole , and we cannot afford anymore negative publicity .
In any instance , some effort must be made to salvage whatever reputation all the stakeholders here have left , and not go gallivanting around and making hasty decisions which could have a potentially very damaging outcome .
Boycotts and project forks are far from what I call productive for either side .
-- Sky Harbor ( talk ) 17:20 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
I think we can afford bad publicity much better than we can afford panic reactions in anticipation of possible bad publicity .
That Jimbo apparently thought about PR is what led us into this mess ; we should be working to create encyclopedias and other research and education tools , not worry about the press .
Kusma 17:39 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
Internet libertarians of course understand far more about encyclopedias than the press .
Peter Damian 17:42 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
Are you honestly saying Fox News could write an encyclopedia ? :P 193.109.254.19 15:16 , 12 May 2010 ( UTC )
Other proposals [ edit ]
Compromise Proposal [ edit ]
As a possible solution within wikilaw and wikiprecedent , I suggest the following :
Jimmy Wales should make a similar statement regarding Wikiversity as he has done regarding English Wikipedia , to wit :
" Upon my own private reflection , I have decided to simply give up the use of the block tool permanently .
I do n't need it , it is n't important , and it is too widely viewed as a " nuclear option " .
I simply can't use the block tool normally , because people over - interpret it .
No problem , I just wo n't use it at all . "
This cannot reasonably be deemed a fantastical troll idea , as it merely re-iterates what has been done before on the most prominent project .
And in his own words , for a rationale :
" I have rarely done routine blocks of that type , and there are always more people around .
It 's not hard to find an admin if something needs doing quickly . "
Again , it can hardly be unreasonable to ask what he has himself declared .
Moreover , this was in a context of a similar dispute over abuse of power , and such a result has been officially accepted
" The Committee acknowledges ... ( ii ) Jimbo Wales ' permanent abdication of the use of the blocking tool . "
This would preserve the legitimate use of such powers for emergency cases , while acknowledging that they should not be invoked for arbitrary and capricious reasons .
-- Seth Finkelstein 00:59 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
Your proposal only lacks a demand that Mike Godwin resign - David Gerard 01:24 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC ) Restoring comment ; please do n't remove it again .
Seth , the general applicability of " assume good faith " fails in your case due to your past attempts at trolling for material for your Guardian column .
Including attempted deliberate libel that took a strongly - worded letter to your editor to avert .
Any suggestions you make about Wikimedia cannot be taken in good faith , and casual readers need warning about you - David Gerard 10:16 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
This is the second time I 've had to restore the above .
Seth really does n't want you to see what he 's here for .
Removing others ' comments you do n't like is exceedingly obnoxious ; stop doing it , Seth .
It 's not like your behaviour is n't on the public record .
- David Gerard 11:37 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC ) No David , I want you to stop trolling via turning this page into a personal attack .
Now you 're using the I 'm - being - censored troll cry .
Sigh .
Sorry to put readers through this , but :
The events you describe above are completely false .
The editor basically told you to bugger off , and your bluster in fact made publication more likely .
The other person eventually convinced me by making a rational case .
Dragging it out further will only hurt a third - party , but you obviously are willing to do that , while I am trying not to - and that should make it clear which of us is in the right ( and , frankly , why are you giving me such a hard time , when the contentious material was eventually published by another journalist , who , note , you did not sue for libel ? ) -- Seth Finkelstein 11:54 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
Finkelstein , Gerard may be ad hominem , but everybody has his right to speak .
Hillgentleman 11:40 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
OK , he wins - he gets to turn this page into personal attacks , and so hijack the discussion .
I tried to avoid that , but it did n't work :-( -- Seth Finkelstein 11:54 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
Seth , your " substantive " arguments are in fact complete bunkum .
Jimbo's actions on Wikiversity were not routine , but were specifically * designed * to be interpreted as emergency measures and a " nuclear option " .
And thus your whole slew of " remedies " fall like a house of cards .
( Reserving judgment on how surgical they were in scope . ) -- Cimon Avaro 02:50 , 8 April 2010 ( UTC )
Seriously - what was the emergency ?
I just do n't see it .
Indeed , recent analysis seems to suggest that Jimbo was successfully trolled , which is quite bad .
I believe there is much merit to the argument that someone needs to be able to take emergency measures .
However , best practices then indicate there should be a " separation of powers " , and so that person should not be involved in routine disputes .
Otherwise , they 're tempted to use their god - power to avoid losing face or admitting they 've made a mistake , which looks to have been the classic situation here .
Note this last is not a personal criticism of Jimbo , but it 's just human nature .
Thus , their actions should be restricted to " clear and present danger " ( and again , let 's be realistic , I can not see the disputed pages as being any such thing ) .
-- Seth Finkelstein 04:20 , 9 April 2010 ( UTC )
The emergency was not " the disputed pages " .
It was the entrenched culture within the English Wikiversity ( and let us not lose sight of the fact we are only talking about the English here ) that was not only enabling but in some respects fostering teh inclusiveness of trolling behaviour within their " big tent " ; the scale of the emergency can be clearly be seen from the fact that such behaviour got support from a level which in any other project would as a default have applauded Jimbo wading in to scoop out the muck .
This is systemic malaise within the project , not an isolated trolling project we are talking about , let us be crystal clear about that .
And I decline to comment on your blatherings about how the wikimedia community should be run .
Amusing how you claim we should listen to your advice while you are not a member of the community , but think Wikiversity England should run its own affairs without outside interference .
Could you take your own advice and just butt out ?
-- Cimon Avaro 14:27 , 9 April 2010 ( UTC )
I do not see where " the entrenched culture " can be termed an " emergency " in any reasonable sense of the word .
One can always use a meaningless definition , but that leads to meaningless results .
Note , on culture , in general giving people a fresh start , and being willing to talk through any problems strikes me as laudable , not malaise .
Moreover , again , consider the negative aspects of the apparent manipulation of Jimbo which took place here .
Now , I carefully considered what might be termed in - group / out - group issues before posting .
But pointing out how a similar situation was handled elsewhere looked to be defensible against the inevitable ad hominem .
Perhaps it was n't , because I underestimated the overall effects , and it certainly has n't been pleasant on a personal level , but , well , let me just say that it seemed like a good idea at the time .
-- Seth Finkelstein 15:19 , 9 April 2010 ( UTC )
For [ edit ]
Support -
That would also work .
We want Jimbo Wales to contribute to Wikiversity , but we do n't want a dictator .
Hillgentleman 19:37 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
Yes , as per a recent paper published by the journal First Monday , Identifying and Understanding the Problem of Wikipedia 's Peer Governance : the case of Inclusionists vs Deletionists - where it concludes that the problem is deletionism , I would also like to see Jimbo become involved in the Wikiversity project without deleting or blocking anything , but by turning situations into teachable , learnable , researchable moments ( ie edit and discuss ) .
I think Seth 's proposal and Hillgentleman 's support comment are good proposals and I hope Jimbo ( a potentially very valuable contributor ) will accept .
-- Leighblackall 21:35 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
- where it concludes that the problem is deletionism , I would also like to see Jimbo become involved in the Wikiversity project without deleting or blocking anything , but by turning situations into teachable , learnable , researchable moments ( ie edit and discuss ) .
I think Seth 's proposal and Hillgentleman 's support comment are good proposals and I hope Jimbo ( a potentially very valuable contributor ) will accept .
-- Leighblackall 21:35 , 26 March 2010 ( UTC )
Pro would be great and I think Jimmy Wales ' activity in regards to learning resources / policy / helping newcomers /... would be influential .
I wonder which learning resource he could boost with his interest ?
----Erkan Yilmaz 13:01 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
would be great and I think Jimmy Wales ' activity in regards to learning resources / policy / helping newcomers /... would be influential .
I wonder which learning resource he could boost with his interest ?
----Erkan Yilmaz 13:01 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC ) Everyking 04:42 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC )
Note to the folks abovesigned : Does anyone of you realize that not only is Seth just trolling , but his suggestions would explicitly have allowed Jimbo to excercise the actions he in fact recently did ?
Do not let his rhetoric fool you to thinking that what Jimbo did recently was a routine action of the kind which Seth " merely " wants to exclude from Jimbo .
And as the actions that are the proximate cause of all this fuss would still be explicitly permissible for Jimbo even after " agreeing " to Seth 's " compromise " , the only effect of it would be to humiliate Jimbo without actually stripping him of any power whatsoever .
If actually Jimbo had done the things that Seth 's actual suggestion would * pretend * to proscribe from him , the whole wikimedia universe would pretty likely be screaming for his head at this point , so the only reason for Jimbo to say anything like that publicly would only serve as a form of humiliation excercise , and formally Jimbo could still do tomorrow what he did just recently , and be formally within his customary rights .
-- Cimon Avaro 14:45 , 9 April 2010 ( UTC )
Against [ edit ]
No compromise is needed .
There is nothing to fix .
JzG 13:19 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
^^^ PeterSymonds 13:58 , 27 March 2010 ( UTC )
No , not only the abdication ( nice ArbCom rhetoric ) of the blocking tool was of Jimbo's own volition , not a constrained action ( which seems to be the intention here ) , and Wikiversity demonstrated they were not able to deal with disruptive users , so badly needed Jimbo 's intervention and may need it again in the future ( that is , if not closed ) .
Cenarium 22:23 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC )
of the blocking tool was of Jimbo's own volition , not a constrained action ( which seems to be the intention here ) , and Wikiversity demonstrated they were not able to deal with disruptive users , so badly needed Jimbo 's intervention and may need it again in the future ( that is , if not closed ) .
Cenarium 22:23 , 28 March 2010 ( UTC ) ~ R.T.G 15:25 , 29 March 2010 ( UTC )
15:25 , 29 March 2010 ( UTC ) Unnecessary .
Adambro 09:38 , 31 March 2010 ( UTC )
As noted , there 's nothing in need of repair here .
Gavia immer 01:32 , 2 April 2010 ( UTC )
^ Tiptoety talk 06:27 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
06:27 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
There is nothing to fix .
-- Cinik 08:58 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
No compromise is necessary .
The co-founder must let the projects live their own lives .
Hégésippe | ± Θ± 10:25 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
No need .
Xic667 13:20 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
No compromise should happen .
He needs to apologize and take the title of founder as purely an honorific and nothing more .
-- Roberth 14:30 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
There is indeed nothing to fix .
Jim Wales is Wikipedia , a first among equals if you will .
Although he is still wrong in some of his mobocracy notions .
:P ṬK-CP / Talk 21:45 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC )
Although he is still wrong in some of his mobocracy notions .
:P 21:45 , 8 May 2010 ( UTC ) Jimmy Wales has a poor track record of keeping his word , written or otherwise .
He also has a history of preaching love and trust while practicing intimidation and manipulation .
If such were not the case , then I 'd gladly support this reasonable and fair proposal .
-- R.D.H. ( Ghost In The Machine ) 04:51 , 9 May 2010 ( UTC )
For future reference [ edit ]
Even with or without the best of intentions everyone makes mistakes and there oughts to be checks and balances to minimise the damage and put the projects back on course .
I really want to treat Wales like any other contributor but it is plain it is impossible .
It is not the first time J. Wales has been told that he has overstepped the line of respect and it is a waste of community resource to reopen an ad hoc RFC or poll every time he does that .
Whether or not Wales ever get to keep his bit , or remains to be called " ( co ) Founder " as an honorific , I think it would be beneficial to have something more permenant than ad - hoc RFCs .
At the very least the founder priviledges should not be used until the role of the so - called founder has been clarified .
We may also have some page with a funny name like Wales watching or simply keep this page open and unarchived to serve as a future reminder .
Hillgentleman 01:22 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
There is now only one special privilege that is n't simply a privilege to comprehensively view the database , and that is suppressrevision ; that could not be withdrawn without withdrawing the privilege to view suppressed revisions .
It 's a bug of a kind and there appears to be an intent to fix it .
It would dot the it and cross the t if Jimbo would simply say that he wo n't use it except to view .
As to viewing content , the Founder privileges that remain , I , for one , would be very uncomfortable with attempts to remove that from him , without evidence of serious abuse .
Nothing here has risen to that level , i.e. , betraying the trust involved in being able to see deleted or suppressed content .
It 's time to take off the battle dress , and be grateful that this particular affair is done .
This RfC should be closed , promptly , it accomplished its mission , spectacularly , confirming my long - term faith in Jimbo .
By the way , what about granting those privileges to Larry Sanger , also ?
Ah , so many questions , so little time .
-- Abd 01:58 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC ) Larry Sanger was recently discussed on en: WP : AN for banning purposes , so no , that would not be a good idea .
85.204.164.26 05:45 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
The idea of banning Mr. Sanger was roundly rejected at en.wiki , and who is this IP ?
If people do n't want to consider granting Founder flags to Mr. Sanger , fine , but I dislike it being rejected for silly reasons .
-- Abd 00:22 , 11 May 2010 ( UTC )
A word of thanks to Jimbo [ edit ]
Despite the fallout from Jimbo's recent error on Commons and other past conflicts , I think he has shown tremendous maturity today - and faith in the community - in limiting his own technical privileges .
I hope he will remain an active and respected participant in the communities in which he is a member , and that others will help me to thank him for this thoughtful decision .
Dcoetzee 01:43 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
I agree .
( The message box at the top detailing his current rights changes like ever hour or so , but I assume this is happening only for technical reasons , rather than changes in determination . )
Pohta ce-am pohtit 02:20 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
I concur with the above , with the belief that this crisis is finally over .
I also want to express my gratitude for Jimbo 's dignity in self - removing the contested rights , so that discussion can now develop in more productive fields , as is already happening at Commons .
-- Darwinius 02:37 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
I concur .
The outcome of this petition and RfC looks very satisfying to me , and I 'm glad Mr Wales understood our position and waived some of his administrative tools .
I hope he 'll continue to serve the projects by representing them , even though I certainly do n't agree with everything he does or says .
If someone used to Meta procedures could put some kind of " closed poll " box around the votes , it would now be great .
-- Eusebius 06:09 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
Kudos - Jimbo showed that he not only cares for , but also highly respects the community .
Pundit 09:26 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
I would like to thank Jimbo for taking the time to join us for our meet up in the UK yesterday .
In the discussion , he showed great humility , respect for the members of our community , and open - mindedness .
I suspect many of Jimbo 's critics have not met the man .
Stephen B Streater 15:29 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC ) Seconded .
I was there also and he took a lot of time to explain his position on this difficult issue .
Peter Damian 17:43 , 10 May 2010 ( UTC )
I add my thanks and appreciation for Jimbo's hard choice .
Anybody can make mistakes , and people on both sides of this issue acted out of turn , but it says a lot about Jimbo that he took responsibility and admitted his limitations .
Lusanaherandraton 12:13 , 11 May 2010 ( UTC )
Generally agree .
While perhaps he suffered a lapse of judgment in regards to some of these actions , at the very least he should realize that the community can take care of itself now .
His little baby has grown up and is doing fine without him .
I admire Jimmy Wales so far as he took a risk to get Wikipedia going in the first place ( both fiscally and in terms of time spent on the idea ) and on the whole he is an excellent spokesman for all of the Wikimedia projects .
I know his heart is in the right place and generally does more good than harm .
Certainly I do n't have any hard feelings against him other than to encourage him to work with the community than against it .
-- Roberth 13:28 , 11 May 2010 ( UTC )
For dropping this very civil hint of closure [ 16 ] when Wikiversity participants and custodians did n't want to follow your lead .
But commons , of course , is another story .
Hillgentleman 14:53 , 11 May 2010 ( UTC )
Media calling for Jim Wales to step down [ edit ]
Blankenhorn , Dana .
Long past time for Wikimedia to grow up Zdent . ( May 12 , 2010 ) .
" Despite its enormous reach , Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation have generally been run out of Jimmy Wales ’ back pocket .
They ’re not really institutions , and they ’re not an entrepreneurial company .
They ’re Jimmy ’s thing ...
That ’s unhealthy ....
Whatever you think of Fox ’ or Sanger ’s actions , the important lesson here is that Wikimedia is threatened from all sides by virtue of its size and reach .
It ’s too big to be run out of Jimmy ’s back pocket any more .
[ Wikipedia ] needs to become a real institution , one with the knowledge and heft to pick its battles carefully ...
It ’s obvious that , despite the color of the Wikimedia Foundation , policies are still created ad hoc and it is this which has to change . "
Okip 17:24 , 12 May 2010 ( UTC )
I am not surprised some media seeks to rein in JW .
That same media often " runs out of the back pocket " of certain special interests .
Hence the need to rein in JW to clear the field for that media 's POV .
I know JW will do the right thing and not cave to the special interests .
--LegitimateAndEvenCompelling 06:07 , 27 May 2010 ( UTC )
So , instead , we should allow Jimbo Wales to cave to Fox News , who is notable for regularly " running out of the back pocket of certain special interests " , and institute massive disruption by ... um .... doing the wrong thing and caving to the special interests of Fox News ?
Adam Cuerden 18:01 , 29 May 2010 ( UTC )
The issues arose from Wikiversity - not from Fox , and has little to do with porn etc . but rather has to do with what was seen as arbitrary and capricious uses of power ( including a very ill - considered post about closing WV down entirely ) .
As far as I can tell , the consensus here is that the " Founder " tag ceases to be properly in use , with or without any powers attached to it at all .
Collect 16:41 , 30 May 2010 ( UTC )
The new plan for NASA human spaceflight is designed to test the technologies and techniques needed for spaceflight beyond Earth orbit , just as Gemini did in the 1960s as a precursor to Apollo .
( credit : NASA )
The new paradigm : Gemini on steroids
Given the current political climate in Washington , the amount of misinformation being circulated about the Obama Administration ’s new vision for NASA and , specifically , its new program of exploration is hardly surprising .
Pundits and so - called experts have been wildly speculating about the ( largely negative , it seems ) ramifications of the new program , despite the fact that the six tiger teams charged with studying specific aspects of it and making recommendations that will flesh out the bare bones thus far announced will not be ready with their reports until at least June .
Apollo was possible due only to a unique convergence of political will and technological innovation .
It is time to use a different paradigm that is better suited to today ’s reality .
On several occasions , I have heard those with dissenting opinions — a list that includes everyone from academics to Congressmen — lament the lack of destinations and schedules .
Some have even taken the paucity of detail thus far available to indicate that there is no destination and that the human spaceflight program has been abandoned .
To them , I would say : Mars has always been the stated ultimate destination for humans ; the details of sequence and schedules for intermediate destinations need not be stated immediately to make sense of the investments proposed by President Obama ’s plans , but are being assessed ; and even if the human exploration program were being cancelled ( which it most certainly is not ) , Americans would still be going to the ISS .
Therefore , just because one chooses to ignore the framework that has been publicized does not mean said framework does not exist .
Others have expressed the concern that lack of a rigid schedule of destinations and timelines will mean that exploration will take place haphazardly , without an overlying strategy that would maintain political , economic , and public support .
To them , I would say : we are no longer living in the Apollo era .
NASA Deputy Administrator Lori Garver was quite correct when she recently pointed out that NASA has been trying and failing to duplicate the goal - time paradigm of program management in human spaceflight for the last 40 years and that Apollo was possible due only to a unique convergence of political will and technological innovation .
It is time to use a different paradigm that is better suited to today ’s reality .
When specifying program requirements , there are three factors that dictate the form the program will take : goal , time , and cost .
Attempting to control all three of these factors when setting program requirements is a recipe for failure .
One reason President Kennedy ’s 1961 declaration — “ that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal , before this decade is out , of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth ” — is considered to have been a model for setting program requirements is because he only specified two factors : time and goal .
Since cost was left uncontrolled — and the political will to maintain the high cost of such an ambitious program was sustained for the duration of the stated timeframe — the goal was successfully met .
This paradigm is unlikely to lead to sustainable programs in the present climate of political disunity and economic uncertainty .
The fact is , that although President Kennedy ’s vision was realized , at the time he proposed it the United States had a total of 15 minutes and 22 seconds of manned spaceflight experience .
The timeframe he indicated was meant to instill the sense of urgency the program needed to surpass the Soviet Union ’s technical superiority in heavy lift and experiential superiority in manned spaceflight and was , therefore , largely an informed political gambit .
NASA ’s response to President Kennedy ’s challenge was to devise the Gemini Project and retool Project Apollo .
These projects were designed to acquire the capabilities — technical , managerial , and experiential — needed to fulfill the stated goal of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth .
Before determining the shape the project missions might take , NASA had to first decide which capabilities would be required .
Acquiring these capabilities drove the mission requirements for the Gemini Project in particular .
It is this project that tested the techniques and technologies that NASA had to master before the final proving of the Apollo architecture .
Some examples include : the achievement of mission durations of at least eight days , the minimum needed to go to the Moon , study it , and return ; the ability to rendezvous and dock while in orbit ; and the development and testing of spacesuits so astronauts could explore the lunar surface upon arrival .
The systematized methodology employed in Project Gemini , and later in Apollo , ensured that all needed capabilities had been acquired in early missions before later missions were attempted .
It is this milestone - driven schedule that I believe NASA is proposing for the new exploration program .
The new exploration program will be more akin to “ Gemini on Steroids ” , advancing the technology and techniques necessary to achieve the goal of sustainable human exploration through development of the infrastructure that will take humans to Mars and beyond .
What sets the new exploration program apart from Project Gemini is the variety of destinations available to act as proving grounds for acquiring the capabilities necessary for an eventual mission to Mars .
For example , in situ resource utilization techniques could be tested on near Earth objects as well as on the Moon or even on Mars ’ moons , Phobos and Deimos .
This plethora of possible testbeds not only makes the missions more dynamic , but also increases the potential for public engagement through the exploration of new destinations .
Also unlike Project Gemini , a system has been established by which potential methods of acquiring the needed capabilities are identified and funded at increasing levels as their efficacy is demonstrated .
This multi-tiered system of innovation nourishment will allow the organic development of technology rather than the top - down dictation of requirements that NASA has adopted in the past and will produce more innovative options at less expense .
This new paradigm consists of : milestone - driven program requirements ; missions whose goals are determined by the program requirements and whose variable destinations are chosen based on their compatibility with mission requirements ; and use of technology that has been nourished in NASA ’s refreshed innovation engine according to program - driven needs .
This paradigm has been created to meet the strategic goal of reaching , exploring , and inhabiting multiple destinations in our solar system and will increase the sustainability of US - led human exploration .
The Constellation Program has been called “ Apollo on Steroids ” because it updated Apollo - era architectural concepts and destinations while retaining politically driven goal - setting techniques .
Because it tried to control goal , time , and cost , Constellation lacked innovation and sustainability .
The new exploration program will be more akin to “ Gemini on Steroids ” , advancing the technology and techniques necessary to achieve the goal of sustainable human exploration through development of the infrastructure that will take humans to Mars and beyond .
Home
With the wearing of bling comes great responsibility – and when it comes to the provenance of gems , it 's an ethical minefield
Responsible bling is all about provenance .
With the wearing of jewellery comes great responsibility .
What has the famously secretive industry done to help you make the right choices ?
Well , many dealers and retailers now abide by the Kimberley Process code .
This supposedly protects you from unwittingly wearing conflict or blood stones .
Earlier this year the code banned the sale of diamonds from Zimbabwe 's Marange mines due to dreadful conditions and number of fatalities .
Burmese rubies are also banned via international sanctions , but jewellers tell me they still see them all the time .
" Ethical " diamonds tend to come from countries like Canada or Australia .
If you 've got deep pockets you can cover yourself in pink " ethical " diamonds from the Australian Rio Tinto Argyle mines .
Gold is no shining ethical example either .
Its production is synonymous with intense poverty and ecological destruction ( mining uses huge quantities of cyanide ) .
New Fairtrade and Fairmined gold standards guarantee the 100 million informal miners on small - scale mines a proper price and set an ecological standard .
Progressive jewellers are ahead of the game .
Fairtrade jewellers made.uk.com recycles glass and tin in Kenyan workshops and uncommonlybeautiful.com raises reclaimed plastic to the status of a precious metal .
Who says diamonds are forever ?
If you have any ethical questions , email lucy.siegle@observer.co.uk
Incorrect Address
I 'm sorry , unfortunately the page or file you were looking for could not be found .
It is possible that the page you were looking for could have been moved or replaced .
It 's also possible that your visiting of this page is totally my fault .
I mean , it 's not likely , cause I 'm like a Goddess of the Internets or something and my code NEVER has errors in it ... ever ever ...*.
Please navigate through the site and attempt to find what you were looking for , and if you are unable to find it , inquire with the webmaster as to what may have occurred , at tanime [ at ] tanime [ dot ] net .
My apologies for the inconvenience .
* - I 'm being facetious .
MORRISON , Wis. 
All it took was an early thaw for the drinking water here to become unsafe .
There are 41,000 dairy cows in Brown County , which includes Morrison , and they produce more than 260 million gallons of manure each year , much of which is spread on nearby grain fields .
Other farmers receive fees to cover their land with slaughterhouse waste and treated sewage .
In measured amounts , that waste acts as fertilizer .
But if the amounts are excessive , bacteria and chemicals can flow into the ground and contaminate residents ’ tap water .
In Morrison , more than 100 wells were polluted by agricultural runoff within a few months , according to local officials .
As parasites and bacteria seeped into drinking water , residents suffered from chronic diarrhea , stomach illnesses and severe ear infections .
“ Sometimes it smells like a barn coming out of the faucet , ” said Lisa Barnard , who lives a few towns over , and just 15 miles from the city of Green Bay .
I was recently reading my favorite gossip site and saw a post about a gorgeous plus - sized model .
You do n't have to worship at the altar of size acceptance to acknowledge that this is a beautiful woman .
She 's a model !
Advertisement
The model , Tara Lynn , has unfairly beautiful skin , hair , cheekbones , lips , and so on .
She looks like the second coming of Brooke Shields in the Calvin Klein days .
This model happens to weigh more than some people and most models but that 's pretty irrelevant to the fact that she gets paid to look good .
Of course , the comments on the post ranged from reverential to positive to lukewarm and then the inevitable " OMG I would be so unhappy to have a body like hers " or " I 'd rather be ugly than fat " and of course , " The only reason people find her attractive is because they 're fat like she is . "
Advertisement
In some ways I think this sort of hating is a good thing , because all the women in the land , tall , short , thin , fat , ugly and pretty need to just get used to the fact that there are a selection of women out there who get paid for how they look while the rest of us never will .
Beauty at every size is a good philosophy but I like to think of it more as " unfairness at every size . "
The typical model frame does n't represent most females but aside from the body , the typical model face also does n't represent most women .
Hell , sometimes the typical model face does n't even represent most models : we 've all seen those who tried to smize and failed .
I happen to be thinner than this particular model .
But I am also shorter , wrinklier , dimplier and not as striking .
Am I going to rail about how it 's unfair that the big girls are setting a beauty standard that 's " dangerous , " one that we should n't have to feel pressure to adhere to ?
( Sound familiar ? )
No , I 'm going to keep trying to make the most of what I 've got and continue with my life .
I can't beat them or join them but I can just enjoy looking at the pretty pictures and know that while it might be unfair that I 'm not so beautiful that I can profit from it , I have a lot of other things going for me .
My philosophy is , big or small , it 's model 's job to be beautiful , and those of us who are not models need to embrace the fact , not cry over it , that we are not held to those same standards .
We 're not models !
We 're everything else .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I guess a mean part of me could say , " Well , now it 's the skinny girls ' turn get to be mad that somebody who has a different body type from them is considered beautiful by the fashion industry , " but it would benefit us just to move past it .
" Big vs. small , " " real vs. fake , " a visual read on " healthy vs. unhealthy " is so tedious , ladies .
This is why we are so underrepresented when it comes to power in this country , because we waste so much time debating what is really beautiful and really real and really healthy and so on .
Do you think men sit around talking about this stuff ?
A woman in a magazine whose body resembles or does n't resemble yours is not going to suddenly make you more beautiful by extension .
Do n't get me wrong : I think a wider physical variety of women in fashion is great but it's not as if they 're going to start picking women off the bus stops and putting us , warts and all , in the pages of the magazines .
The women in the magazines will always be something to aspire to , because that 's what they 're all about .
It 's not as if suddenly you 're going to look at Vogue , see a woman who looks just like you and realize that Anna Wintour and Karl Lagerfeld think you 're gorgeous and you finally can feel like your existence is worthwhile and all the good things you deserve for being Officially Beautiful will fall into your lap .
Advertisement
If we can all just agree that big or small , some women got dealt the good genetic hand and benefit from it and that it 's not fair but that 's OK , we can free up our brains for so much more useful stuff .
Like , where can I find a pair of jeans that make my ass look that good ?
This post originally appeared on Zulkey.com .
Republished with permission .
Want to see your work here ?
Email us !
Email the author of this post at clairezulkey@zulkey.com .
Hundreds of children in Turkey 's Kurdish south - east have been jailed for taking part in anti-government protests , and are treated no differently from adults .
Image caption Berivan Sayaca , 15 , is held at a high - security prison in Diyarbakir
Berivan Sayaca is an attractive , 15 - year - old Kurdish girl with black , wavy hair who loves horse - riding and playing the guitar .
She is also a convicted terrorist - serving an eight - year sentence in the high - security prison in Diyarbakir , the largest Kurdish city in Turkey .
How she got there is a tale that could be straight out of Kafka , that exposes one of modern Turkey 's darkest sides .
The Turkish armed forces have been fighting insurgents of the PKK , or Kurdish Workers Party , for more than a quarter of a century .
The PKK is considered a terrorist group , not just by Turkey but by the US and the EU .
More than 40,000 people are believed to have died in the conflict , on both sides .
At the height of the conflict , in the early 1990s , hundreds of Kurdish villages were destroyed by the Turkish army .
The inhabitants of those villages , and other displaced by the conflict , moved to places like Batman , a bleak city of dull concrete apartment blocks , surrounded by the featureless fields of the eastern Anatolian plateau .
Berivan Sayaca 's family moved there in the late 1980s .
But her father then moved the family to Istanbul in search of work .
He worked as a construction labourer .
Image caption Mariam Sayaca travels every week to see her daughter in prison
Berivan Sayaca had to leave school and go to work in a factory at the age of 10 .
The family went back to Batman to stay with relatives last October .
On Friday 9 October , 2009 , she went out to visit her aunt .
She never came back .
Adult prison
The next the family heard was that she had been arrested by the police for taking part in a demonstration .
These occur frequently in the overcrowded cities of the south - east .
Hostility towards the Turkish state runs very high in Kurdish communities , and people of all ages come out to protest , often throwing stones , and occasionally petrol bombs , at riot police , who respond in kind with tear gas and water cannon .
The only evidence police produced at Berivan Sayaca 's trial four months later was a photograph of her , a scarf pulled across her face , apparently at the protest .
She denies being part of it , or throwing stones .
Turkish society has a kind of paranoia about disintegration , secession .
In the minds of many Turks a strong state , with a strong hand , is a must Ergon Ozbudun , Legal scholar
But under Turkey 's severe criminal code , that was enough to convict her of supporting a terrorist organisation .
More than 350 children between the ages of 13 and 17 are now serving sentences in adult prisons in Turkey on similar charges .
" It 's not up to the judges , it 's a question of the system , " says defence lawyer Serkan Akbas .
He explained that in the eyes of the law , by attending a demonstration called by the PKK , a person is automatically treated as a PKK member .
All Kurdish protests are presumed by the state to be organised by the PKK .
And membership of the PKK is a terrorist offence .
Under the penal code terrorism offences apply even to young teenagers .
Mr Akbas says there is little scope to defend youngsters like Berivan Sayaca , nor can judges give less than the minimum sentences mandated by law - if they did they would almost certainly be reinstated on appeal .
" I do n't feel like there 's a trial going on , " he says .
" I feel like there 's a war going on , and these children , for protesting against the Turkish state , are being punished for being on one side . "
Berivan 's mother Mariam Sayaca is now staying in Batman , so she can make the two - hour journey every Monday morning to Diyarbakir for the half - hour meetings she is allowed with her daughter .
She says Berivan cries all the time , and begs to be freed .
Neither of them can understand why she is there , in an adult prison surrounded by hardened criminals and PKK militants .
' Political will '
Finding officials to justify this practice is difficult .
Neither the police , the judges , nor the prosecutors involved in applying terrorist charges to children would talk to the BBC about it .
They simply said they were bound by the law .
I feel like there 's a war going on , and these children , for protesting against the Turkish state , are being punished for being on one side Serkan Akbas , Lawyer for children
So what about the government ?
The governing party , the AKP , has promised a new beginning for the Kurdish minority , talking of a softer , more tolerant approach .
But it was the AKP which passed the severe anti-terrorism law five years ago .
" When we passed it there was a lot of unrest , with 17 - year - olds throwing petrol bombs , " says Justice Minister Sadullah Ergin .
" The law was intended to deal with them - but obviously it is wrong that it now catches much younger children who are only throwing stones . "
But there is little sense of urgency among the politicians .
The AKP accuses the opposition parties of blocking its efforts to change the law .
The opposition says that with its majority in parliament the government could easily pass a new law if it wanted to .
This lack of political will betrays the acute sensitivity of all politicians to nationalist sentiment in Turkey , which is easily whipped up and sometimes violent .
Soldiers are still killed by the PKK - several dozen every year .
They are always called " martyrs " , and every PKK insurgent a " terrorist " .
Failing to adhere to this official nomenclature is a crime .
One Kurdish newspaper editor was jailed for 166 years this month for writing and activity judged to be supportive of the PKK .
A government minister had his nose broken at a soldier 's funeral last month by a nationalist infuriated by what he saw as the government 's soft line towards the Kurds .
' State of mind '
" Turkish society has a kind of paranoia about disintegration , secession , " says Ergun Ozbudun , one of the country 's most renowned legal scholars , who has long pushed for reform of the military - drafted constitution .
Image caption Anti-government feeling runs high in Turkey 's Kurdish areas
" In the minds of many Turks a strong state , with a strong hand , is a must .
In Europe and elsewhere in the Western world , the judiciary is primarily the protector and guarantor of individual rights and liberties .
" Here the picture is reversed , the judiciary is the protector and guarantor of the official ideology and the dominance of the state . "
Poor and unschooled in the Byzantine ways of Turkey 's judiciary , Mariam Sayaca has no idea how to go about campaigning for her daughter 's release .
Nor how she can keep up the weekly visits to jail , with the family now split between their home in Istanbul and the house of their relatives in Batman .
" What if it was the prime minister 's daughter ? " she asks , clutching a photograph of her child .
" Could his wife sleep at night ?
Would she accept this situation ? "
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
The city continues to lose population but at a slower pace than recent years , brightening prospects for the decennial census underway .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the city lost 2,658 people in 2009 as the population fell to 431,363 .
It was the largest numerical drop among America 's major cities .
( Search our database for the population of each city in the United States )
Those numbers are only estimates based largely on housing statistics .
The official count will come out early next year , when results of the ongoing door - to - door census are known .
Still , the census bureau 's annual population estimates offer a glimpse into a larger trend , one that may finally be turning Cleveland 's way .
After losing an estimated 1 percent of its people year to year for much of the decade , Cleveland saw its rate of decline lessen last year to about 0.6 percent .
It may be that most everyone with the means and the desire to leave the city is gone and the population is stabilizing , said Mark Salling , director of the Northern Ohio Data and Information Service at Cleveland State University .
" The bleeding has definitely slowed , " Salling said .
" Our rate of loss has really tapered off in the last few years . "
Salling said the numbers -- the last estimates for cities before the 2010 census is completed -- suggests Cleveland will not see a headline - grabbing population loss in the national headcount .
" We should stay above 400,000 , " he said .
Since 2000 , Cleveland has lost nearly 10 percent of its population , or 45,000 people .
But Cleveland is no longer first in percentage decline , as it has been for much of the decade .
That dubious distinction now goes to Flint , Mich. , which lost 1.2 percent of its people last year .
Akron also saw its rate of decline slow in 2009 , to 0.3 percent , which mirrors the rate of decline in Summit County .
Since 2000 , Akron has lost about 4 percent of its population , or 9,600 people , to fall to 207,216 people .
Akron and Cleveland anchor a region that saw its population stagnate this decade despite growth and new construction in outer suburbs like Avon , Twinsburg and Medina .
The census estimates indicate the region 's newer , growing communities are simply siphoning residents from older cities and suburbs , not drawing new people to Northeast Ohio .
In March , the census bureau estimated the Cleveland - Akron metro area lost 0.1 percent of its people last year , meaning the regional population was virtually unchanged .
Cuyahoga County , meanwhile , lost 0.6 percent of its people , the second fast rate of decline among America 's major counties .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : rsmith@plaind.com , 216-999-4024
RDB files : ridiculous speed improvements
Condensed story of an optimization
1.2.6 loading time : 21 seconds 1.2.6 saving time : 7.5 seconds
1.3.12 loading time : 3 seconds 1.3.12 saving time : 1.2 seconds
Programming casts
double val = ... some double value ... if ( val == ( double ) ( ( long long ) val ) ) { ... then , there is no decimal part ... }
# if ( DBL_MANT_DIG >= 52 ) && ( LLONG_MAX == 0x7fffffffffffffffLL ) double min = - 4503599627370495 ; /* ( 2^52 ) - 1 */ double max = 4503599627370496 ; /* -( 2^52 ) */ if ( val > min && val < max && val == ( ( double ) ( ( long long ) val ) ) ) ll2string ( ( char * ) buf+1 , sizeof ( buf ) , ( long long ) val ) ; #endif
New test suite
AOF check tool
MONITOR and redis - cli revamped
Escape character is '^ ] '.
monitor +OK +1274050302.735903 " monitor " +1274050304.695527 " set " " foo " " bar " +1274050356.424762 " set " " key with spaces " " value with
strange \ x01\x02 chars inside "
% ./redis -cli redis > set " this is my key " foo OK redis > get " this is my key " " foo " redis > append " this is my key " " \r
" ( integer ) 5 redis > get " this is my key " " foo\r
"
Welcome back to the Redis Weekly update :)
This one actually took one month instead of one week , but this is not bad news after all , as the reason for the delay is that I was busy working at Redis in order to speedup the release of 2.0.0 RC1.RC1 isnear now , and we have a date : it will be released 21th May 2010 .
The work will continue after RC1 , but will focus on testing ( including providing a better test suite ) and bug fixing .
This weekly update could be huge if I would report one month of work , so I 'll picka few interesting stuff from the change log , trying to explain the details , instead of presenting a long list of things without any detail .
I 'll start from one that I think will make many users happy ( for sure it made me happy ) , that is , loading and saving times .
What 's ridiculous about the speed improvement is not just the huge speedup factor , but that this was not done before .
In the latest weeks I started doing something I never did in the past : checking the performance of selected pieces of code .
I was completely aware that Redis was ( and is ! ) absolutely not optimized , but coding is a matter of priorities .
Since Redis was already pretty fast , completeness of the API , stability , Virtual Memory , were the real priorities .
With the 2.0.0 release we are approaching a status where Redis feels more or less feature complete from the point of view of functionality exported to the user .
Well , I want more control on the string type , including ability to set substrings and bit manipulation commands to do things like a bloom filter redis backed using the same memory that C code would require , I also want a MULTI / EXEC with CAS support , but apart from a few minor thingsa good clustering solution , it 's time to slow down a lot the process of adding new things , in order to focus the energies in making what we got much better : faster , less memory intensive , more reliable , better documented .
I 'm dreaming of a 2.2.0 release that is a short cycle of development only focused on this aspects , adding virtually no important new features from the point of view of the command set and data types .
Back to the rdb speedup , everything started on the Google Group , and later on IRC , when Andy McCurdy ( aka the author of the Python Redis lib ) reported too slow loading and saving times of the RDB dataset with VM switched on .
After some time you start knowing people , even on IRC , and Andy is the kind of guy that is not going to notify something without a very good reason and test data at hand .
So I decided this was about time to investigate the issue .
One thing that was especially odd was that while the VM was turned on , the saving and loading process seemed mostly CPU - bound , and not a problem with I /O speed .
Basically some profiling showed that Andy was experiencing slow saving and loading time because with VM he was having the first experiences withbig datasets .
But the problem seemed much more general .
Thanks to the test dataset provided by Andy and a few test datasets ( real datasets from production environments )
I had already at hand , I started to perform profiling and optimization of different parts of the code , and the results are worth of some attention I guess :
The times shown are about the same dataset , already cached in the OS buffers , so in real world conditions where the I/O is also involved the speedup will not be always so huge , but still very noticeable .
Basically it 's worth upgrading just for this .
I did not checked the numbers against the AOF file : optimization of AOF will be 2.2 business , but I bet it is going much faster already since many of the changes leading to the RDB files speedup are pretty general .
But there is a story inside the story , so let 's look inside the code to check how a specific optimization was done , and why it took me two days to write 10 lines of code .
Sometimes programmers form a cast , and this is surely what 's happening in the IRC channel " #C " , as I noticed when I visited the channel in order to talk of other kinds of casts : C casting betweenandvalues .
But let 's start from the begin .
After some profiling fun I noticed that snprintf ( ) ( both glibc and the mac os x version that I guess is originally form BSD folks ) is very slow when the task is translating a double number into a string .
And this is how double numbers , used as scores for the sorted set type , are saved inside the .RDB file indeed : as strings , that is a totally arch - agnostic way to save a floating point number .
Still , very often in actual datasets , the used scores are numbers without decimal part : for instance unix times , or counters obtained using ZINCRBY .
So I started thinking about that : if I can check if a double has not decimal part when represented in radix 10 , and the number is inside a range that can be represented by a long long value , I could print it using the much faster ( long long to string ) function instead of snprintf .
So I implemented the trick getting a huge performance gain in datasets containing many sorted sets elements , and joined # C on freenode to check with some guy if this was going to be good or not .
They told me that I was stupid , as casting was undefined in the case of overflow .
And undefined , they claimed , is not just that you 'll get a bad value after the casting : the system may also crash , as , well , " undefined means undefined , everything can happen " , " So , , try writing sane code " , this were the words of one guy particularly frustrated living inside that channel .
What followed was a flame war that resulted in a ban of my username from the channel , but overall I had fun and tried to do my best to make this guy very ... excited ;) My trick was more or less the following :
Now the C standard states the following ( more or less , not verbatim ) : " casting a floating point number into an integer will truncate it removing the decimal part , and the result will be just the integral part , assuming the number is in the range that the integer type can receive .
Otherwise if there is an overflow the result is undefined " .
Fortunately in order to avoid undefined behavior ( but I think that in practical terms they are not a problem at all ) !
we can use the defines in limits.h and float.h in order to know the range of both the double precision and the long long min and max value .
So this is the final code : Basically we test that the number is in a given safe range , and we set the range so that when a number have no decimal part it can be represented just using the mantis part of the double .
So we are sure that the representation is always " precise " without any lost of information ( if I 've a double with a N bits mantis I 'm supposed to be able to represent integers up to 2 ^ N without problems ) .
If the number is in that range , we perform the double casting trick , that is always in a range were no overflow can occur ( see the # if conditions for LLONG_MAX ) , and finally we print the number .
I 'm sure that # C folks will still think this is totally broken ( and I 'm stupid ) : never mind , your data is safe .
Thanks to the work of Pieter Noordhuis we have a new tests suite that is definitely headed in the right direction : now the test is able to run a dedicated redis server instead of messing with the server that is already running on port 6379 .
Also multiple servers can be started , with different configurations , so we are now able to test for replication , auth command , and many other things .
We 'll continue to work on this in the next weeks before 2.0.0 will be released as stable in order to add support for valgrind ( I 'm working on this right now ) .
Also some day ago I added the DEBUG DIGEST command that is able to take the SHA1 of the whole dataset : if two servers hold the same data , will have the same digest .
So now the test suite is using this to check consistency of RDB / AOF files , but the new command can also be used with the integration tests provided by the new test suite in order to check that the replication is consistent in an automatic way , while usually this test was performed by hand every month or so ( ! ) .
There is an interesting trick used in DEBUG DIGEST in order to make the implementation much simpler .
Basically imagine you want to take the SHA1 digest of a Redis Set : the set is anaggregate of elements , so the same elements but in a different order will change the digest result , that is not what we want .
The obvious solution to this problem is sorting the elements of the set before of taking the digest , but this also sucks as it's slow , requires more memory , and so forth .
But fortunately there is a very simple way to handle this problem , that is , instead of performing the SHA1 ( the_whole_set ) , I perform the " SHA1 ( first_element ) xor SHA1 ( second_element ) xor ... " .
As the bitwise xor operation is commutative , the result is always the same .
This has another hidden advantage .
If you have a set of strings like " foo " , " bar " , " biz " and you take the SHA1 just calling the function to update the SHA1 state against all the elements , the result will be the same if the elements are " fo " " obar " " biz " .
Not good , as different datasets will have the same SHA1 .
Our approach also fixes this problem , but there is much more inside the code , as instead for data types such lists where the order is instead significative we use different tricks .
So the general idea is , when you are dealing with unordered set of elements , think about commutative operators .
Another Pieter contribution ( one among a number of others , if you check the Changelog is an endless stream of fixes , improvements , and other stuff provided by him ) is a tool to fix the AOF file when it gets corrupted ( for instance , truncated because the server was out of file .
The tool is calledand is able to check the AOF for consistency and repair it truncating the last non complete command if needed .
This is very useful as I already assisted users with this problem .
When you end with a very big AOF file corrupted and you need to truncate it at the end in a hurry in order to restart the server asap , you 'll discover that everything is against you , and that vim is simply not good for the task this time ;)
This tool is going to save us in this bad circumstances .
When you got problems with your servers , MONITOR is very handy in order to understand what 's happening .
But now that everything is using the new protocol internally , the MONITOR output was basically impossible to parse by eyes , and hard to parse by tools .
Also it lacked timestamps , and timing is very important in order to discover bugs .
So I fixed this in one of my " on the pool " sessions .
This sessions are very nice : I bring my son to the pool two times every week .
There is to stay there 1 hour , and there is no internet .
I leave home with in mind a single TODO list item for Redis , bringing with me my laptop .
My son swim , and I code without distractions at all .
So we are both happy :) This is the new MONITOR format :
As you can see it 's more or less CSV .
Also the time resolution provided by gettimeofday ( ) is simply amazing , and very useful in this context .
Again in the pool , but in another day , I did exactly the same for redis - cli :
As you can see now it 's possible to use the repl - mode of redis - cli like if it was a little programming language shell .
We got line editing , history , and ability to write and read quoted strings .
There are many more improvements : Pieter did a wonderful work with hashes refactoring and made the API complete .
The VM was optimized , and a lot of testing was done against it , The AOF received a big speedup thanks to a cool idea provided by Derek Collison that is working very well .
Pub / Sub got pattern matching support , and so forth .
It 's just impossible to enumerate all the stuff done in one month on a fast evolving project .
I'm very happy about how things are going , and I look at the future with a lot of interest :)
Redis is getting better but there is still a lot of work we can do to make it more interesting and useful .
And while the work on Redis continues ( and also in client libs and other related projects ) , there are every day more users testing and adopting it .
Some month ago I wrote about me joining VMware , now I can confirm that my hopes turned into reality : thanks to VMware , the great contributions of many users , and the great code and ideas provided by Pieter Noordhuis , the Redis development entered into a new stage .
Fox on Sex : Try More Solo Sex for Better Partner Play
Monday , May 03 , 2010
By Jenny Block
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s the easiest thing in the world .
It ’s fantastic for you .
And all you need is to be alone .
I do n’t know why everyone in the universe is n’t doing it on a regular basis .
Masturbation .
I hate that word .
Too clinical .
Too threatening .
Too alien .
Sounds like you ’re up to no good .
But self - pleasure really is nothing but good .
An unfortunate stigma has been attached to the act .
But ignore those voices in your head .
It ’s healthy , normal , and always guarantees a happy ending .
I think more women than men take issue with doing it .
But this is one act that ’s an equal opportunity pleaser .
All you have to do is let go .
The funny thing is that most of us unlearn it .
We know what feels good from an early age .
But somewhere along the way we are shamed into thinking that we should n’t be “ spoiling ourselves . ”
Phooey .
You are your best partner .
So unless you ’re staying home all day “ playing solo ” to the detriment of home and employment , the green light is yours .
Why ?
1 . It ’s easy access .
It does n’t matter if you ’re alone in the bedroom , the bathroom , or the family room , as long as you can pretty much guarantee privacy , you can do it .
It does n’t always take two to tango .
2 . It ’s simple to do .
Erotic reading or film viewing can add a little spice and there are plenty of products to help you along .
But the truth is , you do n’t need a thing .
You came into this world fully equipped .
All the more reason to take advantage of what you ’ve got .
3 . There are fun accessories .
There are all kinds of great toys out there to help you get the job done .
4 . You can learn more about what you like .
When you spend time with yourself , you can figure out a lot about what works for you – and what does n’t .
Places you like to be touched and how you like them touched .
Rough or gentle .
Fast or slow .
Being the best sex partner comes from knowing what you like and being able to share that info with your playmate .
5 . It helps you get in the mood .
If you ’ve been randy even before your partner gets home , you ’re more likely to want to engage with him or her when you ’re together .
It can be a great way to get in the mood and out of your daily drama .
The thing is , there really is no reason not to “ gild the lily ” or “ crown the king . ”
It can help you fall asleep at night ; refocus when you ’re in a stressed out tailspin ; and just plain make you smile after a long day .
Plus , you ca n’t become pregnant or get someone else pregnant and there ’s zero risk of sexually transmitted infection .
And if the sound of your mother ’s voice in your head is keeping you from getting to it , put her out of your mind .
Perhaps best of all , you do n’t have to settle for just any warm body just because you ’re in need of a little nookie .
The only player you need … is you .
Everyone ’s always saying how important it is to take some time for yourself .
So , is n’t it time for you to take a little true “ me time ? ”
Jenny Block is a freelance writer based in Dallas , Texas .
She is the author of " Open : Love , Sex , and Life in an Open Marriage . "
Her work appears in " One Big Happy Family " edited by Rebecca Walker and " It ’s a Girl : Women Writers on Raising Daughters " edited by Andrea Buchanan .
Visit her Web site at www.jennyonthepage.com.
The latest attempt to stop the Gulf of Mexico oil leak has failed , the oil giant BP has said .
BP chief operating officer Doug Suttles said the firm was now shifting to a new strategy to stop the spill .
In the failed procedure - known as " top kill " - the firm had been blasting waste material and heavy mud into a ruptured well .
US President Barack Obama said the continued flow of oil was " as enraging as it is heartbreaking " .
The worst oil spill in US history began when a drilling rig exploded and sank last month , killing 11 people .
The thick crude has already permeated more than 70 miles ( 110 km ) of Louisiana 's coastline , threatening fragile wetlands and putting the vital fishing industry at risk .
Pollution fears
Mr Suttles said BP had determined that the " top kill " method - which had been going on since Wednesday - had failed after studying the results for three days .
" We have not been able to stop the flow , " he told reporters on Saturday .
" This scares everybody , the fact that we can't make this well stop flowing , the fact that we have n't suceeded so far , " he said .
The company says it pumped 30,000 barrels of mud into the well , in three attempts , at rates of up to 80 barrels a minute , but it had not worked .
PAST ATTEMPTS TO STEM OIL LEAK
Oil booms - partly successful
Controlled burning - causes serious air pollution
Dispersant used - scientists warn it may kill marine life
Huge dome placed over leak - became blocked by ice crystals
Mile - long tube - fails to suck up large amount of oil
" Top - kill " method to pump heavy mud - abandoned Send us your comments
It is the latest procedure to have failed since attempts to plug the leak began , with BP having spent more than $ 940 million ( £ 645 million ) so far .
An initial plan to place a 125 - tonne dome over the leak failed when it became blocked with ice crystals .
A mile - long tube designed to capture some of the gushing oil was also unsuccessful .
The next option after the failure of " top kill " is called the lower - marine - riser - package ( LMRP ) cap containment system .
It involves an underwater robot using a saw to hack off the leaking pipe and place a cap over it .
The LMRP cap is already on site and the operation is expected to last four days .
BP says it cannot guarantee that the new method - which has not been carried out at depths of 5,000 feet before - will be successful .
At least 12,000 barrels ( 504,000 gallons ) are leaking into the Gulf every day .
' Lost lifestyle '
The BBC's Andy Gallacher says the failure is another blow for the region .
Our correspondent says that people in Louisiana are growing increasingly impatient and angry .
Some fishermen have nailed up signs , with one reading " BP , you ruined our futures and our heritage " , our correspondent adds .
" Everybody 's starting to realise this summer 's lost .
And our whole lifestyle might be lost , " Michael Ballay , the manager of Cypress Cove Marina , told Associated Press .
On Friday , US President Barack Obama toured oil - hit areas , saying the US would " do whatever it takes " to help those affected .
He said he would triple the manpower to contain and clean up the spill .
A total of 20,000 people have already been deployed .
Mr Obama said he would take responsibility for " solving this crisis " , though he said BP would be held financially accountable for the " enormous damage " .
DYERSVILLE , Iowa --
In " Field of Dreams , " Kevin Costner 's character builds a baseball diamond out of a corn field after a voice tells him : " If you build it , he will come . "
Well , now he can buy it and so can anyone else .
Don and Becky Lansing , the owners of the site near Dyersville where the field was built by Universal Studios , said Thursday they 're selling the property .
The asking price is $ 5.4 million .
The Lansing family property used in the movie ' Field of Dreams " is now for sale .
Jonathan Daniel / Getty Images
The couple said they love the land , which has been in Don Lansing 's family for more than a century , but they 're ready to retire and give up the property .
" It 's really time for us to head to the locker room .
Maybe that sounds corny .
I do n't care , " Becky Lansing told The Associated Press .
" We really would just love to become spectators .
We want to sit in the bleachers .
We want to look forward to all that the ' Field of Dreams ' will become in the future . "
The " Field of Dreams " is in the middle of a cornfield in eastern Iowa .
The movie , released in 1989 with Costner as its star , was based on the book " Shoeless Joe " by W.P. Kinsella .
The site has been a popular tourist destination , with the family maintaining the baseball diamond built by Universal .
The Lansings purchased the left field and center portions from neighbor Rita Ameskamp in 2007 , ending a long - standing split over the commercialization of the site .
Up for sale is the diamond , a two - bedroom house , six outbuildings that include a concession stand , and a 193 - acre parcel .
The land includes the mystical cornfield where the ghosts of " Shoeless " Joe Jackson , " Moonlight " Graham and others emerge to play ball .
Former major league pitcher Ken Sanders , now a real estate consultant overseeing the sale , said he 's already received a number of inquiries about the property .
Sanders said the majority of those who 've reached out have shown interest in preserving the property .
But he 's also heard from people thinking about putting up a hotel , water park and even some contemplating whether to build a minor league ballpark on the site .
There 's little doubt , though , that the property 's iconic place in sports movie history will help its resale value .
" We are the caretakers of a living piece of sports memorabilia , " Becky Lansing said .
" This is an organic , living , breathing piece of memorabilia . "
This is the real deal in modern wild design .
This is the “ Plug - In ” affordable youth mobility project by Ramesh Gound .
According to Gound , there is a big “ buy 1 get 1 free ” shopping attitude in the market around the Ahmedabad area of India .
This simple concept gave Gound the idea to take two motorcycles and attach them in the middle .
Each motorcycle is owned by its respective party , a young person with a big appetite for sports vehicles but a small pocketbook , then they attach .
Once two motos attach in the middle , they become that fantastic sports car from heaven .
Two drive - by - wire bikes are owned by separate people .
They wanna attach them for a longer drive or some sort of trip that ’s not great for motorcycle , or hey , if they just wanna cruuuze … they attach in the center of the two .
The hood is made of D3O , which when the bikes are not attached , stows away in the bike configuration .
This whole concept is aimed to take on congested cities such as Mumbai .
NOTE : some info from Gound —
This project is my final year Diploma project at National Institute of Design , Ahmedabad India sponsored by Renault Design India .
Rock it !
Designer : Ramesh Gound
VENICE , La. 
Oil giant BP conceded Thursday that the Gulf of Mexico oil leak is larger than it originally estimated , adding more worry as portions of the massive spill began trickling ashore for the first time .
Mark Proegler , a BP spokesman , said workers are capturing about 210,000 gallons a day — the total daily amount the company and the Coast Guard have estimated is gushing into the sea — but some is still escaping .
He would not say how much .
Proegler said the figure has always been just an estimate because there is no way to measure how much is spilling from the well .
Tentacles of the oil spill were seeping Thursday into Louisiana 's lower marshes .
Some of the crude seeped into the Loop Current , a fast - moving current south of the well that could swing the oil east toward Florida 's coastline , said Jane Lubchenco , head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
But she said only a small amount of oil is entering the current and will likely break down by the time it nears Florida .
" The bulk of the oil on the surface is still far away from the Loop Current , " she said .
LIVE VIDEO : Oil spews into the Gulf
HURRICANE FACTOR : Storm season may make spill worse
Crews have been struggling for nearly a month to cap the well that began gushing oil following last month 's explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig about 50 miles offshore .
The downing of the rig killed 11 workers and sparked an ecological emergency in the Gulf .
Oil pushing into marshes ratchets up the urgency and marks the start of a complex cleanup effort , said Kurt Fromherz , a spokesman for Plaquemines Parish , who toured the oily marshes with parish leaders and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal .
Pond - size sheets of oil , some of them coal - black , others bright orange or red , have wrapped around the roseau cane and other marsh features near the mouth of the Mississippi River , Fromherz said .
Tar balls also washed ashore 25 miles to the west in Grand Isle .
FULL COVERAGE :
The latest on the oil spill
" The oil is no longer just a projection or miles from our shore , " Jindal said in a statement .
" The oil is here .
It is on our shores and in our marsh . "
Engineers on Sunday or Monday will attempt to pump mud into a massive device sitting over the well and choke off the flow of oil , BP spokesman John Curry said .
" We are making progress . "
Bruce Young from the University of Massachusetts is antagonising a spitting cobra .
He approaches , keeping outside of the snake ’s strike radius , while moving his head from side to side .
The cobra does n’t like it and erects its hood in warning .
Young persists , and the snake retaliates by launching twin streams of venom at him from forward - facing holes in its fangs .
The aim is spot - on : right at Young ’s eyes .
Fortunately , he is wearing a Perspex visor that catches the spray ; without it , the venom would start destroying his corneas , giving him minutes to seek medical aid before permanent blindness set in .
It may seem a bit daft to provoke a snake that can poison you from afar , but Young ’s antics were all part of an attempt to show just how spitting cobras make their shots .
Their venom is a potent defensive weapon , but it ’s also completely useless if it lands on the skin or even in the mouth .
To work , the cobra must aim for the eyes .
Just think about how hard that is .
The cobra must hit a moving target that ’s up to 1.5 metres away , using a squirt gun attached to their mouth .
The fang is fixed with no movable nozzle for fine - tuned aiming .
And the venom spray lasts just 50 milliseconds – not long enough to correct the stream after watching its arc .
By taunting cobras from behind his visor , Young discovered their secret .
The snake waits for a particularly jerky movement to trigger its attack and synchronise the movements of its heads in the same way .
It shakes its head rapidly from side to side to achieve a wide spray of venom .
And it even predicts the position of its target 200 milliseconds later and shoots its venom at where its eyes are going to be .
There are several species of Asian and African spitting cobras , and Young had individuals of three – the red , black - necked , and black - and - white spitting cobras .
Getting the snakes was straightforward enough ; getting them to spit is another matter .
It ’s very difficult to provoke a cobra to spit at a stationary object – you need a moving target for the best results .
That sounds like the sort of job that graduate students normally do , but Young stepped up to it himself .
As he wryly writes , “ To maximize consistency , the last author served as a target for all trials . ”
His visor was fitted with accelerometers that recorded his own head movements , while his colleagues Guido Westhoff and Melissa Boetig filmed the snakes with a high - speed camera .
Both films were synchronised with a laser pulse and together , the team recorded data from over 100 spits .
They found that a particular type of head wiggle provoked the snakes into spitting – not necessarily large or long - lasting , but always involving a jerky change of direction .
This makes sense for the snake .
At the moment when the target ’s head changes direction , its movements are probably going to keep in the same direction for a short while .
Also , to change direction , the head must briefly slow down before speeding up again , giving the snake more time to predict its future position .
On average , the cobra starts spitting 200 milliseconds after such movements , which is roughly the same as a human ’s reaction time between sight and movement .
But if it takes that long for the snake to contract its venom - shooting muscles , it ’s at a 200 ms disadvantage .
How can it possibly gun down a moving target and avoid spitting into empty space ?
The answer is simple – even before the first droplets of venom emerge , the cobra is already taking aim .
Around 65 ms before , it starts to waggle its head up and down , and from side to side , perfectly tracking the zig - zagging of its target ’s face .
When it actually starts to spit , it stops this synchronous bobbing and rapidly accelerates its head in the same direction as its target ’s .
The snake is compensating for its moving bull ’s - eye , predicting where it ’s going to be 200 ms in the future and ‘ catching up ’ to it well ahead of time .
Young thinks that the cobra ’s calculations would be accurate enough to hit the eyes if it focused its venom jets on a specific point .
As it is , the snake increases the odds of hitting its target even further by wiggling its head from side to side while releasing its poisonous payload .
The result : a massive chance of a direct hit , and a reeling animal that will think twice about approaching a spitting cobra again .
Reference : J Exp Biol http://dx.doi.org/10.1242/jeb.037135More on snakes :
Superbug is not about an entomological caped crusader .
It 's more like a grown - up version of Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark .
The bug in question is MRSA , an antibiotic - resistant bacteria that kills more Americans every year than AIDS .
Superbug is the story of how we created our own monster - under - the - bed , how it spreads through hospitals and communities , and why it 's damn near impossible to control .
If you have a cut or a pimple while reading this book , you are pretty much guaranteed to freak yourself out .
And I mean that in the best possible way .
MRSA is the pumped - up version of a ridiculously common bacteria .
One in three of us carts around Staphylococcus aureus on our skin or up our noses without ever noticing a difference .
It never was benign — S. aureus is still the most common hospital - acquired infection in the U.S. , and it can cause everything from rashes to toxic shock syndrome .
But S. aureus mostly attacks the weak , people whose immune systems are too sick or too old to hold it in check .
MRSA throws all that out the window .
The issue with MRSA is n't just its resistance to antibiotics .
It 's that it attacks the healthy , as well as the sick .
And that it can kill the healthy , too .
I was used to hearing about MRSA mostly in the context of hospital - acquired infections .
Superbug disabused me of that notion .
MRSA may have first been noticed in hospitals , but it can come from the playground as easily as the emergency room , and it 's actually gotten to the point where community - acquired and hospital - acquired strains cross into each other 's territory often enough that researchers are n't sure such clear - cut categories even make sense anymore .
Written by journalist Maryn McKenna — a " Scary Disease Girl " who used to cover the CDC for The Atlanta Journal - Constitution — Superbug does a great job of explaining how hospital - and community - acquired MRSA evolved , and how they 've intertwined with our modern way of life , from the doctor 's office to the dinner table .
Like any in - depth discussion of bacterial genetics , it does occasionally get mired down in acronym soup , but McKenna handles it well , reminding the reader at the right times what that concept from a few chapters ago means — and managing to do so in a way that does n't feel textbook -y .
The book does n't offer easy answers , because , frankly , there are none at this point .
There are search - and - destroy policies that seem to be able to keep MRSA in check in hospitals , but they 're expensive and difficult to employ in the United States , where MRSA rates are only voluntarily reported and enforcement of sanitary rules varies widely from hospital to hospital .
( Countries with socialized medicine — and the standardized policies and consolidated medical records that come with it — have had better luck . )
The important thing here is awareness , and not just of the fact that MRSA exists .
That does matter — particularly for doctors who do n't always recognize what they 're dealing with fast enough — but from an Average Person standpoint there are plenty of scary diseases in the world and you 'd go nuts if spent too much time worrying about them all .
Instead , Superbug 's importance lies in making us aware of how daily choices in familiar places influence the evolution and spread of disease .
When I was 14 , I read a book called The Coming Plague that sparked my interest in the stories of science .
Its big question : " Where will the next major epidemic come from ? "
I remember that book being full of locations I thought of as exotic .
( Though , to be fair , from my position in central Kansas , " exotic " meant just about anywhere else . )
Combine that with reading The Hot Zone around the same time period , and small me was left with the idea that disastrous diseases were things that rose up out of the evolutionary ether in some dark corner of the globe , and swooped in on unsuspecting Americans via international travel or disgruntled research monkeys .
Superbug starts in Chicago .
Where will the next major epidemic come from ?
According to Superbug , that epidemic is already here .
It grew out of our hospitals , our prisons and our high - school locker rooms .
We fed it with our demand for antibiotic ointments , prescriptions we did n't need and factory - farmed cows packed together and pumped full of their own antibiotics .
We spread it with unwashed hands .
The story of MRSA is more prosaic than tales of tracking Ebola through the African jungle , but that 's exactly what makes it terrifying , and fascinating .
Buy Superbug
Read the Superbug blog
Disclaimer : I received a free review copy of this book from author Maryn McKenna , who I personally know .
That said , I receive a lot of free review copies of books .
I only tell you about the ones I think you really need to read .
Image of MRSA growing in culture courtesy Flickr user Simon Goldenberg , via CC .
UPDATE 4/15/10 : Blabbermouth is now confirming the death of Peter Steele , after contacting Type - O keyboardist Josh Silver , who validated online speculation about his death .
The band has also posted a statement on their official site that an official statement from the band and Peter 's family will come later today .
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
UPDATE # 2 4/15/10 : SPV , Type -O's official label just released this statement :
It 's with great sadness that we give our condolences to the family and friends of Peter Steele .
He died on April 14th , 2010 .
With his bands CARNIVORE and TYPE O NEGATIVE he achieved cult status and was loved by fans around the world .
The last releases he did with TYPE O NEGATIVE were the DVD ' Symphony For The Devil ' and the studio album ' Dead Again ' .
SPV / Steamhammer proudly released both products worldwide , which will now — very unfortunately — be the end of his recording legacy .
The world has lost a charismatic frontman and a very talented person .
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
Our condolences go to Peter 's family , friends and the members of his bands .
Here is our original report , with some tributes added below it :
While nothing official has been released by the band , we are getting word that Type O Negative frontman Peter Steele died earlier today .
Mistress Juliya confirmed the speculation by tweeting that she spoke to Type - O guitarist Kenny Hickey who confirmed it was of heart failure .
He was 48 years old .
Here are Juliya 's two tweets :
Hatebreed frontman posted this tribute earlier today :
" HATEBREED would like to extend our condolences to the family , friends and fans of Peter Steele .
He is one of the best guys we 've ever toured with and a true legend !
There will NEVER be anyone else like him .
May he rest in peace . "
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
Biohazard frontman and fellow Brooklynite , Evan Seinfeld posted this on Twitter :
[ Rest in peace ] , my friend , brother , and mentor , Peter Steele , TYPE O NEGATIVE , CARNIVORE … my single biggest musical influence … who named BIOHAZARD .
I fucking miss you so much already …
I love you , brother .
I hope you are in a better place .
Inhuman frontman Mike Scondotto posted a lengthy tribute , here is an expert :
" Pete meant a lot to me , and he meant a lot to Brooklyn .
I would say that he was without a doubt the most successful Brooklynite to ever come out of the hardcore / metal scene and a true ' Brooklyn Bastard ' if there ever was one . "
UPDATE 4/16/10 : The remaining members of Type O Negative and Peter 's family have released an official statement .
As soon as we have any more info , we will report on it .
This is truly a bummer , as Peter Steele was somebody all of us here at Metal Injection were a fan of .
Whether it 's Type O or his previous band Carnivore , Steele always brought something unique to the table .
Here is one of Type O's biggest hits , Black No. 1 :
Texas SBOE members argue with speakers who criticize their religious and political views .
Chairman Gail Lowe begins the meeting shortly after 9:00 a.m .
She says that 206 people registered for public testimony , so the SBOE will be listening to testimony all day and long into the evening if all are heard , which will be unlikely .
The day of public testimony gives the social studies standards revision process a thin veneer of democracy despite the fact that the radical right Republican majority members have already made up their minds to revise the standards in a way that promotes their Christian faith and their view that Christianity was the principal influence on the history of the founding of the United States .
During January and March these members already made dozens of revisions to the expert work group - written standards that changed the meaning and intent of the social studies standards , especially the history and government standards , in ways that reflect their political , religious , and ideological views .
They have been heavily criticized by many Texas university history professors and curriculum experts for the changes they have made ( see previous columns and many news reports ) .
You can find the list of speakers and the currently - revised social studies standards at http://www.tea.state.tx.us/index2.aspx?id=3643.
A compilation of essays and reviews about the social studies standards and their revision process by Texas university humanities professors can be found at http://sensiblehistory.blogspot.com/p/analysis.html.
I have compiled all the separate essays plus a few extra into a single PDF file at http://texscience.org/pdf/ScholarsAssessProposedTexasSocialStudiesStandards-2010May.pdf.
The first public testimony is from the Rev. Stephen Brown of Fairpark Bible Fellowship , who thanks the State Board of Education ( SBOE ) for including information “ within the Christian frame ” in the social studies standards .
He is wearing his clerical garb during his testimony .
He read quotes from Jefferson , Washington , and Franklin about how religion is necessary for our country to succeed , ignoring the fact that these three Founders were certainly religious but not Christians .
Brown is happy the SBOE is including information about the Christian principles upon which our country was founded “ within the Judeo - Christian frame . ”
He says our rights our sourced in God ( “ Him ” ) , not in Man .
Lawrence Allen , the only non-Christian SBOE member ( Lawrence is a Moslem ) , questions Brown about other faiths , but Brown says that –even though we all recognize one God–including anything other than Christianity would be wrong because our country was founded on the “ Judeo - Christian ” tradition , not on other principles .
To another question , Rev. Brown says the social studies standards will have “ an impact on the psyche of our students ” so they are very important .
To another question says “ we need to highlight who we are as a people , ” and “ our Christian frame has pushed back against the Ku Klux Klan and the Black Panthers . ”
He neglects to recognize that the Klan is a Christian organization who believes they are promoting Christian principles .
Lawrence Allen asks Rev. Brown if he believes that people can change when they read something ( such as social studies books ) .
Brown responds that “ knowledge influences action and behavior . ”
The second speaker , Rod Paige , is the former U. S. Secretary of Education and Superintendent of Houston ISD .
Paige says that history should be presented accurately and truthfully .
He asks that the SBOE should include more about the history of slavery in the U.S. and not attempt to bias the social studies standards .
He says the SBOE should rely on respected and legitimate scholars to decide what standards should be included , and not allow personal ideologies to guide what the SBOE members include in the social studies standards .
Rene Nunez asks if how the Texas Rangers badly treated the Mexican - Americans in Texas should be included .
Paige answers affirmatively : we should include information that we might want to forget because it reflects badly on national culture .
Lawrence Allen asks Paige how we should approach writing standards .
Paige replies that standards should not be so specific that they detail precisely what teachers should teach , but should reflect the desires of Texas citizens of what scholarly knowledge Texas students should learn .
He also says we should delay the process because the process has not gone well and the SBOE - revised standards should be reviewed by history experts .
Paige concludes : “ What students are taught should not be the handmaiden of political ideology . ”
Amen .
State Representatives Dan Flynn and Wayne Christian now get to speak with personal privilege .
Rep .
Flynn simply says that the social studies standards should be adopted as revised by the SBOE and the vote not be postponed as many request .
Rep. Christian says that disagreement exists in public policy but “ we do n’t get our hands chopped off or our heads cut off ” when there are disagreements , thus getting in a bigoted insult against his view of Arabs and Moslems ( political disagreement is actually widely tolerated in the Middle East without injury ) .
He says that he has heard a lot of positive feedback from classroom teachers who support what the SBOE is doing to revise the social studies standards .
Rep .
Flynn says he has faith in the “ Godly history ” of our country .
Mary Helen Berlanga asks if the two Reps. agree that history should be presented accurately and they both agree .
She says that history books have not included the accurate and reliable history of discrimination against Hispanics in Texas and the United States and we continue to avoid mentioning that , including within the new social studies standards .
Rep .
Flynn responds that he is of Irish descent and that he has listened to stories from his grandparents of discrimination against the Irish in the early history of the U.S. and he applauds Ms. Berlanga ’s efforts to include information about discrimination against Hispanics .
Rep. Christian says that legislators should not legislate specific topics of history , including discrimination against minorities , but the SBOE members should .
Both avoid the topic that Ms. Berlanga was trying to bring up , specifically that Hispanic - Americans , United States citizens , have experienced immense discrimination and this history is not included in the current SBOE - revised standards and she would like it to be ( as it usually is for African - Americans , although she did n’t say this ) .
Rep. Christian says that the SBOE members that Texas citizens elected should be allowed to write the standards , ignoring the fact that these elected state officials are following their personal political , religious , and ideological agendas in their re-writing , not following the guidance of professional university historians who actually know what accurate and reliable history actually is .
SBOE member Rick Agosto tells the Reps that “ we are fighting ” to get accurate social studies standards and the current document , as revised by the right - wing SBOE members , falls short and is not acceptable .
Rep. Christian says he is glad Mr. Agosto is fighting since this shows that democracy is working and that the time has come to have a final vote , as if democracy and majority vote alone should be the process to decide what should go into the social studies standards .
SBOE member Rene Nunez says that “ fairness and historical accuracy ” should also be used as justification for deciding what should go into the standards in addition to democracy .
He makes the point that minorities make up a third of the State Board and a third of both houses of the Legislature , but Texas now has a majority minority population and its views should be represented fairly , but this is not happening under the majority votes of the SBOE .
Rep. Christian disagrees , saying that currently elected public officials should make the decisions and that making decisions on the basis of race is wrong .
Both Reps say the State Board ’s democratic system of rewriting and adopting social studies standards is working well and that the social studies issue should come to a vote and final conclusion as the system requires with no delay .
It is now 10:25 a.m. Ronald Wetherington , professor of anthropology at Southern Methodist University and the third listed speaker , now speaks about errors that have entered the standards due to State Board revisions .
He has a list of these errors .
One deals with the Enlightenment and the new historical figures ( Aquinas , Calvin , Blackstone ) that were added and the removal of Jefferson from the list .
Wetherington also criticized the removal of the term “ Enlightenment , ” since this was the central idea of the standard which was a good one .
All the errors create a “ disturbing and embarrassing pattern ” of promoting personal ideologies rather than accurate history .
He says the social studies TEKS - writing teams should review the newly - revised standards and make appropriate recommendations .
Radical religious right members Leo and Mercer both mention a list of 48 states that do n’t mention Thomas Jefferson as an Enlightenment figure .
Wetherington responds that most of these states do n’t mention specific historical Enlightenment figures at all , so this is a poor criticism of those who objected to the removal of Jefferson from the list of influential Enlightenment figures .
Cynthia Dunbar states that the Laws of Nature doctrine was started by Thomas Aquinas and John Calvin and it is important for students to know these two figures .
She says the word “ Enlightenment ” was removed so that the list could now include the non-Enlightenment figures Aquinas , Calvin , and Blackstone that were added .
Wethington says the Board removed the internal integrity and consistency of the standards as submitted by the expert historians who wrote the original standards and the Board should try to maintain and support this integrity and consistency rather than ruin it and create a “ patchwork quilt ” of standards revisions that damages the internal integrity and consistency .
Rene Nunez points out that the “ lay Board ” has already made over 300 revisions to the submitted standards and make make another 100 changes by Friday .
He asks Wetherington if this process has been problematic .
Wetherington says yes : most disagreements have been about hundreds of specific names and the standards should cover general principles and themes rather than specific names and events .
SBOE Member Bob Craig asks if Wetherington agrees with Rod Paige that the standards document is now too long and specific and Wetherington says he agrees .
Daniel Bonevac , a University of Texas philosophy professor , congratulates the Board for its previous actions in revising the standards in a conservative direction .
He says the history profession is overwhelmingly liberal and politically Democratic rather than Republican ( there “ is only one ” on the UT history faculty , he says ) , so the standards as submitted were biased and he welcomes the Board ’s revisions .
He says that university faculties are overwhelmingly tilted to the left and the “ writers of social studies curricula ” all come from “ left - wing ” backgrounds ( I happen to know that this slur misrepresents university academics–most are liberal , well within the intellectual and academic mainstream , not “ left- wing , ” so Prof. Bonevac ’s comments reveal his polemical extremism ) .
So he thinks the Board ’s revisions have provided balance and he approves .
Bonevac is a highly controversial figure within UT academics .
He created a Western Civilization curriculum that was ultimately rejected by the UT faculty because it was tilted to conservative and classical history .
Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP speaks against the revised social studies standards , saying that many states have now said they will reject and not buy any history textbooks prepared using the Texas standards .
For example , the standards took the word “ slavery ” out of the history of the trans - Atlantic slave trade , now called the “ Atlantic triangular trade , ” thus distorting history .
Mr. Jealous wants the social studies standards to be historical and accurate , not biased as revised by the State Board .
Radical right member Terri Leo takes exception to Mr. Jealous ’s comments , demanding specific changes that he recommends .
She derides him when he cannot provide specific items , saying that the Board has been dealing with specific items for two years and he is coming “ late into the process . ”
Barbara Cargill tries to justify the change that the Board made to the name of the slave trade to disguise its main import of treating humans as trade items ( changed to the “ Atlantic triangular trade ” ) .
Jealous says again that the social studies standards process conducted by the lay Board should be delayed until the new standards are reviewed by legitimate historians and educators .
Kelly Shackelford congratulates the Board on removing the phrase “ separation of church and state ” from the social studies standards and replacing it with the actual words of the Establishment Clause in the Constitution .
He misleadingly says the phrase is illegitimate and does n’t reflect the meaning of the Establishment Clause .
On the contrary , several Founders used the phrase to reflect their understanding of the Establishment Clause and the phrase has been used repeatedly by the Supreme Court in their decisions upholding their decisions against religious establishments .
Ken Mercer again reveals his ignorance .
He says John Jay ’s family ( Jay was a Founder ) lost their property in France due to the revocation of the tolerant “ Edict of Nantes , ” which Mercer pronounces “ Nan-tess ” !
Mercer mentions the religious wars in France ( French Catholics persecuted the Calvinist Protestant French Huguenots ) without any comprehension that his motives and actions are identical to what was going on in France that led to Jay ’s family loss of property .
After a long period of religious tolerance in France , the Catholic aristocracy led by Louis XIV started again to kill Protestants to take their property to reduce their numbers and influence .
This expression of state bigotry and malice is identical in intent if not degree by many of the Republican members on the SBOE .
They are using their public offices to promote their own religious and political views in public school classrooms , weaken the nature of the secular public school classroom , crush dissenters , and encourage intolerance .
Such ignorant and misguided actions –inspired by a radical religious right activism–will have far - reaching consequences in Texas , perhaps the same as in 17th century France .
The Huguenots were skilled and industrious craftsmen and tradesmen who left France when the Edict of Nantes was revoked , greatly diminishing the power and stature of France , especially its valued reputation as a tolerant country .
Ken Mercer is the perfect example of someone who is revising Texas history standards who is actually ignorant about and completely misunderstands history .
Even worse , he wants to propel his ignorance , misunderstanding , and intolerance into future generations using his position as a public school official .
I would say this is a textbook example of misuse of political power .
David Bradley mentions the “ myth of separation of church and state ” and asks Shackelford why the Ten Commandments are displayed in the Supreme Court building in Washington “ 39 times . ”
Shackelford says the Ten Commandments are displayed in the building , neglecting to state that they are legally contained in the context of dozens of other historical legal symbols of historical laws , not separated out as a special example .
Most of the legal symbols are pagan and very non-Jewish and non-Christian , so Bradley ’s understanding of the symbol ’s significance is quite wrong as usual .
Mercer and Dunbar discuss the legality of “ Under God , ” “ In God We Trust , ” and the Ten Commandments some more .
Our national motto is “ In God We Trust , ” whic
has been controversial from the start .
The Pledge of Allegiance contains the phrase “ under God , ” which is controversial .
Sometimes the exhibit of the Ten Commandments is legal but usually illegal .
All of these are constantly litigated .
Shackelford mentions that he is representing the “ 5 million ” veterans over the Christian cross on national park land in the Mojave Desert , initially set up as a war memorial .
Actually , he is representing a very small group of people that want to keep the cross on exhibit on federal park land .
Shackelford laments the fact that “ vandals ” destroyed the cross after the Supreme Court failed to rule the cross unconstitutional by a 5 - 4 decision and sent the case back to the District Court that initially ruled the cross was unconstitutional .
Shackelford continues on about religious legal cases for about 20 minutes under questioning by Dunbar , Mercer , and Bradley without once touching on any social studies standard .
Lowe does not stop this waste of time .
Robert Koons , a religious right University of Texas philosophy professor , does not appear in person but his presentation is read by another individual .
Koons is also a contributor to the failed UT Western Civilization curriculum program .
Koons asks the Board to not delay the vote but to adopt the revised social studies standards .
Koons says that the standards are now stronger because , among other reasons , they add more information about some of the Christian Founders of the United States rather than concentrate on the better - known non-Christian Founders ( Washington , Jefferson , Adams , Franklin , Madison , Paine , etc. ) .
He supports the addition of more information about the Christian underpinnings of the history of the U.S .
The next speaker , Terry Ann Kelly , thanks the State Board for recognizing that the Judeo - Christian religion is very important historically and for holding firm to the principles of including historical information about religion in their studies .
She says the Board is correct to require schools to teach that “ freedom of religion ” rather than “ freedom from religion ” is both the law and historical truth .
She does n’t understand that freedom from religion makes freedom of religion possible .
To practice one ’s own religion one has to first be free from the establishment of other religions .
This is so obvious , but the ignorance and bigotry of so many people such as Ms. Kelly who think that their Christian religion is the only true religion and are intolerant of other religions is so typical .
She laments the times when students are forbidden in public schools to express their religious beliefs but she does n’t acknowledge the context .
Students can privately express their religious beliefs to themselves and others but not in the context of public or classroom performances or settings .
These latter cases are led by school authorities –officials of the state–who cannot appear to give sanction to expressions of sectarian religious beliefs .
Ms. Kelly went on and on about her misunderstanding of the law , a misunderstanding shared by Kelly Shackelford who Ms. Kelly mentioned as a supporting figure .
SBOE member Cynthia Dunbar also goes on and on in support of these mistaken concepts .
The radical religious right activists and polemicists constantly push these mistaken views as established law in public policy settings , but they are wrong and misguided and have only created more rancor and intolerance .
This will be their ultimate legacy .
If you ’ve read this far , you can see how the actions of the current State Board of Education have led to increased criticism , intolerance , and anger in the realm of religion .
The original social studies standards were written from a secular , balanced , academic position that was tolerant of and accurate about American religious and Constitutional history .
Now , the Board has opened a can of worms by their unacademic , unscholarly , and morally illegitimate–but nevertheless legal–actions in revising the social studies standards to more greatly reflect and promote their Christian and radical - right political views .
Their radicalizing agenda has created an intolerable situation that has put Texas in a very bad , negative light when viewed from other states by more politically and religiously moderate people .
Unfortunately , these radical religious right Board members are acting legally and democratically , which means the Texas system of adopting standards and textbooks by the majority votes of radical but popularly - elected state education officials is suspect and needs to be reformed .
The Legislature has several times tried to reduce the powers of the State Board of Education , but all previous reforms have obviously failed as evidenced by the recently adopted English Language Arts and Science standards and the soon to be adopted Social Studies standards .
The Legislature needs to act again , this time stripping the State Board of all authority over standards and textbooks .
The meeting adjourns for lunch at 12:25 p.m .
The meeting begins again at 1:13 p.m .
Several speakers appeared , including an excellent student Cameron White , who perceptively explained why what the SBOE was doing to distort and manipulate social studies standards was so damaging to education .
She mentioned how what she learned about Christopher Columbus was wrong , and she learned later that Columbus was not totally the benign explorer she had originally studied .
Ms.
White also asked that accurate , reliable , and balanced history standards be written , not the politically manipulated ones we have now thanks to the State Board .
Rep. Donna
Duke spoke next and asked that the SBOE delay their vote on the social studies standards .
She said , in addition , that the Legislature can allocate , delay , or deny funds for textbooks if they do n’t have enough information or do n’t like the standards which the textbooks are supposed to written to .
Rep .
Helen Giddings said that the focus should be on the academic achievement of our children , not on controversial political and religious issues .
She says she is very dissatisfied with the educational achievement of Texas students ( who rank 43rd among the 50 states , a very low achievement level for one of the wealthiest , most powerful states in the country ) .
Rep .
Trey Martinez - Fischer says he came here because he was told that Hispanic - American figures were being eliminated from the history standards .
He pointed out that the Hispanic - American caucus in the Texas House is the oldest and largest in the country .
He said there has been a tremendous lack of transparency when he and others tried to investigate the problem of discrimination against minority representation in the standards and the lack of official review by informed social studies experts .
We should not be in a hurry to adopt these standards .
Why are we rushing ?
Two sessions may go by until we can fund these textbooks .
We can rewrite and readopt these standards in 2011 or 2013 .
The Legislature can require this .
Please reconsider the request for a delay in adoption .
Rep. Martinez - Fischer says unless there is an urgency in adopting these social studies standards on Friday , and there is n’t , he suggests that they be adopted in January , 2011 .
Mary Helen Berlanga mentions that SMU Prof .
Ron Wetherington also suggested this , saying that we should have the social studies experts review the changes that have been made and make suggestions for improving the revised standards .
Since these standards will last for ten years , they need to be scrutinized by professionals before finally adopted .
We should not “ shoot from the hip ” when revising and adopting these standards .
Mary Helen Berlanga , Rene Nunez , and Rick Agosto all approved of the idea to send the social standards document back to the experts for review and comment .
Rep. Alma Allen , SBOE member Lawrence Allen ’s mother , was an SBOE member herself for 12 years .
During that time , the focus was on children , not on ideology , personal beliefs , or personal agendas .
The Board should aspire to make sure our children have the best education they can .
She would like President Barack Obama ’s name to be written into the standards as the first African - American President ( amazingly , it is not there now after 300 revisions ) .
On Friday , I hope all the media of the world will be able to report that the Texas SBOE did the right thing for children , leaving them the best standards that are inclusive of every child .
Lawrence Allen responded and said he would amend the standards to include Barack Obama ’s name .
Rep. Sylvester Turner is chair of the Legislative Black Caucus .
He said he puts the textbook in a different category than typical legislation or politics .
The textbook must be neutral , balanced , free of ideology .
The textbook is to teach , not to indoctrinate or persuade .
Textbooks should discuss , for example , the fact that American Blacks were lynched by White Racists in the Unites States .
Keeping this story from children is keeping them ignorant , not educated .
He asks that the social studies standards adoption be delayed .
Let ’s do what is in the best interest of the children of Texas .
Rick Agosto says that a professional organization of social studies teachers and professors has reviewed the proposed social studies standards and say that they are not in a form that is respectable and ready for use .
Rep. Ruth McClendon , the next speaker , says she is opposed to the State Board ’s attempt to hijack the social studies standards .
Minimizing the accomplishments of minorities and relegating many important historical minority figures is wrong .
She agrees there should be a delay .
Barbara Cargill says that the members of the Board will never agree on how history is to be taught , so it would be a disservice to students to delay the final vote and adoption .
More later .
I have to attend to some other business but I have someone taking notes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Labour 's Gordon Brown has resigned as UK prime minister after three years .
Mr Brown officially tendered his resignation to the Queen at Buckingham Palace , with Conservative leader David Cameron set to succeed him .
Speaking alongside his wife Sarah outside No 10 Downing Street , he said the job had been " a privilege " and wished his successor well .
He has stepped down as Labour leader and will be replaced by deputy Harriet Harman until a successor is elected .
However , Mr Brown will remain as a backbench MP in Parliament .
His decision comes as the Tories and Liberal Democrats are poised to agree a deal to form a government .
' Privilege to serve '
Mr Brown said he had taken the decision to resign after concluding he would not be able to form a government after days of talks between the parties .
In an emotional farewell speech outside No 10 , Mr Brown said he had " loved the job " and it had been " a privilege to serve " .
" Only those who have held the office of prime minister can understand the full weight of its responsibilities and its great capacity for good , " he said .
" I have been privileged to learn much about the very best in human nature , and a fair amount , too , about its frailties , including my own .
" Above all , it was a privilege to serve and , yes , I love the job , not for its prestige , its titles and ceremony , which I do not love at all .
BROWN STANDS DOWN Gordon Brown 's rise and fall Labour leader : Runners and riders
In quotes : Resignation reaction
In pictures : Gordon Brown " No , I loved the job for its potential to make this country I love fairer , more tolerant , more green , more democratic , more prosperous and more just - truly a greater Britain .
" In the face of many ... challenges up to and including the global financial meltdown , I have always tried to serve , to do my best in the interests of Britain , its values and its people . "
Anticipating Mr Cameron 's appointment , Mr Brown said : " I wish the next prime minister well as he makes the important choices for the future . "
His two young sons joined him and wife Sarah for his brief statement which ended with the words : " Thank you and goodbye . "
After leaving the Palace , Mr Brown returned to Labour headquarters to thank party staff .
He told them that the election defeat was " his fault and his fault alone " .
Failed talks
His resignation follows Thursday 's general election in which no party won an overall majority but the Conservatives won the most seats and votes .
Both Labour and the Tories have since been trying to persuade the Lib Dems to join them in a coalition government to run the country .
Mr Brown had previously said he would resign as Labour leader , but stay on as prime minister until September , if Labour could agree a deal with the Lib Dems .
Mr Brown paid tribute to his wife 's " unwavering support "
But after this possibility ended , the BBC's Political Editor Nick Robinson said Mr Brown decided he could not form a government and should stand down .
Before making his announcement , Mr Brown consulted with his wife Sarah and close colleagues including Lord Mandelson , Douglas Alexander , Ed Balls and Ed Miliband and also spoke to former prime minister Tony Blair by phone .
Deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman is to become Labour leader until a replacement is elected .
Mr Brown said he would stand by the new leader " loyally and without equivocation " .
Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee has indicated it wants Mr Brown 's successor as leader to be chosen as soon as possible , possibly by the end of July .
Mr Brown succeeded Tony Blair as prime minister in June 2007 after spending ten years as chancellor of the exchequer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
During the Dumbarton Oaks symposium on “ Designing Wildlife Habitats , ” a range of ecologists and landscape architects analyzed various aspects of the relationship between people and nature , and how these relationships take form in natural , managed , and even restored wildlife habitats .
Speakers also explored cutting - edge thinking on “ ecological infrastructure ” and “ human - nature interaction design , ” ideas that can guide the future development of both designed landscapes and conservation systems .
Wildlife Habitat Design
Jane Carruthers , Professor , Deparment of History , University of South Africa , outlined the case of Pilanesberg , South Africa , a “ ground - breaking ” game reserve started in the 1970 ’s that created a wildlife conservation and eco-tourism model in marginal farmland .
The designers guiding the creation of Pilanesberg believed that “ wildlife must make money .
The landscape must be productive and also used sustainably . ”
In addition , they rejected urban - based romantic ideas about nature in favor of prioritizing local culture and incorporating the community into the park ’s functioning .
The park designers removed buildings and invasive species while , at the time , introducing native animal species .
While species translocation was largely successful , there were problems with moving elephants into the park because delicate herd structures were disrupted by the addition of more young males .
Cheetahs were also problematic because they “ ate all the expensive species . ”
Carruthers said the park largely ended up reconstituting what was there , but the park managers still needed to “ maintain the ecosystem by watching who ’s eating how much . ”
The park ’s overall longevity ( and ultimate sustainability ) is linked with the number of tourists who visit and number of people who are employed through the park .
Thomas Woltz , ASLA , Principal , Nelson Byrd Woltz Landscape Architecture , explored how landscape architecture can encourage plant and wildlife biodiversity within “ productive agricultural lands . ”
Woltz said agriculture can be “ lethal ” to plants and animals , given it often involves “ pollution , chemicals , steroids , soil erosion , and large - scale machinery . ”
Agricultural landscapes often look “ bleached and ironed , ” with the tiny rippley places where biodiversity actually exists ripped out .
To illustrate his firm ’s innovative restoration work , Woltz highlighted the Young Nick ’s Head sheep farm project in New Zealand .
“ This is a devastated landscape that should be temperate rainforest .
It should not look like Scotland . ”
Woltz and his team tried to combine the restoration of wildlife structures with sustainable agriculture and livestock .
“ We wanted to build value for the wildlife of the region . ”
The project involved retiring 20 percent of the farmland .
With the improvement in habitat health , the sheep ’s health also improved .
Some 50 - acres of wetland , including 20 - acres of salt marsh wetlands , were re-created .
The team also included the local Maori community in the project .
Maori first arrived in the area in 1,100 AD .
A local Maori horticulturalist was involved in the reforestation , and the project financed a small Maori - run tree nurseries .
So far , more than 500,000 of the Maori - grown trees have been replanted , recreating a forest in the process .
To restore the original mix of wildlife , excluder fences were added , which prevent rats and weasels from eating rare seabird eggs .
“ We called the massive fence our eco-Christo . ”
To encourage birds to nest on the restored habitat , the team brought in nesting boxes , decoy birds , and played looped tapes of birds ’ calls .
Woltz argued that manipulating the landscape was key to its preservation .
“ We tried to get all the ecosystem services we could out of it . ”
Instead of bleaching or ironing landscapes , it must be about “ stitching , sowing , or weaving . ”
Learn more about the ASLA award - winning project , and check out an article by Elizabeth Meyer on the site in Harvard Design Magazine .
Stuart Green , Green & Dale Associates , is a landscape architect who used Alice Springs Desert Park , Central Australia to discuss how to best incorporate educational resources into wildlife habitats .
Really , Green said , wildlife habitat is the educational resource .
If indigenous communities are brought into the design process early , true collaboration can occur between conservation park designers and the local communities who value biodiversity ( and can , in turn , teach it to visitors ) .
In Alice Springs , a 1,000 hectare park was created , which recreates the “ biotic diversity ” of the area .
Working with the local Aborigines helped avoid disturbing sacred sites .
“ However , this was hard because they often would n’t tell us where they were . ”
Many Aborigines ended up employed in the park as tour guides because of their deep reverence for the local biodiversity .
“ The caterpillar is a creation figure . ”
For one part of the park , more than 8 - acres of red sand was trucked in .
On top of the rehabilitated lands , more than 400 types of native plants were used to restore the ecosystem .
Existing waterways were widened and new riverine systems were added .
For some , salt was added to recreate natural salt bodies .
Termite mounds and aviaries were integrated into ecosystem walk - throughs .
“ We also brought in parrots and kangaroos . ”
The idea is to give visitors a habitat immersion experience and education in conservation .
David Attenborough visited and said “ no museum or wildlife park can match it . ”
Creating Infrastructure for Biodiversity
Joshua Ginsberg , Senior Vice President , Global Conservation Program , Wildlife Conservation Society , explored the impact of scale on the design of conservation strategies .
Ginsberg said at the small - scale people relate to landscapes .
In the conservation world , this means zoos .
Small - scale interventions are relatively easy to replicate .
But at the larger scale , there are issues .
At that scale , “ we are dealing with exploded zoos or fragmented landscapes . ”
Exploded zoo challenges relate to restoring diversity , intensive management , and the “ amplification of nature . ”
Fragmented landscape issues can only be resolved through land - use changes and regional plans for returning the biodiversity functions to landscapes .
The issues are increasingly critical given only 15 percent of the world ’s land is now untouched by humans .
In the vast majority of the world in which humans and wildlife interact , species are threatened most by ( in descending order of importance ) climate change , roads and infrastructure , deforestation , fire , invasive species , exurban development , and hunting .
“ Climate change and road connectivity swamp all other issues , including human population growth . ”
Designing for different species involves thinking through the scales they need .
“ Wild dogs , grizzly bears require the broadest scales ; black bears can survive at the smallest . ”
Ginsberg pointed to the Krueger National Park in South Africa , which reintroduced a wild dog meta-population , and must keep reintroducing the species for it to survive at a large - scale in the wild .
Ginsberg said wild dogs are special because they require enormous ranges ( or scales ) to survive .
Wild dogs went extinct in this area more than 100 years ago .
At the cost of some $ 200,000 , 100 wild dogs were translocated into the park .
However , repeated reintroductions were needed given all the challenges the dogs faced .
Even at the broadest scales , Ginsberg said , small - scale interventions are needed to keep individual species alive .
Population - level management , land purchases , resettlment , anti-poaching measures , and translocation are all strategies to be considered .
In Thailand , 90 percent of the original forest cover has been cut down .
To connect isolated natural preserves , natural corridors have also been created , enabling some species the scale they need .
In the Russian Far East , tigers , another species requiring large - scale habitats , are moving north , demonstrating that “ climate change is real . ”
To deal with tiger migration , Russia has implemented a plan to establish protected areas , manage the “ matrix of species , ” and create connectivity .
Tigers are also now moving into China .
“ I ’ve tried to convince the Chinese that they are just getting their tigers back instead of harbouring Russian tigers . ”
( Ginsberg also expressed cautious optimism in the World Bank ’s Global Tiger Initiative , which has resulted in an end to World Bank financing of infrastructure projects that cut through tiger ranges .
In September , 14 heads of state from nations with tiger ranges will meet in an attempt to “ put wildlife at the center of planning . ” )
Ginsberg concluded that a “ landscape species ” approach was needed .
“ Wildlife generate landscape patterns and use landscapes differently from people . ”
It ’s important to pick 4 - 5 landscape species and track the causal chains .
“ You ca n’t just design for one species . ”
Titling the lands of indigenous peoples may actually aid in this type of landscape species conservation because it gives local communities more direct control over conservation .
In addition , the scale of ownership is also important — small lots need to be aggregated to create scale .
To sum up , scale is important ; animals have different scale needs ; and humans operate at all scales , but their impacts change with scale .
In the design process , it ’s crucial to design at scale , determine what you are trying to conserve , collaborate , and recognize that species interact with human influence differently .
Yu Kongjian , International ASLA , Professor of Urban and Regional Planning , Peking University , and president of Turenscape :
Yu explored the idea of integration across scales , and using “ ecological infrastructure ” to protect biodiversity .
Yu said the earth is now an endangered species .
China is almost completely a brownfield .
Some 75 percent of China ’s water is heavily polluted , and 50 percent of wetland habitat has been lost .
Over 25,000 dams have been created in China , and the channelization of rivers has led to the destruction of most natural riverine systems .
Over the past 30 years , Beijing has expanded almost 700 percent .
“ Virtually , the whole natural system in China has been destroyed . ”
Yu asked :
How can we minimize the impact of development and urbanization ?
One answer may be ecological infrastructure .
In contrast with Ginsberg , Yu said ecological infrastructure , which is characterized as a “ systems approach ” to restoring the entire environment , is needed instead of a landscape species approach .
Ecological infrastructure uses biological conservation patches , networks , and corridors to marry ecosystem services with infrastructure .
An ecosystem services design approach involves planning for all types of services , including “ provisioning , ” and “ regulating ” natural services .
Patches , networks , and corridors can then be used to save essential natural processes .
This involves evaluating the sources , surface areas , and security patterns needed to protect various species .
For instance , “ we can build ecological bridges to stop roadkill . ”
On an aesthetic level , it means moving to “ messy , complex landscapes ” that embrace biodiversity .
“ We do n’t need any more domesticated , pretty gardens . ”
In fact , Yu believes people should “ embrace the messy . ”
Professor
Yu made a few key arguments :
“ Make Friends with Floods : ” We need to stop the channelization of rivers , analyze the flood process , and allow the landscape to be flooded .
“ Flooding generates lots of ecosystem services . ”
Mimimize landscape intervention and maximize ecological returns .
Help nature to recover and let nature work .
Yu cited his most recent work of “ ecological surgery ” at the Qinghuangdao Beach Restoration , an ASLA honor award winner ( learn more about the project ) .
Go productive .
As an example , Yu pointed to his firm ’s work integrating actual agricultural systems into the Shenyang Agricultural University ( learn more about the project ) .
Think of the landscape as a living system .
Planning and landscape strategies can help maximize ecosystem services , but will also create habitat in the process .
Read an interview to learn more about Yu Kongjian ’s work .
Professor Jianguo ( Jack ) Liu , Rachel Carson Chair in Sustainability & University Distinguished Professor , Center for Systems Integration and Sustainability , Michigan State University : Professor Liu , one of the leading researchers on human - nature interactions , argued that many researchers are either exploring human impacts on nature , or nature ’s impact on humans , but few are looking at the “ feedback loop , ” the reciprocal interactions .
To examine these interactions , Liu and his colleagues devised the Coupled Human and Natural System ( CHANS ) approach .
Liu zoomed in one case he ’s been focused on for some time : the Wolong Nature Reserve for Giant Pandas .
Wolong is in southwest China , and is a natural panda habitat .
It ’s a protected site and includes a core habitat area , buffer zone , and transition zone where there are human settlements .
Interestingly though , since the area was declared a natural reserve , more panda habitat has been destroyed .
Liu went about trying to discover what was causing habitat destruction , and identified the growth of the number of households as a primary factor .
Since 1975 , the number of people in the area has grown by 80 percent .
However , the number of households has grown by 180 percent , meaning the average number of people per household has declined rapidly .
Each household in the area has been collecting firewood and and producing agriculture , negatively impacting the panda habitat .
“ Homes , instead of people , impact environments . ”
Liu said “ living alone is particularly bad for the environment , ” because multi-person households create important environmental efficiencies .
To go one step further , living with your parents is good for the environment , and divorce is really bad for the environment .
CHAN analysis helped pinpoint the feedback loops between habitat , pandas , and people in the area .
To preserve panda habitat , they must also be connected .
Liu called for expanded corridors between the 63 isolated panda preserves , which pandas can then use to find mates .
To build up local support for Panda habitat preservation , people should be “ paid for ecosystem services . ”
Payments are needed to get people to move out of panda habitat .
Human populations should be concentrated .
Liu concluded that landscape architects should adopt a CHANS approach so the focus is not just on landscape , but “ human- nature interaction . ”
The long - term ecological and socio-economic benefits must go beyond landscape .
This is part two in a three - part series on the “ Designing Wildlife Habitats ” symposium held at Dumbarton Oaks in Washington , D.C. Read part one , “ Designing for the Full Range of Biodiversity , ” and part three , “ Recreating Wildlife Habitat in Cities . ”
Image credit : ASLA 2010 Honor Award , Orongo Station Conservation Master Plan , Poverty Bay , North Island , New Zealand .
Nelson Byrd Woltz Landscape Architects
Today , world leaders at this year ’s virtual United Nations General Assembly have a chance to recognize and help neutralize this threat during a high - level event on gender equality and empowering women and girls .
Sport
Sport1
Donny van de Beek ist Manchester Uniteds bisheriger Top - Transfer dieses Sommers .
Für 39 Mio. Euro kam der Niederländer von Ajax Amsterdam und unterschrieb einen Fünfjahresvertrag bei den Red Devils .
Doch bisher war seine Spielzeit eher begrenzt .
In der Premier League kommt der 23 - Jährige nur auf 23 Spielminuten in den ersten beiden Partien .
Im Carabao Cup durfte er zwar starten , aber trotzdem entspricht seine bisherige Spielzeit nicht dem , was sich sein Berater Sjaak Swart vorgestellt hatte .
Jetzt echauffierte sich Swart öffentlich über die Situation seines Schützlings : " Ich könnte das nicht , reinkommen mit nur noch vier Minuten auf der Uhr. Mich müsstest du auf der Bank lassen . " , sagte der ehemalige Ajax - Spieler dem niederländischen Portal VoetbalPrimeur .
Berater : United hätte 7:1 verlieren müssenDie bisherigen Leistungen van de Beeks sind eigentlich beste Werbung für eine Startelfnominierung .
Bei seinem Kurzeinsatz gegen Crystal Palace erzielte er den zwischenzeitlichen 2:1 Anschlusstreffer und nach seiner Einwechslung gegen Brighton holte er den entscheidenden Elfmeter raus .
Sein Berater ist indes erstaunt von den schwachen Auftritten des Rekordmeisters : " Er hat gut gespielt in den wenigen Minuten , aber normalerweise hätten sie 7:1 verlieren müssen .
Brighton hat fünfmal Pfosten oder Latte getroffen .
Sie haben auch ein gutes Team , aber das sollte Manchester United nicht passieren .
"
Am Mittwochabend bietet sich für Ole Gunnar Solskjaer die nächste Möglichkeit , seinem Top - Neuzugang Spielzeit zu gewähren , wenn die Red Devils im Achtelfinale des League Cups erneut bei Brighton zu Gast sind .
COLUMBUS , Ohio —
The Ohio House passed “ sexting ” legislation yesterday that prohibits minors from using a telecommunications device to send nude material to another minor .
The bill also says that children would not have to register as sex offenders if committing a sexting offense .
The ban on the practice that passed by an 86 - 12 vote on Wednesday said minors cannot post , forward , receive or possess photographs , video or other material that shows them or another minor in a state of nudity .
The bill must still be approved by the Ohio Senate before becoming law .
Those who support the measure said it is needed to protect minors from serious adult child pornography charges if they share nude pictures of themselves or classmates using cell phones , e-mail or websites such as Facebook .
The new legislation would send young sexting offenders to juvenile court for punishment that would not include jail .
The Ohio move is a step in the right direction according to 1st Amendment attorney Lawrence Walters .
Walters told XBIZ that Ohio is recognizing that sexting is occurring in high schools at a fairly frequent level and children ca n’t be prosecuted as criminals .
“ Ohio , along with other states is adopting specific laws that take sexting out of the realm of child pornography , creating a new offense that according to reports only punishes sexting minors as committing unruly or delinquent acts — not crimes . ”
The attorney noted that this then makes the offense a misdemeanor and would not levy a five - year prison sentence and sex offender label on a minor .
“ Ohio is recognizing that kids are in a different category as opposed to adults who are committing child pornography crimes , ” Walters said .
The actor John Malkovich is seeking to recover $ 2.3 m ( £ 1.5 m ) from the account he had with the securities firm of disgraced financier Bernard Madoff , imprisoned last year for engineering a huge fraud .
Lawyers for the Hollywood star have filed a claim in court after being told by the trustee overseeing the bankruptcy of the financier that he would get back only the $ 670,000 that he invested in the account .
Malkovich is arguing that he should get the value of his investments as they were recorded in his final statement from Madoff , in November 2008 , before the scandal erupted .
But the trustee , Irving Picard , has told the actor that he was not entitled to the full amount because no securities were actually purchased for his account , and that the approved claim reflects the amount that he deposited with Madoff 's firm .
The 56 - year - old star of films including Burn After Reading and Dangerous Liaisons , is among thousands of investors who lost billions of dollars in the so - called Ponzi scheme run by Madoff for decades , which fell apart when he admitted in December 2008 that he had run out of money and that the company had been " one big lie " .
Other celebrity victims included actor Kevin Bacon , CNN interviewer Larry King and the charitable foundation of director Steven Spielberg .
He was charged with defrauding his investors of $ 65bn and in June last year sent to prison for 150 years after pleading guilty .
Thousands of investors have complained about Picard 's method of calculating what they are owed based on their deposits , rather than the final statements .
Picard argues that basing payments on the final statements would allow Madoff to decide who gets what and include profits from trades that never happened .
In the papers filed with a New York bankruptcy court , Malkovich 's lawyers argue ; " The trustee 's determination assumes that Bernard Madoff never earned funds and therefore all gains reported to customers were fictitious .
This assumption is contrary to fact .
There is significant evidence that , at some time , BMIS [ Bernad Madoff Investment Securities ] was at least in part a legitimate business and therefore all or a portion of the gains were not fictitious . "
Donovan McNabb has to be getting used to being dismissed by his one - time go - to receivers by now , right ?
DeSean Jackson is the latest receiver to belittle McNabb 's contributions to the Philadelphia Eagles , telling The Sporting News he was " very happy with the decision " by the Eagles to trade McNabb to the Washington Redskins last month .
Jackson also said : " I do n't think we lost anything , even with McNabb being gone . "
On Saturday , McNabb took the high road in responding to Jackson 's comments .
" It 's so wild when people get to talking when you 're not there ,
but when you 're there everybody loves you , " McNabb said .
" So I guess people will go deeper into it than I will .
I 'm a Redskin , no
longer an Eagle .
I had 11 great years and I 'm moving on with my
life , so whoever may say things when I 'm gone , more power to them ,
but it 's not making you look like a bigger man . "
When it comes down to size , the 11.6 - inch ExoPC Slate fits right in between the 12.1 - inch JooJoo and the 9.7 - inch iPad .
And though it 's better held in two hands , it 's still just as thin and light as Apple 's tablet .
Overall , we were quite taken with the build quality of the prototype device we saw , and the fact that it manages to make room for two USB ports , an SD card slot and an HDMI out .
There 's also a VGA webcam along the top bezel .
Internally , the tablet packs an 1.6GHz Intel Atom N450 processor , 2GB of RAM and a 32 GB SSD .
On top of all that , the Slate promises full 1080 p playback thanks to its Broadcom Crystal HD chip .
While our experience with the HD solution has been flaky at best , we did witness a high - def clip play smoothly on the screen .
But the hardware and specs of the ExoPC are n't what impressed us the most about the tablet .
Nope , the capacitive touchscreen and the custom software layer on top of Windows 7 stole the show .
While we found the 1366 x 768 - resolution screen to be super reflective and ridden with poor viewing angles , it was extremely responsive to light taps , swipes and multitouch gestures within Windows 7 Ultimate and ExoPC 's own UI .
And the latter is just the sort of thing we have been looking for in a Windows 7 slate .
We 've taken to calling it the Connect Four interface , but regardless of what ExoPC officially calls it , the Win 7 layer is incredibly unique and simple to navigate with a finger .
Each of the circles can be customized to contain a different program or website shortcut and there are added setting controls along the peripheries .
The video demo should speak for itself , but after just a few minutes of playing around with the device we had gotten the hang of closing apps by dragging them to the side and getting back to the main menu .
Interestingly , the ExoPC guys are n't just relying on regular Windows applications -- they have created polished , touch - friendly e-book , music and photo gallery programs .
They 're also working with other developers to create an app store .
However , those that prefer a standard Windows 7 tablet experience wo n't be disappointed -- you can easily get back to the OS and they plan to ship it with a stylus for navigating menus / handwriting input .
Here 's where we'd love to tell you the wait is over , but unfortunately it is n't .
ExoPC has a ways to go in terms of working on the LCD quality and the UI integration , but promises that the tablet should be ready by early September for $ 599 .
Of course , we 'll believe that when we see it , but at least we 're one step closer to knowing that there are some very solid and innovative Windows 7 - based tablets out there .
Update : Our bad for not mentioning the promised battery life .
According to ExoPC , the two - cell battery should last five hours on a single charge , but a bit longer when playing video using the Broadcom card .
We 'd say that we 're probably looking at more like three hours with WiFi on , but we wo n't know until we actually get to test it .
Renewing your driver 's license can be a pain in the butt these days , but the task has caused quite a stir for one Florida woman .
Ashlee Lineberger of Englewood recently mailed in her $ 48 renewal fee for a new license and when she got her new state - issued ID back in the mail , she noticed that she was no longer from Englewood .
The license said she lived in " Eat Ass , " Florida .
We 're still looking for it on the map .
" I only looked at it because I wondered what picture they would use , " 31 - year - old Lineberger said .
" I thought I was a dreaming and I literally pinched myself .
I was completely shocked . "
The line that was supposed to display Lineberger 's street address was replaced by the vulgar message and the state Department of Motor Vehicles has no clue how the mishap occurred .
Lineberger 's husband , Charles , said after getting the run around on the phone with the state DMV , the couple went to the local DMV to get some answers .
What they got was laughter and a quote for another fee if they wanted the license fixed .
" They thought it was hilarious like it was some kind of joke , " he said .
" Then they wanted us to pay for another license . "
On Wednesday , state officials contacted Lineberger to apologize for the error and told her a new license - free of charge - would be in the mail .
But she still does n't have an answer to how she got the new address .
" It makes you wonder what these people are doing with all of this vital information if they can play around with a license like that , " said Lineberger , who will be doing all her transactions in person from now on .
" My view has changed that 's for sure .
You trust these people because they work for the government but somebody is obviously not doing their job . "
But the Linebergers are not without a sense of humor .
Ashlee said she plans on keeping the " Eat Ass " license even after she gets the real one .
" Imagine if I got pulled over by a cop and had to show this ID ?
I probably would n't be getting out of that ticket , " she said .
" That 's priceless . "
* Jobless Americans face another disruption in benefits
* Investment fund managers would face tax hike
* Victory for fiscal hawks as bill pared on cost worries ( Adds House passage , detail , analyst comment )
WASHINGTON , May 28 ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives on Friday passed a scaled - back economic - stimulus package of tax breaks and safety net spending that would raise taxes on fund managers and multinational corporations .
Democrats say the bill will help bring down the 9.9 percent unemployment rate , but it comes too late for hundreds of thousands of Americans who will see their jobless benefits expire starting next week .
The bill would extend benefits through November , but the Senate left town for a week - long break without taking action .
Democrats aim to restore the payments when they return the week of June 7 .
But the unemployed also face a permanent loss of health - care subsidies , which were stripped out of the bill to win the support of cost - conscious moderates .
Congressional wrangling has delayed jobless benefits at least four times in the past year .
Democrats say they will restore the benefits when they return in early June .
The bill passed 215 to 204 , largely along party lines .
At least 33 Democrats voted against it , and one Republican voted for it .
The delay until a Senate vote also gives Wall Street fund managers more time to try to weaken a provision to tax their earnings at regular income rates rather than lower capital - gains rates .
In a separate bill , the House voted 245 to 171 to postpone a scheduled pay cut for doctors under the Medicare health - insurance program , a delay that would cost $ 23 billion .
With November ’s congressional elections looming , Democrats who control Congress face conflicting pressures to reduce the 9.9 percent unemployment rate and close the budget deficit , which hit a record $ 1.4 trillion last year .
At the beginning of the year , Democrats said job creation would be their top priority , but they have shown little appetite for ambitious measures such as last year ’s $ 863 billion stimulus package .
Republican Representative Mike Pence called the bill “ another last - minute , patched - up - together , hodgepodge to say they ’re working on jobs . ”
He said broad tax cuts would do a better job of stimulating the economy .
FISCAL HAWKS
Democratic leaders trimmed the bill several times to satisfy fiscal hawks in their own ranks who balked at its cost .
Most recently , they stripped out $ 30 billion in health - care subsidies for unemployed people and aid to cash - strapped states , and spun off the doctors ’ money into a separate vote .
“ This is a real victory for the moderates , ” said Democratic Representative Dutch Ruppersberger .
“ Our country is weakened by the deficit . ”
Combined , the two bills would add $ 54 billion to the deficit over 10 years -- a sharp drop from the original version that would have increased it by $ 134 billion .
The bill would extend unemployment benefits through the end of November .
It includes other job - creation measures , such as construction subsidies and a summer - jobs program for students .
The bill also renews a grab bag of tax breaks that expired at the end of 2009 , such as a research - and - development credit for businesses .
To offset some of these costs , the bill tightens tax rules on multinational corporations and oil companies .
Democrats say it would close a loophole that encourages U.S. businesses to move operations out of the country .
“ Can you believe that we have a tax policy that enables offshoring ? ” said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
“ It ’s not right , it will be corrected today . ”
The bill would boost the amount that oil companies pay into a trust fund to cover economic damages from oil spills to 34 cents per barrel , up from 8 cents per barrel .
Republicans said those tighter tax rules would harm employers and undercut the bill ’s job - creation efforts .
The tax breaks will expire again at the end of 2010 but the tax increases are permanent , noted Representative Dave Camp , the top Republican on the tax - writing Ways and Means Committee .
The bill would raise $ 18 billion by targeting managers of private - equity , venture - capital , real - estate and hedge funds , amid widespread public outrage at Wall Street .
Fund managers pay a long - term capital gains rate of only 15 percent on the share of profits they retain , rather than the income - tax rate that tops out at 35 percent .
Fund managers typically hold onto 20 percent of profits , which can amount to millions of dollars in a good year .
The bill would treat 75 percent of those profits as ordinary income .
Until 2013 , 50 percent of the profits would be treated as ordinary income .
Some Democrats in the Senate aim to water down that provision , further complicating the broader bill ’s chances for passage in its current form .
“ Everybody still seems to be nervous about it , ” said Steven Schneider , a lawyer who works with real estate funds and developers opposing the tax .
“ I do n’t think one week off ends the battle . ”
Surprise , surprise .
According to Channel 4's political editor , Gary Gibbon , none other than Rupert Murdoch visited Downing Street on Tuesday .
He supposedly arrived without fanfare " up the back stairs into No 10 . "
Gibbon reminds us that during one of his TV interviews in the campaign , David Cameron was asked - by Adam Boulton of Sky News , no less - whether the Tory leader would be able to resist the power of Murdoch .
Gibbon writes : " He said ' of course ' if my memory serves . "
We , and the BBC and Ofcom , shall see .
Source : Channel 4 blog
HTML5 + JavaScript Canvas Demo by Kevin Roast - follow me on Twitter
L-Systems , or Lindenmayer System is a simple but elegant ' turtle ' rendering platform .
The recursive nature of the L - system rules leads to self - similarity and thereby fractal - like forms which are easy to describe with an L - system .
Plant models and natural - looking organic forms ' grow ' and becomes more complex by increasing the iteration level of the form .
Click on the Examples to view some example and famous L - System patterns .
Once introduced into a home , bedbugs can crawl into adjoining apartments or hitch a ride to another part of town in the cuff of a pant leg .
" Anyone who stays in a hotel , rich or poor , can bring them home in a suitcase , " said Richard Kourbage , whose company , Kingsway Exterminating in Brooklyn , does about a dozen bedbug jobs a day .
" Some of the best hotels in New York have them . "
Unlike mice and roaches , which are abetted by filthy surroundings , bedbugs do just fine in a well - scrubbed home , although bedroom clutter gives them more places to hide and breed .
When engorged with blood , they grow slightly plumper than the O on this page , although the nymphs , which appear almost translucent before their first meal , are not much bigger than the period at the end of this sentence .
And they do n't dwell just in mattresses and box springs : any wall or floor crack the thickness of a playing card can accommodate a bedbug .
Although some people try to treat the problem themselves , most hire exterminators , at $ 300 per room .
The modern bedbug is immune to hardware - store - variety insecticides , and setting off a cockroach bomb in the bedroom will only scatter them farther afield .
And because they are active only at night , many people do n't discover them until their population has grown into the hundreds , or even thousands .
Exterminators recommend bagging and washing every bit of clothing and fabric in the room and taking apart bureau drawers and bed frames in preparation for the application of four kinds of chemicals .
The process often needs to be repeated .
Worst of all , bedbug sufferers say , is the stigma of living with an insect that feeds on blood -- though it does not transmit disease -- and leaves behind a trail of red bumps that many dermatologists mistakenly identify as hives or scabies .
