A massive police blitz in Auckland over the past four days concluded last night with 129 people facing drink - driving charges .
Road policing manager Inspector Gavin Macdonald said about 40,000 drivers were breath tested during Operation Safer Roads , where checkpoints were set up around the region , catching some suburban residents by surprise .
Police impounded 17 vehicles and suspended 34 people 's driving licences after they returned readings of more than 650 micrograms of alcohol per litre of breath .
The legal limit is 400mcg .
Court bailiffs were also involved in the operation , seizing an additional 12 vehicles and collecting $ 3000 in cash for outstanding fines .
Mr Macdonald said 13 people were also arrested for offences including receiving stolen property , unlawfully taking vehicles , driving while disqualified and breaching bail conditions .
He said it was concerning to see how many people still thought it was alright to drive whilst intoxicated .
" One offender actually complained after being stopped that the police had changed the location of a checkpoint whilst he had been drinking at the pub . "
The man admitted to having received a text message from a friend telling him which way to travel home to avoid being detected .
Mr Macdonald said drink - driving was no joke and that police and the community had had enough of irresponsible behaviour by intoxicated drivers .
The mission 's objective was to map the resources of the Moon India has abandoned its inaugural Moon mission , 10 months after it was launched .
Science writer Pallava Bagla examines the mission 's performance .
So was India 's inaugural Chandrayaan - 1 Moon mission a success or a failure ?
Neither .
By all accounts , it has been a mixed performance .
Also , a definitive answer is not easy to give - it is possibly as grey as the surface of the Moon .
This was an expensive scientific experiment with many objectives and conducted in full public glare .
Most engineering goals have been fulfilled , but pious promises to deliver " good science " from the mission are still to be met .
Big achievement India launched its $ 100 m unmanned spacecraft on 22 October 2008 from Sriharikota on the coast of the Bay of Bengal .
First , the spacecraft designed and built by the Indian Space Research Organisation ( Isro ) survived huge odds and successfully reached the Moon 's orbit .
This in itself was a big achievement since neither Russia nor America succeeded in their maiden attempts ; and there were several failures even before they got anywhere near the Moon .
So did India ride on the shoulders of earlier successes ?
Certainly not , since the know - how and technologies to go to the Moon are just not available for the asking .
Each nation has to learn on its own .
India experimented and did that with complete success .
The only other country to have managed a similar maiden feat was China - its mission Chang 'e - 1 in 2007 lasted 16 months in space , according to the Chinese National Space Administration .
The Indian mission survived for about 10 months in space ; most other missions to the Moon have been much more short - lived .
So did the Indian space agency , in its naivety , over - stretch and over - estimate the craft 's life when it planned for a 24 - month mission ?
The mission lasted 10 months in space Possibly .
The answer may emerge in the findings of the " failure analysis committee " that Isro has put in place after this debacle .
Despite being dubbed by Isro as an " engineering success " , the mission had a rough ride around the Moon .
A fuel leak from the rocket almost aborted its lift - off .
Within days of reaching the Moon , a power system failed , and a back - up system had to be activated .
Soon , the spacecraft started overheating due to the intense heat on the Moon .
Isro scientists say it was deft mission management that saved it from a total burnout .
A few months into the mission the spacecraft lost its fine guidance system when the onboard " star sensor " packed up in the intense radiation around the Moon .
But , every time an instrument on this 1,380 kg robot gave way , mission controllers at Isro found an innovative solution to keep the mission alive .
Finally on 29 August 2009 , the space agency lost all contact with Chandrayaan after a catastrophic failure - possibly in its power supply system .
A day later , the mission was " terminated " , although Isro chief G Madhavan Nair declared it had been a " complete success " .
' Two - in - one mission '
The Indian mission was in certain respects much more challenging than the Chinese maiden lunar mission which was a simple national orbiter .
Chandrayaan - 1 was literally a two - in - one mission , since the main satellite was to orbit at 100 km above the Moon and then a tiny gadget the size of a computer monitor was to attempt a " landing " on the Moon 's surface .
The mission did this on 14 November 2008 .
No nation to date had succeeded in both a lunar orbiter and an impactor at the first attempt .
Mr Nair says the mission is a ' complete success ' ( Photo : Pallava Bagla )
This was more than an experiment .
It was also a brave global geo-political statement since the probe that crash - landed on the Moon also permanently placed India 's flag on the lunar surface .
India became the fourth space bloc to have done this after Russia , America and the European Space Agency .
This is hugely significant because , if ever the Moon 's resources are to be divided , India 's rightful share can be claimed having achieved what others have not been able to do .
There are many other firsts to this mission .
In a highly un-Indian trait , the Indian space agency delivered the Moon mission with no cost or time overrun at $ 100 m and within eight years of it first being suggested .
The spacecraft carried 11 different sophisticated instruments , one of the largest suites of experiments ever carried to the Moon .
The objective was to remotely map the resources of the Moon , prepare a three - dimensional atlas of it and look for water .
All instruments worked for about 10 months in the hostile lunar environment .
Dr Nair calls it a " more than 100 % success of Indian technology " .
India also created a new model of international partnership .
Chandrayaan peered into the deepest craters searching for water
On its own initiative , India announced that it would be happy to piggyback instruments from global partners .
After a huge competition , six instruments sourced from the European Space Agency ( Esa ) , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( Nasa ) and Bulgaria were chosen .
Bernard Foing , the chief scientist for Space Sciences at Esa , calls the Indian mission " the first multi- continent , multi- country lunar mission ever to be undertaken " .
A little known fact is that India did not charge any money to fly these instruments 400,000 km away : all got a free ride to the Moon , merely in exchange for sharing the scientific data .
Search for water Chandrayaan - 1 was also the first and the most detailed search for water on the Moon using radars - to date , water has never been found .
A miniature American radar onboard the Chandrayaan peered into the Moon 's deepest craters searching for " water ice " .
The Moon 's surface is so parched that scientists feel the only location where water could exist would be in the permanently shadowed craters on the lunar poles .
But these are so deep and dark that sunlight never reaches them - hence the only way to peep inside is to send a radar signal down into them .
The global collaborative team of the mission is very excited about the findings .
" Never seen before images of the permanently shadowed craters of the Moon have been captured , " says Paul D Spudis , of the Lunar and Planetary Institute , Houston , US , and principal investigator of the payload sent to search for water .
" The new radar images are not only visually arresting , but they will be extremely useful in unravelling the complex geological history of the Moon as a whole , " he says .
Other scientific reports on findings are in the offing .
But unless the results are published , questions will continue to be asked about whether the mission fulfilled its exalted scientific objectives .
The termination of the Moon mission will , however , not affect India 's plans in space .
The country is already planning a second mission to the Moon , Chandrayaan - 2 , with Russian collaboration in 2011 - 12 ; a mission to an asteroid ; an unmanned mission to Mars in 2013 and a human spaceflight in 2015 .
Upbeat Isro scientists are saying " Chandrayaan - 1 is dead , long live Chandrayaan " .
The jury will be out - until the scientific papers come in .
Pallava Bagla is the Science editor for New Delhi Television ( NDTV ) and author of Destination Moon - India 's quest for Moon , Mars and Beyond .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why Sean Hannity leaked photos of himself with hookers on purpose - ANSWERED !!!
September 18 , 2009
Hooker on Hannity : “ he has been gladly paying good money for really raunchy sex with women he barely knows since well before 1990 . ”
LAS VEGAS , NEVADA – An anonymous source close to FoxNews told Unreasonably Safe Reporter the pictures circulating on the internet of Sean Hannity posing with prostitutes were actually leaked by Hannity himself .
The source is also claiming that he actually did this to distance himself from the Glenn Beck rape controversy .
The well publicized allegations that Beck raped a woman in 1990 has started to catch the attention of the mainstream media .
They have been dumbfounded by the same question concerned citizens have yet to get an answer on - ‘ If Glenn Beck did n’t rape a woman in 1990 , why has n’t he denied the allegations . ’
Despite the growing concerns of citizens nationwide , Beck , Hannity and the rest of the FoxNews crew have remained mysteriously silent on the issue .
That is until today , when the photos of Hannity carousing with prostitutes mysteriously began surfacing on the internet .
Apparently , the release of the photos was in response to the recent allegations that Hannity might have had a part in covering up Beck ’s rape controversy .
Rather than be dragged down by Beck ’s problems , Hannity got out in front of the issue and released these pics himself in the hopes of creating a diversion , while also giving himself the opportunity to get his side of the story out before the liberal media was able to spin it .
The message Hannity is putting out there is simple , “ While it may be true that I used to be a whore monger , I at least paid for sex in 1990 . ”
More importantly , the photo leak effectively accomplishes two things .
First it distances him from Beck and his rape controversy by creating his own quasi - controversy for people to focus on .
Secondly , it serves to create a pretty rock - solid defense .
Which is : ‘ Sure , I used to squander hundreds of thousands of dollars a year on prostitutes , but that does n’t mean I have a deep seated hatred of consensual sex .
It simply means I used to have a deap seated hatred of non-transactional consensual sex . ‘
According to Wanda Cyprian , a schedule coordinator at the Bunny brothel - “ Sean was no stranger to the Bunny , he was actually one of our most valued customers , right behind Charlie Sheen , Michael Douglas and Billy Mays , you know the guy with the beard from those infomercials who OD ’d on coke . ”
Cyprian went on to say : “ I ’ve gotten to know Sean pretty well over the past couple of years , and I can honestly say - yes , the man had an insatiable thirst for paying top dollar for raunchy sexual services - however , that does n’t mean he might have been a rapist in 1990 , or a co-conspirator to a rape in 1990 . ”
She also said the reality of his recovery from his legalized prostitution addiction , “ has been kind of bitter sweet you know , because on one hand we lost one fourth of our yearly revenue - boom !
gone in one shot , but on the other hand I ’m happy to see that he ’s recovered and is leading what appears to be a normal life free of hookers . ”
This is an interesting twist in the Glenn Beck alleged rape in 1990 saga and leaves us with only one real question , which unfortunately can only be answered by Hannity himself : WHY RELEASE THE PICS NOW ? . . . .
There could only be one logical explanation .
Hannity must have learned of something that lead him to believe there might be some truth to the allegations Beck raped a woman in 1990 .
Why else would Beck ’s own colleague abandon him at a time like this ?
What made Hannity come forward with information that proves he is n’t the morally perfect guy he holds himself out to be .
Why did he opt to damage his own reputation by revealing that he used to be a first class whore monger with an uncontrollable need to pay for sex ?
Why else would he admit to spending a whopping $ 1.4 million on prostitutes in a nine year period if he did n’t know something about Beck ’s alleged rape scandal ?
What does Hannity know that he ’s not telling us ?
These are questions that only Hannity could answer – we just have to hope he comes forward with some real answers sooner rather than later ..
Related assortment of words …
Also check out …
Joe Biden really proud of Obama ’s much improved penmanship
Palin ’s Publisher unhappy with her Disturbingly Graphic and Vulgar Memoir
Lou Dobbs to divorce wife after finding out she ’s Mexican
Top 25 No Shit Sherlock - Obvious Headlines
Joe Wilson yelled “ You lie ! ” during Obama ’s speech on a dare
Obama ’s speech to schools results in many children now claiming : “ Communism is the best ! ! ”
20 Stupidest Protester Signs
Glenn Beck ’s crappy new sponsors
Awesomest Obama Paintings Ever
Glenn Beck ’s AA sponsor decides to drop him too , but not because he ’s a racist
id Software 's interest in iPhone games may have started out with the the company testing the waters , but moving forward the company plans to develop three lines of games for the platform .
Advertisement
The first is the classics line which includes Wolfenstein 3D , which will be getting the ability to download user created levels in a future update .
Next for that line will be Doom 3D , which John Carmack said will support local wifi multiplayer .
Carmack said during today 's Quakecon press conference , that future classics coming to the iPhone will include Quake II , Quake Arena and even , potentially , Doom 3 .
The second line of titles are role - playing games like Wolfenstein RPG , which just hit the iPhone .
Advertisement
The third line of games headed for the iPhone are titles designed from the ground up for the Apple device .
That includes , Carmack , a Rage - themed game , perhaps a racer .
Carmack said that he believes that Rage game engine Id Tech 5 can run on the iPhone 3Gs
" Potentially that 's eight iPhone titles , " Carmack said .
" I would expect an iPhone title from id every other month and that 's going to be neat . "
It is an obscure art of Wall Street , a technique that gives a scattering of traders an edge over everyone else  and the Securities and Exchange Commission wants to stamp it out .
The S.E.C. on Thursday proposed banning what are known as flash orders , which use powerful computers to glimpse at investors ’ orders .
The practice is often associated with a controversial corner of finance called high - frequency trading , which has grown , largely hidden from view , into a potent force in the markets .
The proposed ban was announced on the same day that the S.E.C. put forward new rules for credit ratings agencies , which were widely criticized for their role in the financial crisis .
Together , the moves telegraphed a tougher line from the commission after a series of prominent missteps , including its failure to spot the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by Bernard L. Madoff .
Critics say flash orders favor sophisticated , fast - moving traders at the expense of slower market participants .
Using lightning - quick computers , high - frequency traders often issue and then cancel orders almost simultaneously and get an early peek at how others are trading .
What NOT to Put in the Bin Ever wondered if that greasy paper plate could go in ...
Marisa McNatt
" We knocked the bastard off , " screamed Adam Turnbull when he arrived at Mana Marina late yesterday afternoon .
It was not quite Mt Everest , but the crossing of Cook Strait by Adam and his partner in crime , Dan Melling , has to " rate right up there " , said friend Kevin Norman as the pair 's vehicle , Roofliss , entered its name in the record books as the first amphibious van to cross the treacherous stretch of water .
The lad 's epic journey began at 6 am at Waikawa Bay Marina .
BLAIR ENSOR / Marlborough Express VAN -CY A TRIP : Adam Turnbull and Dan Melling yesterday crossed Cook Strait in their amphibious van called Roofliss .
With Metallica pumping and a shriek from Adam , " Please , God , help me " , the black Toyota Town
Ace rolled into the marina 's murky water under the cover of darkness .
" We 'll see you in the strait , " Adam shouted to the support crew .
By 6.27 am , each had their first beer in hand and breakfast was being prepared .
" Mint mate ... we might have a sneaky pie heated on the exhaust . "
The calm of Queen Charlotte Sound was broken about 6.45 am , as the InterIslander ferry ploughed by .
The van pirates gave a two - fingered salute and soldiered on .
At about 8 am , Dan made a Fathers '
Day phone call to Peter Melling , who later had a bottle of wine delivered to him .
" It was pretty brilliant ... what a Father 's Day pressie , " said Mr Melling , who was on hand to meet the pair at Mana .
" They [ Dan and Adam ] are a bit off the planet , but they 're pretty intelligent and responsible . "
By 8.25 am , the pair 's pies had heated , their toilet , out of one of the van 's windows was in use , and the 65 - kilometre journey to Mana Marina was looking quite plausible .
" I do n't know what everyone 's been going on about , " said Dan .
" It 's nice and smooth and dry . "
However , at 9.15 am , things took a turn for the worse when the engine suddenly cut out .
" It 's alright " , shouted Dan .
He ducked into the cabin , stuck his head out the window and , with a spanner in hand , announced that a lead from the battery had come loose .
" The heart 's definitely beating now , " said Adam .
About 10.20 am , the van emerged from the northern entrance of the Marlborough Sounds and met the initial chop of the strait head on .
Waves pushed over the bow as the vessel , at times , broached .
The pair bailed the van out using a bucket , but never looked fazed , and the van sailed on in near perfect conditions .
They passed The Brothers islands soon after , and a small pod of dolphins escorted the van briefly out into the middle of Cook Strait .
" They probably have n't seen mag wheels before , " joked Dan .
About halfway across the strait , the van struck another problem when the support boat caught " the big one " .
A lure the 30 - foot ( 9 - metre ) support launch had been trawling out the back narrowly missed tangling in the van 's propeller and latched on to the polystyrene undercarriage .
Dan , hanging out the van 's window , managed to sever the line .
As the North Island drew near , support boat skipper Jimma Dillon could n't believe what he had witnessed .
" I just love it , " he said .
" I can't believe how it [ Roofliss ] has handled .
" It is actually rolling less than this boat is .
" It seems as stable as can be .
It 's proved itself , " he said .
" I think it shows real Kiwi ingenuity and spirit at its best .
" I do think there are a shortage of people like that in New Zealand . "
At 3.45 pm , the amphibious vessel entered Mana Marina , nine hours and 45 minutes after leaving Waikawa .
The lads were met by a crowd of about 200 people , who greeted them with a heroes ' welcome as the van drove unscathed out of the water .
" We are definitely pretty stoked .
It [ the crossing ] has got to be up there .
She 's pretty high in New Zealand achievements , " said Dan .
" We made it and we did n't sink and we did n't get eaten by sharks .
" We had life jackets , but we did n't need them because it was such a seaworthy craft , " said Adam .
Their message for the youth of today : " Get off the Playstation and go and turn something into something stupid , " Dan said .
The paperback book can ordered from Amazon for $ 19.95 , or from Amazon UK for £ 13.95 or through any retail store by the title " Computer Repair with Diagnostic Flowcharts Third Edition " or ISBN 0972380183 .
Boot Failure Troubleshooting Poster ( 30 " x 30 " printable PDF ) .
Zoom to 100 % after it opens or you 'll barely be able to read it !
Poster not for sale , but you are authorized to print a copy for personal or classroom use .
To print at full size requires an " E " size plotter or a large copy shop printer .
My local copy shop charged $ 7.00 to print a copy .
Computer Repair with Diagnostic Flowcharts Third Edition : Troubleshooting PC Hardware Problems from Boot Failure to Poor Performance , is not for absolute beginners , as you can see from looking at any of the diagnostic charts .
There are no photo - illustrations in the book , no history , nor explanations of basic computer part functions , like " What 's a hard drive ? "
The focus of the book is teaching a structured approach to PC repair .
The intended audience is hobbyists who already have some experience repairing computers or beginning computer technicians .
The book has been adopted as a class text in several technical colleges and vocational training programs .
The PC diagnostics apply to ATX computers , which displaced the old AT standard beginning in the mid-90's .
Although I included a few " live power " troubleshooting procedures for advanced techs with their insurance all paid up , the rule for ATX systems is to unplug the power supply before working in the case .
The general approach in the diagnostic flowcharts is to try to push parts swapping off until the end , so that readers without a large stock of spare parts will have a chance to fix the problem without spending money .
Flowchart critics please note that my main design approach was to avoid crossed lines , which I believe make flowcharts useless .
Computer Repair with Diagnostic Flowcharts | Foner Books Home
WASHINGTON , Sept. 6 ( UPI ) -- U.S. President Barack Obama 's leadership is being tested as his poll numbers dip and his supporters question his commitment to fight for them , analysts say .
Dozens of interviews this summer in six states conducted by The Washington Post and published Sunday revealed a growing sense of gloom and disappointment by the president 's supporters over his administration 's present course , especially coming after an August congressional recess dominated by angry attacks from opponents of his healthcare reform agenda .
Advertisement
Many say his fundamental approach of reaching out to Republicans to find bipartisan consensus on contentious issues is n't working and that his strategy of allowing Congress to work out compromises is failing , contending that a more forceful Obama presence is needed to regain political momentum from his vocal critics , the Post said .
" Until last week , he was still trying to play ball with the Republicans who said , ' We 're going to bring you down , ' " Karen Davis , 42 , a Jersey City , N.J. , musician who raised funds for Obama last year , told the newspaper .
" Now I 'm thinking , ' This is n't what I voted for . ' "
Freshman Democratic Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida said Obama needs " to not only combat the lies , but to combat the liars . "
If you ever wondered how the US economy could create new jobs to replace old ones lost , check out the chart below .
Back in 1850 , farming employed over 50 % of the population .
Today , it employs only a tiny fraction of Americans , even as the variety and quality of our food choices has substantially improved .
US manufacturing tells a similar story , though at an earlier stage .
America produces more using far less people , and this progression away from manual labor is likely to continue .
While Americans ' individual work dislocations should be managed to reduce suffering , a read of history should make us optimistic about this process over the long haul .
Male employment in blue , female in red .
You can break the data down into further detail via the the awesome chart found here >
In April The Pirate Bay Four were sentenced to a year in prison , and on top of that each of them was ordered to pay the entertainment industry $ 905,000 in damages .
The defendants soon announced that they would appeal , and the date for the new trial has been set for November by the Appeal Court .
Millions of BitTorrent users all around the world followed the Pirate Bay trial with great interest this February .
Many had hoped that the Court would decide that operating a BitTorrent tracker is no offense , and indeed the ten day trial started off with a small victory for the defendants .
On day two of the trial the prosecutor announced that half of the charges against the four defendants had been dropped .
The prosecutor could n’t prove that the .torrent files that were submitted as evidence actually used The Pirate Bay ’s tracker , and he had to let go of all charges that accused the Pirate Bay folks of ‘ assisting copyright infringement ’ .
What remained is the claim that they were ‘ assisting in making copyright content available ’ .
The prosecution argued that this was indeed the case and brought in screenshots of websites and torrent files in as evidence , and the judge agreed with this assessment .
On April 17th all four defendants were found guilty and sentenced to one year in prison and a fine of $ 905,000 to cover the entertainment industry ’s damages .
Despite this verdict The Pirate Bay continued to operate while the defense filed for an appeal .
For a while it looked like there could even be a retrial instead of an appeal , since judge Tomas Norström was involved with pro-copyright lobby groups and never declared these activities before he took on the case .
The Appeal Court investigated the bias issue and ruled that the judge ’s ties to these groups did not influence his judgment .
Instead of a retrial there will be an appeal , and the Court announced this week that it has two weeks set aside for the case starting November 9 .
The defense team is not happy with the dates , and Peter Sunde – one of the defendants – told TorrentFreak that the defense team will try to get the appeal date postponed because several of the people involved have other obligations .
The appeal will be handled by judge Ulrika Ihrfelt who was previously removed from the bias investigation of Pirate Bay judge Tomas Norström , because she was linked to pro-copyright groups herself .
Nevertheless , handling the appeal does n’t seem to be a problem .
This is guaranteed to cause some controversy in the months to come .
There ’s a reason why the Chinese are ascendant while America is in decline .
Because the Chinese walk upright and are n’t afraid to apply justice to the pigs who are ruining their country ; while at the same time , Americans bow and scrape to the same people who loot them , dreaming like peasants of the day they can become Donald Trump ’s “ Apprentice . ”
It ’s a grotesque role - reversal , and we ought to be ashamed .
I ’ve written about the wonderful Chinese “ Mobile Execution Bus Fleets ” as the solution to America ’s banker problem , but you folks are all too damn squeamish and worried about “ class war . ”
So while you roll over and take it as AIG announces yet another new round of bonuses stolen from your bank account , the Chinese get down to the business of executing their millionaire traitors .
Ca n’t reform ’em , folks .
Gotta put ’em down for the good of the country .
Three more big ones this week , including two put to death because they “ seriously damaged the country ’s financial regulatory order and social stability ” :
BEIJING // China has executed two people for defrauding hundreds of investors out of millions of yuan in beauty parlour , cosmetics and property scams , crimes which the government described as a serious blow to social stability .
The two executed fraudsters , Du Yimin and Si Chaxian , “ seriously damaged the country ’s financial regulatory order and social stability ” , the supreme people ’s court ruled .
But wait folks , that ’s not all .
One of the most powerful public - private officials was turned into mu-shu millionaire after getting nailed for taking millions in bribes , and more executions of top officials could be a -comin :
Former Beijing airport boss executed in China BEIJING — Leaders of China ’s elite state industries are renowned for their power , influence , and — in several recent cases — corruption .
Increasingly , they are paying the price .
On Friday , the former head of the company that runs airports in Beijing and more than 30 other Chinese cities was put to death after the People ’s Supreme Court upheld his sentence in a $ 16 million bribery and embezzlement case .
Li Peiying ’s execution came two days after word emerged that the head of China ’s nuclear power program was under investigation for alleged corruption .
Just last month , the former chairman of China ’s second - biggest oil company , Sinopec , was also convicted of taking $ 29 million in bribes and given a suspended death sentence .
The heads of state - owned enterprises “ possess power and money , making it easy to give rise to corruption , ” Wang Yukai of the China National School of Administration was quoted Friday in the Communist Party newspaper Global Times as saying .
Meanwhile , in the peasant states of America , here ’s how we mete out justice to our rich and powerful .
We hand over to them whatever they have n’t stolen already , and apologize for the delay :
Banks Paid $ 32.6 Billion in Bonuses Amid U.S. Bailout By Karen Freifeld July 30 ( Bloomberg ) — Citigroup Inc. , Merrill Lynch & Co. and seven other U.S. banks paid $ 32.6 billion in bonuses in 2008 while receiving $ 175 billion in taxpayer funds , according to a report by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo .
“ When the banks did well , their employees were paid well .
When the banks did poorly , their employees were paid well , ” Cuomo ’s office said in the 22 - page report .
“ When the banks did very poorly , they were bailed out by taxpayers and their employees were still paid well .
Bonuses and overall compensation did not vary significantly as profits diminished . ”
The top 200 bonus recipients at JPMorgan Chase & Co. received $ 1.12 billion last year , while the top 200 at Goldman received $ 995 million .
At Merrill the top 149 received $ 858 million and at Morgan Stanley , the top 101 received $ 577 million .
Those 650 people received a combined $ 3.55 billion , or an average of $ 5.46 million .
Citigroup and Merrill Lynch suffered losses of more than $ 27 billion at each firm , the report said .
Yet Citigroup paid out $ 5.33 billion and Merrill $ 3.6 billion in bonuses .
Recent photo of American taxpayers working to keep JPMorgan bankers happy .
The looting ’s still going on right in front of everyone ’s eyes .
Because no one ’s doing a damn thing .
All the rage in this country is on the rightwing –and all that rightwing rage is being used to make sure that rightwing hicks can’t afford their own health care .
They ’re literally willing to kill a liberal to make sure that that liberal does n’t give them a longer , healthier life .
But you do n’t see them storming any AIG meetings , where they ’re laughing in the hicks ’ gullible faces :
AIG Sets Aside $ 249 Million for Retention Bonus Costs By Hugh Son Aug. 7 ( Bloomberg ) — American International Group Inc. , the insurer criticized by Congress for handing out retention bonuses after its U.S. bailout , said the awards will cost the company $ 249 million in the last two quarters of this year .
The earmark includes $ 93 million for the division with AIG ’s Financial Products , the unit that sold derivatives blamed for the firm ’s near - collapse last year , the company said today in a regulatory filing .
AIG said the entire retention program will cost $ 1.09 billion , including $ 824 million already incurred through June 30 and $ 19 million for 2010 and 2011 combined .
“ The public will perceive this very poorly , ” said Frank Glassner , chief executive officer of pay consulting firm Veritas LLC .
Er , Mr. Glassner , sir , there ’s where you ’re wrong .
The public wo n’t perceive this at all .
If anything , they get a sick satisfaction from getting fleeced by the rich .
“ He noticed me enough to steal from my grandchildren !
Wow ! ”
In the ghetto mentality of today ’s America , what matters to the bottom 90 percent is making sure that the bottom 90 percent stays as miserable as they are , and no one gets out .
And ghetto it is , as the masses of Americans are getting poorer and poorer at a rate never before recorded :
American Incomes Head Down , Threatening Recovery in Spending By Shobhana Chandra Wages and salaries , which drive recoveries in spending , fell 4.7 percent in the 12 months through June , the biggest drop since records began in 1960 , according to Commerce Department figures released yesterday .
The Obama administration ’s tax cuts , extended jobless benefits and a one - time Social Security bonus have helped mask the damage done by the worst employment slump since the Great Depression .
Yeah , I can hear you yawning , “ So what ?
They ’re just Americans . ”
True , Master - san … but I still have a faint memory of a time when Americans actually minded being treated like cattle , and I can’t completely shake it .
Thinking about how low Americans have fallen , I think about something Chairman Mao said about the Hunanese people 70 years ago , which applies to Americans today :
Back in 2004 , when he was the editor of a conservative magazine at Rutgers University , James O'Keefe III mounted a satirical campaign to ban Lucky Charms cereal from campus dining halls on the premise the breakfast fare was offensive to Irish - Americans .
The operation , which included a hidden - camera video with a Rutgers dining services official , was intended to demonstrate what O'Keefe saw as the absurdity of political correctness .
Two years later , while a law student in California , the Bergen County native took on larger prey , using the same undercover tactics to expose crooked counselors at Planned Parenthood .
Now , with a string of shocking hidden - camera videos on the national group ACORN , O'Keefe has scored his biggest coup , stirring up a tempest that has resulted in a criminal investigation of ACORN employees , a denunciation of the group by the White House and congressional action to cut off millions of dollars in funding .
" The tone of my videos is unique , " said O'Keefe in a telephone interview Wednesday .
" I 'm not just reporting on something , I 'm becoming something I 'm reporting on . "
And to think , O'Keefe , 25 , had planned to spend his year studying for an MBA at Fordham .
Grad school will have to wait , said his father , James O'Keefe Jr .
" This has become his work full - time , " the elder O'Keefe said Wednesday in a telephone interview from the family 's Westwood home .
" He 's an extremely conscientious , hard - working young man , and we 're proud of him . "
The younger O'Keefe , a former Eagle Scout who graduated from Westwood High School , and a friend , 20 - year - old Hannah Giles , a journalism student at Florida International University , spent their summer traveling to ACORN offices across the nation .
The group -- formally known as the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- helps the poor seek housing help from the government and conducts voter - registration drives .
In the latter capacity , ACORN has been a lightning rod for conservatives since last year 's presidential election , when members of the group were accused of fostering voter fraud by filling out registration cards with fictitious names , with the presumed aim of helping then - Sen.
Barack Obama .
The FBI and at least 15 states are investigating the claims .
Posing as a prostitute and pimp , O'Keefe and Giles sought advice about obtaining loans for a proposed brothel , at one point dropping the fictitious nugget that they planned to use underage girls trafficked from El Salvador .
Profits from the venture , the pair said , would fund a future congressional campaign .
A camera rolled as ACORN employees in Brooklyn , Baltimore , Washington D.C. and San Bernadino , Calif. , told O'Keefe and Giles how to evade law enforcement , shield their assets from the government and win loans for their illicit endeavor .
The videos began airing last week , building outrage with each new revelation .
And he is not finished .
" I 'm still in my bunker producing more videos , " O'Keefe said .
" We 're releasing another video in San Diego right now .
I 'm focusing on doing what I do best . "
O'Keefe grew up in a household where the politics swayed toward conservative but not rigidly so , his father said .
The elder O'Keefe , 55 , is an engineer .
His wife , Deborah , 54 , is a physical therapist .
The couple also has a 23 - year - old daughter .
At Westwood High , O'Keefe favored arts and theater over sports , the father said .
He also loved to write and thought seriously about a career in journalism .
He tested the waters at Rutgers , where he studied philosophy and penned a bi-weekly column for the student newspaper , the Daily Targum .
His political writings tended to mix two flavors : biting and lofty .
One installment of his column , " Feathers of Steel , " railed against what O'Keefe perceived as a campus culture stacked against conservatives .
After leaving the Targum , O'Keefe founded The Centurion , a conservative magazine .
One of the articles in the first issue dealt with professors putting political advertising on their office doors in 2004 .
That is when he picked up a video camera in search of a story .
" I started thinking this is absurd . " he said .
" Why is it that all the doors are advertising different political candidates .
That 's the first video I ever did .
" I went to a professor and I asked him , is this really appropriate ?
And then it sort of went from there , the walk - in video reports . "
Several months later , O'Keefe and three friends experimented with the platform that 's launched him into the spotlight , using a video camera , into the office of an assistant director at Rutgers dining services and lobbying for the removal of Lucky Charms .
In the video , which can be seen on YouTube , O'Keefe calmly complains about the cereal box , which carries the image of a leprechaun .
" He 's portrayed as a green - cladded ( sic ) gnome , and as you can see ... we 're not all short , " O'Keefe says .
" We have differences of height , and we think this is stereotypical of Irish - Americans . "
Instead of laughing them out of the room , as the students expected , the employee took notes and assured them their concerns would be considered .
A Rutgers spokesman , Steve Manas , said the cereal never left the menu .
" Even them taking us seriously is a story in and of itself , " O'Keefe said .
By the time he graduated in 2006 , O'Keefe had developed a reputation as " the godfather of the conservative movement " at Rutgers , said Kyle Barry , The Centurion 's current editor - in - chief .
After Rutgers , O'Keefe spent a year with the Leadership Institute in Arlington , Va .
He trained students on " dozens " of college campuses to establish independent conservative newspapers , said the organization 's president , Morton Blackwell , before his longstanding idea to record liberal abuses became too alluring .
" He wanted to go out and catch leftists breaking the law , " Blackwell said .
" His opinion was -- and it 's certainly been borne out -- that there is an enormous amount of scandalous and illegal things going on that they were getting away with . "
O'Keefe followed his stint at the Leadership Institute with a year at UCLA Law School .
There , he and a 20 - year - old undergrad , Lila Rose , came up with the idea of testing Planned Parenthood , the nation 's largest provider of abortions .
Rose posed as a 13 - year - old girl who sought abortion counseling .
The father , she told counelors , was a 31 - year - old man .
Instead of reporting the cases to police , as required by law , the workers told Rose in taped encounters how to get an abortion .
James O'Keefe Jr. said he believes his son is changing journalism , one shocking video at a time .
" I think there 's a lesson for America here , " the father said .
" If he can make an impact like this , everybody can . "
This past weekend , we spent some time among the computer enthusiasts at the Vintage Computer Fest East , hosted by the Mid-Atlantic Retro Computing Hobbyists .
The event was a mix of things : part history lesson , part nostalgia trip , and a bit of swap meet thrown in .
All in all , it was fascinating to see some of the hardware that had been preserved in working order .
In a lot of cases , I was completely unaware that the hardware maker ever existed .
In others , there was a certain nostalgia for long - deceased platforms .
But the big surprise was probably how people had merged some of the old hardware with modern tech to create some things that were very modern .
The old big iron
One of the first stops was with Ian Primus , who just happened to be maintaining a bit of hardware called the Prime 4450 .
Although he could have easily fit inside the case , he described it as " one of the small ones . "
It came with six boards that constituted the 32 - bit CPU , and another eight to handle I /O ; the case held both a disk and tape drive .
It ran ( surprise ! ) the PrimeOS , which was a multi-user operating system that supported virtual memory .
Prime apparently died in part due to a failed merger with a CAD company called Computervision in 1992 , but according to Primus , there are a few of the systems still in use .
Ian came equipped with terminals to connect in to the Prime , but power issues were keeping him from starting things up on Saturday .
Digital Equipment , which eventually went on to produce the high - performance Alpha chip , was represented at the expo by one of its PDP - series machines , complete with tape drive and a sign warning of high voltage hazards .
A PDP - series machine ( a PDP - 8 , in this case ) also made an appearance when we got a tour of some of the hardware on display in the permanent Vintage Computer Museum housed at Info Age , led by March 's Christian Liendo .
In this case , it 's a work in progress ; the machine was found in a barn , and Liendo pointed out that you could still see a spot where a mouse had built a bit of a nest in the hardware .
MARCH does n't really have much in the way of a budget to buy the hardware it puts on display , but every now and again someone gets in touch because they 've heard about the group and would like to offer some unused equipment to them .
( MARCH received at least two computers on Saturday , as well . )
Once on hand , the group can usually find someone willing to try to get it working again — usually someone who had used the same hardware during their working years .
Also on display was this beast from a company that I 'd forgotten once made computers , Perkin - Elmer .
Perkin-Elmer had a significant position in scientific instrumentation , and purchased a computer manufacturer , in keeping with scientists ' increasing reliance on big , multiuser systems back in the 1970s and 80s .
As the scientific computing shifted to desktops , the company dropped out .
By the time I was in graduate school in the early 1990s , Perkin - Elmer 's claim to fame was the hardware needed to run DNA amplification reactions , but it had been a significant force less than a decade earlier .
Old dogs , new tricks
A lot of the attendees did their best to keep old hardware relevant , but Ralph Dodd might have had the most impressive collection of repurposed equipment .
Pictured below is his hacked Kaypro , an early " portable " computer .
He got the case in great condition , but could n't resuscitate the internals .
So he replaced them .
The Kaypro case is now home to an Atari motherboard and a monochrome display that sat unused for years .
The boot system for the hardware is pretty unusual , as well .
With the help of a special adaptor cable , the Atari 's disk interface plugs into a laptop ; on the laptop end , software allows Dodd to select the specific software it boots with .
That was n't the only thing he was doing with Atari hardware .
He had a classic gaming console , and had hacked one of its cartridges to hold an excessively large ROM .
As a result , each cartridge could hold 64 games — flicking a few toggle switches at the end of the cartridge determined which of the games launched when the console started up .
But the star of the show may have been the Commodore 64 , the one bit of hardware there I have actually personally owned .
There were a couple of C64s on display , but the most impressive was one run by an individual whose name I missed .
Feeling constrained by his dual - floppy drives , he'd hooked up an adaptor that had it reading from compact flash cards .
Amazingly , the file system could apparently handle at least 4GB of storage ( he had n't tried to go higher yet ) .
But his C64 was also sporting a hardware / software combination that he 'd picked called Shredz64 .
The hardware hooks the C64 up to a guitar controller , while the software turns it into an eight - bit guitar hero .
It consistently drew a crowd .
In late 2011 I 'mHalal had to close its search service due to lack of funds .
Dear I’mHalal Users ,
In September 2009 – we introduced the world to I’mHalal , a search engine initially built to serve Middle East Internet users .
We were driven by a noble cause :
To attract more Middle Easterners to the World Wide Web by providing all households a relevant and safe search portal to gather information and explore the web .
We decided it was time for all households in the MENASA region to be able to make use of mankind ’s biggest invention to educate themselves independently :
The Internet .
We truly believed that I’mHalal could become the entry point of Internet access in the MENASA region and would increase the Internet penetration in the region as more people would gain confidence in engaging search and explore activities in a more trustworthy environment .
A few months after our launch we had already attracted our 10 Millionth unique visitor , over 70 Million search queries had been conducted on ImHalal.com , we had won the Kasehdia Best Innovation award and we were right on track to make a difference in the world .
Regardless all the tremendous successes we ’ve achieved our story unfortunately does n’t have a happy ending .
Our overnight success eventually resulted in our inability to exist .
As our operating cost kept rising we failed to secure additional funding to power our growth .
The past few months we ’ve been trying to find a good investor from the MENASA region , but we failed .
This forced us to stop the development of I’mHalal a few months ago and unfortunately we ’ve got to announce that I ’mHalal will be shut down within the next few weeks .
I ’mHalal has truly been an amazing adventure for all of us and it ’s really sad that this project hits the deadpool .
We had great plans to shape the Internet landscape into a more hyper - localized and cultural biased media but that unfortunately is n’t up to us anymore at this point .
We might come back in the future better organized , prepared and funded .
We would like to thank all our advisors , partners and associates for supporting us .
You ’ve all been great and will not be forgotten .
Last but not least we know our service was n’t perfect so thank you – our dear users that have supported us till the end .
We ’ve received tens of thousands of fantastic emails from supporters from all around the world and of all beliefs .
Your support has been utterly inspiring !
I would like to close with a quote : “ The only failure in life is the failure to not try ” .
Yours truly ,
Reza Sardeha on Behalf of the I’mHalal Team
• Michael Ballack will not make a decision until after World Cup • Possible retirement could further weaken Chelsea after transfer ban
Michael Ballack has said he may retire after next summer 's World Cup , giving Chelsea further cause for concern as they come to terms with their transfer ban .
Ballack 's £ 120,000 - a- week contract expires next summer and Chelsea have not opened talks with the midfielder on a new deal .
They will be particularly reluctant to lose him now they have been banned by Fifa from signing new players for the next two transfer windows , over their inducements to the French teenager Gaël Kakuta to sign for the club and break his contract with the French club Lens in 2007 .
However , Ballack , who will be 34 by the time the ban is lifted , insists he will not make a decision on his future until after South Africa in 2010 .
The German was reported in the Daily Mail saying : " I will decide after the 2010 World Cup if I will continue playing or if I will stop .
I will continue as long as I enjoy it and still have ambitions in the sport . "
Back in 2001 , a prominent politician derided energy efficiency efforts , saying , " Conservation may be a sign of personal virtue , but it is not a sufficient basis for a sound , comprehensive energy policy . "
This week saw a pair of reports that can be viewed as a giant " au contraire . "
The National Academies of Science released a report that looked at the energy market as a whole , and concluded that conservation through efficiency would largely be enough to limit the building of new powerplants to what 's needed for the replacement of obsolete facilities .
Meanwhile , McKinsey & Company put some hard numbers on things : even if we limit ourselves to efficiency efforts that pay back within a decade , it'll provide the equivalent of 9.1 quadrillion BTUs of carbon - free energy by 2020 .
The McKinsey report arrived at those figures by performing a fairly simple economic analysis : what measures , if rolled out on a large scale starting in the near future , would have a positive return on investment by 2020 .
Those are fairly conservative conditions , since many efficiency projects require a substantial up - front investment that 's only paid back gradually ; time horizons longer than a decade are n't uncommon when it comes to payback .
Nevertheless , the numbers were staggering .
$ 520 billion worth of investments would produce a total of $ 1.2 trillion in savings by 2020 .
Presumably , the numbers would look even better later into the century .
At 2020 , we'd be avoiding using that 9.1 quadrillion BTUs .
That would be enough to knock 23 percent off the expected demand , dropping it below the current national usage .
It 's worth pointing out that there 's a bit of a multiplier effect of efficiency efforts , as well — by not producing the energy in the first place , all the losses that occur during generation and transport never come into play .
The net result would be over a gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions avoided as well .
As far as the National Academies is concerned , the McKinsey report might just as well have been a chapter in its own publication .
" The deployment of existing energy - efficiency technologies , " it has concluded , " is the nearest - term and lowest - cost option for moderating our nation ’s demand for energy , especially over the next decade . "
The numbers produced by the NAS largely agree , as well .
" The full deployment of cost - effective energy efficiency technologies in buildings alone could eliminate the need to construct any new electricity generating plants in the United States except to address regional supply imbalances , replace obsolete power generation assets , or substitute more environmentally benign electricity sources , " the report states .
In other words , if we simply limited ourselves to using measures that have a good return on investment in commercial and residential properties , we could probably get by with adding nothing but renewable energy sources to the grid .
Still , the report emphasizes that the last thing we want to do is limit ourselves in any sense .
For both energy production and efficiency , its authors consistently emphasize the development of " portfolios , " a suite of technologies that all accomplish similar things .
Portfolios will allow solutions to be tailored to specific sites and conditions .
They 'll also ensure that , should technology develop unevenly — with large breakthroughs in some fields and stagnation in others — we 'll not find ourselves committed to the technological losers .
" It is imperative that the technology development and demonstration activities identified in this report be started soon , " the authors argue , " even though some will be expensive and not all will be successful : some may fail , prove uneconomic , or be overtaken by better technologies . "
For now , the authors consider two technologies as the biggest question marks : carbon capture and storage , and modernized nuclear plant designs .
If these turn out to be economically viable , we 'll have considerably more flexibility in developing the national energy economy while reducing CO 2 emissions .
In any case , the authors expect that we 'll be deploying over three times more renewable power than nuclear over the next decade , at least in part because the economic and social issues are well understood .
So , if there 's really so many opportunities for these sort of fantastic returns on efficiency efforts , why have n't they happened ?
McKinsey 's authors seem mystified , writing , " The highly compelling nature of energy efficiency raises the question of why the economy has not already captured this potential , since it is so large and attractive . "
They answer their own question , however , by stating , " Significant and persistent barriers will need to be addressed at multiple levels to stimulate demand for energy efficiency and manage its delivery across more than 100 million buildings and literally billions of devices . "
Translation : it 's a big and complex problem .
One aspect of the problem was described well by the International Energy Agency .
For many efficient systems , the consumer - level payoff is relatively small , and comes gradually over many years — even for those systems that require a large , up - front investment .
On the national level , however , the cumulative impact is enormous .
The trick is crafting policies that make the national incentive for efficiency apparent to individual consumers .
Worse still , a lot of the technology involved in energy production and efficiency has lifespans on the scales of decades , and is more expensive to retrofit than it is to build in from the start .
( The New York Times ran a great article on how this plays out in the housing business ) .
As such , the NAS report says that meaningful transformations require " a generation or more of sustained efforts by both the public and the private sectors . "
So far , neither sector has shown anywhere close to that level of focus .
In any case , both reports suggest that the time to act is now .
McKinsey does this explicitly by setting a 2020 time window , and making it clear that the sooner we start investing , the sooner we 'll start reaping the returns .
For the NAS , the focus on the long - term dynamics of the energy infrastructure means that we 're currently making the commitments that will determine what our grid will look like for decades to come ; its report was announced with the headline , " Actions taken over the next decade to demonstrate and deploy key technologies will determine US energy future . "
We now have an administration that has made efficiency efforts a higher priority , and a stimulus package that included significant funding for efficiency and renewable energy projects .
But the total is nowhere close to the sorts of figures McKinsey determined were needed for even the full exploitation of near - term gains .
Les acheteurs de DVD sont maltraités .
Le piratage n’est pas forcément lié à l’économie ou à une idéologie libertaire .
Lorsque l’on maltraite ses clients , on les perd .
C’est décidé , je vais arrêter d’acheter des DVD .
Ce n’est pas un problème d’argent : j’ai de quoi les payer .
Ce n’est pas un problème d’idéologie : je comprends que les artistes souhaitent protéger leurs droits .
Non , c’est un problème de respect .
En tant qu’acheteur de DVD , je ne suis pas respecté .
Tout d’abord , on me traite d’emblée comme un voleur .
Merveilleux paradoxe qui réserve aux acheteurs légaux un clip stupide et agressif sur le caractère malhonnête du piratage .
Dans d’autres pays , c’est tout le contraire : on félicite l’acheteur de son action ou on manie l’humour .
Ensuite , on me force à ingurgiter des publicités pour d’autres DVD ( mention spéciale aux DVD TF1 ) en ayant pris soin de bloquer l’accès au menu : impossible de voir le film acheté avant d’avoir avalé ce pensum .
Alors que je crois pouvoir enfin regarder tranquillement mon film , survient un long avertissement , parfois en plusieurs langues successives , concernant les droits attachés au film .
Ne suffit - il pas de les imprimer sur le disque ?
On me demande au passage de dénoncer un loueur éventuel , ce disque étant destiné au seul achat .
En option : le distributeur précise que les idées véhiculées par le film ou la série ne l’engagent pas ...
Passons sur le zonage et la mauvaise surprise du film import acheté imprudemment que le lecteur refuse de lire .
Dernière épreuve : le menu .
Il semble y avoir un challenge au sein des concepteurs de DVD pour créer le menu le plus incompréhensible et le moins ergonomique possible .
Bien sûr , ce menu change totalement d’un disque à l’autre pour mieux désorienter l’utilisateur .
Je n’ai encore trouvé aucun moyen pour définir une fois pour toute que je veux voir par défaut mes films en VO sous - titrée français : une telle prouesse technologique nécessiterait sans doute des investissements considérables .
Cette situation conduit à des dialogues surréalistes : " Chéri , lance le DVD , je vais prendre une douche ! "
Pour finir , je supporte assez mal de ne pas pouvoir faire une copie privée de mon DVD , pour la laisser dans ma maison de vacances par exemple .
Copie interdite alors que je paye une taxe sur les supports vierges et les disques durs que j’achète en quantité importante .
En résumé , en tant qu’acheteur légal , je suis taxé , suspecté de vol , menacé de sanctions et puni par des publicités obligatoires .
J’ai eu l’occasion récemment de voir des films piratés de bonne qualité au format mkv .
Quel choc !
L’accès au film est immédiat , aucune punition à avaler avant de commencer .
Pas de zonage , pas d’avertissements .
Le fichier se lit avec un programme universel ( VLC ) : toujours le même menu simple et efficace pour choisir version et sous - titres .
Pas de boitiers , de disques qui traînent et que l’on perd ; tout tient dans un disque dur .
Je peux faire des copies et surtout emporter avec moi en vacances toute ma filmothèque dans un disque dur .
C’est une vraie révolution en terme d’ergonomie .
La dernière surprise est de taille : j’ai voulu regarder avec mes enfants une série américaine que je possédais en DVD .
Ils ont refusé au prétexte que les sous - titres du DVD étaient " nuls " au contraire de leur version pirate .
Etonné , j’ai vérifié et quelle n’a pas été ma surprise de constater qu’ils avaient raison !
Dernière manifestation de l’intelligence collective , les sous - titres pirates dament le pion aux professionnels sans doute trop mal payés pour fournir une traduction de qualité .
En pratique , je vais donc acheter de moins en moins de DVD .
En revanche , j’aimerais bien que les producteurs , réalisateurs et artistes ouvrent des sites permettant de leur faire des donations .
Il ne s’agit pas de les priver de leurs droits , mais de refuser l’étape de la distribution qui n’a plus de raison d’être et qui ne respecte pas ses clients .
Seven million of the roughly 60 million UK residents are dirty P2P pirates , says the government .
The number sounds exact , scientific , and authoritative — but where did it come from ?
And , more importantly , can it be trusted , especially when it is used as a ground for action ?
BBC Radio 4 show " More or Less , " which devotes itself to " the powerful , sometimes beautiful , often abused but ever ubiquitous world of numbers , " looked into the question .
What it found should serve as a reminder that such numbers soon take on a life of their own in public debate , even as their ( sometimes dubious ) origins retreat into shadow .
To have an honest conversation about the effects of copyright infringement , good numbers are helpful but hard to come by , while bad numbers are routinely used to drive fear - based policies that move copyright law in one direction only : tougher sanctions and longer terms .
The show followed up on a reader e-mail from " Paul in Nottinhgamshire , " who wanted to know about the origin of the " seven million illegal file - sharers " figure .
The number was quoted in a recent government report , but it's not a government number ; it turns out that the government commissioned a report from the CIBER research group at University College London , which contained the number .
CIBER 's report cited the number four times , noting that it came from yet another report from consultancy Forrester .
Still with me ?
Get ready to go down the rabbit hole , because it 's here that things get weirder .
The Forrester report in question does not in fact contain the " seven million " number , despite the CIBER citation .
The number actually comes from a separate piece of research called the Jupiter Industry Losses Project , which attempted to quantify losses for the recording industry due to things like P2P usage .
And who paid for the Industry Losses Project ?
The British recording industry , of course .
BPI , which represents the major labels , would n't turn over the complete Industry Losses Report to Radio 4 , but it did supply some of the numbers from the piece .
In addition , Radio 4 talked to the author of the report , Mark Mulligan .
The report estimates that there are 6.7 million illegal file - sharers in the UK , a number that was generated by multiplying two other numbers : the total number of Internet users in the UK and the percentage of the population engaged in file - sharing .
Both numbers used in this calculation turn out to be controversial .
The UK government , for instance , says that 33.9 million people are online , while the Industry Losses Report said that around 40 million were online .
As for the estimate of the piracy percentage , that comes from a 2008 survey of 1,176 UK households .
The survey actually found that 11.6 percent of respondents admitted to using file - sharing software , but Mulligan adjusted this upwards to 16.3 percent to account for " underreporting " ( i.e. , the fact that some people were lying ) .
The differences in all these numbers are tremendous .
If the lower numbers are used instead ( 33.9 million and 11.6 percent ) , it turns out that only 3.93 million UK residents are dirty pirates — a mere 60 percent of the original 6.7 million number .
As Radio 4 correctly points out , they have no evidence that this calculation is any more accurate than the original , though the reporter does offer this takeaway message : " the number of offenders varies enormously depending upon the assumptions you make about consumer behavior and about the size of the online population . "
75 percent of all statistics are bogus
The problem is n't that such calculations are done ; they can serve as useful tools for industries and even for policymakers .
But problems develop when the numbers are ripped from their original , provisional context by repetition and citation , eventually taking on the force of Fact .
When such " facts " end up being used to make policy , the problems are compounded .
It 's a disturbingly common scenario , though .
Lawmakers can't be expert in all topics and are susceptible to the terrifying numbers thrown at them by lobbyists who want increased state protection of their industries .
Case in point : lawmakers and even an FCC Commissioner have had a bad habit recently of citing two - decades old statistics about how much money the US loses each year to " piracy . "
But when Ars took a hard look at the numbers , they turned out to be even harder to pin down than the UK numbers , and much dodgier .
As we pointed out in that piece , " These statistics are brandished like a talisman each time Congress is asked to step up enforcement to protect the ever - beleaguered US content industry .
And both , as far as an extended investigation by Ars Technica has been able to determine , are utterly bogus . "
The motion picture industry had some bogus numbers of its own about university P2P use , numbers that it had been using in Washington to make the case for stronger federal regulation of higher education .
Those numbers turned out to be wrong by a factor of three .
William Patry is one of the foremost copyright authorities of our time , having authored a definitive set of books on copyright law .
In his new popular book , Moral Panics and the Copyright Wars , Patry talks about both our article and the MPAA fiasco and concludes : " The point in the Copyright Wars is not to point to real data — quite the opposite , the data is fake — the point is to create a sense of siege , of urgency , of a clear and present danger that must be eliminated either by Congress or the courts . "
It 's a worldwide problem , too , one we have seen in the US , the UK , and in Canada .
Further reading :
Opinion
Chances are high pot measure will pass
Former Mayor Willie Brown poses for a portrait at his apartment in the St. Regis Hotel on Thursday July 31 , 2008 in San Francisco , Calif .
Former Mayor Willie Brown poses for a portrait at his apartment in the St. Regis Hotel on Thursday July 31 , 2008 in San Francisco , Calif .
Photo : Mike Kepka , The Chronicle Photo : Mike Kepka , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Chances are high pot measure will pass 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
That proposed ballot initiative to legalize marijuana in California for people 21 and older - and let local government tax the sales - has a good chance of passing .
People are no longer outraged by the idea of legalization , and truth be told , there is just too much money to be made both by the people who grow marijuana and the cities and counties that would be able to tax it .
Unlike the 1970s , when Mayor George Moscone first moved to decriminalize pot , marijuana is no longer about hippies .
Thanks to medical marijuana , pot has moved from the alleyways to Main Street , with pot clubs springing up all over the state .
And let 's be honest for a moment .
How many of the people going into those clubs do you think are really sick ?
Anyone who has observed those operations knows that much of the pot is being used recreationally anyway , so we might as well have a discussion about whether to bring it out in the open .
You might think the Legislature would pick up on this , and indeed Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , has made a proposal to legalize and tax pot .
But although legalizing marijuana fits both Republicans ' libertarian instincts and Democrats ' progressivism , they wo n't touch it with a 10 - foot - long pack of rolling papers .
For all our weak - kneed politicians , however , I do n't see any organized opposition to legal pot on the horizon .
So if the pot growers put their money in the right places , they win in 2010 .
I was at College Preparatory School in Oakland on Wednesday night .
It 's one of those schools where the parents all wear Birkenstocks and the tuition rivals Stanford University's .
I was there for a broadcast with Will Durst .
Of course , the hottest topic was Oakland 's raising of parking rates and fines .
Grand Lake
Theatre owner Allen Michaan , who has been threatening the City Council with a recall unless it roll backs the changes , got up and blasted the daylights out of the council members .
I asked him if he used the same tone when he made his presentation to the City Council .
He said yes .
I asked him how the council had responded .
He said they stayed there until 1 o'clock in the morning and wound up doing absolutely nothing .
You know why , I asked .
When you trash them the way you trashed them , of course they are going to freeze up .
Tone down your rhetoric .
Get some dialogue going .
That might actually lead to some change .
My take on Meg Whitman 's candidacy for governor :
She is obviously former Republican Gov. Pete Wilson 's pick .
She can put upwards of $ 150 million of her own money into the race .
And if she learns a bit about how state government really runs , she just might be the next CEO of eCal .
Time to talk football .
After today , we should have a pretty decent idea how good the 49ers are .
Minnesota has a first - class defensive unit , the best runner in football and a Hall of Fame quarterback .
It ought to be interesting .
The Raiders , however , are in trouble .
Either quarterback JaMarcus Russell can't see the receivers or there 's something wrong with his arm accuracy .
Apparently , the Raiders plan to stay with him , no matter what .
That 's a great confidence builder for him , but it does n't do a whole lot for the team .
The question I 've been asked most often this past week is , " What do I think of Gavin and Jennifer naming their first baby Montana ? "
I say , Jennifer better watch out .
He 's got 49 more states to go .
[ Click HERE for more analysis of the Chinese Revolution and its evolution . ]
By Chris Slee
September 23 , 2009 -- October 1 will mark 60 years since Mao Zedong proclaimed the creation of the People 's Republic of China .
This followed the victory of the People ’s Liberation Army , led by the Communist Party of China ( CCP ) , over the US - backed Kuomintang ( Chinese Nationalist Party , KMT ) .
In 1921 , when the CCP was founded , China was in chaos .
Western intervention — military , economic , political and cultural — had destroyed or undermined traditional Chinese institutions .
New , stable institutions had not been created .
Various imperialist powers grabbed pieces of Chinese territory .
Some modern industry was established , mainly in the coastal cities .
But most Chinese people were peasants , heavily exploited by big landowners .
The CCP , which had won support among urban workers , was ruthlessly crushed by the KMT in 1927 , with thousands of communists massacred .
The CCP survived in remote rural areas , and grew again with peasant support .
In these areas , it carried out progressive measures , such as land reform .
Following the Japanese invasion of China in the 1930s , the CCP won respect as the most determined anti-Japanese fighters .
After the defeat of Japan in 1945 , war broke out again between the CCP and the pro-capitalist KMT , with the Communists winning .
Social gains
The early years of the revolution brought big social gains for the impoverished population .
Health and education were greatly improved .
Mass campaigns eliminated disease , illiteracy , prostitution , forced marriage and many other abuses of the old society .
Before the revolution , a large section of people lived on the brink of starvation .
This lowered resistance to disease so that epidemics killed thousands every year .
There were no reliable statistics , but it has been estimated that China ’s life expectancy before 1949 was 35 years .
By 1981 , life expectancy had risen to 69.6 years for women and 67 for men , Ruth and Victor Sidel ’s 1982 book , The Health of China , said .
Huge campaigns of vaccination and health education , medical training and increased health services largely wiped out many previously rampant diseases .
Medical services were brought to rural areas that had not previously seen a doctor .
Urban workers also benefited .
In addition to the health and literacy programs , they gained job security and other benefits , such as housing supplied by their workplace .
The CCP took some initial steps in the transition towards socialism .
It mobilised the working class to weaken the power of the capitalists .
It nationalised capitalist industry and began building a planned economy .
However , the transition to socialism was hindered both by objective conditions ( the backwardness of China , the pressures of imperialism , etc. ) and by the bureaucratic nature of the CCP .
Bureaucracy and repression
The CCP used repression against opponents , including people who supported the revolution but disagreed with some of the government ’s policies .
This intimidated people from criticising mistaken government policies .
It meant bad policies were often not corrected until they had become disasters of such a magnitude that the leadership was forced to change course .
This was combined with institutionalised inequality .
In 1956 , the Chinese government adopted a system of ranks for state employees that included 30 grades .
The top grade received 28 times the pay of the bottom grade .
In addition to their salaries , higher party and state officials had expense accounts for special housing , cars , drivers , personal servants , meals , travel and other perks .
At the top of this system of repression and bureaucratic privilege was Mao Zedong , whose authority was maintained by a cult of personality .
An example of the consequences of these practices the so - called Great Leap Forward in 1958 .
It attempted to bring about enormous , and impossible , increases in industrial and agricultural production .
The attempt disrupted the economy and caused a period of economic decline — even famine .
There was no open admission of mistakes , nor open criticism of Mao .
The cult of Mao was maintained .
But the failure of Mao ’s grandiose schemes sowed the seeds of a split among the CCP central leadership .
One faction , headed by Liu Shaochi and Deng Xiaoping , were often referred to as “ pragmatists ” or “ moderates ” .
They wanted no more voluntarist adventures like the Great Leap Forward .
The other faction headed by Mao and including defence minister Lin Biao was still prone to voluntarism .
They sometimes used egalitarian rhetoric — hypocritical given the privileged lifestyle of the bureaucracy , of which they were part .
The Maoist faction , in decline after the Great Leap Forward debacle , launched the Cultural Revolution in 1966 to make a comeback .
They used Mao ’s prestige to mobilise youth to attack supporters of Liu and Deng — accused of “ following the capitalist road ” .
Mao and his supporters used radical - sounding slogans , like “ It ’s right to rebel ” to mobilise students against Mao ’s opponents .
High school and university students formed groups of “ rebels ” or “ red guards ” .
They criticised , humiliated , and often assaulted teachers and academic authorities .
They also attacked party and government officials .
Mao ’s faction tried to keep control of the movement , directing it against those perceived as Mao ’s opponents .
But some groups escaped control and attacked Mao ’s supporters too .
Some seized arms and different groups of “ rebels ” began fighting each other .
The army was brought in to restore order .
Although the Maoist faction appeared to have come out on top in the inner-party struggle , their grip on power was actually very shaky .
They had to restore to positions of authority many of the old cadres who had been purged , to get society functioning again .
The Cultural Revolution ended in an uneasy compromise .
At this stage , US imperialism started putting out feelers to the Chinese bureaucrats .
It was looking for a deal with China at the expense of Vietnam and Third World national liberation struggles generally .
The first talks were held in 1969 .
US secretary of state Henry Kissinger visited China in 1971 , preparing the ground for President Richard Nixon 's visit the following year .
China ’s foreign policy turned sharply to the right in 1971 , with the Chinese government openly supporting right - wing forces in struggles in Sri Lanka , Bangladesh , Sudan and Angola .
It seems most leaders of both the Maoist and anti-Maoist factions agreed on this turn .
Restoring capitalism
Mao died in 1976 and his supporters were defeated in the ensuing power struggle .
By 1978 , Deng Xiaoping had become the real leader of China .
Deng introduced “ market reforms ” .
In the early stages , the reforms involved the use of market mechanisms to develop the economy , but with the state sector remaining predominant in large - scale industry .
But by 1992 , the Deng regime had clearly adopted the perspective of restoring capitalism as the dominant mode of production .
Corruption spread as bureaucrats increasingly strove to accumulate wealth for themselves as private ownership of the economy expanded .
Opposition to corruption — and the bureaucratic regime — began to grow .
In 1988 - 89 there was an upsurge of demands for freedom and democracy , and against corruption .
In April 1989 , students protested in Beijing ’s Tienanmen square .
They remained for more than a month and were joined by many non-students .
The army was ordered to remove the protesters , but the protesters talked to the soldiers and won many of them over .
Workers joined the protest and raised their own demands , focusing on job security , wages , opposition to the burgeoning private enterprises , and control over their workplaces .
Eventually , the regime brought in new army units that used extreme violence to crush the movement .
A wave of repression followed .
China today
In 1992 , Deng Xiaoping gave the go - ahead for a policy of all - out privatisation .
The state ’s share of industrial production has fallen from 100 % in 1978 to 31.6 % in 2004 .
Today , millions of Chinese workers are ruthlessly exploited by local and foreign capital .
Extremely long hours , physical punishment , fines and non-payment of wages are among the abuses suffered by many Chinese workers .
Transnational corporations are attracted to China by the huge reserve army of labour created by the displacement of peasants from the land and workers retrenched from state - owned factories .
They are also attracted by the absence of trade unions in many enterprises , and the tameness of the All - China Federation of Trade Unions where it exists .
( It sometimes challenges blatant violations of China ’s labour laws by employers through legal channels , but does not encourage strikes . )
It is clear that China is now a capitalist country .
Yet the imperialists are not totally satisfied .
State - owned enterprises remain dominant in certain strategic industrial sectors and in the banking sector .
The failure of China to fully apply the neoliberal model meant it could use the state - owned banks to quickly implement stimulus measures after 2008 global financial crisis .
The imperialists want complete privatisation and full access to all areas of the economy .
This contributes to the tension between the rulers of China and the US .
It helps explain the hypocritical rhetoric from Western politicians and media about the need for “ democracy ” in China .
The Chinese regime wants to maintain a certain degree of independence from imperialism .
In the past , it has collaborated with imperialism to attack Third World revolutions , even invading Vietnam in 1979 .
However , at the moment it has good relations with revolutionary governments in Cuba and Venezuela .
The Chinese state remains capitalist .
It represses the resistance of the workers to capitalist exploitation .
However , workers are fighting back against attacks on their job security , living standards and working conditions .
There have been thousands of strikes and protests by Chinese workers , as well as numerous protests by peasants against land seizures by local governments and property developers .
There have been protests by environmentalists against pollution and environmental destruction .
These struggles indicate the potential for a new socialist revolution — one that could establish a genuine workers ’ democracy .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 811 , September 23 , 2009 .
Chris Slee is a member of the Democratic Socialist Perspective , a Marxist organisation affiliated to the Socialist Alliance of Australia . ]
How DID he do that ?
All of Britain guessing how Derren Brown stunned the world by predicting the lottery results
The top theories :
Split - screen trickery ?
A false wall hiding an assistant ?
' E - ink ' balls ?
Filming every possible combination ?
Or is Derren just magic ...
Derren Brown is a man who has appeared to play Russian Roulette on live television , using a revolver filled with genuine ammunition .
But even by his standards , his latest stunt was a real jaw - dropper .
On Wednesday at 10.35 pm , having boasted for days that he would predict the six main ball numbers in the midweek National Lottery draw , Brown went on - air , live across all Channel 4's terrestrial and satellite channels .
[ caption ]
At exactly the same time , BBC1 broadcast the draw , also live .
On the stage of the studio from which Brown was broadcasting stood a television , to show the BBC draw .
A few feet away , to the left as the viewer saw it , stood a clear plastic stand .
On top of the stand were six white , lottery - sized balls .
Brown claimed the winning numbers , as predicted by him , had already been written on the balls .
They would , he said , be revealed after the draw had been made .
The six main numbers drawn by the lottery machine were , in numerical order , 2 , 11 , 23 , 28 , 35 , 39 .
And the numbers written on the balls in Brown 's studio were , yes , 2 , 11 , 23 , 28 , 35 , 39 .
Brown had not bought a ticket for the Lottery .
That 's a pity , because if he really did predict the right numbers he would have been the only person to do so .
There were no claimants for the £ 2.4 million jackpot .
What followed was a media frenzy .
Newspapers , TV and radio programmes and websites have competed to come up with theories to explain the magic and illusion behind Brown 's stunt .
Other magicians have remained silent , true to their profession 's code of secrecy .
Jack Delvin , president of the Magic Circle said : ' Our first rule is we do n't discuss secrets of tricks .
For the duration of the effect happening , we try to suspend disbelief .
So it is no good talking about how it is done . '
The Mail , however , is under no such constraints
So let 's start by looking closely at Brown 's broadcast .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
It lasted just six - and - a - half minutes , and the first thing one notices is that for almost five minutes , Brown never stops talking .
He jabbers , non -stop at high speed , the words tumbling out , breathlessly , as if to convey the excitement of the moment .
His hands never stop moving .
So the viewers ' minds and eyes are constantly being distracted .
And distraction is a fundamental principle of magic .
Brown starts by hyping up the task he is attempting .
He assures the viewers he's not doing anything illegal , and explains that for legal reasons he can show only a couple of minutes of the BBC broadcast .
Then he stands behind the six balls and explains that the numbers have already been written upon them in numerical order .
One might think that the best way to predict the numbers would be to announce them , in advance , seconds before they are actually drawn .
That way , Brown would make his numbers public and the world would watch , breathless , to see if they were then drawn .
But , he says , Camelot , the Lottery company , has told him : ' The BBC has a legal right to announce the Lottery numbers first .
Because of that , I can't show you the numbers until just after they 've been announced . '
How convenient .
And how suggestive , also , that the whole basis of Brown 's trick is that he has somehow found a way to get the numbers onto the balls in the short space of time between that announcement and his final ' reveal ' .
And so it goes on as Brown talks and talks .
Just before the numbers are drawn , he produces a large piece of card - white on one side , black on the reverse - on which he will write the numbers that are drawn , using a pen produced from a trouser pocket .
Finally , after four minutes and four seconds , the first ball rolls out of the machine .
And Derren Brown stops talking .
With his back half - turned to the camera as he watches the BBC broadcast , he raises his left hand to his mouth , as if in rapt concentration .
And he keeps it there for 45 seconds , during which the draw is made .
During that time it looks to a suspicious eye as though he is breathing or mumbling into his hand .
Is a microphone in there ?
Does he have some sort of breath - activated control ?
Only after all the balls have been selected does Brown write the numbers down on his card .
That done , he walks across to stand behind the six prediction balls , grabs the stand , turns it around and there - hey presto !
- are the correct numbers in the same order that he has written on the card .
How did he do it ?
Well , the five most credible theories go as follows :
1 . A split - screen technique would make it seem as though we were looking at one live shot , when in fact , the image of the left half of the screen on which the balls stood had been pre-recorded and patched onto the live action on the right , where Brown was standing .
This would allow the numbers to be applied to the balls without the viewer seeing .
The pre-recorded image would be removed as Brown went to stand behind the balls - with the correct numbers written on them - and the whole screen would then go live .
2. The numbers were projected onto the balls using a projector hidden somewhere in the auditorium .
3 . The studio was not as simple and bare as it seemed .
False walls were used to conceal assistants who printed numbers on the balls as the numbers appeared .
4 . Sleight of hand : Derren had hidden a set of balls up his sleeve and somehow managed to get the numbers onto them , and swap them for the balls on the stand without anyone noticing .
This might , perhaps , have something to do with why he had his hand to his face during the draw .
5 . There was an electronic link between the card on which Brown wrote the numbers and the balls standing several feet away .
So as he hand - wrote the numbers on the card , they were somehow printed ( see Theory 1 ) on the balls .
Brown himself has provided a clue in a trailer for a programme tonight , where he will explain his feat , at the end of which he holds up a model snowflake .
I suspect Brown is telling us the stunt was a ' snow - job ' , a term defined as 'an effort to deceive , overwhelm , or persuade with insincere talk and flattery ' .
I 've interviewed Brown and I know he is fascinated by psychological techniques , including so - called Neuro - Linguistic Programming , which uses particular words to imprint thoughts on the human mind .
He told me : ' The reason I do magic is to shake people 's belief systems up a bit .
It 's all about trying to create a psychological journey , because that 's what magic is .'
I suspect the apparently blathering words that tumbled out of his mouth for the first minutes of the programme were carefully chosen to imprint ideas onto our minds .
And I think I can sum up everything he 's going to say tonight into three words : ' You 've been had . '
Of course it was n't a lucky guess ... it 's magic !
By PAUL DANIELS
[ caption ]
Derren Brown may not call himself a magician , he may insist he does n't do tricks , and that his ability to predict the winning Lottery numbers is down to nothing but a combination of mind - blowing calculation and genuine psychic skill .
But , make no mistake , he is one of us .
Perhaps you watched him on Wednesday night , accepting everything you saw as truth .
Perhaps you 'll watch again tonight expecting to hear his formula for picking the right numbers every time .
But I have been in this business for 60 years , and I do n't see things the way you do .
What I saw was a trick , pulled off with aplomb , and it took me just a moment to think of two
- and - a - half decent ways to get it done .
But just as I would never dream of telling an audience my secrets , I would never tell Derren 's either .
I can't know for sure which of the myriad methods he might have used , so there is no point speculating .
But what I can say with certainty is that , what he did on Wednesday night , magicians have been doing for ever - for as long as psychics , mind - readers and ' mentalists ' like Derren have been claiming to have special powers .
Mentalism - the form of magic that has become his stock - in - trade - is just one part of the magician 's art .
I have book upon book on ways to ' predict the future ' , and I have used them to magical effect in the past , predicting everything from newspaper headlines to bingo numbers .
Using certain methods ( which I have no intention of divulging ) it 's possible to predict pretty much anything you like .
Two weeks after the National Lottery was first aired on the BBC , I went to the programme planning department and said : ' Let 's do a Lottery prediction . '
The answer was ' no ' , and the reason was understandable :
The BBC , which had only just won the licence to present it , could n't risk the public thinking that the results had been fixed or tampered with .
A trick performed well should convince an audience that we can really do what we claim .
But anyone with half a brain knows that the number of psychics and performers with Derren 's apparent talent for foresight who have actually won the Lottery or picked the Grand National winner tells you all you need to know about their real capabilities .
I could teach you as much as anyone knows about ' predicting the future ' .
I know all the tricks and you could learn them in about three days flat .
But I guarantee at the end of it you would be no closer to hitting the jackpot .
It 's an aside , but did you know that if you buy a Lottery ticket on Monday morning for the following Saturday 's draw , you have more chance of dying that week than collecting the top prize ?
I guarantee you that even Derren Brown faces those same odds .
The job of a magician is to make dreams a reality .
We are actors playing the role of a man who can do anything .
The best tricks in the world begin with the thought :
What do I wish I was able to do ?
We wish we could pluck money out of thin air and make beautiful girls appear with a click of fingers .
We wish we could fly , disappear and , perhaps above all , predict the Lottery results .
Magic makes all those things appear possible .
But appearances , of course , are deceptive .
Derren is a master of deception .
He pretended to be nervous when , in fact , the result of the draw had no bearing on whether his trick would work .
I love to be deceived - we all do - which is why magicians should never reveal their methods .
We are just entertainers , and without mystery , our art is nothing .
I hope he does n't reveal his method tonight , but I can't believe that he will .
Derren , like all magicians , deals in lies and half - truths .
Although it is possible to execute ' future - prediction ' tricks without the aid of technology , there 's no doubt in my mind that , to present it in the way he did , he used some technological trickery on this occasion - and to admit that would spoil the fun .
So , I hope when he is asked how it was done , he answers with just two words : ' Absolutely brilliantly . '
How did he do it ?
The theories in more detail ...
[ caption ]
Theory 1 : Camera trickery
Are the cameras playing tricks with us ?
We know this was n't pre-recorded ( although check out Theory 4 ) as we saw the live BBC feed , and we have been assured the lottery footage was n't delayed .
The BBC were nervous about his act - previously blocking him from doing a similar show on their own channels - and would be unlikely to have a hand in the illusion .
But could Derren have used ' split - screen tricks ' to trick us ?
With the right - hand of the screen showing a live shot of Derren , whereas the left - hand - side is a pre-recorded snapshot of an empty podium .
This would allow a helper , invisible to the viewer , to scribble the numbers on the balls down as they are drawn .
The camera was , judging by the shaking image , hand - held , which seems to rule this out , but there is one ' cutaway ' one minute into the broadcast , which some viewers have speculated allowed some camera tricks to take place .
Likelihood : Slight , Derren has eschewed technological wizardry in past acts , and such a simple trick would likely be beneath his ways , or seen as cheating .
Also , introducing a split - screen on a bouncing visual is beyond the means of anything that does n't come with a Holllywood budget .
However ...
Some commentators believe Derren is wearing a different shirt at the start of the illusion than at the end ...
Can you see a difference ?
Also ...
Some viewers claim to see a break in the video when Derren reads out 35 as he writes the numbers down ...
Is this when the live footage comes back in ?
Is Derren 's ' woooah ' sound a few seconds earlier an indication that the switch has been made ?
Theory 2 : False walls
We 've perhaps ruled out split - screen trickery , but could there be a ' false wall ' in sight ?
For instance there could be a backdrop hanging from the television , or the podium , painted to match the far walls , behind which a helper could sit and scribble the numbers on the balls .
If the helper was under the podium , they could write the numbers on the balls without being seen by the viewers .
If they were behind the television , they could pass the balls to Derren when he leans in to switch off the television .
A further theory is that the whole back - wall is a painting , placed just a foot or two behind the podium .
Likelihood : Quite possible .
The works of 3D artists such as Kurt Wenner , who has been featured before in the Mail , show that it is possible to produce perception - bending realistic backdrops .
Someone out of sight could easily replace the white balls , or slip replacements to Derren Brown .
If so , it is most likely they hid behind the podium and scribbled the numbers on the balls directly , as there seems no opportunity - in our freeze - frame world - of Derren replacing the six balls without being spotted .
Also ...
Some viewers say they can spot ' something white ' up Derren 's sleeve .
Can you see it ?
Theory 3 : The electric ink ball
One theory , favoured by the Mail Online 's science editor , is that the white lottery balls have an e-ink screen to instantly translate the right numbers on to the balls .
As the lottery was called , the numbers could be translated wirelessly to the balls , which have a screen embedded in them , similar to how some mp3 players appear to have invisible screens until text is displayed .
Other variations on this theory include a distant inkjet ' firing ' the numbers on to the balls from a distance , but this is likely to be too complex with a high - risk of failure to be taken seriously .
However this theory comes back in to play if there is a false wall just a foot or two behind the podium , as ink could then be shot directly onto the balls .
Likelihood : Possible , but not likely .
Again , Derren does not like to use hi-tech gadgetry to pull off a trick , so this is likely to be a ' no - no ' .
Also , Derren promises ' we can try this at home ' in the future , so this makes us lean more towards sleight - of - hand trickery .
Theory 4 : Filming every possible combination
Derren would have worked himself into the ground for this one .
What if he ' invested a year of his life ' by filming every single combination of numbers ?
However this theory can be kicked right into touch - with nearly 14 million possible combinations , Derren would have needed to start filming before he was born - and we 'd quickly notice if Derren turned into a teenager while reading the results .
And there would also be a noticeable video ' cut ' between Derren 's live recording and a cut to a pre-recorded segment .
Likelihood : 0 %
Theory 5 : Derren has found a system
Every year someone claims to come up with a ' unbeatable ' way of predicting the lottery .
From statistical analysis of which numbers are ' bound ' to come up soon , to using the sun , moon and stars ( and your birth date ) to find the right combination , you can buy a dozen such ' fool - proof ' systems over the internet for a fiver .
But you might be better off just buying five tickets .
Likelihood :
If it 's true , Camelot is doomed .
Other clues in the video
A feature of Derren 's shows is , when he reveals his methods , to replay footage from earlier in the show where , with hindsight , it is easy to spot the joins .
So were there any tells in Derren 's video ?
First off , it is likely that some of Derren 's ' facts ' at the start of the show were more to heighten the illusion .
He told us that legally , the BBC has the first right to show the lottery numbers .
Fair enough , but why should that stop him showing us what was only - at this point - a prediction ?
It would have been a lot more incredible to see the six numbers on - screen before the live draw .
More likely - despite his protestations - is that there was no prediction before the draw , and the numbers appeared on the balls only after they had been called .
What is worth noting is Derren 's frantic , on - edge persona , which is a way to add drama to an act that , in likelihood , has been planned to such a degree that the outcome is inevitable .
Not only does it add drama , but it allows for some misdirection .
As such , the audience skirts over his blabbering on , but it is likely some of his words will be replayed tomorrow night with more significance .
For instance , why did he stress the word ' initial ' ?
Why did he tell us there was a ' close - up there so you can see no tampering going on ' - when there was no such close - up ?
What did he mean by ' tampering '?
What were some of the phrases he spoke at break - neck speed ?
At the start of the video , Derren tells us there are two cameramen , but we only see through one camera - except for one brief moment after one minute .
Is this to allow some video wizardry to take place ?
Some watchers believe they can spot something up Derren 's sleeve while he writes down the numbers , they also wonder if he is passed six numbered balls as he goes to turn off the television at the end of the trick - possibly because of a well - painted backdrop masking someone standing behind the television .
What we can say for sure is that Derren is a master of misdirection .
All those words he spoke about studying the numbers for a year ?
All those times he stressed ' I 'm hoping for six numbers , I 'll be happy to get five numbers right , I 'll apologise in advance if I get them all wrong ' ...?
All just part of the act .
It would be dangerous to put our name to one theory or the other , especially with the reveal only a day away .
But one thing we can be sure of is that Derren is not magic , supernatural or mystical - or if he is , he 's still keeping it to himself .
At some point during the ten seconds between the results being announced and Derren turning the podium around , the numbers appear on the balls .
The big question is how , and it is one we will keep wondering until tomorrow night on Channel 4 at 9 pm .
Until then , the footage is below , so watch and let us know your own theories in the comments !
Browse > Home Odd World / The Factory For Creating Plastic Bodies
The Factory For Creating Plastic Bodies
The Body Worlds Plastination Center in Dalian China .
This is the body factory where Dr. Von Hagens team prepares 100 % plastic bodies for his Body Worlds exhibitions throughout the world .
Body Worlds is a traveling exhibition of preserved human bodies and body parts that are prepared using a technique called plastination to reveal inner anatomical structures .
Sounds interesting , but the realism with which Dr. Von Hagens really makes you terrified .
This really looks like a artificial human body breading facility .
Watch out , the clones are attacking !
If you are interested to find some more information on their current exhibitions on Body Worlds official website .
A possible candidate for Senator Kennedy ’s seat has spent the last ten years building the biggest pharmaceutical lobbying practice in the country .
Nick Littlefield is chair of the lobbying group at Boston law firm Foley Hoag , which has raced to the top of the pharma lobbying charts over the last several years .
In the first half of 2009 , the firm raked in $ 2.6 million from pharma — more lobbying cash from pharmaceutical interests over the course of six months than any law firm in history , according to a review of lobbying data from Open Secrets .
Top 5 Lobbying Firms for Pharmaceutical Interests , 1st half of 2009 ( receipts in millions ) Foley Hoag LLP $ 2,598,000 Podesta Group $ 1,610,000 Sidley , Austin et al $ 1,370,000 Fabiani & Co $ 1,300,000 Patton Boggs LLP $ 1,280,000 Note : Produced using data from Open Secrets / the Center for Responsive Politics .
Table does not include companies lobbying on their own behalf .
By comparison , when Littlefield first joined the firm in 1998 , Foley Hoag did only $ 20,000 in pharmaceutical lobbying — meaning their pharmaceutical business has grown by orders of magnitude over the course of Littlefield ’s tenure .
Major clients this year include Pfizer , Amgen , Eli Lilly , Genzyme , GlaxoSmithKline , and PhRMA .
PhRMA does plenty of lobbying in - house ( ~$ 6 million a quarter this year ) , but also hires outside firms like Foley Hoag to manage aspects of its portfolio .
Before entering the private sector , Littlefield was Kennedy ’s staff director and chief counsel at the Senate Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions committee .
Other Kennedy associates at the firm include Paul Kim , who has handled more pharmaceutical accounts than any other Washington lobbyist this year , and Brian Carey , formerly a legislative assistant in Kennedy ’s office .
Mark Childress , Kennedy ’s senior health adviser at Senate HELP since May 2009 , was a partner at Foley Hoag in 2007 and 2008 .
Childress did not handle any pharmaceutical accounts , according to lobbying filings .
On the other hand , Foley Hoag experienced a major spike in pharma business in his first year at the firm , 2007 .
Childress may have played a role similar to his old boss , Tom Daschle , who advises corporate clients at Alston & Bird but is not a registered lobbyist on those accounts .
The pharmaceutical lobby appears to have scored major victories in the bills coming out of the two Senate committees — Kennedy ’s HELP and Baucus ’s Finance , which released the chairman ’s mark on Wednesday .
Pharma won a major battle related to biologics in the HELP bill , and won such clear victoris in the Finance bill that they are spending millions to support it .
Foley Hoag made a recent hire that may have helped them influence the Senate Finance / Gang of Six bill : Lindsey Toohey , formerly Senator Kent Conrad ’s senior health policy adviser , joined the firm in May , just before the healthcare reform process heated up .
This was just the latest in a series of moves to build out the firm ’s Life Sciences and Healthcare practices .
Another Foley Hoag health policy specialist , Barrett Thornhill , appears to be married to a former health policy adviser to Chuck Grassley .
Joelle Oishi Thornhill is now lobbying for UnitedHealth .
Foley Hoag ’s lucrative work for pharmaceutical companies raises questions about Littlefield ’s commitment to the healthcare reform agenda that Senator Kennedy called “ the cause of his life . ”
Littlefield and Kennedy were good friends — he reportedly sang “ Love Changes Everything ” at the Senator ’s funeral — but the lobbyist ’s private sector record suggests he does not share a similar passion for healthcare policy in the public interest .
Drug money talks , and Littlefield has been raking it in .
Update : Littlefield is also tight with the insurance industry , apparently , as a director of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Foundation in Massachusetts .
Note : I will be releasing more information and cleaned - up supporting data as I ’m able .
by
UPDATE : The original carrier file v5.0 I had was not allowing Visual Voicemail for some people .
I have updated the link below to a v5.0 that allows you to edit your settings and allows both Visual Voicemail & MMS to work .
See the guide below for updates .
( I ’ve added steps 9 & 10 . )
If you want to revert back to the carrier file 4.0 ( no MMS ) you may download here .
Ok , I ’m super excited that I got this to work .
I really think it has to with AT&T allowing it to work by removing the opt - out codes ( the code AT&T put in to block MMS when firmware 3.0 came out ) .
That ’s why I think it took a few days for mine to work after doing what I ’m about to show you .
It ’s really really easy .
I ’m running an iPhone 3GS , jailbroken , not unlocked , on firmware 3.0.1 .
Your iPhone does not need to be jailbroken for this to work and I have linked to the file needed for firmware 3.1 .
Here ’s how I did it :
PC / Windows Instructions
1. Download this carrier update file ( v5.0 ) if you are running iPhone firmware 3.0 or 3.0.1 ( it might work with lower firmware but I have n’t confirmed it . )
If you are on the new 3.1 , download here ( v5.1 ) .
2. Close iTunes .
3. Click Start >
Run > type : cmd then press enter .
Run this command : “ C: \Program Files\iTunes\iTunes.exe ” / setPrefInt carrier - testing 1
4. Open iTunes .
5 . Hold the shift key while clicking update under your iPhone in iTunes .
6 . Change the file type to “ iPhone Carrier Configuration files ” by clicking in the the bottom right corner and switching to *.ipcc .
7 . Find the file of the carrier update you just saved to your computer in step 1 , select it and click open .
8 . You iPhone is now updated .
You may have MMS right away if AT&T has removed your opt - out code but mine took a few days .
9 . To allow for Visual Voicemail to work on firmware 3.0 & 3.0.1 using carrier file v5.0 , go to your Settings app > General > Network > Cellular Data Network > and under Visual Voicemail change wap.cingular to acds.voicemail
10 .
Double check your MMS settings below the Visual Voicemail settings above to match this ( do not enter anything in blank fields ) :
APN : wap.cingular
Username :
Password :
MMSC : mmsc.cingular.com
MMS Proxy : 066.209.011.32
MMS Max Message Size : 614400
MMS UA Prof URL :
NOTE : If you are on EDGE it will take a while for the image to send .
If AT&T has n’t removed the opt - out code on your account yet , you will get a red exclamation point next to the message .
Mac / OS X Instructions
1. Download this carrier update file if you are running iPhone firmware 3.0 or 3.0.1 ( it might work with lower firmware but I have n’t confirmed it . )
If you are on the new 3.1 , download here .
2. Close iTunes .
3 . Open the Terminal Application and run this command : defaults write com.apple .iTunes carrier - testing - bool TRUE
4. Open iTunes
5 . Hold the alt key while clicking update under your iPhone in iTunes .
6 . Find your file of the carrier update you downloaded and select it .
7 . Wait for the update .
Once it ’s done , turn off your iPhone and turn it back on .
8 . You iPhone is now updated .
You may have MMS right away if AT&T has removed your opt - out code but mine took a few days .
9 . To allow for Visual Voicemail to work on firmware 3.0 & 3.0.1 using carrier file v5.0 , go to your Settings app > General > Network > Cellular Data Network > and under Visual Voicemail change wap.cingular to acds.voicemail
10 .
Double check your MMS settings below the Visual Voicemail settings above to match this ( do not enter anything in blank fields ) :
APN : wap.cingular
Username :
Password :
MMSC : mmsc.cingular.com
MMS Proxy : 066.209.011.32
MMS Max Message Size : 614400
MMS UA Prof URL :
NOTE : If you are on EDGE it will take a while for the image to send .
If AT&T has n’t removed the opt - out code on your account yet , you will get a red exclamation point next to the message .
ScreenShots
[ nggallery id =41 ]
Home > Business > Insurance Claims Transcription
Insurance Transcription
Your time is valuable – allow us to document your dictations ,
Transcriptions Service renders typing services for all documentations required by insurance companies that includes insurance claims , field investigations , summary report , fraud investigation reports , insurance claimant statements , insurance interviews , telephone conversations , insurance meetings , medical insurance , property insurance , legal and workers compensation documents .
Our company ’s website facilitates uploads of sound recordings of your dictations , you can either use a digital voice recorder for dictations or record audio using any other equipment making sure that the speech of the speaker is loud and clear .
If for some reasons your recordings are on a compact disc or a mini compact disc , you can choose to mail it to us on our company address .
The length of the audio sent is of no consequence , we process all assignments that sent to us in 48 hours or two working days .
The company pricing is amongst the lowest in the industry , guaranteed to save customers approximately 30 % to 40 % , call us toll free 1-877-323-4707 and get free trial offers ..
The native English speakers process the assignments ensuring an accuracy level of 99 % .
Insurance transcription
Insurance claims transcription
Field investigation transcription
Summary report transcription
Fraud investigation reports
Insurance related Legal documents
Insurance interview transcription
Telephone conversation transcription
Insurance meetings
Medical insurance transcription
Property insurance transcriptions
Workers compensation claims
Investigative Transcription Services
Our transcriptions services are also available for
Audio Transcriptions
Television Transcriptions
Video Transcriptions
Internet Transcriptions
Mininova has lost its civil dispute with Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN .
The judge ruled that Mininova is not directly responsible for any copyright infringement , but ordered it to remove all torrents linking to copyrighted material within three months , or face a penalty of up to 5 million euros .
Mininova were sued this spring by BREIN , an outfit which protects the rights of several large entertainment industry corporations .
Today , the judge ruled that the world ’s largest BitTorrent indexer has been ordered to clean up its site and remove all torrents that link to infringing content .
BREIN ’s intention was not to shut down the site .
Instead , the organization called for a filter based on infringing keywords and possibly digital fingerprints to guarantee that the rights holders have sufficient means to protect their content .
The court agreed with BREIN ’s assessment that Mininova is not doing enough to protect the rights of copyright holders , and ordered the site to remove all torrent files that link to infringing content within three months , or pay a penalty of 1000 Euro per infringing torrent with a maximum of 5 million euros ( $ 7 million ) .
Mininova ’s notice and takedown policy that allows copyright holders to remove infringing torrents is not sufficient , the court said .
Interestingly , the recently announced copyright filter that Mininova launched together with the Motion Picture Association ( MPA ) was n’t mentioned in the verdict .
The court did not agree with Mininova ’s defense that it is impossible to moderate all torrents that are uploaded to the site .
It further said that Mininova is encouraging its users to download copyrighted material , helped by the several moderators that the site has in place .
The moderators keep the site clean and ‘ family friendly ’ by removing torrents that link to adult content , viruses and fake files .
They do this proactively and in response to user feedback , the court concluded , pointing out that they should also be able to moderate torrents that link to copyrighted material .
It was further concluded that Mininova profits from copyright infringement though the ads that appear on the site .
Mininova co-founder Erik Dubbelboer said in a response : “ We are obviously not happy with the verdict . ”
Mininova is considering to appeal the decision , which they have to do within three months
Developing story .
Whether or not the Founders or Framers — the people who helped to form the American government — influenced the structure of the United States government is a fairly raucous debate that recurs again and again .
We are reminded of it by the recent posting of Erik Jensen ’s 1991 paper repudiating the connection between the Haudenosaunee Great Law of Peace and the American constitutional structure of federalism ( here ) .
Shortly thereafter ( in 1993 ) , Robert Miller published a paper purporting to show both significant “ positive ” and “ negative ” influences from tribal nations ( not just the Haudenosaunee ) on the Framers ( Miller ’s paper here ) .
And there are numerous other studies in other fields , some of which get pretty vituperative .
We are struck by the superficial aspects of the origins of both the Haudenosaunee Confederation and the United States — uniting to confront a common enemy , it would seem .
And we are struck by the amount of scholarly ( and other ) literature that seeks a connection between the Haudenosaunee and Ben Franklin , and the amount of writing generated to harshly debunk those theories .
We want your opinions on this subject .
Why is it important to many Indians that the American Constitution have Indian roots or influence ?
Why is it important to others that the American Constitution be free of Indian roots or influence ?
And finally :
Do you think the American Constitution would look the same if the Founders had no knowledge of tribal nations ?
U.S. Open Ball Boy Falls Face First Over Barrier : Video
The entertaining team of John & Patrick McEnroe had a great target tonight during the U.S. Open match between Andy Murray and Ernests Gulbis .
An over - exuberant ball boy chased down an errant ball and tried to vault over the sideline advertising , only to slip on it and tumble face first into the ground .
The kid tried to shrug it off with a smile , but the McEnroes and the rest of the crowd in Flushing also had a good laugh at his expense for the next couple of minutes .
So let ’s see here …
Guy falling over while chasing a ball … check
Possible injury … check
Failure in Queens … check
Someone get him a September call - up to the Mets .
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
MG Rover collapsed with debts of £ 1bn A report into the collapse of carmaker MG Rover will say that five executives took £ 42 m in pay and pensions from the troubled firm , the BBC has learned .
Independent inspectors said the men behind the takeover and the executive they appointed enriched themselves as Rover headed for insolvency .
Despite the criticism , it does not accuse them of breaking the law .
The long - awaited report into the 2005 collapse of the Birmingham - based firm is due to be released later .
The independent probe has taken more than four years to complete and has cost the taxpayer about £ 16 m .
The BBC 's business editor Robert Peston said it was a " humiliating 800 - page catalogue of how they enriched themselves while the last UK - owned mass market motor manufacturer hurtled towards insolvency " .
The four executives in control of MG Rover , the so - called Phoenix Four , have always denied any wrongdoing .
According to the report by Gervase MacGregor of accountants BDO Stoy Hayward and Guy Newey QC , MG Rover chairman John Towers , ex-vice chairman Nick Stephenson , Peter Beale and John Edwards received around £ 9 m .
Their chief executive , Kevin Howe , is said to have taken £ 5.7 m .
MG ROVER'S DEMISE 2000 : Sold by BMW to the Phoenix Four for £ 10 2000 - 2004 : Made losses of £ 611 m in the first four years 2004 : Started talks with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation ( SAIC ) 2005 : SAIC pulled out of a deal to save the whole company and MG Rover goes into administration 2006 : MG Rover 's assets sold to Nanjing Automobile 2007 : Nanjing resumes MG production at the Longbridge plant 2009 : Serious Fraud Office investigates circumstances of collapse but says no plans for criminal charges 2009 : Long - awaited report , which has cost more than £ 16 m , due to be released
Timeline : MG Collapse
In pictures : Rover 's history Robert Peston on Rover The Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) has said it does not intend to launch a criminal investigation into the collapse , which saw about 6,500 people lose their jobs .
The Phoenix Four came in for criticism in the wake of the firm 's collapse when it was revealed that they had taken millions in pay and pensions from the company they bought from BMW for a nominal sum in 2000 .
They had been " flabbergasted " when Business Secretary Lord Mandelson referred the matter to the SFO , a spokesman for the group said .
Debt - laden
The Conservatives have been calling for the report to be published for some time , suggesting that the government delayed its release because there were criticisms of Labour ministers within it .
The inquiry , carried out by independent inspectors appointed by the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills , is due at 0900 BST on Friday .
Having been quizzed as part of the probe , the Phoenix Four are understood to have seen the report , but have signed secrecy clauses in a bid to prevent public leaks .
The four took control of MG Rover in May 2000 after buying it from previous owner BMW for a nominal £ 10 - beating off an approach from venture capitalists Alchemy Partners .
They also gained an interest - free loan of £ 427 m from the German carmaker .
They were eventually unable to turn around MG Rover 's fortunes and it went into administration under insolvency procedures in April 2005 , with debts of more than £ 1bn .
Its assets were subsequently sold in 2006 to China 's Nanjing Automobile , which revived the MG sports car brand , but moved most of the production to China .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Probable everyone has at some point , a little anyway .
I think a lot of those people are withdrawn from society or suffer some form of mental illness .
No GOM Classic Season 4 ?
Text by Husky
More updates and stuff ( October 14th )
From lilsusie on Twitter .
More updates and stuff ( October 14th ) From lilsusie on Twitter .
" spoke to someone at GOM today , S4 is definitely in the works !
no further information than that though ... will keep you all posted ! "
Update September 30
On September 30 2009 13:32 lilsusie wrote :
( Changed the guy 's name to protect identity )
Susan says :
when is season 4 starting ?
many people are asking
GOM guy says :
oh ..
블리자드랑 케스파랑 협의 중이에요 ( Blizzard and Kespa are in negotiations )
아마 12월쯤 ( Possibly , December-ish )
Susan says :
ah , ok .
thank you
GOM guy says :
^^
Super Daniel Man just posted this on Twitter :
Super Daniel
Man just posted this on Twitter : as of now I can safely say there wo n't be any more gomtv leagues with progamers in it .
Does anyone know more about this ?
I tried replying to it but do n't expect him to respond .
It would be a sad , sad day indeed if GOMTV is n't going to have a season 4 , especially since they just got the backing of Blizzard .
Please post here if you hear anything more about this .
UPDATE
Does anyone know more about this ?
I tried replying to it but do n't expect him to respond .
It would be a sad , sad day indeed if GOMTV is n't going to have a season 4 , especially since they just got the backing of Blizzard .
Please post here if you hear anything more about this .
well , to make the long story short , under kespa there are 12 teams and most of them decided not to participate .
Also , a recent reply to this thread from Kennigit :
Also , a recent reply to this thread from Kennigit : I spoke with daniel on msn a few hours ago .
it 's 100 % real .
ANOTHER UPDATE
I just want to point out that I said " as of now " meaning it 's pending , nothing was stated on the record .
Is there still hope ?
More
Is there still hope ?
to me it 's pretty certain that league wo n't continue , at least not in the same fashion as last season ,
nothing was stated on the record by them is what I meant , oh and everything I say is I do it of my own volition , and I always go on record !
I think tweeting is pretty much going on record lol , appropriate time to quote a movie I think Denzel washington in the movie
said one of the best lines in a movie " KING KONG AIN'T GOT SHIT ON ME " .
Damn
I love that line , it 's been part of my lingual for years now .
so that 's what I say to ppl that got upset by my tweet here in Korea , particularly you know who , oh I also want to say to them ,
" KING KONG DOES HAVE SHIT ON YOU " Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts Last Edited : 2009-09-14 08:23:31 # 2 OMG STX / KESPA /GOM DRAMA KEPT JULYZERG FROM GOING TO BLIZZCON
too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
STX stood by KESPA , hate it when players gets left out because of politics .
Blizzard holding hands with GOMTV is n't affecting KESPA at all .
THERE NEEDS TO BE 20 PAGES OF RAGE ABOUT THIS THERE NEEDS TO BE 20 PAGES OF RAGE ABOUT THIS Moderator Good content always wins .
village_idiot Profile Blog Joined July 2008 2424 Posts # 3 I 'm thinking " foreigner tournament " or " amateur tournament " .
But I 'm also thinking " no tournament " .
alffla Profile Blog Joined November 2005 Hong Kong 20296 Posts # 4
blizzard go sponsor again luls wtf ? blizzard go sponsor again luls Graphics savior [ gm ] :
What is a “ yawn ” rape ;; Masumune -
It was the year of the pig for those fucking defilers .
Chill - A clinic you say ?
okum : SC without Korean yelling is like porn without sex .
konamix : HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY !
SnowFantasy Profile Blog Joined September 2006 4147 Posts # 5 Hmmm .
Comparing these two :
" as of now I can safely say there wo n't be any more gomtv leagues "
" as of now I can safely say there wo n't be any more gomtv leagues with progamers in it . "
That is big I think .
They might just be moving in a different direction .
Pyrrhuloxia Profile Blog Joined May 2008 United States 6697 Posts Last Edited : 2009-09-14 08:18:37 # 6 :'(
T_T
Pyrrhuloxia Profile Blog Joined May 2008 United States 6697 Posts # 7 On September 14 2009 17:08 motbob wrote :
OMG STX / KESPA / GOM DRAMA KEPT JULYZERG FROM GOING TO BLIZZCON
Show nested quote +
too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
Was n't drama ; July could n't go because he lost to Effort .
Was n't drama ; July could n't go because he lost to Effort .
blabber Profile Blog Joined June 2007 United States 4380 Posts # 8 On September 14 2009 17:08 motbob wrote :
Tasteless is out of a job oh no , everyone panic
Show nested quote +
STX stood by KESPA , hate it when players gets left out because of politics .
Blizzard holding hands with GOMTV is n't affecting KESPA at all .
Without STX I guess GOM decided to give up .
OMG STX / KESPA / GOM DRAMA KEPT JULYZERG FROM GOING TO BLIZZCON
Show nested quote +
too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
THERE NEEDS TO BE 20 PAGES OF RAGE ABOUT THIS Tasteless is out of a job oh no , everyone panicWithout STX I guess GOM decided to give up .
THERE NEEDS TO BE 20 PAGES OF RAGE ABOUT THIS
I think he was referring to how July finished 4th in the tourney ( needed 3rd to be considered ) I think he was referring to how July finished 4th in the tourney ( needed 3rd to be considered ) blabberrrrr
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 9 On September 14 2009 17:19 Pyrrhuloxia wrote :
Show nested quote +
On September 14 2009 17:08 motbob wrote :
OMG STX / KESPA / GOM DRAMA KEPT JULYZERG FROM GOING TO BLIZZCON
too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
Was n't drama ; July could n't go because he lost to Effort .
Was n't drama ; July could n't go because he lost to Effort .
Whats sad is Iris and Flash both didnt go to Blizzcon , so JulyZerg would have been able to just fine .
And they RANDOMLY took Zero ( I love Zero btw ) .
Who knows ...
Whats sad is Iris and Flash both didnt go to Blizzcon , so JulyZerg would have been able to just fine .
And they RANDOMLY took Zero ( I love Zero btw ) .
Who knows ...
Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts # 10 On September 14 2009 17:19 blabber wrote :
Show nested quote +
On September 14 2009 17:08 motbob wrote :
Tasteless is out of a job oh no , everyone panic
STX stood by KESPA , hate it when players gets left out because of politics .
Blizzard holding hands with GOMTV is n't affecting KESPA at all .
Without STX I guess GOM decided to give up .
OMG STX / KESPA / GOM DRAMA KEPT JULYZERG FROM GOING TO BLIZZCON
too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
THERE NEEDS TO BE 20 PAGES OF RAGE ABOUT THIS Tasteless is out of a job oh no , everyone panicWithout STX I guess GOM decided to give up .
THERE NEEDS TO BE 20 PAGES OF RAGE ABOUT THIS
I think he was referring to how July finished 4th in the tourney ( needed 3rd to be considered ) I think he was referring to how July finished 4th in the tourney ( needed 3rd to be considered )
" too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
STX stood by KESPA , hate it when players gets left out because of politics .
Blizzard holding hands with GOMTV is n't affecting KESPA at all . "
That was SDM 's full statement ( you have to read Twitter posts backwards . )
It 's clear that July could n't go because of STX breaking with GOM .
" too bad julyzerg can't goto blizzcon I know how much that boy wanted to go , he was next in line to go , after flash and iris .
STX stood by KESPA , hate it when players gets left out because of politics .
Blizzard holding hands with GOMTV is n't affecting KESPA at all .
" That was SDM 's full statement ( you have to read Twitter posts backwards . )
It 's clear that July could n't go because of STX breaking with GOM .
Moderator Good content always wins .
Chrispy Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Canada 3543 Posts # 11
Well then .
I think I speak for the entirety of Foreign Broodwar fans when I say ...
Fuck you , Kespa !
I tell people I play this game for money all the time .
650 RP is n't much , but it pays the bills .
ლ( ́◉◞౪◟◉‵ლ )
FabledIntegral Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United States 9206 Posts # 12 I really want Blizzard to somehow intervene and fuck Kespa hard ...
Oh man I loveeed GOM .
Should n't the title read GOM 4 not 3 ?
I was confused when I clicked the thread ( although it clears up immediately after reading OP ) .
youlijp Profile Joined February 2009 Brazil 112 Posts # 13
Unbelievable that progamers wont be participating on gomtv tournaments anymore .. djzs christ " I hate quotations " - Chang E. I .
Manifesto7 Profile Blog Joined November 2002 Osaka 26237 Posts # 14
Time for foriegners to fill in the void and make GOM international .
I know Tasteless is in America until Oct 3rd or so according to facebook .
Moderator @ Manifesto7 - Ancient .
motbob Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 12383 Posts # 15 On September 14 2009 17:30 Manifesto7 wrote :
Time for foriegners to fill in the void and make GOM international .
I know Tasteless is in America until Oct 3rd or so according to facebook .
A new business model for GOM ?
- Foreign sponsors
- Foreign players
- Professional casters
- Top foreigners go to Blizzcon ?
Top foreigners get flown to Korea for the finals ?
LOTS of people watch GOM .
It 's got a huge following outside of TL .
A new business model for GOM ?- Foreign sponsors - Foreign players - Professional casters - Top foreigners go to Blizzcon ?
Top foreigners get flown to Korea for the finals ?
LOTS of people watch GOM .
It 's got a huge following outside of TL .
Moderator Good content always wins .
SpiritWolf Profile Joined July 2008 United States 127 Posts # 16
The blacklisting of gom really does n't surprise me .
Gom is supported by blizzard .
Kespa does n't want blizzard to encroach on their market so they are discouraging players from doing gom .
When SC2 comes out kespa will get owned and back down or gom will become the main source for sc2 .
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 17
Oh oops , I messed up the title .
If someone could change it to ' Season 4 ' instead of 3 it would make a lot more sense .
Thanks !
Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
p4NDemik Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United States 13895 Posts # 18 Honestly
I wo n't miss the tournament as a whole very much - there 's just so many games being played when PL / MSL / OSL all get running at full speed , and GOM was never something I would make time to watch .
I will however miss the chances to see unique / old - timer gamers in proper televised matches and not just prelims .
Moderator
aers Profile Joined January 2009 United States 1173 Posts # 19
He posted another twitter , btw : well , to make the long story short , under kespa there are 12 teams and most of them decided not to participate .
http://twitter.com/superdanielman/status/3976454993
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 20 On September 14 2009 17:48 aers wrote :
He posted another twitter , btw :
Show nested quote +
well , to make the long story short , under kespa there are 12 teams and most of them decided not to participate .
http://twitter.com/superdanielman/status/3976454993
He posted another twitter , btw :
Updated Updated Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
1 2 3 4 5 19 20 21 Next All
LONDON  Despite all its big spending , Manchester City appears certain to be without four top strikers when it takes on defending Premier League champion Manchester United in a local derby on Sunday .
Emmanuel Adebayor will miss the game at Old Trafford because of suspension , Robinho and Roque Santa Cruz are injured and Carlos Tevez is also unlikely to face his former club because of a knee problem he picked up playing for Argentina .
Coming off a 4 - 2 victory over Arsenal and holding a record of four wins in four games , third - place Man City hopes to underline its title claims by beating a team which has won the Premier League three seasons in a row and 11 times in 17 seasons .
If City pulls off a victory under these circumstances , then the club that is now powered by the immense finance of an Abu Dhabi business consortium will demonstrate it has the talent on the field to win the league title for the first time since 1968 .
The absence of the four strikers is expected to leave City with the talented but erratic Craig Bellamy and the unpredictable Benjani Mwaruwari up front .
United , however , can call upon a wealth of attacking talent that includes Wayne Rooney , Dimitar Berbatov and Michael Owen .
United is also buoyed by an impressive come - from - behind 3 - 1 victory at Tottenham last week to rise to second in the standings behind Chelsea .
The Red Devils also had a routine 1 - 0 Champions League win at Turkey 's Besiktas on Tuesday .
Rooney will be eager to make a mark against City after showing his anger when he was substituted against Besiktas , having a row with the home team 's fans and then taking off a boot and slamming it onto the ground .
United manager Alex Ferguson put that down to Rooney 's winning mentality , saying his only concern for Sunday 's game was the fitness of Rio Ferdinand .
" We 'll have to wait and see , " Ferguson said .
" He felt his groin in training ( after the victory at Tottenham ) , and we felt it was n't worth the risk .
He could n't make the bench .
We just have to give him every chance for Sunday . "
City manager Mark Hughes already knew he would be without Robinho and Santa Cruz and does n't hold out much hope Tevez will recover from his injury .
But Adebayor became his latest absentee on Thursday after the Football Association banned the Togo striker for three games after kicking out and catching Arsenal 's Robin van Persie on the side of the head .
That means Sunday 's game is the first he misses with a possible further ban to come next month .
After scoring against former club Arsenal on Saturday , Adebayor raced from one end of the field to the other to celebrate in front of the Gunners fans who had been taunting him throughout the game .
That resulted in the FA also charging him with improper conduct .
He has until Sept. 30 to respond to that and faces the likelihood of another suspension if found guilty .
Meanwhile , Chelsea has a three - point lead at the top of the standings and hopes to maintain its perfect start of five wins in a row by beating Tottenham at home on Sunday .
The Blues also won in Europe on Tuesday , beating FC Porto 1 - 0 at home , and manager Carlo Ancelotti has quickly got the players to adapt to his diamond midfield formation .
Liverpool also won in the Champions League on Wednesday , edging Hungary 's Debrecen 1 - 0 and hopes to improve its chances of winning the English league title for the first time since 1990 by winning at West Ham on Saturday .
After losing two Premier League games in a row , Arsenal came from two goals down to win its Champions League game 3 - 2 at Standard Liege and lift confidence ahead of a home game against Wigan .
Saturday 's other games are : Aston Villa vs. Portsmouth ; Bolton vs. Stoke ; Burnley vs. Sunderland and Hull vs. Birmingham .
On Sunday , it 's Everton vs. Blackburn and Wolves vs. Fulham .
The three clubs relegated from the Premier League last season are leading the race to gain promotion from the League Championship , and two of them face each other on Saturday .
West Bromwich Albion holds a one - point lead over Middlesbrough and goes to the Riverside , while third - place Newcastle , also a point behind the Baggies , hosts Plymouth .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Erosion threatens to topple coastal Alaska villages .
Melting ice threatens polar bears .
Now , a marine scientist says the state 's marine waters are turning acidic from absorbing greenhouse gases faster than tropical waters , potentially endangering Alaska 's $ 4.6 billion fishing industry .
The same things that make Alaska 's marine waters among the most productive in the world — cold , shallow depths and abundant marine life — make them the most vulnerable to acidification , says Jeremy Mathis , a chemical oceanographer at the University of Alaska Fairbanks .
" Ecosystems in Alaska are going to take a hit from ocean acidification , " he says .
" Right now , we do n't know how they are going to respond . "
Alaska has already seen more than its share of global warming effects : shrinking glaciers , coastal erosion , the march north of destructive forest beetles formerly held in check by cold winters , melting Arctic Ocean ice that also threatens walrus and other marine mammals .
Ocean acidification , the lowering of basicity and the increase in acidity of marine waters , is tied to increased carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere .
Oceans absorb 22 million tons of carbon dioxide from human activities per day , removing 30 percent emitted to the atmosphere each year and mitigating the harmful impact of greenhouse gas , according to the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission .
When carbon dioxide dissolves in sea water , it forms carbonic acid .
That decreases the amount of calcium carbonate , used by marine creatures to construct shells or skeletons .
Mathis last spring collected water in the Gulf of Alaska and found samples to be more acidic than expected — and higher than in tropical waters .
The results matched his findings in the Chukchi and Bering seas off Alaska 's west and northwest coast .
Cold water absorbs and holds more gas than warm water , Mathis says .
His research in the Gulf of Alaska uncovered multiple sites where concentrations of shell - building minerals were so low , that shellfish , including crab , and other organisms would be unable to build strong shells .
" We 're not saying that crab shells are going to start dissolving , but these organisms have adapted their physiology to a certain range of acidity , " Mathis says .
" Early results have shown that when some species of crabs and fish are exposed to more acidic water , certain stress hormones increase and their metabolism slows down .
" If they are spending energy responding to acidity changes , then that energy is diverted away from growth , foraging and reproduction . "
Acidification could affect the tiny pteropod , also known as a sea butterfly or swimming sea snail .
It is at the base of the food chain and makes up nearly half of the diet of pink salmon .
A 10 percent decrease in pteropods could mean a 20 percent decrease in an adult salmon 's body weight .
" This is a case where we see ocean acidification having an indirect effect on a commercially viable species by reducing its food supply , " Mathis says .
The shallow waters of Alaska 's broad continental shelves also retain more carbon dioxide because there is less mixing from deeper ocean waters .
Another contributor is the rich biological life of Alaska waters , from tiny plankton to humpback whales .
All use oxygen and emit CO2 .
Mathis and other scientists call it the " biological pump . "
Phytoplankton , like other plant life , absorbs CO2 and gives off oxygen , but when it dies and sinks in the shallow Alaska waters , decomposes and adds carbon to the water column .
Mathis has been warning fisheries managers around the state of ocean acidification .
He has been hearing back of salmon returns with fewer , smaller fish reaching streams .
" We can't correlate that yet to ocean acidification or any climate process , " he says .
" We can not make those connections yet but there 's indications in the ecosystem that the ecosystems are stressed . "
He says there should be a twofold course of action : increasing studies and observation of the effects of ocean acidification , and reducing carbon emissions .
A future study will look at the physiological impact of acidification on one of Alaska 's money fish , pollock .
A graduate student will rear pollock from hatch and study them in the larval and juvenile stages under different acidified conditions , looking for decreases in body mass , increases in stress hormones and other physiological indicators .
Pollock is the largest US fishery by volume .
Annual catches average 2.5 billion pounds ( 1.1 billion kilograms ) and provide raw material for fish sticks and fast food fish sandwiches .
Ocean acidification could be a blow to commercial fishing , which accounts for 50 percent of US seafood production .
The Center for Biological Diversity , citing Mathis ' findings , renewed its call for Alaska to declare its waters impaired under the Clean Water Act .
The state last year rejected the group 's first request for the declaration .
The commercial fishing industry is concerned , says Dave Benton , director of the Marine Conservation Alliance , a trade group representing fishing interests from rural Alaska village associations to factory trawlers , and about 70 percent of the production of North Pacific fisheries .
" It 's a real problem , " Benton says .
" The science is pointing in a bad direction .
We do n't know how far it may go , we do n't now how fast it may progress or anything . "
Chinese visitors to a notorious village street in Hubei province were recently met with a shocking scene .
With no municipal waste disposal service whatsoever , and no initiative on the part of residents , the garbage is simply dumped on the side of the street , abutting a river ( itself already polluted ) .
However , dense clouds of flies soon form , so someone sets fire to the refuse to drive them off .
This causes the rubbish to burn slowly for days , spreading a disgusting miasma of smoke from burning filth and plastic throughout the area , which happens to be used by children on their way to school and students on their way to university .
After the rubbish is burnt off , fresh rubbish is dumped on top and the cycle repeats .
This “ waste management ” approach has apparently been used for many years , with no end in sight .
Via Gigazine .
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
Empire of Illusion ~ Chris Hedges
The United Nations ' International Labor Organization estimates that some 50 million workers will lose their jobs worldwide in 2009 .
The collapse had already seen close to 4 million lost jobs in the United States by mid-2009 .
The International Monetary Fund 's prediction for global economic growth in 2009 is 0.5 % -- the worst since the Second World War .
There were 2.3 million properties in the United States that received a default notice or were repossessed in 2008 .
And this number is set to rise , especially as vacant commercial real estate begins to be foreclosed .
About 20,000 major global banks collapsed , were sold , or were nationalized in 2008 .
An estimated 62,000 U.S. companies are expected to shut down in 2009 .
Meanwhile , our government is being wrecked by corporations , which now receive 40 % of federal discretionary spending .
More than 800,000 jobs , once handled by government employees , have been outsourced to corporations , a move that has not only further empowered our shadow / corporate government but also helped destroy federal workforce unions .
Management of federal prisons , the management of regulatory and scientific reviews , the processing or denial of Freedom of Information requests , interrogating prisoners , and running the world 's largest mercenary army in Iraq -- all this has become corporate .
And these corporations , in a perverse arrangement , make their money directly off of the American citizen .
This devil 's deal is but an expansion of the corporate welfare enjoyed by the defense industry : Halliburton in 2003 was given a no-bid and non-compete $ 7 billion contract to repair Iraq 's oil fields as well as the power to oversee and control all of Iraq 's oil production .
This has now become $ 130 billion in contract awards to Halliburton .
And flush with taxpayer dollars , what has Halliburton done ?
It has made sure that only thirty - six of its 143 subsidiary companies are incorporated in the United States and that 107 of its subsidiaries ( or 75 % ) are incorporated in thirty different countries .
This arrangement allows Halliburton to lower its tax liability on foreign income by establishing " controlled foreign corporations , " i.e. subsidiaries , that are located inside low - tax , or no -tax , countries that are thereby used as tax havens .
Thus the corporations take our money , squander it , and cleverly evade taxation " " all at our expense .
And our corporately infiltrated and corporately controlled government not only funds them but protects them !
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Russian “ Sayano - Shushenskoe ” ( yep it ’s hard to read name ) hydro electric power plant is the biggest hydro power plant in Russia , and the biggest ( in terms of production ) electric generating unit in Russia .
It ’s power output exceeds 6400 Megawatts and is in the Guinness records book .
Now , today messages started arriving about a huge explosion on the site .
Later , those were confirmed by some official media though according to the witnesses they underestimate the damage .
Here we have the fresh shots from the territory surrounded by emergency services .
They tell that eleven people died and fifty - six are missing .
The signs of panic appeared among locals from the surrounding villages and towns .
They fear that in case of further damage the dam could let the water freely go thus meaning that thousand of houses would be flooded .
Locals went to the nearest hills trying while waiting for further news , waiting for some doom on the hilltops with a pleasant view overlooking their houses .
And the video :
And that ’s how it looked like before :
And a link to Google Maps to see how big the station really is
some images via nakaba
Swine - flu false alarms crowd Houston ERs Swine - flu false alarms crowd area ERs
If you have mild symptoms , doctors say it ’s best to stay home
Parents panicked over whether their sick children might have swine flu are unnecessarily clogging Houston 's emergency rooms , and supplies of the most popular flu symptom - fighting drug are n't meeting the region 's demand , health officials said Thursday .
Waiting rooms at both children 's hospitals in the Texas Medical Center are packed at levels typically seen in January , the peak of traditional flu season , officials said .
Texas Children 's Hospital opened an outdoor assessment center under a tent Wednesday afternoon to handle a 40 percent increase in patients .
Children 's Memorial Hermann Hospital has had an equivalent increase in flu patients , spokeswoman Jennifer Hart said , and there 's been a significant uptick at Memorial Hermann 's community hospitals .
Clinicians say the scene is similar to what happened in the spring , when the H1N1 , also known as swine flu , broke out in Mexico and was transmitted across the globe .
Children and young adults are especially at risk , having the highest rates of hospitalization and deaths .
Meanwhile , federal health officials on Thursday said the first swine flu vaccinations should be available in the coming weeks , though there wo n't initially be enough for everyone to be treated .
“ We are likely to have some initial doses available the first full week in October , ” said U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius .
Sebelius said 6 million to 7 million doses will be available in that initial batch .
Priority will be given to those considered most vulnerable , including children , pregnant women and health workers .
By mid-October , roughly 40 million doses will be distributed , officials said .
And every week thereafter , 10 million to 20 million doses will roll out across America .
The federal government has purchased 250 million vaccines , “ enough for everyone in America who wants a vaccine , ” Sebelius said .
H1N1 vaccine requests
While providers order seasonal flu vaccines directly from manufacturers , states are coordinating distribution of H1N1 vaccine .
More than 1,700 providers in Harris County are among 11,000 in Texas that have requested H1N1 vaccine .
Texas is expected to receive 14 million doses .
“ We 're working out details on how to do the distribution , ” said Doug McBride , spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services .
Officials are predicting an especially deadly flu season .
“ Some people , especially those who are very young , who have chronic health conditions and those who are pregnant continue to have a tough time with this disease , ” said Dr. Anne Schuchat , immunization director for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
“ We think severe cases and even deaths may be great this year . ”
Such warnings are sending parents who would rather be safe than sorry to Houston hospitals .
Local health officials , however , encourage patients to stay home and skip a trip to the ER or clinic if they have mild symptoms .
Instead , consider “ telephone triage , ” said Dr. Herminia Palacio , Harris County 's public health authority .
She said patients and parents should ask : “ Am I somebody who needs to come in to be seen or am I somebody who can really stay at home and manage myself ? ”
But , for someone seriously ill or with an underlying health condition , it 's best to seek treatment immediately .
And for those who receive a prescription , Tamiflu — a drug that lessens symptoms and cuts illness by about one day — can be tough to find .
“ I'm hearing from a lot of folks that the pharmacies do n't have it , ” said Dr. David Persse , the city of Houston 's public health authority .
That 's dangerous for people in high - risk groups .
“ If they should develop symptoms , we want to make sure there 's enough Tamiflu for those folks , ” Persse said .
Whether it 's injected or inhaled , the preventive doses purchased on the federal government 's dime could still cost patients .
An administrative fee , which will vary and hover around $ 20 for Texans , can be charged to patients , Medicaid or private insurance .
The UT Physicians practice , which has requested 7,200 doses , does n't plan to charge an administrative fee for established patients who want the vaccine , CEO Andrew Casas said .
Other practices indicated they need to cover the costs of nurses ' time .
On Thursday , health officials in Washington , D.C. , and Houston implored people to take all precautions to avoid influenza : Stay isolated if you get sick , wash and sanitize hands frequently , avoid close contact and get both seasonal flu and swine flu shots .
“ So for now , get your seasonal flu shot because that 's available , ” Palacio said .
“ When H1N1 vaccine become available , please look at that priority list .
From the beginning , allow those people to come forward . ”
cindy.george@chron.com
SAME sex couples in Ipswich can legally become parents after the State Government moved to decriminalise altruistic surrogacy .
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh has announced altruistic surrogacy for all Queenslanders , gay or straight , would be legal by the end of the year .
Ipswich Baptist Church Senior Pastor Ashley Saunders said the decision was a sad moment for the children who would grow up with same - sex parents .
Mr Saunders said the decision “ dishonoured God ” .
“ I am convinced the natural family that God created is a mum and a dad , ” Mr Saunders said .
“ I feel sad for the children who will grow up with either two mums or two dads .
“ I do n't think that is best for the child . ”
Altruistic surrogacy occurs when a woman agrees , for no financial gain , to become pregnant and bear a child for another person or persons .
The Queensland Association for Healthy Communities ( QAHC ) , a gay - rights advocacy group , welcomed the government 's decision .
“ We also call on the government to introduce a comprehensive package of reforms , including civil partnerships and adoption for same - sex couples , ” QAHC general manager Paul Martin said .
Queensland is the only state where altruistic surrogacy is a criminal offence .
Commercial surrogacy and advertising for surrogacy births will remain illegal but the birth mother could be reimbursed for hospital and other expenses .
“ It will offer Queenslanders unable to conceive , a new optimism and , critically , the legal right to perform the role of parents that so many others may take for granted , ” Ms Bligh said .
“ Everyone - no matter their sexual status or their gender - should be afforded the privilege of parenthood . ”
Opposition leader John - Paul Langbroek said his party would not support the law .
“ To tie it to gay parenting is something that is completely unfathomable , ” Mr Langbroek said .
This is part 1 of a three - part series on user tracking on the web today .
You can read Part 2 here .
Cookies are still a privacy problem for web users , many years after privacy advocates first raised concerns about their use to track web browsing .
Today , cookies are one of the main mechanisms that advertising companies like Google use to track and profile users across sites and over time -- often building up a single gigantic profile for years and years .
Many EFF members respond to this threat by using their browsers ' cookie management features to limit which cookies they 'll accept or how long they 'll be retained .
But it turns out that the cookie situation is quite a bit trickier today , and sites that want to track users have new technical options that are hard for users to respond to .
The traditional " cookie " is an HTTP cookie , invented by Lou Montulli and John Giannandrea at Netscape in 1994 .
But today many browsers implement a range of things with the same kind of cookie - like tracking behavior -- mechanisms that are far less familiar , harder to notice , and often harder to control .
A great overview of the wide range of cookie technologies confronting us today is Cleaning Up After Cookies , an article published last year by Katherine McKinley at iSEC Partners .
McKinley describes five cookie - like tracking methods that go beyond traditional HTTP cookies , and explains how browsers often fail to let users exercise meaningful control over these varieties of tracking .
The most prominent of these tracking methods is the so - called " Flash cookie " , a kind of cookie maintained by the Adobe Flash plug - in on behalf of Flash applications embedded in web pages .
These cookie files are stored outside of the browser 's control .
Web browsers do not directly allow users to view or delete the cookies stored by a Flash application , users are not notified when such cookies are set , and these cookies never expire .
Flash cookies can track users in all the ways traditionally HTTP cookies do , and they can be stored or retrieved whenever a user accesses a page containing a Flash application .
Some of the problems are highlighted by Rob Savoye , the developer of Gnash , an open source Flash implementation .
Last month , a group of researchers at UC Berkeley led by Ashkan Soltani released a study , Flash Cookies and Privacy , about this technology and the ways it 's being used to track Internet users today .
The study found that Flash cookies are extensively used by popular sites , and that most users probably do n't know about them or how to delete them .
They also found that at least one major site uses them in a way that violates the advertising industry 's own rules on tracking .
What 's more , the Berkeley researchers found that Flash cookies are often used to deliberately circumvent users ' HTTP cookie policies .
That is , a site may intentionally store the same information redundantly in both HTTP cookie and Flash cookie forms .
When a user deletes the HTTP cookie , the site may " respawn " it from the copy that was stored as a Flash cookie !
It seems clear that site operators know many users do n't want to be tracked with cookies , but have found a way of circumventing those users ' privacy preferences .
These privacy - invasive marketing practices need greater scrutiny .
We need more research to reveal whether the other kinds of cookies McKinley described are also being used to track users , as Soltani and his collaborators showed that Flash cookies are .
It 's entirely possible that Flash cookies will turn out to be just the tip of the next - generation user tracking iceberg .
Meanwhile , browser developers should do more to let users understand and control how they 're being tracked -- using any of these techniques .
Unfortunately , Adobe has made that extremely difficult with regard to Flash cookies , since they 're stored outside of the browser 's control , and since the official Flash plug - in is n't open source , users can't easily fix this for themselves .
The BetterPrivacy Firefox plugin tries to address this by finding Flash cookies on the hard drive and regularly deleting them , but Adobe could help by ensuring their cookie system follows the browser 's privacy settings .
Clearly , there 's a lot of work to be done to bring these next - generation cookies even to the same level of visibility and control that users experience with regular HTTP cookies .
This rivalry has seen a showdown or two
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
Chess is a game that rarely draws a massive amount of attention from the global public , but a rematch between Kasparov and Karpov reminds us that it throws up the occasional great rivalry .
When Garry Kasparov challenged Anatoly Karpov in 1984 for the chess world championship , it was the beginning of a titanic struggle .
The contest lasted five months and featured a series of successive draws of 17 and 15 games .
It was controversially ended by the chess authorities over fears for the health of the players , both of whom had lost weight during the struggle .
Kasparov had been resurgent at the end , although Karpov still held a lead .
It was a gigantic metaphor for the collapse of a creaking , unviable , introspective , conglomerate empire
Grandmaster Raymond Keene on the Kasparov - Karpov battle
Kasparov and Karpov in chess duel
In 1985 , Kasparov beat Karpov for the title .
They played for it again in 1986 and again Kasparov won .
In 1987 , Kasparov was one down going into the final game , but recovered to tie the series and therefore retain his crown .
It was a great chess rivalry , but it was more than that to the watching public and pundits .
" It was very symbolic of what was happening to the Soviet Union , " says grandmaster Raymond Keene , chess correspondent for the Times .
" It was obvious the USSR was going through a period of great turmoil . "
And the rivalry was perfect in pitching a brilliant , brooding outsider against the Soviet establishment 's main man .
" Kasparov was a southerner , half - Jewish , half - Armenian , much younger , in the vanguard of a change , taking on the golden boy of the old Soviet Union , " says Keene .
This particular rivalry failed to get going Keene organised the London matches of the third series between the players in 1985 , which took place both in the UK and Leningrad .
He was surprised by the stark disparity between the Soviet and the Western ways of organising things .
In London , after the matches , a list of moves with annotation was faxed all over the world within 15 minutes of the conclusion .
In Leningrad , a sheet bearing only the moves was typed up , a press officer with a minder was taken to the local party HQ where the only photocopier was to be found , the sheet was copied and then manually handed only to the journalists present at the event .
" They were still mired in Soviet bureaucracy and fear of publicity .
I thought ' this place is doomed ' .
" It was a gigantic metaphor for the collapse of a creaking , unviable , introspective , conglomerate empire . "
There had been other rivalries that never succeeded in sparking the imagination .
Mikhail Tal against Mikhail Botvinnik in the early 1960s had the same hallmarks of the non-Russian outsider against the Soviet stalwart , but failed to develop into a sustained struggle .
And the earlier battle between Vasily Smyslov and Botvinnik is probably one for chess aficionados only .
The pair have played nearly 200 times
The other rivalry that spread outside the world of chess was between Bobby Fischer and Boris Spassky .
Their famous 1972 world championship match became another symbol of the struggle between civilisations .
Fischer was the Western maverick up against Spassky , the emblem of the powerful Soviet machine .
And Fischer won .
" It was about Western individualism , depth of analysis , use of the technology available , " says Keene .
And the notion that ideas of a greater struggle would be imposed on chess was an invention of the Stalinist era .
The Communist official Nikolai Krylenko took his board games seriously .
He was reported to have said : " We must organise shock brigades of chess players , and begin immediate realisation of a five - year plan for chess . "
Boris Spassky and Bobby Fischer was cut short , but resumed in 1992
He might have approved of the great rivalries with an ideological flavour that grew up in the 1970s and 80s .
He would have been less delighted that on both occasions the Soviet establishment 's representative was bested .
Other sports have individual rivalries .
Tennis has had some great ones .
But perhaps only boxing , with its system of champion and challengers , comes close to replicating the way that the protagonists have to study each other 's play and personality , even live in each other 's skin , during the mind - bogglingly detailed preparations for a world championship series .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
StringOfBytes : byte NBytes { $ $.value = $ 2.value ; $ 2.length = $ 1.value } NBytes : {- empty -} { $ $.value = [ ] ; unless $ $.length == 0 error } | byte NBytes { $ $.value = $ 1.value : $ 2.value ; $ 2.length = $ $.length - 1 }
StringOfBytes
NBytes
NBytes
length
NBytes
StringOfBytes : byte TakeN { $ $.value = $ 2.value ; $ 2.length = $ 1.value } TakeN : ( take $ $.length INPUTSTREAM ) { $ $ = $ 1 }
take
length
... and I 'm just too much of an idiot to see it , so maybe one of you smart people can help me .
I 'm writing a parser for a context - sensitive grammar in Haskell ( for a language that I did n't design ) .
At the moment I 'm using Happy but I 'm completely open to using parsec , uuagc , whatever will get the job done .
Here 's my problem :
All tokens of this language are bytes .
One of the nonterminals has , as its right - hand side , a byte ( which evaluates to an integer value -- I have an attribute rule for this ) followed by N bytes , where N is whatever that first byte evaluated to .
The usual attribute - grammar way to handle this seems to look a bit like this ( using an inherited attribute , and OBTW this is pseudocode ) :
Unfortunately , in most cases there 's more content past the end of the , and the way this rule is written , will happily keep shifting tokens ( bytes ) until it runs out of input and finally reduces .
This is obviously bad .
If I had some way to forceto reduce whenever theof the nestedreaches 0 , that would solve it , but I do n't see a way to impose a precedence on an attribute rule .
But that 's not even a very Haskelly way to do it ; what I 'd really like to do is more like : ... because , I mean , that 's whatis for , lazily grabbing N elements of a list .
How to do this , though , is not immediately obvious .
Having one of my token types be a partial function that I then somehow bind to the appropriatevalue would also be cool , but again I do n't see how to do this .
I'm thinking monadic parsing might be a solution , since monadic parsing lets you keep track of state and do various context - dependent things ... but I 'm at a loss as to how to actually do this .
I 've pored through the sample code that ships with Happy , but lack sufficient clue to figure out what to do with it .
If anyone can provide some guidance with this , I 'd be extremely grateful .
How To Train Your Dragon 2 First 5 Minutes + Review
21:11
Original Source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQp54Pqp76c
Watch the first 5 minutes of How To Train Your Dragon 2 today !
Plus a review of the clip from Beyond The Trailer host Grace Randolph !
http://bit.ly/subscribeBTT/nHow To Train Your Dragon 2 releases the first 5 minutes of the sequel from Dreamworks Animation !
You can see it here today plus get a review !
Beyond The Trailer host Grace Randolph gives you her reaction to the first 5 minutes of How To Train Your Dragon 2 , featuring plenty of Hiccup and Toothless !
And with Beyond The Trailer ’s Trailer Plus , you ’ll get a link to other movie news , reviews , and trailers !
Enjoy the first 5 minutes of How To Train Your Dragon 2 and the review of the clip before you see the full movie in 2014 !
And make Beyond The Trailer your first stop for entertainment news on YouTube today !
Added : 1445 days ago by moviegoer Views : 7660 Comments : 0
( Not yet rated )
Godzilla Movie Review
15:00
My livestreams : http://twitch.tv/meloniemac
Facebook : http://facebook.com/themeloniemac
Twitter : http://twitter.com/meloniemac
TwitchTV : http://twitch.tv/meloniemac
Instagram : http://instagram.com/themeloniemac/nMy review for the Godzilla 2014 movie ! 😀
Added : 1445 days ago by moviegoer Views : 4034 Comments : 0
( Not yet rated )
Gibson Les Paul Demo Guitar review
09:59
Free chord Ebook here http://www.guitarjamz.com/new_requests/nGibson
Les Paul Demo Guitar review
Added : 2497 days ago by ProductCrawler Views : 7599 Comments : 0
( 123 ratings )
Updated Skin Care Routine and Face Products I ’ve Tried
10:04
Twitter : http://www.twitter.com/iamxteeener/nFacebook
Page : http://www.facebook.com/pages/Xteeeners-MUA-Page/57086274728/nAs you can see I keep my routine very simple .
I use the same face wash and moisturizer in the morning and at night .
I only exfoliate or use a scrub about once a week .
I forgot to mention that I still mostly only drink water .
Also , I have n’t started using an eye cream yet but I really should !/ nProducts mentioned :/ nUsed regularly : - Neutrogena Oil - free Eye Makeup Remover - Walgreens Cleansing and Make - up Removing Towelettes - The Body Shop Tea Tree Oil Facial Wash - Olay Complete All Day Moisture Lotion spf15 combo/ oily skin / nUsed Occasionally : - Queen Helene Mint Julep Mask - St Ives Apricot Scrub - Neutrogena Acne Stress Control Power - Clear Scrub - Lush Ocean Salt Face and Body Scrub - Jurlique Daily Exfoliating Cream / nStopped Using : - Lush Fresh Farmacy / nInclude in new routine : - Cetaphil Daily Facial Moisturizer spf15
Added : 2497 days ago by BKeec1031 Views : 5531 Comments : 0
( Not yet rated )
Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 – Unboxing
12:59
Full review of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 coming soon to http://droiddog.com
Added : 2498 days ago by ProductCrawler Views : 7288 Comments : 0
( Not yet rated )
Herman Miller Embody Chair
01:01
My simple product review of the new Herman Miller Embody Chair .
The chair is supposedly designed specifically for people who sit at computers ,
It feel like you ’re floating and promotes health - positive sitting .
Added : 2774 days ago by robk Views : 8099 Comments : 0
( Not yet rated )
WB5500 Samsumg Camera Review 26X Optical Zoom
03:12
DSLR - like design 14 Mega Pixels Schneider - Kreuznach lens 26X optical zoom lens with a 26 mm wide angle Full Manual Mode User defined Mode Raw File Format HD Movie recording Smart Auto Smart Filter
Added : 2814 days ago by ProductCrawler Views : 8545 Comments : 0
( 11 ratings )
Leica X1 Camera Review
25:47
Leica X1 Review by taylorstockwin
Added : 2816 days ago by ProductCrawler Views : 11070 Comments : 0
( 78 ratings )
PINK PLEASE Maybelline Color Sensational Lipstick Review ( MA
03:25
I am JUST wearing the Maybelline Color Sensational “ Pink Please ” Lipstick on my lips .
Possible MAC Way to Love Lipstick Dupe / nContacts : Geo Angel Grey / nhttp://twitter.com/hollyannaeree/nNailpolish: Essie in Flirt / nMaybelline Lipstick $ 5.50 @ Target $ 6 @ Walmart
Added : 3108 days ago by BKeec1031 Views : 13539 Comments : 0
( 128 ratings )
Review : Eden Moroccan Argan Oil Pt. 1
09:39
www.edenallure.com + Eden Beauty Bar + Eden Pure Moroccan Argan Oil + Eden Botanical Beauty Moroccan Argan Oil Papaya Exfoliating Masque
Added :
Views :
Comments :
( 2 ratings )
3149 days ago by 2NE1 lives 8148
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has issued a posthumous apology for the " appalling " treatment of Alan Turing , the British code - breaker who was chemically castrated for being gay .
A portrait of Alan Turing is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery 's " Gay Icons " exhibition .
The apology came after more than 30,000 people signed an online petition on the UK Government Web site calling for the government to recognize the " tragic consequences of prejudice that ended this man 's life and career . "
Turing was just 41 years old when he committed suicide , two years after undergoing a court - ordered chemical castration .
He had been found guilty of gross indecency for having a homosexual relationship .
The punishment in 1952 was either a prison sentence or chemical castration .
Turing chose the latter .
In a statement on the British Government Web site , Prime Minister Gordon Brown acknowledged Turing 's " outstanding " contribution during World War II .
" He truly was one of those individuals we can point to whose unique contribution helped to turn the tide of war , " he wrote , adding , " The debt of gratitude he is owed makes it all the more horrifying , therefore , that he was treated so inhumanely . "
Turing is considered one of Britain 's greatest mathematicians , a genius who is credited with inventing the Bombe , a code - breaking machine that deciphered messages encoded by German Enigma machines during World War II .
He went on to develop the Turing machine , a theory that automatic computation cannot solve all mathematical problems , which is considered the basis of modern computing .
Last month , the curious lack of public recognition for Turing 's contribution to the war effort and computing in general motivated computer programmer John Graham - Cumming to campaign on his behalf .
The author of the " Geek Atlas , " a travel guide for technology enthusiasts , started an online petition , and soon attracted high - profile signatories including scientist Richard Dawkins , actor Stephen Fry , author Ian McEwan and philosopher A.C. Grayling .
" I was surprised by both the number of people who signed and the fast response from the government , " Graham - Cumming told CNN .
He said the Prime Minister had called him personally to relay news of the apology .
Stories about calls for a British apology were carried in newspapers in France , Switzerland , Spain , Austria , Portugal Poland and the Czech Republic .
Supporters set up an international petition which attracted more than 10,000 signatures .
In 1981 , wildlife photographer Carl McCunn paid a bush pilot to drop him near the Coleen River in northern Alaska .
He thought he ’d arranged for the pilot to pick him up again .
He had n’t .
State troopers found his body the following year .
He had tried to winterize his tent , then shot himself in the head .
A 100 - page diary read , “ I think I should have used more foresight about arranging my departure . ”
A woman is safe after police discovered her held for $ 79,000 in ransom inside a Goodyear home .
Four men reportedly abducted the woman from a Phoenix residence in the 7000 block of West Hazelwood Street about 1 a.m. Saturday .
Goodyear police said investigators are looking into whether her husband owed the kidnappers money and what it was used for .
" It was really quick thinking and good teamwork that rescued this woman , " spokesman John Rowan said Monday .
Police said the discovery unfolded about noon when an officer stopped a car for running a stop sign .
Inside he found 19 - year - old Hector Munoz , a foreign national , driving without a license .
He had misdemeanor warrants out of Phoenix and would n't explain why he had three bags with more than 40 hamburgers .
Acting on a hunch , officers did a welfare check at a nearby house in the 16000 block of West Mesquite Drive that had previously generated suspicious activity calls .
Police captured two men who ran out the back and one more inside .
They said discovered the woman at the house , who ran out and reported the Phoenix kidnapping early that morning .
Suspects at the house were identified as : Luis Gerardo Espinoza - Gonzalez , 22 ; Juan Carlos Armenta , 20 ; and a 17 - year - old foreign national whose name was not released .
High - school put - downs are such a staple of teen culture that many educators do n't take them seriously .
However , a University of Illinois study suggests that classroom disruptions and psychologically hostile school environments can contribute to a climate in which good students have difficulty learning and students who are behind have trouble catching up .
" We need to get away from the idea that bullying is always physical .
Bullying can also include verbal harassment , which can be just as damaging and detrimental to student learning , " said Christy Lleras , a U of I assistant professor of human and community development .
The study used data from the National Educational Longitudinal Study and included 10,060 African American , Latino , and white tenth graders in 659 U.S. high schools .
It is one of the first to look at the national incidence of verbal harassment in public and private high schools , she said .
" In looking at whether students felt safe at school , students ' fear for their physical safety was actually pretty low .
But 70 percent of the students said they were bothered by disruptions in their classroom , and one in five students said that they were often put down by their peers in school , " she said .
Lleras came to three interesting conclusions as she reviewed the data .
One was that smaller , private , and more affluent schools do very little to protect students from verbal abuse .
" I assumed that the sorts of school environments that protect students from physical harm would also protect students from emotional harm , and that was not the case .
These ' safe ' schools are not significantly reducing the likelihood that students will experience harassment by their peers , " she said .
advertisement
This was especially true for adolescent boys .
The results showed that boys experience verbal harassment from peers more often than girls , particularly if they are in private schools , Lleras said .
Lleras also found that African American high - school students who thought of themselves as very good students were more likely to experience verbal put - downs from their peers , but only when they were in high - minority schools .
Why would high - achieving African - American students in high - minority schools face more verbal harassment ?
Lleras does n't believe it can be entirely attributed to the oppositional culture hypothesis — namely , that high - achieving minority students are more likely to be negatively sanctioned by their peers for their efforts than white students .
She speculates that verbal put - downs in these schools may be a coping strategy that students use when they do n't have the skills to do the work and have little hope of acquiring them in their academic environment .
" When high - achieving minority kids are put down by their peers , it can contribute to a climate in which lower - achieving kids fall farther and farther behind and must struggle to catch up .
This hostile school climate is n't a cause of the racial achievement gap - - we see evidence of the achievement gap well before middle school -- but it contributes to it , " she said .
" Sadly , verbal harassment is just one more thing these students have to deal with , and as long as we accept it because it's not physical bullying , we 're doing a grave disservice to the kids who need non-disruptive and focused learning environments the most , " she said .
The study was published in the Journal of School Violence .
Without treatment , affected children have to live in sterile conditions Children seriously ill because their immune systems have genetic flaws could have their lives saved by a safer form of bone marrow transplant , doctors say .
The London team says the treatment for so - called " bubble " children - who have to live in sterile conditions - almost eliminates the need for chemotherapy .
The Great Ormond Street doctors used antibodies to clear patient bone marrow and make room for donor stem cells .
They report in The Lancet the method cuts both rejection and side - effects .
High doses Chemotherapy has both short - and long - term consequences , ranging from hair loss to damage to organs such as the liver and lungs .
But it has been used as standard to kill the patient 's own bone marrow and make room for stem cells .
This treatment has saved the lives of many children with serious genetic defects in their immune systems - primary immunodeficiencies or PID - that render even the most minor infections life - threatening .
Fifty such transplants are carried out each year .
But some children are deemed too sick to withstand the high doses of drugs needed to wipe out the bone marrow .
Gentler chemotherapy has been developed , but is still too much for certain groups of patients , such as babies .
Sickest children
The new technique , developed by doctors from Great Ormond Street Hospital ( GOSH ) and the UCL Institute of Child Health , uses an antibody that targets a molecule specific to blood and bone cells - meaning other tissues are left undamaged .
This provides a viable alternative conditioning treatment for children unable to tolerate intensive transplant chemotherapy
Chris Hughan
The Primary Immunodeficiency Association
The children spared chemotherapy
The team , led by Dr Persis Amrolia , reported that 13 of the 16 patients treated in the study had survived and been cured of their underlying disease .
They recovered twice as quickly as those given standard treatment , although there were still some complications .
" Because this approach was experimental , we only used it on the sickest children , who we felt could not tolerate standard transplant chemotherapy .
" Given how sick these children were before transplant , the results are remarkable , " said Dr Amrolia .
" What 's really encouraging is that pretty much all the children who survived now have a really good quality of life .
" There 's still a lot to do and the challenge now is to develop similar targeted approaches for children with other genetic diseases and leukaemia . "
Chris Hughan , chief executive of The Primary Immunodeficiency Association , said : " We welcome this important study as it heralds a potential breakthrough in the treatment of paediatric PID patients who need a bone marrow transplant ( BMT ) but have significant chronic infection or organ damage at the time .
The new treatment " provides a viable alternative conditioning treatment for children unable to tolerate intensive transplant chemotherapy " .
" We look forward to supporting this new BMT programme at GOSH and making our members aware of this exciting new treatment development . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Now that the PlayStation 3 Slim has been officially announced , what ’s next ?
A bundle , of course !
However , this one will only be making an appearance on Japanese stores , as you can tell from the box art .
To continue Japan ’s never - ending love affair with all things Gundam , this bundle will include the new , fresh - off - the - conveyor - belt PS3 Slim 120 GB , a controller , and a free copy of the game “ Kidou Senshi Gundam Senki ” .
The game itself comes with extras , such as online vouchers for free downloads of an original HD Gundam animated movie , as well as in - game “ FA - 78 - 3 Full Armor Gundam ” and “ RX - 81 AS Assault Armor . ”
The limited edition bundle goes for sale starting September 3rd for ¥ 38,359 ( Around $ 400 USD ) .
Kudos to Sony for getting a bundle ready so soon after all these announcements !
[ Source ]
Colbert spent two full segments of his show focusing on the Citizens United Supreme Court case , which could - and probably will - lead to deregulating the entire campaign finance process , allowing corporations to give unlimited money to any candidate of their choosing .
This severe step backwards with enormous implications has been barely discussed in any traditional media setting , but Colbert went after it vigorously , discussing the consequences and even the flawed legal rationale , a true third rail of American politics , corporate personhood .
Colbert explained that the 1886 case ( Santa Clara v. Southern Pacific Railroad ) that conferred 14th Amendment equal protection rights onto corporations was n't even in the original ruling .
But when the Chief Justice made an off - hand comment that the Court would n't hear an argument on whether the 14th Amendment applied to these corporations ( saying , " We are all of the opinion that it does " ) , the court reporter wrote it into the ruling opinion , and the precedent has held ever since .
And that reporter of the Supreme Court did n't only have ties to the railroad barons , he used to run one .
These are subjects you just never hear about in the American media , precisely because the American media is owned by giant multinational corporations , who benefit from the corporate personhood rule and would stand to benefit more from deregulating elections so they could use their " speech " to buy candidates and fund their own with unlimited resources .
And despite being on a Viacom - owned network , Colbert says , skewering the immorality and psychopathology of the corporation , " Corporations are legally people ... they do everything people do , except breathe , die , and go to jail for dumping 1.3 million pounds of PCBs into the Hudson River . "
There 's some backstory to that remark .
Colbert actually worked with Robert Smigel on the " TV Funhouse " bits from Saturday Night Live ( he 's one - half of the Ambiguously Gay Duo ) , including the infamous episode from March 1998 , Conspiracy Theory Rock .
Here are some of the actual lyrics ( remember this aired , albeit one time , on NBC , whose parent company is General Electric ) :
It 's a media - opoly
A media-opoly .
The whole media is controlled by a few corporations
thanks to deregulation by the FCC .
You mean Disney , Fox , WestingHouse , and good ol GE ?
They own networks from CBS to CNBC .
They can use them to say whatever they please ,
and put down the opinions of any one who disagrees .
Or stuff about PCB's .
What are PCB's ?
They come from power plants built by WestingHouse and GE .
They can give you lots of cancer that can hurt your body ,
but on network TV , you rarely hear anything bad about the nuclear industry [...]
But the bigshots do n't care .
They 're all sitting pretty .
Thanks to corporate welfare .
What 's that now ?
They get billions in subsidies
from the government .
It 's supposed to create jobs ,
but that 's not how it 's spent .
They pulled this cartoon from the rerun broadcasts and it never aired again .
Colbert did n't just provide this lesson in corporate control of government in his " The Word " segment , but then had Jeffrey Toobin on to explain how the expected Supreme Court ruling would impact elections :
COLBERT : If this goes through , if they decide in favor of the corporations here , what 's going to happen to elections ?
TOOBIN : Well , they will be essentially deregulated .
Corporations will be allowed to give money , corporations will be allowed to broadcast programs that are in favor of one side or another , it 'll basically be no more rules about what corporations can do in political campaigns .
COLBERT : Now when I ran for President in 2008 , as the Hail to the Cheese Doritos Stephen Colbert campaign for President , I was told that I actually could n't do that , that I was breaking federal election law by being sponsored by that corporation .
But if this goes through , if this court case , if they win , does that mean that I retroactively won the election ?
TOOBIN : I do n't think it means that .
COLBERT : But could you do that ?
Could I actually just wear a NASCAR suit and just have logos all over me and run for President as the sort of Gatorade Thirst for Justice campaign for President ?
TOOBIN : You definitely could .
No question .
COLBERT : What does it mean to individual donation ?
A corporation , as a person , gets to give any amount of money , but I as a person can give only $ 2,500 .
TOOBIN : That 's what 's potentially the next legal challenge .
Because if giving money is a form of speech , as the Court has held at various times , you can't prohibit a company from giving money .
And then presumably the next step would be that you could n't have limits on how much individuals could give either .
That 's the potential implication of this decision .
COLBERT : So right now , corporations would actually have more power as people than people , until people catch up with corporations .
Here 's the point .
Stephen Colbert , a comedian , devoted his show to arcane campaign finance law to show the power of corporations to engage in a hostile takeover of government and extract virtually any law they choose , with no consequences for any wrongdoing .
Consequently , the self - described populists on the right - aided by a hapless political class - are working their minions into a frenzy over some unidentified alien " other " coming to take your hard - earned tax dollars , without the pernicious influence of rapacious corporations ever entering into it .
Anonymous Liberal had a great post on this yesterday .
But even if you take these film - makers at face value and assume the worst , the reality is that ACORN has thousands of employees and the vast majority of them spend their days trying to help poor people through perfectly legal means ( and receive very little compensation for doing so ) .
Even before yesterday 's Senate vote , the amount of federal money that went to ACORN was very small .
This is a relatively insignificant organization in the grand scheme of things , but it's an organization that has unquestionably fought over the years to improve the lives of the less fortunate in this country .
That the GOP and its conservative supporters would single out this particular organization for such intense demonization is telling .
In September of last year , the entire world came perilously close to complete financial catastrophe .
We 're still not out of the woods and we 're deep within one of the worst recessions in U.S. history .
This situation was brought about by the recklessness and greed of our banks and financial institutions , most of which had to be bailed out at enormous cost to the American taxpayer ( exponentially more than all of the tax dollars given to ACORN over the years ) .
The people who brought about this near catastrophe , for the most , profited immensely from it .
These very same institutions , propped up by the American taxpayer , are once again raking in large profits .
But rather than focus their anger on these folks , conservatives choose to go after an organization composed almost entirely of low - paid community organizers , an organization that could never hope to have even a small fraction of the clout or the ability to affect the overall direction of the country that Wall Street bankers have .
ACORN 's relative lack of political influence was on full display yesterday , when the U.S. Senate ( in which Democrats have a supermajority ) not only entertained a vote to defund ACORN , but approved it by a huge margin ( with only seven Democrats opposing ) .
Absolutely .
Set aside the fact that the Glenn Becks of the world are smearing community organizations that help low - income folks , often at variance with the facts .
It 's the intensity of focus from the privileged on the poor , the disenfranchised , and yes , minorities , when measured against the influence and giant multinational corporations who are on the verge of buying American elections , that strikes such a discordant note .
But not for the hucksters pushing the smears and the paranoids and racists who lap it up .
They want to believe that black people have the power in America and they 're coming for you and your children , so they can ignore the fact that they 've been duped - that the ruling class has controlled the political machinery to keep them underfoot , and handed them welfare queens and illegal immigrants and all sorts of other members of the " lower orders " on which they can focus their attention .
This boils down to a largely homogenous class of people not wanting their money , or anything , really , to go to people who do n't look like them .
" Illegals " or the undeserving poor need not apply .
It 's been a time - tested tactic going back to Richard Nixon 's Southern strategy .
And it allows a majority ruling class of whites , terrified that their stranglehold on the country is slipping away , to pretend that a race war is coming when it's the class war grinding them into the dust .
Matt Taibbi called it the peasant mentality .
The powers that be get the lower classes to fight amongst themselves and split along ideological or tribal or other identifying lines , leaving room for them to prosper .
For Republicans , that means painting their opponents , who are less homogenous and are made up of so - called " outsiders " of society - the poor , the disenfranchised , African - Americans , Hispanics , gays and lesbians , etc. - as undeserving of really anything ; and painting the leaders of that party - whether it be a Governor from Arkansas or a war hero from Massachusetts or South Dakota or a multicultural community organizer from Illinois - as the head of a movement to destroy American culture .
That 's really basically it .
And all the while , both sides in DC studiously ignore the near - complete capture of the country by companies seeking only profit , and the corporate - owned media just follows the manufactured drama and goes mute on the critical stuff , such that it takes a comedian to shine a spotlight on this unexamined corner .
Featured Online Resources
Your library card connects you to the latest ebooks , audiobooks , streaming media , news outlets , and online learning sites — for free !
Virtual Programming , like online storytimes and Author Events , are also now streaming on a variety of platforms .
Browse all databases and streaming media services .
“ Once the news of the hijack broke , the game was up for the arms dealers .
The Russians had to act , " said a former Russian army officer .
" That ’s why I do n’t rule out Mossad being behind the hijacking .
It stopped the shipment and gave the Kremlin a way out so that it can now claim it mounted a brilliant rescue mission . ”
The Department of Defense has identified 4,335 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 819 who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans in recent days :
Iraq :
THORNSBURY , Duane A. , 30 , Sgt. First Class , Army ; Bridgeport , W.Va. ; 10th Special Forces Group .
Afghanistan :
FOWLKES , Christopher S. , 20 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Gaffney , S.C. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
JUDEN , Tyler A. , 23 , Sgt. , Army ; Winfield , Kan. ; 82nd Airborne Division .
MARTINEK , Matthew M. , 20 , Pfc. , Army ; DeKalb , Ill. ; 25th Infantry Division .
PARTEN , Tyler E. , 24 , First Lt. , Army ; Marianna , Ark. ; Fourth Infantry Division .
TOXIC FLUORIDE SECRETS
Fluoride & the Atomic Bomb Program
During the ultra-secret Manhattan Project , a report was commissioned to
assess the effect of fluoride on humans .
That report was classified " secret " for reasons of "
( alleged ) national security " .
Joel Griffiths and Chris Bryson 1997
Some 50 years after United States authorities began adding fluoride to public water supplies to reduce cavities in children 's teeth , recently discovered declassified government documents are shedding new light on the roots of that still - controversial public health measure , revealing a surprising connection between the use of fluoride and the dawning of the nuclear age .
Today , two - thirds of US public drinking water is fluoridated .
Many municipalities still resist the practice , disbelieving the government 's assurances of safety .
Since the days of World War II when the US prevailed by building the world 's first atomic bomb , the nation 's public health leaders have maintained that low doses of fluoride are safe for people and good for children 's teeth .
That safety verdict should now be re-examined in the light of hundreds of once - secret WWII - era documents obtained by these reporters [ authors Griffiths and Bryson ] , including declassified papers of the Manhattan Project - the ultra-secret US military program that produced the atomic bomb .
Fluoride was the key chemical in atomic bomb production , according to the documents .
Massive quantities - millions of tons - were essential for the manufacture of bomb - grade uranium and plutonium for nuclear weapons throughout the Cold War .
One of the most toxic chemicals known , fluoride emerged as the leading chemical health hazard of the US atomic bomb program , both for workers and for nearby communities , the documents reveal .
Other revelations include :
€ Much of the original proof that fluoride is safe for humans in low doses was generated by A - bomb program scientists who had been secretly ordered to provide " evidence useful in litigation " against defense contractors for fluoride injury to citizens .
The first lawsuits against the American A - bomb program were not over radiation , but over fluoride damage , the documents show .
Human studies were required .
Bomb program researchers played a leading role in the design and implementation of the most extensive US study of the health effects of fluoridating public drinking water , conducted in Newburgh , New York , from 1945 to 1955 .
Then , in a classified operation code - named " Program F " , they secretly gathered and analyzed blood and tissue samples from Newburgh citizens with the cooperation of New York State Health Department personnel .
The original , secret version ( obtained by these reporters ) of a study published by Program F scientists in the August 1948 Journal of the American Dental Association1 shows that evidence of adverse health effects from fluoride was censored by the US Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) - considered the most powerful of Cold War agencies - for reasons of " national security " .
The bomb program 's fluoride safety studies were conducted at the University of Rochester - site of one of the most notorious human radiation experiments of the Cold War , in which unsuspecting hospital patients were injected with toxic doses of radioactive plutonium .
The fluoride studies were conducted with the same ethical mindset , in which " national security " was paramount .
EVIDENCE OF FLUORIDE'S ADVERSE HEALTH EFFECTS
The US Government 's conflict of interest and its motive to prove fluoride safe in the furious debate over water fluoridation since the 1950s has only now been made clear to the general public , let alone to civilian researchers , health professionals and journalists .
The declassified documents resonate with a growing body of scientific evidence and a chorus of questions about the health effects of fluoride in the environment .
Human exposure to fluoride has mushroomed since World War II , due not only to fluoridated water and toothpaste but to environmental pollution by major industries , from aluminum to pesticides , where fluoride is a critical industrial chemical as well as a waste by - product .
The impact can be seen literally in the smiles of our children .
Large numbers ( up to 80 per cent in some cities ) of young Americans now have dental fluorosis , the first visible sign of excessive fluoride exposure according to the US National Research Council .
( The signs are whitish flecks or spots , particularly on the front teeth , or dark spots or stripes in more severe cases . )
Less known to the public is that fluoride also accumulates in bones .
" The teeth are windows to what 's happening in the bones , " explained Paul Connett , Professor of Chemistry at St Lawrence University , New York , to these reporters .
In recent years , pediatric bone specialists have expressed alarm about an increase in stress fractures among young people in the US .
Connett and other scientists are concerned that fluoride - linked to bone damage in studies since the 1930s - may be a contributing factor .
The declassified documents add urgency : much of the original ' proof ' that low - dose fluoride is safe for children 's bones came from US bomb program scientists , according to this investigation .
Now , researchers who have reviewed these declassified documents fear that Cold War national security considerations may have prevented objective scientific evaluation of vital public health questions concerning fluoride .
" Information was buried , " concludes Dr Phyllis Mullenix , former head of toxicology at Forsyth Dental Center in Boston and now a critic of fluoridation .
Animal studies which Mullenix and co-workers conducted at Forsyth in the early 1990s indicated that fluoride was a powerful central nervous system ( CNS ) toxin and might adversely affect human brain functioning even at low doses .
( New epidemiological evidence from China adds support , showing a correlation between low - dose fluoride exposure and diminished IQ in children . )
Mullenix 's results were published in 1995 in a reputable peer - reviewed scientific journal .
2
During her investigation , Mullenix was astonished to discover there had been virtually no previous US studies of fluoride 's effects on the human brain .
Then , her application for a grant to continue her CNS research was turned down by the US National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , when an NIH panel flatly told her that " fluoride does not have central nervous system effects " .
Declassified documents of the US atomic bomb program indicate otherwise .
A Manhattan Project memorandum of 29 April 1944 states : " Clinical evidence suggests that uranium hexafluoride may have a rather marked central nervous system effect ...
It seems most likely that the F [ code for fluoride ] component rather than the T [ code for uranium ] is the causative factor . "
The memo , from a captain in the medical corps , is stamped SECRET and is addressed to Colonel Stafford Warren , head of the Manhattan Project 's Medical Section .
Colonel Warren is asked to approve a program of animal research on CNS effects .
" Since work with these compounds is essential , it will be necessary to know in advance what mental effects may occur after exposure ...
This is important not only to protect a given individual , but also to prevent a confused workman from injuring others by improperly performing his duties . "
On the same day , Colonel Warren approved the CNS research program .
This was in 1944 , at the height of World War II and the US nation 's race to build the world 's first atomic bomb .
For research on fluoride 's CNS effects to be approved at such a momentous time , the supporting evidence set forth in the proposal forwarded along with the memo must have been persuasive .
The proposal , however , is missing from the files at the US National Archives .
" If you find the memos but the document they refer to is missing , it 's probably still classified , " said Charles Reeves , chief librarian at the Atlanta branch of the US National Archives and Records Administration where the memos were found .
Similarly , no results of the Manhattan Project 's fluoride CNS research could be found in the files .
After reviewing the memos , Mullenix declared herself " flabbergasted " .
" How could I be told by NIH that fluoride has no central nervous system effects , when these documents were sitting there all the time ? "
She reasons that the Manhattan Project did do fluoride CNS studies : " That kind of warning , that fluoride workers might be a danger to the bomb program by improperly performing their duties - I can't imagine that would be ignored . "
But she suggests that the results were buried because of the difficult legal and public relations problems they might create for the government .
In other words , the government could be ( should be ) charged with murder !!
The author of the 1944 CNS research proposal attached to the 29 April memo was Dr Harold C. Hodge - at the time , chief of fluoride toxicology studies for the University of Rochester division of the Manhattan Project .
Nearly 50 years later at the Forsyth Dental Center in Boston , Dr Mullenix was introduced to a gently ambling elderly man , brought in to serve as a consultant on her CNS research .
This man was Harold C. Hodge .
By then , Hodge had achieved status emeritus as a world authority on fluoride safety .
" But even though he was supposed to be helping me , " said Mullenix , " he never once mentioned the CNS work he had done for the Manhattan Project . "
The " black hole " in fluoride CNS research since the days of the Manhattan Project is unacceptable to Mullenix who refuses to abandon the issue .
" There is so much fluoride exposure now , and we simply do not know what it is doing .
You ca n't just walk away from this . "
Dr Antonio Noronha , an NIH scientific review advisor familiar with Dr Mullenix 's grant request , told us that her proposal was rejected by a scientific peer - review group .
He termed her claim of institutional bias against fluoride CNS research " far - fetched " .
He then added : " We strive very hard at NIH to make sure politics does not enter the picture . "
THE NEW JERSEY FLUORIDE POLLUTION INCIDENT
The documentary trail begins at the height of World War II , in 1944 , when a severe pollution incident occurred downwind of the E.I. DuPont de Nemours Company chemical factory in Deepwater , New Jersey .
The factory was then producing millions of pounds of fluoride for the Manhattan Project whose scientists were racing to produce the world 's first atomic bomb .
The farms downwind in Gloucester and Salem counties were famous for their high - quality produce .
Their peaches went directly to the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York City ; their tomatoes were bought up by Campbell 's Soup .
But in the summer of 1944 the farmers began reporting that their crops were blighted : " Something is burning up the peach crops around here . "
They said that poultry died after an all - night thunderstorm , and that farm workers who ate produce they 'd picked would sometimes vomit all night and into the next day .
" I remember our horses looked sick and were too stiff to work , " Mildred Giordano , a teenager at the time , told these reporters .
Some cows were so crippled that they could not stand up ; they could only graze by crawling on their bellies .
The account was confirmed in taped interviews with Philip Sadtler ( shortly before he died ) , of Sadtler Laboratories of Philadelphia , one of the nation 's oldest chemical consulting firms .
Sadtler had personally conducted the initial investigation of the damage .
Although the farmers did not know it , the attention of the Manhattan Project and the federal government was riveted on the New Jersey incident , according to once - secret documents obtained by these reporters .
A memo , dated 27 August 1945 , from Manhattan Project chief Major - General Leslie R. Groves to the Commanding General of Army Service Forces at the Pentagon , concerns the investigation of crop damage at Lower Penns Neck , New Jersey .
It states : " At the request of the Secretary of War , the Department of Agriculture has agreed to cooperate in investigating complaints of crop damage attributed ... to fumes from a plant operated in connection with the Manhattan Project . "
After the war 's end , Dr Harold C. Hodge , the Manhattan Project 's chief of fluoride toxicology studies , worriedly wrote in a secret memo ( 1 March 1946 ) to his boss , Colonel Stafford L. Warren , chief of the Medical Section , about " problems associated with the question of fluoride contamination of the atmosphere in a certain section of New Jersey " .
" There seem to be four distinct ( though related ) problems :
" 1. A question of injury of the peach crop in 1944 .
" 2 . A report of extraordinary fluoride content of vegetables grown in this area .
" 3 . A report of abnormally high fluoride content in the blood of human individuals residing in this area .
" 4 . A report raising the question of serious poisoning of horses and cattle in this area . "
FLUORIDE DAMAGE : THE FIRST LAWSUITS
The New Jersey farmers waited until the war was over before suing DuPont and the Manhattan Project for fluoride damage - reportedly the first lawsuits against the US atomic bomb program .
Although seemingly trivial , the lawsuits shook the government , the secret documents reveal .
Under the personal direction of Major - General Groves , secret meetings were convened in Washington , with compulsory attendance by scores of scientists and officials from the US War Department , the Manhattan Project , the Food and Drug Administration , the Agriculture and Justice departments , the US Army 's Chemical Warfare Service and Edgewood Arsenal , the Bureau of Standards , as well as lawyers from DuPont .
Declassified memos of the meetings reveal a secret mobilization of the full forces of the government to defeat the New Jersey farmers .
In a memo ( 2 May 1946 ) copied to General Groves , Manhattan Project Lt Colonel Cooper B. Rhodes notes that these agencies " are making scientific investigations to obtain evidence which may be used to protect the interest of the Government at the trial of the suits brought by owners of peach orchards in ... New Jersey " .
Regarding these lawsuits , General Groves wrote to the Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Atomic Energy in a memo of 28 February 1946 , advising that " the Department of Justice is cooperating in the defense of these suits " .
Why the national security emergency over a few lawsuits by New Jersey farmers ?
In 1946 the United States began full - scale production of atomic bombs .
No other nation had yet tested a nuclear weapon , and the A - bomb was seen as crucial for US leadership of the postwar world .
The New Jersey fluoride lawsuits were a serious roadblock to that strategy .
" The specter of endless lawsuits haunted the military , " wrote Lansing Lamont in Day of Trinity , his acclaimed book about the first atomic bomb test .
3
" If the farmers won , it would open the door to further suits which might impede the bomb program 's ability to use fluoride , " commented Jacqueline Kittrell , a Tennessee public interest lawyer who examined the declassified fluoride documents .
( Kittrell specializes in nuclear - related litigation and has represented plaintiffs in several human radiation experiment cases . )
" The reports of human injury were especially threatening because of the potential for enormous settlements - not to mention the PR problem , " she added .
Indeed , DuPont was particularly concerned about the " possible psychological reaction " to the New Jersey pollution incident , according to a secret Manhattan Project memo of 1 March 1946 .
Facing a threat from the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to embargo the region 's produce because of " high fluoride content " , DuPont dispatched its lawyers to the FDA offices in Washington , DC , where an agitated meeting ensued .
According to a memo sent next day to General Groves , DuPont 's lawyer argued that " in view of the pending suits ... any action by the Food and Drug Administration ... would have a serious effect on the DuPont Company and would create a bad public relations situation " .
After the meeting adjourned , Manhattan Project Captain John Davies approached the FDA 's Food Division chief and " impressed upon Dr White the substantial interest which the Government had in claims which might arise as a result of action which might be taken by the Food and Drug Administration " .
There was no embargo .
Instead , according to General Groves ' memo of 27 August 1946 , new tests for fluoride in the New Jersey area were to be conducted not by the Department of Agriculture but by the US Army 's Chemical Warfare Service ( CWS ) - because " work done by the Chemical Warfare Service would carry the greatest weight as evidence if ... lawsuits are started by the complainants " .
Meanwhile , the public relations problem remained unresolved : local citizens were in a panic about fluoride .
The farmers ' spokesman , Willard B. Kille , was personally invited to dine with General Groves ( then known as " the man who built the atomic bomb " ) at his office at the War Department on 26 March 1946 .
Although diagnosed by his doctor as having fluoride poisoning , Kille departed the luncheon convinced of the government 's good faith .
Next day he wrote to the general , expressing his wish that the other farmers could have been present so that " they too could come away with the feeling that their interests in this particular matter were being safeguarded by men of the very highest type whose integrity they could not question " .
A broader solution to the public relations problem was suggested by Manhattan Project chief fluoride toxicologist Harold C. Hodge in a second secret memo ( 1 May 1946 ) to Medical Section chief Colonel Warren : " Would there be any use in making attempts to counteract the local fear of fluoride on the part of residents of Salem and Gloucester counties through lectures on F toxicology and perhaps the usefulness of F in tooth health ? "
Such lectures were indeed given , not only to New Jersey citizens but to the rest of the nation throughout the Cold War .
The New Jersey farmers ' lawsuits were ultimately stymied by the government 's refusal to reveal the key piece of information that would have settled the case : how much fluoride DuPont had vented into the atmosphere during the war .
" Disclosure would be injurious to the military security of the United States , " Manhattan Project Major C. A . Taney , Jr , had written in a memo soon after the war 's end ( 24 September 1945 ) .
The farmers were pacified with token financial settlements , according to interviews with descendants still living in the area .
" All we knew is that DuPont released some chemical that burned up all the peach trees around here , " recalled Angelo Giordano whose father James was one of the original plaintiffs .
" The trees were no good after that , so we had to give up on the peaches . "
Their horses and cows acted and walked stiffly , recalled his sister Mildred .
" Could any of that have been the fluoride ? " she asked .
( The symptoms she detailed are cardinal signs of fluoride toxicity , according to veterinary toxicologists . )
The Giordano family has also been plagued by bone and joint problems , Mildred added .
Recalling the settlement received by the family , Angelo Giordano told these reporters that his father said he " got about $ 200 " .
The farmers were stonewalled in their search for information about fluoride 's effects on their health , and their complaints have long since been forgotten .
But they unknowingly left their imprint on history : their complaints of injury to their health reverberated through the corridors of power in Washington and triggered intensive , secret , bomb program research on the health effects of fluoride .
" PROGRAM F " : SECRET FLUORIDE RESEARCH
A secret memo ( 2 May 1946 ) to General Groves from Manhattan Project Lt Colonel Rhodes states : " Because of complaints that animals and humans have been injured by hydrogen fluoride fumes in [ the New Jersey ] area , although there are no pending suits involving such claims , the University of Rochester is conducting experiments to determine the toxic effect of fluoride . "
Much of the proof of fluoride 's alleged safety in low doses rests on the postwar work done at the University of Rochester in anticipation of lawsuits against the bomb program for human injury .
For the top- secret Manhattan Project to delegate fluoride safety studies to the University of Rochester was not surprising .
During WWII the US Federal Government became involved for the first time in large - scale funding of scientific research at government - owned labs and private colleges .
Those early spending priorities were shaped by the nation 's often - secret military needs .
The prestigious upstate New York college in particular had housed a key wartime division of the Manhattan Project to study the health effects of the new " special materials " such as uranium , plutonium , beryllium and fluoride which were being used in making the atomic bomb .
That work continued after the war , with millions of dollars flowing from the Manhattan Project and its successor organization , the Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) .
( Indeed , the bomb left an indelible imprint on all of US science in the late 1940s and 1950s .
Up to 90 per cent of all federal funds for university research came from either the Department of Defense or the AEC in this period , according to Noam Chomsky in his 1997 book , The Cold War and the University .
4 )
The University of Rochester Medical School became a revolving door for senior bomb - program scientists .
The postwar faculty included Stafford Warren , the top medical officer of the Manhattan Project , and Harold C. Hodge , chief of fluoride research for the bomb program .
But this marriage of military secrecy and medical science bore deformed offspring .
The University of Rochester 's classified fluoride studies , code - named " Program F " , were started during the war and continued up until the early 1950s .
They were conducted at its Atomic Energy Project ( AEP ) , a top - secret facility funded by the AEC and housed at Strong Memorial Hospital .
It was there that one of the most notorious human radiation experiments of the Cold War took place , in which unsuspecting hospital patients were injected with toxic doses of radioactive plutonium .
Revelation of this experiment - in a Pulitzer Prize&endash ; winning account by Eileen Welsome - led to a 1995 US presidential investigation and a multimillion - dollar cash settlement for victims .
Program F was not about children 's teeth .
It grew directly out of litigation against the bomb program , and its main purpose was to furnish scientific ammunition which the government and its nuclear contractors could use to defeat lawsuits for human injury .
Program F's director was none other than Dr Harold C. Hodge - who led the Manhattan Project investigation of alleged human injury in the New Jersey fluoride pollution incident .
Program F's purpose is spelled out in a classified 1948 report .
It reads : " To supply evidence useful in the litigation arising from an alleged loss of a fruit crop several years ago , a number of problems have been opened .
Since excessive blood - fluoride levels were reported in human residents of the same area , our principal effort has been devoted to describing the relationship of blood fluorides to toxic effects . "
The litigation referred to and the claims of human injury were of course against the bomb program and its contractors .
Thus the purpose of Program F was to obtain evidence useful in litigation against the bomb program .
The research was being conducted by the defendants .
The potential conflict of interest is clear .
If lower dose ranges were found hazardous by Program F , this might have opened the bomb program and its contractors to public outcry and lawsuits for injury to human health .
Lawyer Jacqueline Kittrell commented further : " This and other documents indicate that the University of Rochester 's fluoride research grew out of the New Jersey lawsuits and was performed in anticipation of lawsuits against the bomb program for human injury .
Studies undertaken for litigation purposes by the defendants would not be considered scientifically acceptable today because of their inherent bias to prove the chemical safe . "
Unfortunately , much of the proof of fluoride 's safety rests on the work performed by Program F scientists at the University of Rochester .
During the postwar period , that university emerged as the leading academic centre for establishing the safety of fluoride as well as its effectiveness in reducing tooth decay , according to Rochester Dental School spokesperson William H. Bowen , MD .
The key figure in this research , Bowen said , was Dr Harold C. Hodge - who also became a leading national proponent of fluoridating public drinking water .
THE A - BOMB AND WATER FLUORIDATION
Program F's interest in water fluoridation was not just " to counteract the local fear of fluoride on the part of residents " , as Hodge had earlier written to Colonel Warren .
The bomb program required human studies of fluoride 's effects , just as it needed human studies of plutonium 's effects .
Adding fluoride to public water supplies provided one opportunity .
Bomb - program scientists played a prominent , if unpublicized , role in the nation 's first - planned water fluoridation experiment in Newburgh , New York .
The Newburgh Demonstration Project is considered the most extensive study of the health effects of fluoridation , supplying much of the evidence that low doses are allegedly safe for children 's bones and good for their teeth .
Planning began in 1943 with the appointment of a special New York State Health Department committee to study the advisability of adding fluoride to Newburgh 's drinking water .
The chairman of the committee was , again , Dr Harold C. Hodge , then chief of fluoride toxicity studies for the Manhattan Project .
Subsequent members of the committee included Henry L. Barnett , a captain in the Project 's Medical Section , and John W. Fertig , in 1944 with the Office of Scientific Research and Development - the super - secret Pentagon group which sired the Manhattan Project .
Their military affiliations were kept secret .
Hodge was described as a pharmacologist , Barnett as a pediatrician .
Placed in charge of the Newburgh project was David B. Ast , chief dental officer of the New York State Health Department .
Ast had participated in a key secret wartime conference on fluoride , held by the Manhattan Project in January 1944 , and later worked with Dr Hodge on the Project 's investigation of human injury in the New Jersey incident , according to once - secret memos .
The committee recommended that Newburgh be fluoridated .
It selected the types of medical studies to be done , and it also " provided expert guidance " for the duration of the experiment .
The key question to be answered was : " Are there any cumulative effects , beneficial or otherwise , on tissues and organs other than the teeth , of long - continued ingestion of such small concentrations ? "
According to the declassified documents , this was also key information sought by the bomb program .
In fact , the program would require " long - continued " exposure of workers and communities to fluoride throughout the Cold War .
In May 1945 , Newburgh 's water was fluoridated , and over the next 10 years its residents were studied by the New York State Health Department , i n tandem , Program F conducted its own secret studies , focusing on the amounts of fluoride Newburgh citizens retained in their blood and tissues - information called for by the bomb program in connection with litigation .
" Possible toxic effects of fluoride were in the forefront of consideration , " the advisory committee stated .
Health department personnel cooperated , shipping blood and placenta samples to the Program F team at the University of Rochester .
The samples were collected by Dr David B. Overton , the department 's chief of pediatric studies at Newburgh .
The final report of the Newburgh Demonstration Project , published in 1956 in the Journal of the American Dental Association , 5 concluded that " small concentrations " of fluoride were safe for US citizens .
The biological proof , " based on work performed ... at the University of Rochester Atomic Energy Project " , was delivered by Dr Hodge .
Today , news that scientists from the A - bomb program secretly shaped and guided the Newburgh fluoridation experiment and studied the citizens ' blood and tissue samples is greeted with incredulity .
" I 'm shocked ... beyond words , " said present - day Newburgh Mayor Audrey Carey , commenting on these reporters ' findings .
" It reminds me of the Tuskegee experiment that was done on syphilis patients down in Alabama . "
As a child in the early 1950s , Mayor Carey was taken to the old Newburgh firehouse on Broadway which housed the public health clinic .
There , doctors from the Newburgh fluoridation project studied her teeth , and a peculiar fusion of two fingerbones on her left hand which she 's had since birth .
( Carey said that her granddaughter has white dental - fluorosis marks on her front teeth . )
Mayor Carey wants answers from the government about the secret history of fluoride and the Newburgh fluoridation experiment .
" I absolutely want to pursue it , " she said .
" It is appalling to do any kind of experimentation and study without people 's knowledge and permission . "
When contacted by these reporters , the now 95 - year - old David B .
Ast , former director of the Newburgh experiment , said he was unaware that Manhattan Project scientists were involved .
" If I had known , I would have been certainly investigating why , and what the connection was , " he said .
Did he know that blood and placenta samples from Newburgh were being sent to bomb - program researchers at the University of Rochester ?
" I was not aware of it , " Ast replied .
Did he recall participating in the Manhattan Project 's secret wartime conference on fluoride in January 1944 , or going to New Jersey with Dr Hodge to investigate human injury in the DuPont case , as secret memos state ?
He told these reporters he had no recollection of any such events .
Bob Loeb , a spokesperson for the University of Rochester Medical Center , confirmed that blood and tissue samples from Newburgh had been tested by the University 's Dr Hodge .
On the ethics of secretly studying US citizens to obtain information useful in litigation against the A - bomb program , he said : " That 's a question we cannot answer . "
He referred inquiries to the US Department of Energy ( DOE ) , successor to the Atomic Energy Commission .
Jayne Brady , a spokesperson for the Department of Energy in Washington confirmed that a review of DOE files indicated that a " significant reason " for fluoride experiments conducted at the University of Rochester after the war was " impending litigation between the DuPont company and residents of New Jersey areas " .
However , she added : " DOE has found no documents to indicate that fluoride research was done to protect the Manhattan Project or its contractors from lawsuits . "
On Manhattan Project involvement in Newburgh , Brady stated : " Nothing that we have suggests that the DOE or predecessor agencies - especially the Manhattan Project - authorized fluoride experiments to be performed on children in the 1940s . "
When told that these reporters have several documents that directly tie the AEP - the Manhattan Project 's successor agency at the University of Rochester - to the Newburgh experiment , DOE spokesperson Brady later conceded her study was confined to " the available universe " of documents .
Two days later , Brady faxed a statement for clarification .
" My search only involved the documents that we collected as part of our human radiation experiments project ; fluoride was not part of our research effort . "
" Most significantly , " the statement continued , " relevant documents may be in a classified collection at the DOE Oak Ridge National Laboratory , known as the Records Holding Task Group .
This collection consists entirely of classified documents removed from other files for the purpose of classified document accountability many years ago [ and was ] a rich source of documents for the human radiation experiments projects . "
SUPPRESSION OF ADVERSE HEALTH FINDINGS
The crucial question arising from the investigation is whether adverse health findings from Newburgh and other bomb - program fluoride studies were suppressed .
All AEC - funded studies had to be declassified before publication in civilian medical and dental journals .
Where are the original classified versions ?
The transcript of one of the major secret scientific conferences of World War II - on " fluoride metabolism " - is missing from the files of the US National Archives and is " probably still classified " , according to the librarian .
Participants in the January 1944 conference included key figures who promoted the safety of fluoride and water fluoridation to the public after the war : Harold Hodge of the Manhattan Project , David B . Ast of the Newburgh Demonstration Project , and US Public Health Service dentist H. Trendley Dean , popularly known as " the father of fluoridation " .
A WWII Manhattan Project classified report ( 25 July 1944 ) on water fluoridation is missing from the files of the University of Rochester Atomic Energy Project , the US National Archives , and the Nuclear Repository at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville .
The next four numerically consecutive documents are also missing , while the remainder of the " M - 1500 series " is present .
" Either those documents are still classified , or they 've been ' disappeared ' by the government , " said Clifford Honicker , Executive Director of the American Environmental Health Studies Project in Knoxville , Tennessee , which provided key evidence in the public exposure and prosecution of US human radiation experiments .
Seven pages have been cut out of a 1947 Rochester bomb project notebook entitled " DuPont Litigation " .
" Most unusual , " commented the medical school 's chief archivist , Chris Hoolihan .
TONY JONES , PRESENTER : Farce may not quite capture the mess that Question Time became today .
MPs were thrown out , insults were hurled and the Speaker 's temper was sorely tested .
A debate over women's ' rights exploded into attacks and counter - attacks with apparently no real point other than to score points .
From Canberra , Emma Griffiths reports .
EMMA GRIFFITHS , REPORTER : The House rules were n't so much broken as thrown out .
WILSON TUCKEY , LIBERAL MP : Disorder , use of certain names , offensive words , reflections on members , disorderly conduct .
EMMA GRIFFITHS : Over 91 minutes of misbehaviour , MPs copped a scolding .
SPEAKER : Order . ... Order ! ... Order ! ... Ooorder ! ... Order !
EMMA GRIFFITHS :
But it made little difference ; two ALP backbenchers were thrown out while the Opposition 's chief tactician threw out the slurs .
CHRISTOPHER PYNE , MANAGER OF OPPOSITION BUSINESS :
No , I have n't actually today , you loser .
EMMA GRIFFITHS :
The brouhaha boiled over when Labor turned its feminine charms onto the Liberal Party , attacking it over women 's rights issues and homed in on the Liberal Party 's website devoted to women .
TANYA PLIBERSEK , MINISTER FOR THE STATUS OF WOMEN : I looked at the picture , Mr Speaker , and it's got in the Women in the Liberal Party section , one , two , three - actually , no , Julie , you 're in it .
It 's OK .
EMMA GRIFFITHS : The Opposition had been accused of gagging its female MPs during Question Time ; today it sought to shut down Tanya Plibersek 's assault .
CHRISTOPHER PYNE : Mr Speaker , I move that the member be no longer heard .
ANTHONY ALBANESE , LEADER OF THE HOUSE : Mr Speaker , I might give the Manager of Opposition Business an opportunity to rethink just how bad a look this is .
TANYA PLIBERSEK :
They do n't let women ask questions ; it seems now we 're not allowed to answer them either .
EMMA GRIFFITHS :
The episode prompting finger - pointing , a new - look women 's page on the Liberal Party site and disbelief in the public gallery .
PUBLIC GALLERY SPECTATOR : I just do n't know how they get anything done .
PUBLIC GALLERY SPECTATOR II :
It 's just a real picnic in there .
There was fights and arguments and name - calling .
I think it 's a disgrace to Australia .
EMMA GRIFFITHS :
If you acted like that in the classroom what would ?
TEENAGE GIRL : We 'd get in lots of trouble .
EMMA GRIFFITHS : Opposition frustration with Question Time has turned to exasperation .
One senior Liberal has even floated the idea of boycotting the daily spectacle .
Instead , the party has resolved to take on the Government with a little aggression .
For the Opposition 's self - described attack dog Tony Abbott , that meant blowing a cheeky kiss at the Labor ranks .
He was returning from a 24 - hour ban , but he says the Government started it .
TONY ABBOTT , OPPOSITION FRONTBENCHER : The Opposition is not going to allow the Parliament to be debased in the way that this Government is consistently doing so .
EMMA GRIFFITHS : After this Question Time , debasing Parliament anymore may take some doing .
SPEAKER : Not one of the greatest moments for the House , this Question Time .
KEVIN RUDD , PRIME MINISTER : Mr Speaker , I ask that further questions be placed on notice ...
EMMA GRIFFITHS : Ready for the next showing , same time , same place .
Emma Griffiths , Lateline .
Guy videotaping at a 420 concert offers some weird dude a hit of weed , but notices every time he grabs it he never takes a hit .
Finally he says he 'll go pack one which leads to disaster .
Solid science education is the best inoculation against ignorance .
The objective of this project is to combat the anti-science push in conservative America by providing direct funding each week to math and science projects in red state classrooms .
Fortunately , a conduit organization for achieving this direct funding already exists : DonorsChoose.org .
If the name sounds familiar to you , it 's probably because Stephen Colbert has partnered with them in the past to fund schools with high percentages of military kids .
DonorsChoose.org allows you to make direct contributions to specific classroom projects ( all vetted ) , resulting in tremendous and immediate impacts from small dollar donations .
Each week , I will compile a list of the most urgent DonorsChoose.org math and science projects from red state ( as defined here ) classrooms .
These will be projects whose funding requests are expiring within the next 7 days .
If the projects are not funded by their expiration date , they die .
We 're not going to be able to rescue all these projects , but we can make a dent .
You give , you save the projects , and you help protect our future .
.
How It Works
From the DonorsChoose.org " How It Works " page :
Here 's how it works : public school teachers from every corner of America post classroom project requests on DonorsChoose.org .
Requests range from pencils for a poetry writing unit , to violins for a school recital , to microscope slides for a biology class .
Then , you can browse project requests and give any amount to the one that makes your eye twinkle .
Once a project reaches its funding goal , we deliver the materials to the school .
You 'll get photos of your project taking place , a thank - you letter from the teacher , and a cost report showing how each dollar was spent .
If you give over $ 100 , you 'll also receive hand - written thank - you letters from the students .
At DonorsChoose.org , you can give as little as $ 1 and get the same level of choice , transparency , and feedback that is traditionally reserved for someone who gives millions .
We call it citizen philanthropy .
....
How we ensure integrity
Our team is vigilant about providing end - to - end integrity for each classroom project funded through our site .
To that end , we : Vet every classroom project request submitted by teachers .
Process donor transactions using the most secure and trusted technology available .
Purchase the classroom materials , shipping items directly to the school and alerting the principal when the materials are on their way .
Provide photos of the project taking place , teacher and student letters , and a cost report showing how every dollar was spent .
.
Helpful Links
DonorsChoose.org
DonorsChoose.org
Blog
DonorsChoose.org Donor FAQ
All DonorsChoose.org Math & Science Projects
.
The Projects
Utah ( R + 30.768 ) Project : Using Calculators Everyday !
Resources Needed : 20 calculators and a calculator pocket chart kit
School Poverty Level : Moderate
Total Cost : $ 423.17
Still Needed : $ 212
Expires : Oct 01 , 2009 Project : Building Bridges and Making Connections
Resources Needed :
One classroom set of the K'nex Introduction to Structures , Bridges Set and three sets of the K'nex Real Bridge Building Sets .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 928.80
Still Needed : $ 414.87
Expires : Oct 05 , 2009 Project : That is so MANIPULATIVE !
Resources Needed : A complete set of Stamp and Solve Math Activity Boxes , a set of Build - A - Story Problem flip books , Daily Math Stations for grades 1 - 6 and Hands - On problem solving books .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 525.61
Still Needed : $ 262.61
Expires : Oct 06 , 2009
Idaho ( R + 27.018 )
No project requests ending within 7 days .
Wyoming ( R + 26.132 ) No project requests ending within 7 days .
Nebraska ( R + 22.606 )
No project requests ending within 7 days .
Alaska ( R + 20.946 )
No project requests ending within 7 days .
Oklahoma ( R + 20 .152 ) Project : Pre-K Pickin ' Pumpkins
Resources Needed : 15 assorted resources , including headphones , a junction box , 2 CD Read - Alongs , paint aprons , a Tote & Play Garden Set , a Growing Things Theme Book Library and safety goggles .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 548.24
Still Needed : $ 548.24
Expires : Oct 02 , 2009 Project : Its A Bug's Life
Resources Needed : 12 Riker mounts and 6 Insect Nets to capture , mount and classify insects .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 340.66
Still Needed : $ 207.66
Expires : Oct 05 , 2009
Kansas ( R + 16.892 ) Project : Makin' Some Noise !
Resources Needed : A Lapel mic voice amplification system to be able to better hear in the classroom .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 808.62
Still Needed : $ 808.62
Expires : Oct 05 , 2009
North Dakota ( R + 16.484 )
No project requests ending within 7 days .
Alabama ( R + 15 .162 ) Project : It 's a Small , Small World !!!
Resources Needed : 4
Frey microscopes to peer into the microscopic world of the unknown and discover what inhabits that world .
School Poverty Level : Moderate
Total Cost : $ 1,008.22
Still Needed : $ 998.54
Expires : Sep 30 , 2009 Project : " Give Me Math for $ 1000 Please !!!!!!!! "
Resources Needed : Math classroom jeopardy with Pre-Algebra cartridge to help incorporate Graduation Exam skills and instill life long learning skills needed to become functional , productive individuals in society .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 653.04
Still Needed : $ 586.44
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009
Mississippi ( R + 12.766 ) Project : Projecting Better Futures
Resources : A new projector for our team SMARTBoard
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 1,167.07
Still Needed : $ 1,167.07
Expires : Sep 30 , 2009 Project : Bring History to Life
Resources : 28 books covering a number of social studies topics , including 3 copies each of U.S. and World Atlases and a number of Eyewitness Series books .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 584.15
Still Needed : $ 584.15
Expires : Oct 01 , 2009 Project : Give Us A Hand ( book )
Resources : A class set ( 30 copies ) of " Sciencesaurus - A Student Handbook " to enhance their understanding of science concepts , increase their reading comprehension skills , and provide them with opportunities to practice the writing skills taught in their Language Arts classes .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 1,069.51
Still Needed : $ 1,069.51
Expires : Oct 02 , 2009 Project : Help Us Visualize Math
Resources : 1 Math Manipulative Library .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 226.30
Still Needed : $ 216.83
Expires : Oct 05 , 2009
South Dakota ( R + 11.920 )
No project requests ending within 7 days .
South Carolina ( R + 11.230 ) Project : If A Picture is Worth 1,000 Words , What is A Video Worth ?
Resources : 5 RCA Small Wonder Digital Camcorders .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 754.88
Still Needed : $ 754.88
Expires : Sep 30 , 2009 Project : Criss - Cross - Applesauce ... Spoons - in - the - Bowl
Resources : A Sunny Day Learn and Play Rectangle Rug .
School Poverty Level : High
Total Cost : $ 714.17
Still Needed : $ 674.63
Expires : Oct 01 , 2009
Montana ( R + 9.668 ) No project requests ending within 7 days .
Kentucky ( R + 9.408 ) Project : A Sponge Is An Animal ?
Resources : A DVD about sponges , a varied collection of microscope slides and storage boxes for a sponge and cnidarian lab .
School Poverty Level : Poverty Data Unavailable
Total Cost : $ 554.88
Still Needed : $ 554.88
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009 Project : What 's A Sea Squirt ?
Resources : A set of preserved specimens for labs in the Animal Kingdom Unit .
School Poverty Level : Poverty Data Unavailable
Total Cost : $ 395.12
Still Needed : $ 395.12
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009
Indiana ( R + 9.398 ) Project : Chemistry Games
Resources : 3 Atom Building Games .
School Poverty Level : Moderate
Total Cost : $ 378.05
Still Needed : $ 378.05
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009 Project : Math and Reading : Colliding Curriculum !
Resources : 17 picture books to learn Math concepts .
School Poverty Level : Moderate
Total Cost : $ 198.78
Still Needed : $ 198.78
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009 Project : Dragon Scales
Resources : Four sets of spring scales .
School Poverty Level : Moderate
Total Cost : $ 139.88
Still Needed : $ 85.24
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009 Project : Marbles and Physics
Resources : A Straight Marble Track from CPO .
School Poverty Level : Moderate
Total Cost : $ 132.00
Still Needed : $ 71.71
Expires : Oct 04 , 2009
Sooner or later , it all comes crashing down .
May , 2012 - Sad Steve was founded in January , 2008 , to prove to music labels that building a successful distribution channel need not be difficult .
I built Sad Steve in less than a month during Christmas break of my junior year of college , and continued working on it sporadically until graduation .
Despite my limited coding ability at the time , and complete lack of knowledge of the music industry , Sad Steve had fast , steady growth .
I thought it was cool , and many of you did , too .
Even more importantly , I proved that if a nobody like me could build a pretty cool music site , so could the music industry .
Upon graduating from college in 2009 , I tried to pursue Sad Steve more seriously .
Unfortunately , this was unsuccessful for a multitude of reasons and I instead pursued opportunities with other companies .
Despite not actively working on Sad Steve for a while , I kept the site online .
But now I 'm turning it all off .
If you 'd like to reach out , e-mail my personal address : joseph.huttner@gmail.com .
Thank you all for being fans of the site for so long .
It was a great run .
Stay fly .
- Joe
This Recovery is an Imposter
It is amazing how many things have NOT happened .
Probably most incredible is that the dollar has NOT collapsed .
It has lost ground , and was trading at $ 1.43 per euro on Friday , but no one laughs at you when go to exchange dollars …or offer to pay in dollars rather than the local currency .
For the last 10 years , the money supply in the United States has expanded at roughly twice the rate of GDP growth .
And the Fed doubled its balance sheet in just the last 18 months .
This last bit of information is stunning .
It took the central bank nearly 100 years to build a balance sheet of $ 1 trillion .
Then , under the leadership of Ben Bernanke , it added another $ 1 trillion in just a few months .
What does that mean , exactly ?
It means they bought a lot of debt from US agencies and the financial sector .
It means also that they “ monetized ” this debt … transforming it into cash by paying for it with money especially created for that purpose .
It also means that the whole financial sector has a bigger financial base against which to lend .
The Fed lends against its balance sheet to member banks .
These banks then lend to other banks who lend to business and consumers .
So the amount of potential credit – as well as the amount of actual cash – has gone up .
There is an iron law in economics .
Quality and quantity vary inversely … which is another way of saying that when you add more of something … each unit is worth less than the unit that preceded it ( assuming everything else remained unchanged . )
Certainly , this is true of money .
The more money in a financial system , the less each unit of it is worth .
Add enough new money – as Zimbabwe proved recently – and each unit becomes worthless .
But so far , the dollar has not collapsed .
It has fallen , but gently …
Meanwhile , the inflation rate has NOT gone up .
Instead , it ’s gone down .
Go figure .
You add that much monetary inflation and you ’d expect to get a boost in the CPI .
Nope .
Not yet .
On the other hand , we ’re already a year - and - a - half into a major recession / depression .
You ’d think you ’d get deflation .
That has n’t happened either .
Prices are down .
But not as much as you ’d expect , given the scale of the downturn .
Related to both the dollar and inflation is the bond market .
Even more surprising is that the bond market has NOT fallen apart .
Let ’s see , a huge input of monetary inflation ; that ought to kill the bond market .
Then too , the biggest sales of Treasury bonds in history – needed to cover a $ 1.7 trillion deficit this year .
That ought to kill the bond market too .
And on top of it all is a projection from the White House telling us that the feds will add $ 9 trillion to US debt over the next 10 years .
And that assumes a full recovery in the economy !
Now , that ought to kill the bond market for sure .
Not at all !
Bond yields have risen … but the 10 - year T - note still only gives you 3.4 % .
Of course , you say , it ’s a depression .
Bond yields always go down in a depression .
But if it ’s a depression , how come commodities are up ?
And stocks are up ?
Above all , how come Chinese stocks are up ?
Everybody knows China earns its money selling products to Americans and other non-Chinese .
If the rest of the world is in a depression , who is China going to sell to ?
How come China is n’t in a depression already ?
But there you are – there ’s another thing that has n’t happened .
Chinese stocks have n’t collapsed .
And getting back to commodities , they ’re all up .
Commodity prices do n’t go up in a depression ; everybody knows that .
They go down .
But commodities are NOT in a bear market .
Go figure .
And , of course , there ’s gold .
The metal gave up a dollar on Friday , but it ’s still just $ 4 short of the $ 1,000 mark … and just a shadow below its all - time high .
Gold is a commodity … but it ’s also money in its purest , more reliable form .
Commodities go down in a depression .
Money goes up .
But since gold is an alternative to paper money , it tends to go up only when paper money goes down .
As explained above , the dollar has NOT collapsed .
So why is gold going up ?
It should be going down , reflecting the effect of a recession …
There are two possible answers .
First , maybe the iron laws of economics have been repealed .
Or , second … maybe the iron laws just have n’t caught up to the market – yet .
Unemployment is at 9.7 % .
It will probably rise above 10 % this month .
The economy is supposed to be recovering .
Now , The New York Times is talking about a “ jobless recovery . ”
You ’ll remember the phrase .
It came out in 2003 .
Then , the economy was allegedly recovering from a micro-recession .
Economists were surprised that there were so few new jobs created .
What was really happening was that there was no genuine recovery .
Consumers just decided to go deeper and deeper into debt – egged on by the feds .
A regional governor of the Fed actually urged consumers to “ go out and buy an SUV . ”
So Americans bought more products from the Chinese…on credit …and the Chinese enjoyed a boom .
And now the boom is over .
Americans are paying down their debt .
And unemployment is getting worse .
This time the feds are pumping trillions into the system .
This time , it ’s not the consumer who is willing to go further into debt ; it ’s the government .
And once again , few new jobs are being created .
Without jobs , the recovery is an impostor …a phony …a fraud .
Without jobs , people have no extra spending power .
So they ca n’t buy – except by going deeper into debt .
They were willing to go further into debt in ’03 -’07 .
But not this time .
They ’ve reached their limit on debt .
Besides , with house prices falling , who would lend to them ?
No new jobs = no new income .
No new income = no new sales .
No new sales = no new profits = no new jobs .
But what about the government ?
The feds are still willing to borrow .
How come federal borrowing can’t create a new boom – even if it is a phony one – like the one in 2003 - 2007 ?
Federal borrowing , spending , bailouts and monetary inflation are not helping the real economy .
But they are making a lot of money available for speculation .
That ’s why so many things are NOT happening .
Investors are speculating on commodities , gold and Chinese stocks – for example .
And US bonds .
But this is not a durable , reliable trend .
And it ’s not laying the foundation for a genuine recovery .
Borrowing by the feds is different from borrowing by individuals .
Private households can go broke .
But they ca n’t take the dollar down with them .
When the feds borrow , they pledge the full faith and credit of the United States – and its currency – as security .
So , as they borrow more … the value of the US currency comes into doubt … then , into play … and then into jeopardy .
Investors eventually sell off dollars and US bonds … then , what should happen finally does .
Caution : what has to happen does eventually happen .
But it does n’t have to happen when you think it should .
The big surprise might be how long it takes before these things happen .
If we were Mr. Market , for example , we probably would not take gold much higher – not just yet .
We ’d let deflation take gold down for a while – long enough to separate the speculators from their money .
Then , we ’d let investors get used to falling prices – before bringing inflation back .
And , as promised on Friday , the answer to ‘ What was the SEC doing ? ’
Harassing us !
Recall that last week , we reported the latest news on the SEC .
Investigators wondered why the agency had let Madoff run billions in suspicious trades without ever checking them out .
The SEC responded by saying it lacked sufficient resources .
Then , New York Senator Schumer said he would propose a measure to increase the agency ’s spending power by 75 % – by allowing it to shake down the financial industry directly , rather than going to Congress for a budget allocation .
Which still leaves open the question of what the SEC was doing when it should have been making Madoff do the perp walk .
We have the answer : the SEC was harassing us .
Yes , hard to believe that they would target your poor , innocent editor .
And they did n’t , not directly anyway .
Instead , they targeted one of our colleagues .
This was a couple of years ago … when Bernie Madoff was at the top of his game .
We have n’t mentioned it in this space …on the advice of our lawyer .
Judges do n’t like it when you “ try a case in public . ”
And the case still is n’t settled .
But we wo n’t discuss the merits of the case … only the circumstances around it .
This will help us understand what the SEC is really up to …and why the hope of regulating fraud out of existence is as vain and futile as trying to clear out a bar by using foul language .
Here ’s what happened .
One of our researchers discovered what he thought was a great investment opportunity .
He called the target company and spoke to a VP in charge of public relations .
What he heard convinced him that he was on to something , so he published a recommendation , sending a copy of it immediately to the company .
He got no response from the company .
But a few months later , the SEC knocked on our door .
What was their beef ?
That we had misled investors .
How so ?
In our report , we told readers what the VP had told us .
We carefully called it “ insider ” information … putting the word in quotes to let readers know it was n’t the same as the forbidden ‘ inside information . ’
Anyone could have found out the same thing if he had just called the company , read the published reports , and put two and two together .
Our caution was lost on the SEC .
They did n’t see the difference between “ insider ” information and inside information .
What ’s more , the fellow at the target company denied he had said what he had said .
Curiously , he made no objection when the report was published ; the objection came after the SEC started snooping around .
The SEC wanted blood .
They thought they could get an easy win against a little guy in Baltimore .
They wanted us to turn on our own associate …to stop defending him and cop a plea .
Obviously , we could n’t do that .
We stood behind our man .
Then came a quirky turn of events .
Both the researcher and your editor ’s company were charged with what was effectively a new crime – a federal case , no less .
The SEC , remember , is supposed to be protecting investors from stock fraud , manipulation , and ‘ insider trading . ’
But there was never any allegation of manipulating a stock or insider trading .
Instead , the agency charged us with NOT having inside information .
We never traded in the stock at all …or manipulated it in any way .
So the feds alleged that we did not have any inside information to trade on …and that therefore our representation – of having “ insider ” information ( in quotes ! ) – was a kind of fraud .
And the whole case turned on a telephone conversation between a stock market analyst and a public relations guy in a company .
One said one thing ; the other said another thing .
Reporters make mistakes all the time ; so do their sources .
But this was the first time the government made a federal case out of it .
We believe our analyst .
The SEC believed the other guy and spent millions trying to prove that our fellow lied .
No one who bought the research report on the stock complained , let alone threatened a lawsuit .
Prior to any SEC probe , refunds were issued to anyone who asked ( most did not ) .
Yet the SEC , protector of the public interest , spent years … and millions … on the case – while Bernie Madoff was stealing billions from his clients .
Case against your editor ’s company : judges ruled that we were innocent .
Case against our colleague : still undecided at the appeals court .
Case against SEC : guilty of negligence , dereliction and humbug .
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
I 've been head - down in a big stack of papers since around March this year .
That was the point at which I first started to get excited about the idea of Haskell becoming a plausible language for use in games development .
More recently I decided to start doing something about it and gave a talk to a group of dedicated Haskellers at AngloHaskell 2009 .
The event turned out to be a lot of fun and I think it 's safe to say the talk went pretty well .
Here 's the abstract .
Functional Languages in Games : Plotting the Coup [ Slides as PDF ]
As a games developer by trade , my experience of the industry leads me to suspect games development is approaching a tipping point where functional languages could enact a successful coup .
The revolution would claim a chunk of C++- owned territory for the victor and mark an important milestone in the development of functional languages .
It will not be easy .
Games development is notoriously demanding and the successful functional language would need to meet stringent performance requirements , have clearly demonstrable ' killer apps ' , jump through hoops of fire and tell jokes at parties .
This talk will discuss how close Haskell is to meeting these demands , the challenges that remain , evidence of functional languages already in games , and how Haskell compares against its nearest competitors .
Haskell For Games !
At first glance it sounds like a crazy idea .
One to file away with the other crazy ideas to replace C++ with Java / C# / Python /etc .
Most alternatives to C++ are so unlikely to succeed in practice that they appear to taint the very idea of replacing C++.
I 've written before about my high regard for C++ , but as powerful and effective as it is for games development , it does not represent an impossible challenge and we do n't have to look to replace it entirely .
Finding it a suitable companion would be a major step forward and is the goal I 'd choose to focus on .
Multi-core
There are powerful currents moving in modern computer hardware , pulling us inevitably into murky multi-core waters .
However this movement also begins to make the idea of doing games development in an alternative language more plausible .
What do we do when large multi-core systems become a standard hardware platform ?
( A reality that I note is only a handful of years away . )
I have yet to see a parallelisation option that do n't make me think life in this new age in C++ will be rather hard .
And would it be any easier in C# or Java ?
No. Multi - core life there will likely be just as tough .
However , these are n't the only options .
Functional languages
I 'm far from the first to notice this , but pure functional languages - as opposed to the imperative languages most of us are used to - do at least have a theoretical advantage .
Pure functional code does not have side effects .
If you call it with the same parameters you will always get the same answer .
It is thread - safe at a fundamental level giving opportunities for optimisation and parallel evaluation that are either infeasible or impossible with imperative code .
They are n't so alien as you may immediately think .
You may well already work with such a language without really realising it .
Ignoring some syntactical obfuscations , both CG and HLSL are essentially pure , referentially transparent languages .
Neither language can wipe your hardrive or save state in global variables , and it's no coincidence that they both optimise exceptionally well .
As you can well imagine , this is not an open - and - shut success case .
Achieving good parallelism , even from a functional starting point , is still hard .
In the previous example of CG / HLSL , the hard parallelism work is still done by the programmer by setting up the GPU pipeline , rather than magically derived from the CG / HLSL .
Doing complicated , dependent operations in a GPU architecture is tricky and the subject of many GPGPU articles , although to be fair many of these obstacles are due to the current GPU architecture than the more fundamental issues in utilising parallelism .
Achieving parallel code that includes grubby details like nesting and runtime data dependencies are hard problems .
But in the long term I think it 's more plausible to turn these problems into successes in functional languages than anywhere else .
Compiler - parallelised code , even if partly programmer controlled , would be a Killer App for any alternative language , and one feature that C++ is unlikely to ever have .
Without this feature , there are many other benefits for games development to adopt a functional sister - language , but the cost of doing so may cancel out the cost of the adoption .
Multi-core Haskell
I 'm championing Haskell from the functional language pack for a variety of reasons , several of which are noted briefly in my talk and the rest I 'll expand on further in the future .
I hope many of the benefits of Haskell will be apparent to anyone prepared to spend the time learning it , and I 'd urge anyone interested to get stuck in immediately .
There are several decent tutorials referenced from the Haskell Wiki , and I can highly recommend , " Learn You A Haskell For Great Good ! " , as a great starting point .
One other very notable highlight is the on - going research into extending the language to support Nested Data Parallelism .
Although not complete , this research does look very promising and where I 'm hoping some of the magic may take place .
Haskell for Games is by no means a done deal , but my enthusiasm for this project has at least withstood it 's first challenge - presenting these ideas to members of the Haskell community - and if anything has grown as a result .
But we have laws against vigilantism for a reason -- several reasons , actually .
For one thing , Carrasquillo is still officially just the " person of interest " in the case , and there 's always still the chance that he 's not even the guy .
What 's more , there is the chance that the angry mob could have mistaken someone innocent for Carrasquillo and then assaulted the wrong guy , or worse .
( Indeed , Giordano said there were reports that such a thing did happen yesterday -- if that 's correct then I 'll update the post . )
There 's a lot of reasons why we expect people in authority -- the alleged grown - ups -- to oppose citizens taking the law into their own hands .
Dr Bill Hart - University of Warwick
Mathematicians from North America , Europe , Australia , and South America have resolved the first one trillion cases of an ancient mathematics problem .
The advance was made possible by a clever technique for multiplying large numbers .
The numbers involved are so enormous that if their digits were written out by hand they would stretch to the moon and back .
The biggest challenge was that these numbers could not even fit into the main memory of the available computers , so the researchers had to make extensive use of the computers ' hard drives .
According to Brian Conrey , Director of the American Institute of Mathematics , " Old problems like this may seem obscure , but they generate a lot of interesting and useful research as people develop new ways to attack them . "
The problem , which was first posed more than a thousand years ago , concerns the areas of right - angled triangles .
The surprisingly difficult problem is to determine which whole numbers can be the area of a right - angled triangle whose sides are whole numbers or fractions .
The area of such a triangle is called a " congruent number . "
For example , the 3 - 4 - 5 right triangle which students see in geometry has area 1/2 x 3 x 4 = 6 , so 6 is a congruent number .
The smallest congruent number is 5 , which is the area of the right triangle with sides 3/2 , 20/3 , and 41/6 .
The first few congruent numbers are 5 , 6 , 7 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 20 , and 21 .
Many congruent numbers were known prior to the new calculation .
For example , every number in the sequence 5 , 13 , 21 , 29 , 37 , ... , is a congruent number .
But other similar looking sequences , like 3 , 11 , 19 , 27 , 35 , .... , are more mysterious and each number has to be checked individually .
The calculation found 3,148,379,694 new congruent numbers up to a trillion .
Consequences , and future plans
Team member Bill Hart noted , " The difficult part was developing a fast general library of computer code for doing these kinds of calculations .
Once we had that , it did n't take long to write the specialized program needed for this particular computation . "
The software used for the calculation is freely available , and anyone with a larger computer can use it to break the team 's record or do other similar calculations .
In addition to the practical advances required for this result , the answer also has theoretical implications .
According to mathematician Michael Rubinstein from the University of Waterloo , " A few years ago we combined ideas from number theory and physics to predict how congruent numbers behave statistically .
I was very pleased to see that our prediction was quite accurate . "
It was Rubinstein who challenged the team to attempt this calculation .
Rubinstein 's method predicts around 800 billion more congruent numbers up to a quadrillion , a prediction that could be checked if computers with a sufficiently large hard drive were available .
History of the problem
The congruent number problem was first stated by the Persian mathematician al - Karaji ( c.953 - c.1029 ) .
His version did not involve triangles , but instead was stated in terms of the square numbers , the numbers that are squares of integers : 1 , 4 , 9 , 16 , 25 , 36 , 49 , ... , or squares of rational numbers : 25/9 , 49/100 , 144/25 , etc .
He asked : for which whole numbers n does there exist a square a 2 so that a 2 - n and a2+n are also squares ?
When this happens , n is called a congruent number .
The name comes from the fact that there are three squares which are congruent modulo n.
A major influence on al - Karaji was the Arabic translations of the works of the Greek mathematician Diophantus ( c.210 - c.290 ) who posed similar problems .
A small amount of progress was made in the next thousand years .
In 1225 , Fibonacci ( of " Fibonacci numbers " fame ) showed that 5 and 7 were congruent numbers , and he stated , but did not prove , that 1 is not a congruent number .
That proof was supplied by Fermat ( of " Fermat 's last theorem " fame ) in 1659 .
By 1915 the congruent numbers less than 100 had been determined , and in 1952 Kurt Heegner introduced deep mathematical techniques into the subject and proved that all the prime numbers in the sequence 5 , 13 , 21 , 29 , ... , are congruent .
But by 1980 there were still cases smaller than 1000 that had not been resolved .
Modern results
In 1982 Jerrold Tunnell of Rutgers University made significant progress by exploiting the connection ( first used by Heegner ) between congruent numbers and elliptic curves , mathematical objects for which there is a well - established theory .
He found a simple formula for determining whether or not a number is a congruent number .
This allowed the first several thousand cases to be resolved very quickly .
One issue is that the complete validity of his formula depends on the truth of a particular case of one of the outstanding problems in mathematics known as the Birch and Swinnerton - Dyer Conjecture .
That conjecture is one of the seven Millenium Prize Problems posed by the Clay Math Institute with a prize of one million dollars .
The computations
Results such as these are sometimes viewed with skepticism because of the complexity of carrying out such a large calculation and the potential for bugs in either the computer or the programming .
The researchers took particular care to verify their results , doing the calculation twice , on different computers , using different algorithms , written by two independent groups .
The team of Bill Hart ( Warwick University , in England ) and Gonzalo Tornaria ( Universidad de la Republica , in Uruguay ) used the computer " Selmer " at the University of Warwick .
Selmer is funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council in the UK .
Most of their code was written during a workshop at the University of Washington in June 2008 .
The team of Mark Watkins ( University of Sydney , in Australia ) , David Harvey ( Courant Institute , NYU , in New York ) and Robert Bradshaw ( University of Washington , in Seattle ) used the computer " Sage " at the University of Washington .
Sage is funded by the National Science Foundation in the US .
The team 's code was developed during a workshop at the Centro de Ciencias de Benasque Pedro Pascual in Benasque , Spain , in July 2009 .
Both workshops were supported by the American Institute of Mathematics through a Focused Research Group grant from the National Science Foundation .
Source : American Institute of Mathematics
Explore further Mathematician wins Shaw Prize for prime numbers , symmetry unification
Gary North
Lew Rockwell.com
Sunday , Sept 20th , 2009
There is considerable discussion about the possibility that the Federal Reserve could and possibly should create a monetary environment in which interest rates are negative .
First , why should it do this ?
Second , is this even possible ?
Third , if it is possible , under what conditions could / should the FED do this ?
I am not speaking here of real interest rates , i.e. , the cost of borrowing discounted by the rate of price inflation .
That environment existed in the late 1970s when Federal Reserve policy under the pipe - smoking Arthur Burns and then the long - forgotten G. William Miller produced negative real interest rates .
Prices were rising at rates higher than T - bill rates or T - bond rates .
Investors lost wealth by investing in these assets rather than gold or silver .
To call a halt to this , the cigar - smoking Paul Volcker instituted a new policy in the fall of 1979 .
The FED dramatically reduced the rate of monetary inflation .
As a result , there was a credit crisis .
Short - term T - bill rates in 1980 went to 15.5 % in March , fell back to 7 % in the recession , and then soared to 15.7 % in December .
http://tinyurl.com/lctfdl
This policy created back - to - back recessions : one for Carter and one for Reagan .
But it sharply reduced the rate of price inflation over the next few years .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average bottomed at 777 on August 13 , 1982 .
Negative real rates are the product of monetary inflation , which produces price inflation , which is followed by rising interest rates .
For a time , interest rates – especially short - term rates – pay less than the depreciation of the currency unit .
This is common in a boom phase of the economy .
To escape price inflation , the central bank must do what the FED did in the first half of Volcker ’s chairmanship , 1979 – 1982 .
The economists who talk about negative interest rates today mean an actual negative rate .
We already have negative real rates for T - bills , with 90 - day T - bills at 0.1 % or thereabouts these days , and price inflation rising faster than this , as reported by both the CPI ( 0.4 % for August ) and the Median CPI ( 0.1 % for August ) .
Check Treasury rates on my site : the department on “ Yield Curve .
” Check the Median CPI and CPI on my site ’s department , “ Federal Reserve Charts . ”
Or just type “ Federal Reserve Charts ” on Google .
My department is the top link .
WHY SHOULD THE FED DO THIS ?
There is a make - believe monster in the closet called a liquidity trap .
Keynesian economists fear the liquidity trap almost as much as they fear not getting tenure .
The liquidity trap takes place when prices fall .
Yes , fall !
You know , like the price of computer disk storage falls , which will destroy civilization if lots of other things are mass - produced and get cheaper .
The horror !
Keynesianism ’s logic is that falling prices will reduce investment opportunities .
You know , the way Henry Ford lowered the price of Fords , and then nobody wanted to buy Ford Motor Company shares , which is why he paid fortunes to his former investors to buy their shares back , i.e. , to help them out in a terrifying situation for them .
He was a generous man , as you have no doubt read .
The liquidity trap produces something called the zero - bound interest rate condition .
That is where we are today .
It was described by Nobel– Prize winning Keynesian economist Paul Krugman in March , 2008 .
In an article called “ Liquidity Trap Watch , ” he warned :
And as I ’ve pointed out before , we ’re quite close to liquidity trap territory : the point at which open - market purchases of Treasury bills , the normal way monetary policy operates , do n’t have any effect because the T - bill rate is near zero .
We are a lot closer to this now than we were in 2008 .
But why does this terrify Keynesian economists ?
If the Federal Reserve really can jump - start the economy by lowering interest rates close to zero , under what he called “ normal monetary policy , ” then why will a zero interest rate – free money – not get the economy rolling ?
There is only one logical answer : people will not borrow at zero interest .
Does this make sense ?
Maybe you wo n’t .
Maybe I wo n’t .
But I know someone who will .
Uncle Sam .
Keynesians believe that a large government deficit is good in a recession .
This deficit must be funded .
The FED can fund all or part of it .
The Federal government will then send this borrowed money to millions of people .
These people will then spend this money .
So , why wo n’t this familiar Keynesian prescription to fight recession work with rates at zero ?
The Keynesians never say .
Krugman offered no additional insights in his short column .
Why must rates go below zero for the FED to buy more T - bills ?
No good reason .
It can buy all the T - bills it wants .
There are $ 11.8 trillion out there , with lots more in the budget pipeline .
So , what ’s the problem , other than mass inflation – never anything that a Keynesian worries about ?
Keynesian economists have only two policy recommendations for recession : ( 1 ) have the Federal government borrow money from investors , which the government then spends ; ( 2 ) have the FED create the money to buy T - bills , which lets the T - bill sellers spend .
For a Keynesian , “ recession ” means “ insufficient consumer spending , ” not “ insufficient saving and therefore reduced output . ”
In theory , I see a problem .
If , at zero interest rate , the Federal government is unwilling to sell the FED more debt , this will create a crisis .
This assumes one of two conditions :
1 . The Federal government does not have any more debt to sell .
or 2 . The Federal government will not spend any money that it borrows from the FED .
Keynesian economists live in a strange intellectual world in which threats that the rest of us regard as inherently preposterous are very real threats to the nation ’s prosperity .
Any economist who refuses to live in this world risks not getting tenure .
That , for Keynesian economists , is a terrifying world indeed .
So , on the assumption that a rate of zero interest – free money – will keep the economy from recovering , the Keynesian looks for ways for the Federal Reserve to stimulate the economy .
How can it get the interest rate below zero , thereby encouraging the Federal government to borrow even more money ?
Answer : it can’t .
ARE NEGATIVE RATES POSSIBLE ?
Harvard University economist Greg Mankiw has written the most popular introductory textbook on economics .
He assures us that it is possible to have negative interest rates .
“ How ? ” you may ask .
After all , would you lend someone money with a promise to be given back less money ?
He explains how this is possible .
If r is the real interest rate , then the relative price of consumption tomorrow in terms of consumption today is 1 /( 1+r ) .
Is there anything in economic theory that requires this relative price to be less than one ?
Unless consumption goods are costlessly storable , which they are n’t , I do not think so .
Just as the price of apples can be more or less than the price of pears , the price of consumption tomorrow can be more or less than the price of consumption today .
If people are eager to defer consumption , then consumption tomorrow could well be more expensive than consumption today – that is , the equilibrium real interest rate could be negative .
This proves to me , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that getting tenure in Harvard ’s economics department does not require that you communicate in anything resembling the English language .
If anything , coherence is a career path liability .
It means that you are trying to assist people to understand something both practical and important .
Tenure - track professors should not make that mistake !
The Austrian economist Eugen von Böhm - Bawerk in the 1880s noted that there is always a discount of future goods in comparison to identical present goods .
His student , Ludwig von Mises , explained this discount in terms of human action .
We act in the present .
We satisfy our wants in the present .
If we win ten ounces of gold in a contest , but we are given the choice of taking possession now or in a hundred years , we choose to take it now .
We also choose now over five years or five hours , other things being equal .
( Mises , Human Action , Chapter XIX . )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
There is a risk premium in all interest rates : a compensating extra payment demanded by lenders for the risk of not being repaid .
Mises was not speaking of this .
He was referring to the inescapable discount of future goods as against present goods .
He called this time - preference .
We prefer goods now , when we can use them , to future goods , which we can not use now as we please .
Our range of actions – our freedom – increases when we have control over resources now rather than later .
This is why would - be borrowers who wish to persuade us to give up the use of these goods for a time must offer us a rate of return above zero .
They know we will not surrender control over our goods without a promise of a return above zero .
We can get zero without surrendering ownership .
We do n’t need them to get nothing .
We can get nothing all by ourselves free of charge .
Or , quoting Professor Kristofferson , nothing ai n’t worth nothing , but it ’s free .
So , should negative rates ever appear in a free market , they will be the result of a single factor .
There is a safe - storage fee involved in the transaction .
Think of storing a million dollars in gold coins or currency .
How can you transfer this cost ?
You can lend the coins or currency on written promise of repayment that the borrower will repay you at the end of the contract time limit .
( Lots of luck in a collapse . )
Under any other circumstances , you would hold your money rather than lend it at zero interest .
You would not surrender ownership for no good reason .
Well , maybe one good reason .
You are trying to get a teaching position in Harvard ’s economics department , and you think that if you prove that you are wacky enough to lend money at zero interest , Dr. Mankiw will recommend you .
“ He ’s one of my disciples . ”
So , assuming ( 1 ) you do n’t have a million dollars in gold coins or currency to store and ( 2 ) you are not trying to get a teaching position at Harvard , you will not lend at zero interest .
Neither will anyone else .
So , the goal of zero interest rates is impossible except as a storage fee .
That economists are discussing the possibility that the Federal Reserve System can somehow create monetary conditions in which there can be negative interest rates is indicative of the unreality of contemporary economists .
DOING THE IMPOSSIBLE IS NOT NECESSARY
Interest rates today are low because private lenders are buying T - bills .
The FED has been slowing its purchase of assets this year .
The monetary base has remained close to flat compared to the final quarter of 2008 .
See “ Adjusted Monetary Base : Short Term , ” in my department , “ Federal Reserve Charts . ”
Interest rates are low because of reduced demand by the private sector .
People are afraid to increase their debt .
But Uncle Sam is n’t .
He is on a spending binge like nothing we have seen since World War II .
If Keynesian policies work to restore prosperity – increased Federal debt and low interest rates – then this economy should be booming .
Productivity should be rising fast .
Unemployment should be coming down .
None of this is happening .
Thus , Keynesian economists conclude , there has to be a reason .
I mean a reason other than Keynesian economics is nuts , i.e. , that increased thrift and production are the basis of wealth , not increased consumption .
So , they go looking for liquidity traps and zero - bound interest rates .
They go looking for a better FED policy .
They go looking for negative interest rates .
“ If free money wo n’t get the economy booming , then what about a Christmas gift certificate from the FED ? ”
They are on the right track .
They just do n’t know where the FED can impose its new policy of negative rates .
Let me be the first to tell them .
The FED can get the banks lending and consumers borrowing by imposing negative interest rates in the one sector of the economy that it legally controls .
It can offer banks a negative interest rate on their excess reserves .
Banks are holding about $ 700 billion in excess reserves at the FED these days .
They are being paid the federal funds rate , i.e. , the rate that banks charge each other for overnight loans .
But banks are not borrowing overnight money these days .
Why not ?
Because overnight loans were used to keep banks from falling below their legal reserve requirement limit .
These days , banks are not lending .
They are not flirting with the legal reserve limit .
Instead , they are sending their money to the FED for safekeeping .
The FED pays them just above zero .
Sound familiar ?
Think “ storage fee . ”
Bankers are terrified of this economy .
They do n’t want to lose any more money .
So , they give it to the FED for safe handling .
The FED can get banks lending again simply by charging banks a storage fee on their excess reserves .
Put differently , the FED pays negative rates .
At some point – probably around 1 % – the banks will pull their money out of their excess reserves account and lend it to the Treasury at 0.1 % .
That ’s a better rate than negative 1 % .
There is no problem with getting banks to lend – nothing that a 1 % negative interest rate would not cure in 24 hours .
If I am wrong , then the FED can hike the fee to 2 % .
The FED ’s problem is this : as soon as the banks pull out their money and start lending , the fractional reserve process takes over .
The doubling of the FED ’s monetary base , September to December , 2008 , will lead to a doubling of M1 and a move of the M1 money multiplier into positive territory .
We would get mass inflation , then hyper-inflation .
The FED has no intention of getting either one .
So , it pays banks 0.1 % on their excess reserves , leaving Keynesians to get all in a dither over the liquidity trap and zero - bound interest rates .
CONCLUSION
Keynesian economics is nuts .
But you knew that .
This article was posted : Sunday , September 20 , 2009 at 5:25 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Obesity a crushing weight on U.S. health care HEALTH CARE
Obesity is the elephant in the room of health care reform , a public health catastrophe that kills more than 100,000 Americans a year , cost the nation $ 147 billion last year and threatens to shorten U.S. life expectancy for the first time since the Civil War .
Whatever Washington does this year to reduce medical spending seems likely to be swamped by the nation 's rising weight .
Obesity lurks behind the top chronic illnesses - heart disease , diabetes , stroke , and colon , breast and prostate cancers , among many others - whose treatments routinely cost hundreds of thousands of dollars .
One of every three Americans , and one of every four Californians , is obese and rates are rising at an alarming pace , particularly among children , experts say .
" Rising obesity rates are increasing health care expenditures per person in a way that is going to be very difficult to finance , " said Jay Bhattacharya , a doctor and health economist at Stanford University 's Center for Primary Care and Outcomes Research .
" Unless there is some vast improvement in the efficiency of the health care system - and I mean vast - we 're going to be spending a lot more just because a lot more people will have diabetes " and other obesity - related diseases , he said .
Obesity is all but impossible to treat .
Prevention is the only cure .
Yet while health care legislation in Congress would increase spending on prevention of chronic disease , it does little to tackle the underlying obesity epidemic directly .
Most of the bills are silent on what many health experts contend would be one of the most effective weapons : a tax on soda .
Junk - food taxes are part of a push to adapt the successful fight against tobacco to the more complex obesity epidemic .
Food , unlike tobacco , is necessary to life , and cheap food has all but eliminated hunger among the poor ; yet there are many striking parallels between unhealthy eating and smoking .
State a leader in fight
California is proving a bellwether in the campaign against obesity , introducing novel prevention strategies under a remarkable collaboration between nonprofits and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a body - building Republican who launched his political career pushing fitness .
Legislation that took effect in the state July 1 has put calorie labeling on chain - restaurant menus , while nonprofits , led by the California Endowment , a health foundation , are conducting groundbreaking experiments that range from farmers ' markets at Oakland schools to public park upgrades in the Salinas Valley town of Greenfield .
California was the first to set nutrition standards for food sold in schools ; now half the states do .
Still , such moves are up against a barrage of junk - food marketing , sedentary lifestyles , and federal farm and transportation policies that make processed fats and sugars cheaper than fresh food .
" We know exactly what to do about the obesity epidemic , " said Harold Goldstein , executive director of the California Center for Public Health Advocacy in Davis .
" Every successful public health movement , whether it was sanitation or air pollution or drunk driving or tobacco , has shown that people can only be healthy if there are policies in place that support them in making healthy choices . "
Recipe for obesity
Imagine a vast national experiment to encourage weight gain , Goldstein said .
" We put fast food on every corner , we put junk food in schools , we got rid of P.E. , we put candy and soda at the checkout stand of every retail outlet you can think of ....
The results are in .
It worked . "
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom 's plans to establish public vegetable plots and eliminate junk food from city property sounds preciously Left Coast but may be the vanguard of an ambitious national movement that aims to redesign cities and the way people eat .
Two Northern California cities - Arcata ( Humboldt County ) and Orinda - limit fast - food chains , while Los Angeles limited them in the South Central district after finding that 30 percent of children in those neighborhoods were obese .
Republicans on the House Energy and Commerce Committee mocked proposed jungle gyms and bike trails in health reform legislation , yet studies show such efforts help .
" It does n't sound crazy if you start looking at the causes of the problem , " said Kelly Brownell , an obesity researcher at Yale University 's Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity .
" In poor neighborhoods there is low access to healthy foods , high access to calorie - dense , nutrient - poor foods , and when healthy foods are available , they 're more expensive . "
The same holds for physical activity , where crime , poor facilities and parents working multiple jobs limit opportunities for safe play .
" You put all this together , " Brownell said , " and you have a picture that is maximizing calorie intake and minimizing calorie output , and there 's your recipe for obesity . "
Epidemic hit quickly
Life expectancy in the nation , rising since the Civil War to nearly 78 years now , could be halted or even rolled back as a result of Americans ' weight gain and the chronic diseases that accompany it , many experts believe .
The obesity epidemic took hold over just one generation , a stunningly short period in the history of public health , said Marion Standish , program director for the California Endowment .
Efforts to change individual behaviors have failed miserably ; researchers now are focused on changing the environment that has fostered weight gain to prevent obesity in the first place .
" Policymakers who ignore or ridicule prevention do so at their own peril , " Standish said .
" Cost data just released by the Centers for Disease Control show there is no doubt the health care system is going to bear the brunt of this challenge . "
A Queensland police officer has been stood down from normal duties over allegations he urinated on a poker machine on the Sunshine Coast .
The offence is alleged to have happened at the Alexandra Headlands nightclub on Wednesday night , when a group of off - duty police officers were socialising together .
Deputy Police Commissioner Ian Stewart says the officer has been stood down and will conduct non-operational duties until the investigation is completed .
" The allegation targets a specific officer but I know there were other officers allegedly off - duty at the time at the premises , " he said .
The conduct of the Sunshine Coast constable is being investigated by senior officers in his region .
Police Ethical Standards Command and the Crime and Misconduct Commission have also been advised .
Police are asking anyone with information about the incident to contact CrimeStoppers .
Car chase
In a separate investigation , a senior Brisbane police officer has also been stood down after he was allegedly caught driving at high speed during a car chase ,
Senior police say the public has a right to be shocked after the officer was allegedly caught driving more than 200 kilometres an hour during a pursuit north of Brisbane nearly a fortnight ago .
A senior sergeant from the Metropolitan North Region has been stood down after the apparently unauthorised chase on the Bruce Highway .
Deputy Police Commissioner Ian Stewart says the Ethical Standards Command is investigating the incident .
He says it is a very serious matter when an officer is caught driving at high speed .
" I think any member of the community would be shocked by that speed , " he said .
Strip away the layers of evasive political guile and what was most striking about Peter Mandelson 's speech yesterday was the reasoned modesty of his arguments .
Much thought had gone into his address on the explosive topic of public spending and quite a few hands had laboured over it , but his arguments in favour of a fiscal stimulus during a recession and the sensitivity about when and how the debt is repaid would not be particularly contentious in other equivalent countries .
In Britain alone the debate is at a fever pitch and this is because of how Conservatives have responded to the economic crisis .
Apparently Gordon Brown is obsessed with searching for dividing lines in relation to his opponents .
Over the economy he has not had to look very far .
David Cameron gave him one when he took the most politically significant policy decision of this parliament .
More or less a year ago , Cameron and George Osborne declared that they were scrapping their much - vaunted plans to stick with Labour 's spending commitments .
Instead they called for immediate spending cuts and opposed the fiscal stimulus being planned by the government .
A little earlier they had also chosen to oppose the nationalisation of Northern Rock , a decision that had been urged on the Government from more sensible voices across the political spectrum .
These are very big dividing lines which the Conservatives chose to erect .
They did not have to do so .
There were powerful arguments they could have made if they had moved in a different direction .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Presumably if the duo had been in power rather than in the more constrained position of choosing to erect dividing lines , there would have been spending cuts at the height of the recession , no fiscal stimulus and no takeover of banks on the verge of collapse .
Their policies would have left Britain isolated from the rest of the world , from the last gasps of the Bush era and on to Obama in the US to Germany and France .
The US , France and Germany launched fiscal stimulus packages that were substantially bigger than the one unveiled in Britain .
The main debate in those countries was whether it should have been bigger still .
The distinct economic illiteracy of the Conservatives ' position merits further exploration , as it tells us much about the leadership of both Cameron and Osborne .
They were adamant at the start of their reign that they would stick at first to the Government 's projected spending plans , which were eye - wateringly tight .
This was astute partly for tactical reasons as they recognised the dangers of getting into a detailed pre-election debate about cuts .
Perhaps even a bit of them believed it was the right policy , given that the Government 's future spending plans were tough and demands on public services would continue to grow .
They knew some activists disapproved .
They knew they would come under pressure from their right - wing supporters in the media to change their stance .
They were insistent they would not do so .
At the first whiff of gunfire last autumn they changed and marched back to their comfort zone of immediate spending cuts , the equivalent of Neil Kinnock announcing that in the early 1990s he had changed his mind on the virtues of multilateralism and was switching back to his previous support for unilateral nuclear disarmament .
Kinnock would have been slaughtered for making such a move .
But Cameron is still widely hailed as a great modernising leader in spite of his focus on cuts and the party 's still rabid euro - scepticism , two of its defining features in the 1990s .
I can see why Cameron and Osborne re-shaped their party 's economic policy .
Having exaggerated the scale of Britain 's debt crisis , they obviously needed distinctive policies to address it .
Lacking experience in economic policy - making , Cameron and Osborne consulted the party 's three former chancellors , Geoffrey Howe , Norman Lamont and Kenneth Clarke .
I am a fan of all three , but they are all still too nostalgically attached to the 1981 budget , not surprisingly in Howe 's case as he delivered it .
This was the budget that defined the Thatcher government 's monetarist path , one that incidentally it did not follow for very long .
The causes and consequences of the 1980s ' recession were incomparably different to the current one and yet the Tory leadership speak as if it is the same , even reviving Thatcher 's simplistic metaphors about the country being the same as a household that must repay its debt .
Probably the former chancellors told Cameron and Osborne what they wanted to hear .
In the end , Messrs Hague , Duncan Smith and Howard found it easier to flow with media and party orthodoxy .
The current leadership has done the same in relation to public spending as it did when the row about grammar schools erupted in the summer of 2007 .
But in the longer term , the shift presents Cameron and his shadow cabinet with the problems he had forecast when he briefly adopted a more pragmatic approach .
He is now pledged to a revolutionary shrinking of the state without being able to specify how he will go about making the big changes .
His speech last week about cutting the subsidies on meals in parliament was beyond parody .
Cameron is still trying to play Tony Blair in the run-up to 1997 , proposing small incremental policies .
The difference is that Blair was only planning incremental change .
Yesterday Mandelson made use of the space that has opened up in policy terms by highlighting the differences .
For all the Government 's recent hopelessly agonised contortions , his main arguments are irrefutable .
The Government had to invest in the recent past in order to revive derelict public services and it has to do so now to stimulate economic recovery .
At a point when the move can be made without wrecking the economy , the debt will be re-paid .
The message does not fit easily into a soundbite as it comprises a defence of the past , an investment - versus - cuts message during the recession , and a need to find substantial savings when the economy is growing again .
Whatever the complexities and evasiveness of Mandelson 's speech , the arguments are echoed in various forms around the world .
The Conservatives choose to be in a different place and , for the country , it is a dangerous one .
s.richards@independent.co.uk
Meet the $ 150 ( almost to ) Space Camera .
Bespoke is old hat .
Off - the - shelf is in .
Even Google runs the world ’s biggest and scariest server farms on computers home - made from commodity parts .
DIY is cheaper and often better , as Justin Lee and Oliver Yeh found out when they decided to send a camera into space .
The two students ( from MIT , of course ) put together a low - budget rig to fly a camera high enough to photograph the curvature of the Earth .
Instead of rockets , boosters and expensive control systems , they filled a weather balloon with helium and hung a styrofoam beer cooler underneath to carry a cheap Canon A470 compact camera .
Instant hand warmers kept things from freezing up and made sure the batteries stayed warm enough to work .
Of course , all this would be pointless if the guys could n’t find the rig when it landed , so they dropped a prepaid GPS - equipped cellphone inside the box for tracking .
Total cost , including duct tape ?
$ 148 .
Launch
Two weeks ago , on Sept. 2 , at the leisurely post - breakfast hour of 11:45 a.m. , the balloon was launched from Sturbridge , Massachusetts .
Lee and Yeh took a road trip in order to compensate for the prevailing winds , which could have otherwise taken the balloon out onto the Atlantic , and checked in on the University of Wyoming ’s balloon trajectory website to estimate the landing site .
Because of spotty cellphone coverage in central Massachusetts , it was important to keep the rig in the center of the state so it could be found upon landing .
Light winds meant the guys got lucky and , although the cellphone ’s external antenna was buried upon landing , the fix they got as the balloon was coming down was close enough .
The Photographs
The balloon and camera made it up high enough to see the black sky curling around our blue planet .
The Canon was hacked with the CHDK ( Canon Hacker ’s Development Kit ) open - source firmware , which adds many features to Canon ’s cameras .
The intervalometer ( interval timer ) was set to shoot a picture every five seconds , and the 8 - GB memory card was enough to hold pictures for the five - hour duration of the flight .
The picture you see above was shot from around 93,000 feet , just shy of 18 miles high .
It 's short of the widely - accepted Kármán line , which is at 100 km ( 62 miles ) up , but it's in the stratosphere , and it 's still impressive .
To give you an idea of how high that is , when the balloon burst , the beer - cooler took 40 minutes to come back to Earth .
What is most astonishing about this launch , named Project Icarus , is that anyone could do it .
The budget is so small as to be almost nonexistent ( the guys slept in their car the night before the launch to save money ) , so that even if everything went wrong , a second , third or fourth attempt would be easy .
All it took was a grand idea and an afternoon poking around the hardware store .
The project website has few details on how the balloon was put together – but the students say they will be posting the step - by - step instructions soon .
UPDATE : The instructions will be available for free , not $ 150 , as earlier reported .
Project Icarus page [ 1337 Arts ]
Photo credit : 1337 Arts / Justin Lee and Oliver Yeh
See Also :
Nisan did n’t mean to fall in love with Nemutan .
Their first encounter — at a comic - book convention that Nisan ’s gaming friends dragged him to in Tokyo — was serendipitous .
Nisan was wandering aimlessly around the crowded exhibition hall when he suddenly found himself staring into Nemutan ’s bright blue eyes .
In the beginning , they were just friends .
Then , when Nisan got his driver ’s license a few months later , he invited Nemutan for a ride around town in his beat - up Toyota .
They went to a beach , not far from the home he shares with his parents in a suburb of Tokyo .
It was the first of many road trips they would take together .
As they got to know each other , they traveled hundreds of miles west — to Kyoto , Osaka and Nara , sleeping in his car or crashing on friends ’ couches to save money .
They took touristy pictures under cherry trees , frolicked like children on merry - go - rounds and slurped noodles on street corners .
Now , after three years together , they are virtually inseparable .
“ I ’ve experienced so many amazing things because of her , ” Nisan told me , rubbing Nemutan ’s leg warmly .
“ She has really changed my life . ”
Nemutan does n’t really have a leg .
She ’s a stuffed pillowcase — a 2 - D depiction of a character , Nemu , from an X - rated version of a PC video game called Da Capo , printed on synthetic fabric .
In the game , which is less a game than an interactive visual novel about a schoolyard romance , Nemu is the loudmouthed little sister of the main character , whom she calls nisan , or “ big brother , ” a nickname Nisan adopted as his own when he met Nemu .
When I joined the couple for lunch at their favorite all - you - can - eat salad bar in the Tokyo suburb of Hachioji , he insisted on being called only by this new nickname , addressing his body - pillow girlfriend using the suffix “ tan ” to show how much he adored her .
Nemutan is a teenager and wears a little blue bikini and gold ribbons in her hair .
Nisan knows she ’s not real , but that has n’t stopped him from loving her just the same .
“ Of course she ’s my girlfriend , ” he said , widening his eyes as if shocked by the question .
“ I have real feelings for her . ”
At 37 , Nisan is already balding , and his remaining hair has gone gray .
“ I ca n’t eat meat because of my diabetes , ” he said , chomping on a forkful of lettuce and okra .
“ I ’m just an unlucky guy . ”
As Nisan and I talked , Nemutan stared demurely at her pumpkin soup .
It was a national holiday , and the restaurant was packed with young families .
Several mothers gave Nemutan inquisitive looks , but the majority seemed not to notice her .
Nisan told me that not long ago he had a real girlfriend , but that she dumped him .
He carries Nemutan almost everywhere he goes , though he is more self - conscious about it than he may seem at first .
“ Some people do n’t find this funny , ” he said , “ and it also takes up a lot of room . ”
He treats her the way any decent man would treat a girlfriend — he takes her out on the weekends to sing karaoke or take purikura , photo - booth pictures imprinted on a sheet of tiny stickers .
In the few hours we spent together , I watched him position her gently in the restaurant booth and later in the back seat of his car , making sure to keep her upright and not to touch her private parts .
He does n’t take her to work , but he has a backup body pillow with the same Nemutan cover inside his desk drawer in case he has to work late at his tech - support job .
“ She ’s great for falling asleep with on an office chair . ”
Nisan has seven Nemutan covers in total — he buys them at Internet auctions and at fan conventions whenever he finds a good deal ( he paid $ 70 for the original ) .
If one gets too faded and dirty from overuse , he layers a new one over it .
On the day that I first met Nisan and Nemutan , Nisan was carrying a new Nemutan cover in his bag in case she needed to look fresh for a photograph .
He knows it ’s weird for a grown man to be so obsessed with a video - game character , but he just ca n’t imagine life without Nemutan .
“ When I die , I want to be buried with her in my arms . ”
We 've learned from this clip that male turtles get really into it when they fuck , replete with facial expressions and sex moans that turn their throats into something resembling a vagina and a fart .
( Click image to view video . )
The best part of all of his dramatics ?
The female is mentally going over her grocery list .
Advertisement
La natura di Paolo - Le mie tartarughe [ YouTube ]
After a bank heist in Abilene with several casualties , the bank robber Seth Gecko and his psychopath and rapist brother Richard Gecko continue their crime spree in a convenience store in the middle of the desert while heading to Mexico with a hostage .
They decide to stop for a while in a low - budget motel .
Meanwhile the former minister Jacob Fuller is traveling on vacation with his son Scott and his daughter Kate in a RV .
Jacob lost his faith after the death of his beloved wife in a car accident and quit his position of pastor of his community and stops for the night in the same motel Seth and Richard are lodged .
When Seth sees the recreational vehicle , he abducts Jacob and his family to help his brother and him to cross the Mexico border , promising to release them on the next morning .
They head to the truck drivers and bikers bar Titty Twister where Seth will meet with his partner Carlos in the dawn .
When they are watching the dancer Santanico Pandemonium , Seth and Richard fight with ... Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
JRuby 1.4 Release Candidate 1 is now available ( links to all JRuby 1.4 RC1 versions ) .
A look at the release notes for JRuby 1.4 RC1 shows a lot of improvements such as the Ruby 1.8.7 support and the new Java integration support discussed previously on InfoQ .
Windows users might like the new JRuby installers , available as .exe files from the JRuby 1.4 download location .
Developers who want to embed JRuby in their applications for scripting or simply use JRuby from Java code now have a new API to work with : " Red Bridge " or org.
jruby.embed , a new embedding API which might replace JRuby 's JavaEmbedUtils in a future JRuby version .
Yoko Harada , creator of Red Bridge , explains :
Having JRuby 1.4.0RC1 , users might be confusing JRuby ’s JavaEmbedUtils and Red Bridge , and which one they should use .
Definitely , new users should use Red Bridge since it is easy to use and powerful . [..]
Right now , JavaEmbedUtils as well as other embed related interfaces are on a discussion to seek how they can be obsolete .
API of JavaEmbedUtils and others have been used in many packages including JRuby Rack , so making them obsolete would be influential .
Red Bridge fixes some problems with other embedding APIs , such as the problem of how to see local variables across different calls to JRuby .
The documentation of the new org.jruby.embed.ScriptingContainer explains :
The third examples shows how to keep local variables across mutilple evalucations .
This feature simulates BSF engine for JRuby .
In terms of Ruby semantics , local variables should not survive after the evaluation has completed .
Thus , this behavior is optional , and users need to specify LocalVariableBehvior .
PERSISTENT
when the container is instantiated .
An example :
ScriptingContainer container = new ScriptingContainer ( LocalVariableBehavior .PERSISTENT ) ; container.runScriptlet ( " p = 42 " ) ; container.runScriptlet(" puts # {p} " ) ;
Without LocalVariableBehavior .
PERSISTENT
, the variable p would not be available in the second call to container .
runScriptlet , thus requiring to use global variables instead of local ones for use cases like this .
Now 's the time to try JRuby 1.4 RC1 and report any regressions so fixes can make it into the release .
Finally , everyone interested in what makes JRuby tick can read R.J. Lorimer 's series on JRuby 's internals , the latest article dives into the the JRuby JIT .
Imagine this :
It ’s 1976 and you ’re dating a man named Rick .
He has a mustache and owns at least one reindeer sweater .
High off of reading The Easter Parade and The Great Santini , he ’s all pumped up to write the next great American novel but , to make ends meet , he ’s currently working for Hallmark .
He ’s been really cagey about his latest project , only revealing that this will be the first time Hermann Zapf ‘s Crown font is used in a publication .
The fact is , things could be better between the two of you ; he forgot your birthday … then your anniversary .
Then there was that time he bit your head off on the car ride home for making fun of him during a game of Monopoly at a friend ’s house .
Now , imagine it ’s Valentine ’s Day and you ’re not expecting much – but Rick surprises you .
It turns out that book he was working on – it ’s all about you !
And your relationship !
Your eyes well up with tears of joy .
Then , as you skim through , they become tears of something else .
You discover that the book is full of lines like this : “ Please do n’t get mad at me if I forget your birthday or some special day we share . ”
And this : “ Please do n’t expect me to always be good and kind and loving .
There are times when I will be cold and thoughtless and hard to understand . ”
And there ’s even a photo depicting couples board game night paired with this text : “ Please do n’t … make me look foolish in front of other people . ”
I spotted this amazing treasure at Spoonbill and Sugartown and , of course , I had to buy it right away .
Aside from the prose , the photographs are priceless – but even more priceless are the hand written annotations and underlined passages in my copy , beseeching the reader to re-read certain lines .
It ’s out of print ( as you might have imagined ) but , as your faithful friend , I ’ve digitally preserved this amazing book ; every magical page can be viewed after the jump .
BEING as how this blog is entitled " Democracy in America " , one might expect it to be largely concerned with ignorance , paranoia , apathy , demagogy , and corporate lobbying .
But in fact we only spend about half our time on that stuff .
Today , however , we have a nice little example of all five wrapped up into one : Megan Kelly 's attempt on FOX News to get Bill Burton , the president 's deputy press secretary , to admit that a new White House website set up to counter disinformation about health - care reform is really a scheme to collect the personal data of Barack Obama 's political enemies .
And once Mr Obama has this personal data , he will ... send them all personally - signed photos ?
Round them up and have them shaved and branded ?
Sell their email addresses to cut-rate Viagra retailers ?
Ms Kelly never makes it quite clear , but she is mighty worried that the whole thing will have a chilling effect on the right to email asinine conspiracy theories to millions of people you do n't know .
There are , of course , countries that really do use the internet to exert a chilling effect on free speech .
For example , Xu Zhiyong , a Chinese human - rights lawyer who was mounting a class - action suit on behalf of victims of melamine - laced milk , was arrested a week ago in Beijing and has not been heard from since .
And over the past few days , someone ( but who ? ) has eliminated Mr Xu's presence from the internet .
His blog has vanished .
Entering his name in Chinese search engines , like Baidu and Chinese Google , returns a message that the search has been disallowed because it may be connected to illegal activities .
One might think that a bastion of freedom of speech like FOX News would be interested in such a story .
But , funny thing , another search engine that does n't return any news about Xu Zhiyong 's arrest is the one on FOXNews.com .
The site did carry a few AP stories about Mr Xu's melamine suit , but since his arrest , not a word .
Another way to come up with nothing is to go to the site 's video section and search for " China dissident " .
Or " Murdoch China " .
" Murdoch " returns lots of video of Rupert Murdoch speaking his piece on various issues , and , what with his Chinese wife , his house in Beijing , and his immense investments in the Chinese market over the past 15 years , you 'd think he would be interested in saying something about China .
But no , not a word .
Bill Dover , a former NewsCorp executive , would say Mr Murdoch pulls his punches on China because he 's currying favour with the government .
But who are we to judge ?
Perhaps we should should suggest to the folks at FOX News that they do a story on Chinese dissidents .
We could leave a comment on their website !
But , oh dear , to leave a comment you have to register .
Gosh , look at all the information you have to give them .
Name , email , zip code , profession , income — all required fields .
( Funny , if your last name contains a three - letter word meaning " tuchus " , you 're not allowed to enter it .
Who'd they buy this software from , the Chinese government ? )
And then you have to check this box that says you 've read their privacy policy .
Shall we read it ?
Do let 's !
It says they can provide all your Personal Identifying Information to any other NewsCorp company or sell it to a third party , but they have to " obtain your permission " first .
Well , that 's what they 're doing now , is n't it ?
And ( also with your " permission " ) they can monitor your click behaviour in , say , online polls , and combine it with your identifying information .
Could they sell that information to a third party interested in knowing your name , email , political views , how much you earn , and where you live ?
Gosh , it seems to suggest they could , but it 's not terribly clear .
Wait — I know !
Instead of laboriously harvesting health - care reform opponents ' personal information from forwarded emails , the Obama administration can save lots of trouble and buy that information from FOX News !
They seem to have it all on file already .
An 18 year old in the UK has becomes the first person to be jailed in the UK for bullying over the internet .
18 year old Keeley Houghton has been given three months in a young offenders ' institute and a five month restraining order after threatening to kill someone on Facebook , the first person in the UK to be jailed for cyber - bullying .
Houghton claimed that she wrote the messages late at night while drunk and had no memory of it , but it was quickly shown that that was not the case .
The comments were posted at 4 pm on the 12th of July and remained on Houghton 's Facebook page for 24 hours before being removed .
The police became involved when Ms Houghton approached the victim Emily Moore while she was out with her boyfriend , ostensibly to apologize , but then became threatening when her apology was rebuffed .
Houghton has two prior convictions for bullying Ms Moore , including one in 2005 for assaulting her on the way home from school which led to Houghton 's expulsion .
While Houghton appeared contrite during her hearing and admitted her involvement , District Judge Bruce Morgan was unimpressed , saying : " Since Emily Moore was 14 you have waged compelling threats and violent abuse towards her ...
Bullies are by their nature cowards , in school and society .
The evil , odious effects of being bullied stay with you for life ...
On this day you did an act of gratuitous nastiness to satisfy your own twisted nature . "
Source : The Telegraph
Previously we shared a small article about what binaural recordings also known as auditory sound illusions which explained what is binaural recording with a well known example virtual barbershop .
This time we would like to share this fantastic list of top 10 binaural recordings of all time .
All you need is the flash player installed in your broswer and a stereo headphone .
Click on the play button to start playing and click on the respective download link to download that binaural recording in MP3 format .
Matchbox Rattle
Download Matchbox Rattle
Virtual Barbershop
Download Virtual Barbershop
Phantom Words
Download Phantom Words
Tritone Paradox
Download Tritone Paradox
Quickening Beat
Download Quickening Beat
Falling Bells
Download Falling Bells
Shepherds Ascending Tones
Download Shepherds Ascending Tones
Phantom Melodies
Download Phantom Melodies
Scale Illusion
Download Scale Illusion
Bonus Sound for under 20s Only
Download Bonus Sound
Please do share which one is the most interesting .
Also if you have any other binaural recording worth sharing please provide us with its link so that we may add it to this list .
[ via Listverse ]
A bit too rich for our blood -- what about you ?
We 'd just pour a few more dollars ( like a fraction of the price tag for one of these ) into the parts that matter , like a processor , SSD and an entire entertainment center to put a small form factor PC like this in .
Heard of Gaiser high - end PCs ?
Yeah , neither had we , until we came across the glorious machine shown here .
This ultra-luxurious PC is way , way more than just your next small form factor PC .
It 's an icon , a status symbol and a perfect way to spend upwards of $ 30,000 .
Yeah , 30 grand !
Compensating ?
The German company produces machines that , internally , are n't all that spectacular .
You 'll find the traditional array of internal specs ( Core 2 Duo , a few gigabytes of RAM , a decent hard drive , etc. ) , but it 's obviously the exterior that sells .
Basically , if you can dream it up , these guys can make it happen .
We 're talking about 24 carat gold , Swarovski crystals and a jet black paint scheme fit for a NASCAR ride .
The choice of precious metals and the exact design can be customized for those with deep enough pockets , with the design09 Tricolor Gold requiring around $ 32,300 , the design07 Tricolor Gold fetching around $ 26,000 and other models starting as low as $ 7,820 .
Groups has no available titles yet .
Will the Congress vote today to reprimand Congressman Joe Wilson ?
That is a much less important question than the issues raised by his cry of " you lie ! " during the president 's healthcare speech last week .
Because weeks of mutterings are now out there , in the open , on the front page of the Washington Post .
The allegation is that the fury towards the president that has been seen at town - hall meetings and tea party protests is in part motivated by racism .
Over the last couple of days there has been a focus on Mr Wilson 's intervention , which was widely seen as disrespectful .
A stream of articles has revealed that he was one of a handful of politicians who voted to keep the confederate flag flying over the South Carolina state house and was a long time ago a junior aide to Strom Thurmond , a former presidential candidate and one - time staunch segregationist .
But this is not to do with one individual .
The Post asks : " Is racism a factor in the way the president is being judged ? "
The question has already been answered most vehemently by columnist Maureen Dowd in the New York Times .
Race is such a touchy , bitter subject it is often left alone by the mainstream media , and some would say should be avoided by wise British bloggers .
Slight remarks can be explosive .
On a recent sleepless night , I followed a thread on a science fiction discussion forum about whether a fiction character in one novel ( apparently based on a dark - skinned figure from Celtic mythology ) was reinforcing racist stereotypes .
How much more sensitive the issue is in the political arena .
So I am describing and inviting debate , not passing comment .
The relationship between black and white has been such an important driving factor in American political history that it would be strange if it now mattered not a jot .
The allegation is that many of those who are calling their president " un-American " mean he is not white .
Democratic propaganda , over - sensitivity or truth ?
Tell me ...
' Cash for Refrigerators : ' Like Clunkers , But For Appliances Federal program will offer rebates on energy - efficient home appliances .
Aug. 20 , 2009 -- Cash for refrigerators ?
Yes , and other appliances .
The government hopes a new incentive program will help the economy and the environment , persuading people it 's time to replace that old washing machine .
A program that kicks in late this fall will offer consumers cash to help buy new home appliances .
You could get a rebate of $ 50 to $ 200 for buying a new , more energy - efficient appliance to replace one in your kitchen .
The details are still being worked out .
They will vary from state to state .
State governments have until Oct. 15 to send detailed plans to Washington .
The federal government has set aside $ 300 million for the program as part of the economic stimulus plan .
There 's no trade - in required , as in the government 's " cash for clunkers " deal with consumer car trade - ins .
But rebate checks will be issued that can be used to cover everything from refrigerators and dishwashers to furnaces and air conditioners .
The Department of Energy hopes to encourage conservation by getting consumers to replace old , wasteful appliances with new , more efficient Energy Star certified machines .
But the appliance industry , reeling from the recession and a drop in sales , also hopes the rebates will provide a much - needed sales boost .
In 2008 , the government says , about 55 percent of new appliances sold met the requirements for an Energy Star label .
The cash - for - refrigerators plan will be in addition to incentive programs already run by many states -- though there 's no saying the federal money will get people to buy new appliances instead of fixing their old ones when money is tight .
" This stimulus certainly is needed , " said Jill Notini of the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers .
" Our industry is down 15 percent for the year , and we were down in 2008 as well .
So this is very needed . "
Each state will write its own rules for doling out the rebates .
The state plans will be reviewed by the Department of Energy starting in late October , and money could start flowing to consumers by November , though some states may need a few more months to implement the program .
Notini said at least 25 states already have rebate programs on the books .
" This will just add more money to the kitty " in those states , she said .
Most of those rebates are in the $ 50 to $ 200 range , " and that 's the ballpark that this will be in . "
But for the rest of the states and territories , this will create an entirely new program .
Consumers should check with their state 's energy department for details on when the rebates will be available .
Links to information about stimulus projects by state can be found on the Energy Department 's Recovery Act Web site .
Up to six students were today fighting for every university place in a crisis which will leave thousands of applicants facing heartbreak .
University admissions service UCAS said 135,114 students were already eligible for clearing this year , but it is thought that only 22,000 places are available .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
At this time last year about 109,000 people were eligible for clearing and double the amount of places ( 44,000 ) were available .
This year 's record A - level results have put added pressure on the admissions system , which is facing a shortage in places caused by a surge in applications .
Most of the UK's leading universities have already said they are full , while others say they have few places left available , leaving up to six students chasing every spot .
Ucas today confirmed that record numbers of students have had their university places confirmed ( 371,016 applicants ) , but almost two fifths were still waiting to hear if they had been successful .
Some 135,114 would - be students have qualified for clearing because they have either not met the grades required by their course , have chosen not to take up an existing offer , or were not holding an offer .
Clearing is the annual process of matching applicants to vacant university courses .
Ucas , based in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , said there were 609,155 university or college applicants in total this year , up some 10 % on last year .
Some 96,806 applicants were still awaiting a decision on places today , up 15 % on last year .
Withdrawn applicants amount to 6,219 , a figure roughly equal to last year .
It has been estimated that up to 50,000 applicants could miss out on a place this year , but universities minister David Lammy said today that both he and Ucas did not recognise the figure .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " You simply can't deduce that kind of number at this stage . "
Every year , one in five young people who applied to university did not go for various reasons , he added .
Speaking at the Ucas centre today Mr Lammy stressed that thousands of courses were still available .
He said : " We will do all we can to support Britain 's young people , to back them at this time .
Young people who are not successful may wish to go back for re-takes and we are supporting the sixth form colleges in bigger numbers than ever . "
The number of courses showing vacancies for EU and UK students is 31,163 .
But that is not the same as the true number of available clearing places for individuals , which is expected to be lower , UCAS said .
The figure shows several different choices of course relating to the same subject , where there may be only one place available .
For example there might be several different types of nursing course offered - to give options - but once one of them is taken up , the others are withdrawn .
There are a further 8,326 courses showing vacancies for non-EU students , as there is no cap on their places because they pay full fees .
Kate Butland , UCAS customer services manager , said her staff would be taking some 15,000 calls today alone from anxious students and parents .
Her 110 staff would be consoling and encouraging in equal measure , but above all telling callers not to panic despite the reported scramble for places .
Ms Butland said : " Calls are taking slightly longer this year , partly because of the reduction in places , and because of the adjustment period ( dubbed trading - up ) where those who exceed expectations can now speak to institutions they would n't normally do . "
A message on UCAS 's Twitter thread today apologised for busy phone lines , promising to answer calls as soon as possible .
Diana Warwick , chief executive of vice - chancellors ' group Universities UK , said : " Universities are experienced in handling high numbers of applications and they have been preparing for this peak time for many months now , along with UCAS .
There will be a range of UCAS and university advisers available to help those applicants who have not gained a place initially . "
Dr Wendy Piatt , director general of the Russell Group of leading universities , said : " Competition for places at Russell Group universities has always been tough .
This is because students see their degrees as intellectually challenging as well as the basis for getting top jobs after graduating .
Liberal Democrat universities spokesman Stephen Williams said : " The irony is that while a record number of students have achieved the top grades , more young people than ever are going to be disappointed as they fail to get a place at university .
" Ministers must accept the blame for making this situation far worse by failing to fund the number of extra places they originally promised . "
Wes Streeting , president of the National Union of Students ( NUS ) , said : " We remain concerned that , despite passing their A - levels today , many university applicants will still be disappointed .
" The Government may have recently increased university places by 10,000 , but thousands of people who have applied to study non-STEM subjects are going to be without a place this summer . "
I ’ve been working away on my Commodore CRPG as time allows and making some good progress with it .
It ’s provisionally called “ The Citadel ” .
I ’ve made a number of visual changes including moving the map display to a separate screen which I think works quite well , tweaked the wall graphics a bit and added a custom font .
Raster interrupts are used to provide some flexibility with screen colours and character sets for different vertical slices of the screen .
My build process also adds the executable and data files to a Commodore 64 disk image file allowing me to swap in maps or wall graphics as required .
Currently I have lots of free space on a standard 170K disk .
There are some locations with flavour text and examples of special locations where you can find objects and add them to what is currently a simple inventory .
Content wise , the next things I really want to add are some wandering encounters , an initial combat scheme and a shop where you can upgrade your weapons and armour .
Before that though I need to take a look at the way I ’m currently using memory for the game .
I started to experience some strange behaviour the other day and decided that the code segment of the game was overwriting some sensitive area of the C64 memory .
My current executable file appears to be about 37 K ( 36,929 bytes ) .
This has n’t been an issue so far as I ’ve been very free with my use of memory so far .
For example the wall set character data is larger than the final data will need to be to allow me to easily and quickly update graphics and see them working in the game immediately .
As mentioned before I ’m using a mixture of C and 6502 assembly language using CC65 https://github.com/cc65/cc65.
It ’s a suite of tools including a C compiler and a full assembler and can be used with a variety of 8 bit systems such as the C64 , Apple II and Atari 800 .
It uses a configuration file to determine the memory layout of your program .
Here ’s a portion of my current file :
One change I made from the original file was to move my CODE segment to come after my data files .
This possibly is n’t the best approach so if anyone has experience of C64 coding or particularly using CC65 then I ’d welcome your advice .
Currently I have my character set ( font ) starting at $ 3000 ( 12288 in decimal ) so this can be moved to a lower position in memory , providing I pick one of the valid character set locations .
The screen memory sits at 1024 – 2024 by default but can be relocated if required .
Even if I leave the screen where it is and move the character set and wall character sets to sit after the screen that will still open up another 10 K or so for code .
There are lots of inefficiencies in some of my data files / data areas which I can reduce and I also have some old routines that I ’m not using that I can take out to free up additional space .
My next job however is to review the C64 memory map again ( https://sta.c64.org/cbm64mem.html) and see whether I can move my data to sit under some of the areas of the C64 memory that can be switched in and out to access the full 64 K of memory that the C64 has .
These would normally include the BASIC ROM and the KERNAL ROM areas .
I also need to check where CC65 stores its stack of C data structures and variables .
I believe the C stack grows downwards into memory but I need to check and maybe look for a good CC65 forum that can advise me .
Overall I ’m still really enjoying putting this game together and finding the C / 6502 hybrid programming approach is working well for me .
by Vito Rispo
“ M.J. was introduced as the greatest player ever and he ’s still standing there trying to settle scores , ” one Hall of Famer said privately
In the lead - up to and in the wake of Michael Jordan ’s big Hall of Fame induction weekend and the ( disturbingly petty ) speech he gave during it , Nike has been pushing these “ Leroy Smith ” viral videos .
Question is , Who is Leroy Smith ?
Check it , Savvyites :
Harvest Leroy Smith is the reason Michael Jordan had to play JV throughout his sophomore year of high school .
He ’s the man who beat out MJ for the last spot on the Laney High School varsity basketball team , and now he ’s an internet meme with Charlie Murphy ’s face .
Jordan says getting cut from the varsity high school team was a major turning point in his life , so much so , he even invited the man who got his spot , Leroy Smith , to his Hall of Fame induction .
Looks like MJ ’s obsessed .
During his speech ( which , like I said , is doused with petty whines and weird ramblings ) he makes Smith out to be just some goon who played high school ball and only made the team over MJ because some cosmic architect was trying to shape his competitive nature .
What he does n’t mention is that Smith was at least good enough to play ball at UNC - Charlotte , and then overseas in various minor leagues before he decided to quit and settle in with a sales job , get married , and have kids like a regular human being .
However , when Jordan mentioned his version of the Smith story to Nike executives , they created an ad campaign based around a washed up “ man who claims to have motivated Michael Jordan ” .
Granted , it really screws with the image of the real Leroy Smith , but it is effing hilarious .
Strangely , I do n’t see any plugs for Nike anywhere in these videos .
Maybe this is part of Nike ’s anti-advertising thang .
Whatever it is , they ’re really pushing it , there are 15 + videos on the Youtube.com account and there ’s even an NBA.com interview with the fake Smith .
So check it , here ’s the complete collection :
Leroy Smiths Hall of Fame Petition
News Stories : Leroy Smith Exposed ( 1/4 )
News Stories : In the Recording Studio with Leroy Smith ( 2/4 )
News Stories : Motivation in Action with Leroy Smith ( 3/4 )
News Stories : Behind the Scenes with Leroy Smith ( 4/4 )
Leroy Smith ’s ‘ My Gift to the Game ’ music video
Leroy Smith message for Peter R Casey
Leroy Smith ’s 2 - on - 2 Hall of Fame Challenge
GetYourBasketballOn : Shuffle & Sweat
GetYourBasketballOn : The Mind Maze
GetYourBasketballOn : The Blind Mantis
GetYourBasketballOn : Giant Target Drill
Dragon Attack Drill
ABC Focus Drill
Welcome to Leroy Smith ’s Website
via GetYourBasketballOn.com
The Problem of the Absolute in Evidential Epistemology
David Snoke
Dept. of Physics & Astronomy
University of Pittsburgh
3941 O'Hara Street
Pittsburgh , PA 15260
From PSCF 47 ( March 1995 ) : 2 - 22 .
Great scientific advances have taken place based on the scientific method , while many have found faith and comfort via the evidential apologetic of scholars like Josh McDowell and Hugh Ross .
Both the scientific method and evidentialism rest on inductive epistemology .
Yet in modern philosophy departments both the scientific method and evidentialism are dead , because inductive epistemology is dead , and modern scholars who follow them are considered naive .
Although induction has been defended in this century by scholars like Wittgenstein and Reichenbach , it is perceived to have failed because of the problem of the absolute ; in other words , it seems to provide no basis for absolute certainty .
I propose dropping the search for " absolute certainty " altogether , since it is meaningless , and argue , partly from modern language theory , that inductive epistemology is self - consistent and that only inductive epistemology provides the basis for science and universal ethics in the Christian context .
Those who want a " mathematical " certainty in epistemology , following Descartes and Kant , have opened the door to the widespread relativism in this century regarding both religion and scientific matters .
T he debate about science and Christianity is one of the great arguments of our day .
Some claim that science has proven Christianity false , or at least made it unnecessary and irrelevant .
1 New Age proselytizers claim not only that science has disproved Christianity , but has gone further to prove , or at least support , Buddhism or other Eastern religions .
2
Others have maintained that almost all of modern science suffers from such a degree of bias that Christians must take up arms , so to speak , against non-Christian science .
3
How can we enter this jungle of viewpoints ?
Must we take refuge in a high wall of separation between science and religion , refusing to allow any connection between the two ?
I have previously4 said that Christian theology and science do not exist in two unconnected worlds .
In saying this , I do not mean that theology and science are identical , but that they share a unified epistemology , that each can make claims about propositions that lie in the realm of the other .
In other words , although sometimes theology and science make different kinds of claims about the same world , sometimes they make the same kind of claim about the same world , and therefore can conflict .
For instance , theology may say that the universe has a beginning , or that some people love doing evil , and therefore tread on the realms of astrophysics and psychology .
The situation is essentially the same as the interactions between , for example , music and mathematics .
While these fields are not the same , each of these can have implications for the other , as in a mathematical analysis of music theory .
This view of the unity of things implies an evidential , or inductive , epistemology .
In evidential apologetics , we learn religious truths from the world around us .
Non-evidential apologetics sees religious truths as arising from another place , a different world , so to speak .
The evidential apologetic of Christians like C.S. Lewis, 5 Josh McDowell , 6 and recently , Hugh Ross7 has great appeal to many for precisely this reason , that Christianity takes its place in the " real " world and not only in a " pretend " world with no tests of truth .
Yet most Christian thinkers view such approaches as harmless naivete or useful fiction .
Similarly , modern science rests on inductive , " real world " logic , yet modern philosophy of science essentially sees all scientists as engaging in a naive exercise , since inductive logic is dead in the philosophy departments .
The objections of these philosophers to evidentialism essentially rest on one argument , which is the problem of the absolute , or the problem of the starting point , in inductive logic .
This question has remained at the center of critical philosophy for hundreds of years , and most philosophers have resolved it by rejecting inductive epistemology altogether .
In this essay , therefore , I look at the problem of the absolute .
Is evidential epistemology really unworkable ?
Can an intelligent person approach both science and Christianity , indeed , all knowledge , via evidential epistemology ?
Epistemology is hardly an abstract and dry subject .
As the subject of how we know things , it has two intensely practical applications .
First , on what basis can I feel certain of anything I think I know ?
I can only act confidently on the basis of things I feel sure I know .
Second , how do people learn things , i.e. , how do they come to have knowledge ?
Our approach to teaching and to conveying any message will depend on how we think people come - to - know .
These issues will remain central in this essay .
Two Schools of Thought
To present the problem , let me start by describing the " naive model " of knowledge , called the scientific method , which goes back at least as far as Francis Bacon in the 16th century .
8
In this view , " data " and " theory " are sharply divided .
" Data " represents all knowledge perceived through the senses and recorded , perhaps on paper or magnetic tape , perhaps only in the memory of a person 's mind .
A person can obtain this kind of knowledge " objectively , " which means that the person can collect , or receive , data so that the data remain the same despite the theories held by the person .
" Theory " refers to a general statement about the data , which a person can create by using the imagination .
A theory does not generally remain the same .
If a theory contradicts data , then the theory is false - data act as a judge of a theory .
To deliberately change data to conform it to a favored theory is immoral , a falsehood .
If the two contradict , then the theory must change , not the data , to make reconciliation .
Theories are quite useful because it is much easier to remember a simple statement , such as " All people have two legs , " than to remember a long list of data , such as " Joe has two legs , Bob has two legs , Sally has two legs , etc . "
Progress in science occurs as people create general statements that are initially fictions of the imagination ( " hypothesis " ) .
These statements are compared to data ( " experiment " ) , which either supports or overturns them .
As the amount of data increases that does not contradict a theory , the theory gains greater trustworthiness .
A theory therefore has value since it provides simplification ( it " unifies " the data ) and has confirmation ( it can be tested by comparison to data , which does not contradict it . )
Some readers may be surprised to learn that this picture of science , still taught in many textbooks , 9 has been rejected as a description of science by almost all modern science philosophers .
Philosophers have rejected the scientific method as an epistemology in this century for the same reason that they rejected evidentialism in religion in the last century , because it is inherently an inductive epistemology .
While some may include inductive thinking as part of their systems , they reject inductive thinking as a starting point of epistemology , because of the problem of the absolute .
Before addressing the objections to this model of knowledge , I wish to point out that while some may refuse to extend this model to all knowledge , few would deny that it applies to a great deal of " normal " knowledge beyond the realm of the scientific laboratory .
Three examples illustrate this .
[ The scientific method ] applies to a great deal of " normal " knowledge
beyond the realm of the scientific laboratory .
First , very young children learn in a process very much like this .10 Confronted with a huge amount of new sense experiences , which they do not prejudge , i.e. , " data , " they constantly try to form simple generalizations with which to organize the world around them .
A child repeatedly tosses things off a high chair , and finds that they always come back .
An expectation , i.e. , a " theory , " is created that " what goes down must come up . "
After repeated trials , however , the parent may tire and items do not return .
Faced with this contradiction between experience and expectation , the child may then adjust the " theory " to " all things I throw down will come back up to me at least for a while . "
This series of creating new , often nonverbal , rules about life and overturning them based on experience continues for years , until perhaps the child tires of learning and decides to stick with established rules , ignoring new experiences .
Language is learned in the same way - by repetition of associations of experiences , the experience of the " sign " with the experiences of the " signed . "
These " experiences " include internal " feelings " and input from the five senses .
Chomsky11 and others have argued that certain innate " forms " of language exist from birth as instincts , such as a sense of " circle - ness " or " face- ness . "
Whether or not these particular senses exist , everyone agrees that a child is a " tabula raza " concerning any specific symbolic communication - any child could learn either Chinese or English or American Sign Language by the same inductive process of association of experiences ( including the experiences of internal feelings of circle - ness , beauty , guilt , sadness etc. ) .
Since language requires induction , one can safely say that all people start life as inductive thinkers .
Law courts , similarly , follow rules of " evidence " ( data ) and hypothesis .
Once evidence is admitted , it becomes the basis of fact that both the theories of the defense and the theories of the prosecution must attempt to explain .
A just judge never allows evidence to be thrown out or altered based on which theory he or she prefers .
12
Biblical theologians also typically attempt to argue in the same way .
The statements of the Bible itself form the " data " which cannot be altered , while theology provides the organizing theory , which can and does change .
This approach formed the basis of the Reformation - the Reformers insisted that theologians must submit their theories to the test of Scripture , rather than adjust the interpretation of Scripture to make it mean whatever the Church wanted it to mean .
Modern evangelical groups teach the " Inductive Bible Study " method .
James Sire of InterVarsity Press has written a wonderful book entitled Scripture Twisting , that shows the dangers of attempting to conform Biblical data to preconceived theories .
13 InterVarsity Christian Fellowship ( IFES ) and similar groups train Christians to read the Bible , then draw generalities based on what they have read , instead of " proof texting " their favorite ideas by taking verses out of context and thus , changing their meaning .
Theology , in this approach , can progress for individuals and churches , even while the words of Scripture remain venerated and unchangeable .
There are two basic philosophical objections to
[ the inductive model of knowledge ] .
The first objection
questions the sharp distinction between data and theory ....
Second , no theory can have the status of absolute certainty .
Why do people reject this inductive model of knowledge ?
There are two basic philosophical objections to this model .
The first objection questions the sharp distinction between data and theory .
Suppose a scientist writes down the readings of a meter that he thinks show the positions of electrons .
He does this to test a theory about electron motion .
Yet in testing that theory , he relies on another theory , which is that the meter faithfully records the positions of the particles .
If he obtains a contradiction , he may drop the theory of electron motion , or he may question the theory that his meter is reliable .
If he has a great deal of confidence in his meter , he will favor dropping the tested theory , but he can never absolutely rule out that his meter errs .
Therefore , the distinction between " data " and " theory " is better represented as a distinction between " little theories " and " big theories , " i.e. , theories that have limited scope and a high degree of confidence , and theories that have much greater scope , encompassing other , more limited theories , which require much more comprehensive testing to gain a high level of confidence .
Second , no theory can have the status of absolute certainty .
No matter how many confirming data exist , the possibility always remains that new data will come along which contradict the theory .
Popper14 is not consistent when he says that a single contradictory datum can overturn a theory , since that would require absolute confidence in the theory that the new datum is interpreted correctly .
New contradictory data , however , can significantly weaken a previously strong theory .
Are there no theories , i.e. , general statements about experience , which we can know with absolute certainty ?
The problem is compounded when we turn the inductive method upon itself .
Since the inductive method is a theory of knowledge , what makes us believe it is a correct theory ?
By its own terms , we can not be absolutely sure that it is true !
This is Hume 's15 celebrated " problem of induction . "
With only theories , then , and none of them absolutely certain , it seems that the scientific method , or inductive method , if generalized to cover all knowledge , leads us to float in uncertainty .
We know nothing with absolute certainty , according to this model .
We seem to have no starting point , no absolute , for arguing in favor of inductive knowledge .
How can we escape the sense of anxiety , the feeling of floating at sea , that arises at this prospect ?
We seem to have no starting point , no absolute , for arguing in
favor of inductive knowledge .
How can we escape the sense of
anxiety , the feeling of floating at sea , that arises at this prospect ?
This problem faced the philosophers of the 17th century , and Rene Descartes 16 seemed to find the way out .
One can not underestimate the impact of Descartes .
As Hegel said ,
Only now do we arrive at the philosophy of the modern world , and we begin it with Descartes .
With him , we enter into an independent philosophy which knows that it is the independent product of reason , and that consciousness , the moment of self consciousness , is an essential moment of truth .
Here , we may say , we are at home ; here , like the sailor at the end of his long voyage on the stormy seas , we may cry " Land !... "
In this new period the principle is thinking , thinking proceeding from itself .17
The apparent bedrock provided by Descartes is the absolute certainty that seems to belong to certain statements .
Starting with this kind of statement as an absolute assumption , every logical deduction that follows has the same absolute certainty .
Absolute certainty ... seems to belong to certain statements .
Starting with this kind of statement as an absolute assumption ,
every logical deduction that follows has the same absolute certainty .
This framework of Descartes , which has its roots in Aristotle and Aquinas , I will call the " mathematico - logical " model of knowledge .
In this view , a distinction is made between " assumptions " and " deductions . "
Assumptions are propositions taken as absolutely true .
Deductions are all of the propositions that can be deduced from the assumptions by the rules of logic .
If the assumptions are absolutely certain , then the deductions are also absolutely certain , because the rules of logic essentially provide only a way of saying the same things in different words , without contradicting oneself .
All such absolutely certain knowledge is " a priori " knowledge , in Kant 's terms 18 - not open to question based on experience .
The important truth content , then , lies entirely in the assumptions .
Many philosophers , however , have become enamored with the process of deduction because it can produce very surprising results - it may take years to discover all of the implications of even a few , very simple assumptions .
The fact that these deductions have the same absolute certainty as the initial assumptions gives the impression that these results are a higher kind of knowledge than empirical knowledge .
Nevertheless , they are merely restatements , no matter how complex .
The question remains of where to get the absolutely certain assumptions required by this model .
Descartes felt that the requisite absolutes could be provided by the set of apparently self - evident , non-contradictable statements .
This set is small , containing such statements as " Nothing can not exist , " or " I think therefore I am . "
More recently , the evangelical theologians R.C. Sproul , J. Gerstner , and A. Lindsley have also argued in favor of limiting the set of absolutes to these self - evident statements .
19
[ " Self - evident " logic ] quickly runs out of steam when one
attempts to find answers to important questions like the nature of God
and the basis of right and wrong
While scholars have deduced many powerful conclusions from apparently self - evident propositions , for example , Aquinas ' proof of the existence of an absolute , which we can call " God , " reiterated by Sproul , Gerstner , and Lindsley , this approach quickly runs out of steam when one attempts to find answers to important questions like the nature of God and the basis of right and wrong .
Immanuel Kant overthrew all of Aquinas 's20 proofs for the existence of God , essentially because all of the axioms they invoke require knowledge of some sense experience , and therefore probabilistic reasoning , i.e. , induction .
21 Yet Kant , a Christian , needed a basis for morality .
He tried heroically to found a moral philosophy purely on self - evident concepts , 22 arriving at the " universal " concept of " duty , " but his efforts have remained unconvincing to most .
Others arguing from " self evident " principles have deduced different ethics , such as Ayn Rand 's " deduction " of individual selfishness23 as the absolute of morality .
Rather than accepting the limitations of an approach based only on the small set of noncontradictable propositions , the Cartesian rationalist inevitably supplements the set of absolutes with some unprovable assumption to reach the values he or she wants .
24
Existentialism , in particular as defined by Nietzsche and Heidegger , 25 but with roots in Kierkegaard , 26 overcomes the hypocrisy of " self evident " rationalism by directly affirming that the set of absolutes must be supplemented by unprovable axioms .
In this school , the Free Man can generate absolutes by the exercise of choice , or a Kierke - gaardian " leap . "
This exercise of arbitrary choice represents the highest quality of people .
Of course , one person 's absolutes may contradict another 's , so that they cannot be considered absolute in the sense of being universal .
Instead , each person works within a unique logical system defined by his or her chosen axioms .
These axioms act as absolutes because the individual does not doubt them after that .
The philosophy of science of Kuhn , 27 which dominates modern philosophy of science , is essentially existentialism as applied to science .
Science consists in his model mainly of " problem solving , " i.e. , deduction , based on " paradigms , " which are axioms made by existential choice that then act as absolutes until a " revolution " occurs which supplies a new paradigm via a new existential choice .
Modern science is not superior to that of Aristotle ; modern scientists have simply made different existential choices of value in judging science .
Polanyi's approach to science28 is similar , insisting that in a big universe , the scientist cannot randomly collect data , but must choose the interesting places to look based on definitions of value .
Only existential choices provide these .
Following the work of Kuhn and Polanyi , some in recent years have created a false unity of science and religion by stripping science of that same claim to objectivity that others stripped from Christianity in the last century .
The new unity allows us to believe what we choose to believe about either science or religion .
This is not the kind of unity I have proposed4 - I propose that theories be approved or rejected based on evidence in both spheres .
[ Kuhn says that ] modern science is not superior to
that of Aristotle ; modern scientists have simply made
different existential choices of value in judging science .
In orthodox Christian circles , existentialism has a close parallel in presuppositionalism , founded by Cornelius van Til29 and more recently advanced by Gordon Clark.30
In this framework , unprovable absolute axioms are seen as necessary , just as in existentialism .
31
The Calvinist presuppositionalist does not see these as arising from arbitrary choices , however , but as implanted directly in the spirit by God .
Nevertheless , the presuppositionalist sees these axioms as essentially irrational ( or " non-rational " ) 32 in nature .
The Arminian , or " Free Will , " presuppositionalist has a closer relationship to existentialism in affirming the power of choice as mankind 's highest quality .
33
In this view the axioms of Christianity are seen as universal , but essentially unknowable and unprovable , until a person chooses to believe them .
Existentialism seems to affirm the value of the individual
but has left many empty ...
Existentialism seems to affirm the value of the individual but has left many empty because they seek a universal absolute , or truth about objective reality , not merely a subjective personal absolute .
It also has served as a justification for all kinds of systems that seem intrinsically evil , for example , Hitler 's use of Nietzsche 's Superman , because it denies a universal morality .
In the U.S. , the conflict of personal absolutes has led to a new kind of power conflict of values , documented in books such as The Closing of the American Mind34 and Illiberal Education.35
Existentialism also has no answer to mysticism , which has blossomed in modern Western society .
Having rejected non-axiomatic knowledge as uncertain and embraced perfectly certain knowledge by irrational leap , the existentialist has a hard time justifying the need to feel constrained by facts and logic any time - even the concepts of the reliability of the senses and the need for logical deduction become mere choices of value .
A person who does not make these assumptions can simply believe anything he or she wants , even if confronted by direct evidence or logic to the contrary .
The mystic , therefore , consciously chooses to forego logic and allow contradictions - all knowledge is equivalent to the choice axioms of the existentialists , with deduction following only when one chooses .
Comparison of claims of truth is impossible ; each person remains sealed off in a subjective world alone .
Modern religion and philosophy of science seem to have painted themselves into the corner of saying that anyone can choose to believe anything , and there is nothing we can do about it .
Calvinist presuppositionalists may substitute an act of God for free choice , but they still allow that the non-Christian has just as much logical consistency following pagan assumptions as the Christian has following the Bible .
" Convincing " people to change their minds about fundamental beliefs seems all but dead in Western society .
This conundrum stems from the attempt to define all knowledge within the " mathematico - logical " model of knowledge using assumption and deduction in the tradition of Aristotle , Aquinas , and Descartes .
While recognizing many weaknesses of other systems , no one in the mathematico - logical school , in which I include Cartesian rationalists , existentialists , and presuppositionalists , ever seems to question directly the validity of Descartes 's model of absolute certainty based on axiomatic reasoning .
Even some mystics use a highly sophisticated Cartesian logic to validate their approach .
On the other side lies the inductive approach following the scientific method , outlined above , which relies on the senses and allows no absolute certainty , often going under the names of empiricism and positivism .
This model is often associated with the famous Scottish anti-Christian , David Hume15 and the atheists Mach and Wittgenstein;36 in this century Reichenbach37 has advanced this school without anti-Christian rhetoric .
Christians associated with this approach , usually called " evidentialism " in Christian circles,38 include C.S. Lewis, 5 John Warwick Montgomery , 39 Josh McDowell , 6 and Francis Schaeffer.40
In thinking about the problem of the absolute , the first thing one must realize is that it is only a problem for the mathematico - logical school .
In other words , it is a problem imposed on the inductive school by the mathematico - logical school .
If the deductivist asks , " How can you be absolutely sure that evidentialism is correct ? " the evidentialist must answer , " I am not and that does n't bother me .
Absolute certainty has no meaning within my world view .
I can only say that I am very sure . "
Few evidentialists have had the courage to speak this way , however .
Most have unwittingly capitulated to the mathematico - logical school in trying to produce some absolutely certain argument for evidentialism .
By its very nature , inductivism cannot produce absolute proof of inductivism .
It can merely show self - consistency by showing strong evidence of the validity of inductivism .
Deductivists will say that showing that inductivism is self - consistent does not disprove any other epistemological system , since every axiomatic system also can show self - consistency based on its own assumptions .
The inductivist has an advantage , however , since all people start out thinking inductively .
To force a change , the deductivist must show inconsistency starting only with the rules of the inductivist system .
Can We Be Absolutely Sure of Anything ?
Let me affirm that perfect certainty is impossible .
The concept of perfect certainty is absurd , even within the mathematico - logical model .
Consider the statement , " I am perfectly sure . "
Who am I ?
Am I sure who " I " am ?
An electron microscope will show that I do not end sharply ; my skin fades away .
Do " I " include all the shed skin of past years ?
Memories that I have forgotten ?
If " I " am not perfectly defined , my certainty cannot have a certain definition .
The absolute certainty of an apparently non-contradictable statement like " I think therefore I am " disappears when we realize that " I " and " think " can not be perfectly defined .
Since every proposition is formed from the words of a language , which come from mapping a broad set of sense experiences to a much smaller set of sense experiences ( for example , all my experiences of myself are mapped to the sound of the word " I " ) , no proposition can have absolute certainty about its meaning in the reverse mapping process , i.e. , about reality .
Language , so essential for thought , automatically rules out exactness .
Aquinas believed that his proofs of the existence of God were self - evident , but others later showed that the words he used , like " time " and " cause , " had origins in sense experience .
One can do the same with any so - called self - evident proposition .
Having ruled out perfect certainty , however , do we then condemn ourselves to a world of questions with no answers ?
We have all known sophomore college students who lost all sense of direction after exposure to philosophy that called into question the certainty of everything .
There is no need for this .
On the contrary , certainty is possible even where " perfect " certainty is not .
To claim otherwise is foolishness .
Many scientific propositions exist which are not " perfectly " certain ,
yet are very certain , to such a degree that to doubt them would be foolish .
It seems that philosophers and theologians often have great difficulty with the ideas of probability and uncertainty that working scientists do not have .
For many students of philosophy , only two possibilities exist , either perfect certainty or uncertainty .
For scientists , a whole spectrum of degrees of certainty exists , with perfect certainty and complete ignorance as the two ends of the scale .
An exact number is viewed as meaningless by scientists ; every number purported to deal with reality must have an associated value of " uncertainty " which reflects the accuracy of the measurements , the number of " significant " digits in the calculation , etc .
We can become certain of religious propositions
in the same way in Christianity as in science :
through laws of evidence and experience .
Many scientific propositions exist which are not " perfectly " certain , yet are very certain , to such a degree that to doubt them would be foolish .
For instance , according to microscopic gas laws the remote possibility exists that all of the air molecules in the room you occupy may suddenly stack up along one side of the room , causing you to suffocate .
This should not be cause for concern , however - the entire history of the world is not enough time for such an event to become probable , even to occur once .
Scientists and statisticians define the probability of some chance , possible events as " insignificant . "
To all intents and purposes , such an event is " certainly impossible . "
A slight possibility exists , for example , that a person jumping out of an airplane without a parachute will not die .
Few philosophy professors , however , would consider the outcome uncertain enough to warrant a test !
41
Room therefore exists for talking of certainty even in an epistemological model that excludes " perfect " certainty .
Of course , we can not be certain about everything ; we are ignorant of many things .
We can be very sure about some things , however .
Rather than talking about perfect certainty , we can talk about being " sure enough " - sure enough to act upon a proposition .
An engineer who has designed a bridge may not be " perfectly " certain that it will not collapse but certain enough to walk on it ; the man who sold all he had to buy a pearl , in Jesus 's picture of faith , may not have known " perfectly " that the pearl was not fake , yet had enough confidence to take this dramatic action .
I emphasize that we can become certain of religious propositions in the same way in Christianity as in science : through laws of evidence and experience .
Science and Christianity share a unified epistemology .
This may seem quite surprising to many people , including many Christians .
What about questions of value and meaning , as discussed by Polanyi ?
I return to the question of value below .
This question of sureness is a watershed issue .
Although many epistemological frameworks exist , all epistemologies must belong to either one category or the other , inductive or deductive .
We must answer the question , are all propositional statements of language open to question and revision based on experience , or are some " protected " as unquestioned axioms ?
What Does the Bible Say ?
I have argued that the approach to knowledge in the Bible is the same as that of the scientific method .
This even includes faith in the promises of God Himself .
If this is so , then does not faith in God have the same vulnerabilities as scientific theory , in particular the absence of perfect certainty ?
At this point , let me turn to the Bible , the source book for Christians .
What picture does the Bible give of knowledge ?
Does the Bible tell us to find the perfect certainty of the mathematico - logical model ?
Ever since Kierkegaard defined faith as an irrational , or extra-rational , " leap " into a new set of perfectly certain assumptions , many philosophers have taken this without question as the proper definition of faith , and the hallmark of religion .
Many modern evangelicals speak like this also .
The Bible simply does not talk about faith this way , however .
First , faith in the Bible is very often portrayed as coming about due to convincing .
The picture is given of " reasons " 42 that could be " examined , " 43 with people being " persuaded " 44 and " convinced " 45 timony , " 48 and " signs . "
49
These terms suggest a weighing of evidence , not an irrational leap .
In the New Testament the evidence centers on the works of Christ , in the Old Testament believers were reminded of the testimony of the signs , or evidences , of God 's work in the Exodus.50
Second , faith in the Bible is spoken of as a quantity that people can have more or less of - there are degrees of certainty .
Jesus called people 's faith " great " 51 or " little . "
52
The apostles talked of faith as something that could " increase " 53 and " grow .
" 54 People could become " more certain .
" 55 If faith means absolute certainty , how could it become greater ?
" Doubt , " or wavering in faith , is frequently spoken of .
56
In pragmatic terms , Christians do doubt .
Should we tell them that they have no faith at all ; that they are not Christians if they are not perfectly sure ?
Or should we tell them that they are not really doubting after all ?
57
A leap of sorts is enjoined in the Bible in relationship to faith .
This is the leap of obedience .
No matter how great the evidence for a theory , one cannot be absolutely sure that its predictions will come true before an experiment is made .
In the great chapter of faith , Hebrews 11 , each person without exception is commended for what he or she did based on faith .
What is " unseen " in each case is the future , while the past actions of God provide the basis of faith .
A person watching mountain climbers may be convinced that the rope is secure , but if asked to hang from the same rope himself , he may irrationally refuse to make the leap .
Action requires a work of the will besides mental knowledge .
Of course , obedient action can increase faith .
Just as in scientific theories , certainty increases when tests of experience have been made .
The Bible in no way endorses mysticism .
Certain passages have been interpreted as self - contradictory , such as John 's " I am not writing you a new command , I am writing you a new command .
"
58 In such passages , different senses of the same word are used for emphasis ; a direct irrational self - contradiction is not intended , as is clear from the context .
The Bible is a book that talks of truth and falsehood , light and darkness - " Mystery " is the name of the harlot of Babylon .59
" Being convinced " is essentially passive , requiring neither mystical nor existential choice .
Some may say , with Aquinas , " Where then is the merit of faith ?
" 20 If we are simply passively convinced of something by strong evidence , what virtue is there in that ?
The Bible answers that there is none - faith is a work done in us by God , out of grace , 60 not a work we do to save ourselves .
Can an Epistemology be Free of Presuppositions ?
To show the lack of consistency of evidentialism , the deductivist argues that the evidentialist must make some absolute , unquestioned assumption to evaluate evidence , i.e. , to define knowledge .
Above , I said that the fact that children learn inductively puts the burden of proof on the deductivist .
The deductivist objects that this is beside the point .
That they do so ( if we agree on the evidence that they do ) only implies that they have implicitly made an axiomatic presupposition in favor of inductivism .
What could that mean ?
If we define a " presupposition " as a propositional statement of language , then clearly knowledge precedes any presupposition , since sensory experience , which we must call knowledge , precedes and forms the foundation of language .
61 As Augustine said ,
For who cannot see that thinking is prior to believing ?
For no one believes anything unless he had first thought that it is to be believed .
62
Similarly , knowledge cannot require existential presuppositions made by choice .
Small children get knowledge before they form theoretical biases .
Knowledge must precede choice ; otherwise , there is nothing to choose .
Knowledge cannot require existential presuppositions made by choice .
On the other hand , if a presupposition can take the form of an unverbalized bias , which people who have language may later formulate in propositional form , then we can ask whether some such proposition must remain unquestioned by all evidentialists .
In particular , does not the evidentialist assume , first , that the senses are reliable , and second , that the more evidence of something makes it more certain ?
Here I must digress to clarify the distinction between " unifying theories " in the inductive approach and " unquestioned presuppositions " in the deductive method .
An unquestioned presupposition is a statement that we take as true with no possible doubt , an " axiom " in mathematical language .
A unifying theory is a way of organizing many facts of experience into a single fact .
We typically talk of such unifying theories as foundational , or as fundamental , or as first principles , because once they are learned , then many other facts follow as deductions .
Such unifying theories are almost never learned first !
Fundamental theories of physics , for example , can be learned only after years of study .
Dreadful results occur when scholars attempt to teach foundational , general theories like axioms , before teaching the particulars of a field .
The fiasco of New Math occurred when educators decided to teach the basics of set theory to primary students because all math " follows " from set theory .
Even when students succeed in learning foundational theories first , they memorize them as irrelevancies .
A person can comprehend a unifying theory only after already comprehending some particulars , or specific applications , of the theory .
We think from particulars to generals , not vice versa .
Although we start with particulars , nevertheless we like general theories .
Unifying theories act as " keys " to knowledge for those who understand them , unlocking great mysteries .
In this way the " fear of the Lord " acts as a grand , unifying theory which one can properly call the " beginning of knowledge .
"
63
Once grasped , the fear of God puts all things in perspective so that believers often feel they knew nothing before , that they " walked in darkness . "
In the same way , the physicist who grasps the theory of special relativity may feel he or she previously knew nothing of motion , despite having driven a car for years .
Consider the difference between a unifying theory and an irrational assumption , however .
With both a unifying theory and an axiomatic assumption , a choice is made by the will to suppose something is true that is not known a priori to be true .
In the model of the scientific method , or inductive method , this is called " hypothesis . "
In each case , deductions are obtained from the assumption .
In the case of the scientific method , however , these deductions are compared to further experience , and contradictions with experience invalidate the assumed hypothesis or at least force a revision of it , while consistency with experience increases one 's level of faith in a theory .
Axiomatic assumptions of perfect certainty do not allow this .
Also , a hypothesis is built out of some set of other theories with smaller scope , in other words , particulars , or " data . "
An axiomatic assumption , in the mathematico - logical model , claims to build on nothing .
Unifying theories act as " keys " to knowledge for those who understand them ,
unlocking great mysteries .
Having clarified this distinction , then , I can affirm that evidentialists " assume " ( in the sense of positing a fundamental theory ) that the senses are reliable , etc .
Inductivism is a general , unifying theory .
An element of the irrational does exist when formulating a necessary hypothesis to create a general theory .
Yet belief in successful theories ( whether scientific or religious ) is not mere irrational value - choice , because certainty can be ascribed to them by tests of consistency .
The fact that deductivists exist proves that inductivists do not necessarily make inductivism an unquestioned presupposition !
As discussed above , all people start as inductivists .
Yet some become deductivists , precisely because they question the foundations of inductive thinking and become less sure that its primary assumptions meet tests of consistency .
The Certainty of the Senses
I have said that evidentialists " assume " as an imperfect theory that the senses are reliable and that more evidence of something makes it more certain .
Since these assumptions remain , in principle , open to question , the evidentialist does not violate self - consistency by making an axiomatic presupposition like the deductivist .
Before we pass over these assumptions too lightly as " not absolutely proven , " however , we would do well to think about what the opposite assumptions really mean .
First , to assume that the senses are not reliable does not mean merely that the knowledge gained from the senses is incomplete .
Every evidentialist recognizes that knowledge gained from the senses tells only part of the story ; therefore , the probabilistic approach to truth arises .
The opposite assumption is that none of the information from the senses is truly knowledge , that the senses ( alone ) tell us nothing .
The evidentialist says that the senses tell us something about reality ; those who reject this assumption say that they tell us nothing about reality .
How could the senses tell us nothing real ?
If we merely passively receive sensory inputs , we have at least knowledge of the emissions of some source .
One can postulate that Someone Out There deliberately presents us with information that is false our whole life long , so that every sensory experience gives a false view of reality .
In that case , we still have knowledge of how that Someone works .
Our reality is the world of that Someone 's deception .
As a matter of definition , we can call the senses " infallible , " as Jonathan Edwards64 did .
If " reality " is the total of our experience minus our memory and imagination , then the senses convey reality perfectly , since one can define the senses as the way we experience whatever it is we experience .
As Edwards argued , what we typically call our senses " deceiving us " comes from incomplete sense experience , not " wrong " experience .
Simply defining reality as whatever we experience , and the senses as the perfect conveyors of that , may bring scant comfort to many people , however .
What makes us expect that certain things will happen again ?
The question of the " reliability " of the senses , whether they tell me something " real , " has more to do with our expectation of repeatability than with the origin of what we sense .
Things that are not " real " can vanish ; deceptions can stop suddenly .
How do we know that things will not suddenly vanish into thin air ?
65
Of course we do not know with absolute certainty that things will never just vanish into thin air .
A nuclear bomb may go off tomorrow .
Indeed , Christians believe that the world will one day vanish , that " the sky will be rolled up like a scroll " in the return of Christ .
The inductive assumption ( for example , of Hume15 and Reichenbach37 ) , that more evidence gives more certainty , comes from a present - tense sense of expectation , or " sense of certainty , " we have that things we have experienced often will occur again .
Logic can take us no further .
Language comes from the same sense of expectation .
We learn a language by repeated association of one experience ( the " signed " ) with another experience ( the " symbol " ) .
There are many nonrepeated things in life , experiences that we must simply leave as open questions .
Finding a " meaning " consists of finding a language map , a definition , and definitions come only from repeated association .
A person who wishes to deny that repetition increases certainty must therefore call into question his or her own use of language .
If a person says , " You just assume that repetition increases certainty .
I do n't make that assumption , " then one can ask , " Why do you use the word `assumption ' ?
Why do n't you use the word `flibber ' instead ? "
The person uses that word because repeated usage has given that name in the English language to the referent .
The person does not switch randomly between the word " assumption " and the word " flibber " because he or she is certain that " assumption " is the " right " word .
This certainty comes only from repetition - there is no axiomatic " proof " of language definitions .
Science is merely language with finer distinctions
between phenomena than people ordinarily make - the coining
of new terms is indispensable for science .
Any language is tied to successful unifying theories .
A " theory " is any rule for grouping together certain diverse experiences in one category , under the same name , while ignoring other experiences as irrelevant and not needing names , which is precisely what language does .
Science is merely language with finer distinctions between phenomena than people ordinarily make - the coining of new terms is indispensable for science .
66 The converse also holds .
Anyone who would reject the scientific method must also reject all language .
Unless one believes that the English language descended from the heavens directly into his or her brain ( something like what Plato believed ) then one must see that language requires inductive thinking .
The Question of Ethics
One may concede that inductivism can provide a self - consistent basis for interpreting everyday experience , i.e. , that the scientific method works for science .
But for a complete world view , do we not need absolutes of right and wrong ?
How can a world view that has no perfectly certain propositions provide an ethic ?
The inductive / empirical approach to knowledge , as I have said , is often associated with Hume , who was vehemently anti-Christian .67
Because the Christian scholars of his day had largely embraced metaphysics based on speculation of abstract axioms , for this meant the rejection of religion per se .
As he says at the conclusion of his Enquiry ,
If we take in our hand any volume of divinity or school metaphysics , for instance , let us ask , does it contain any abstract reasoning concerning quantity or number ?
No .
Does it contain any experimental reasoning concerning matters of fact and existence ?
No .
Commit it then to the flames : for it can be nothing but sophistry and illusion !
15
Hume 's empiricism evolved into the positivism of Mach and Wittgenstein , so named because of Mach 's rejection of concepts of " value " and " meaning " as existential , nonmeasurable quantities and his insistence on " positive " experience .
Hume and Mach believed that knowledge that has no connection with experience is fantasy .
I concur .
Polanyi , however , showed that all science requires beliefs about " value " and " meaning . " 28 He is widely felt to have dealt scientific materialism and positivism a fatal blow .
In a big universe with many places to look , concepts of value and me aning define the interesting , or " good , " places for observations .
Random data collection with no purpose is not science .
Yet science that restricts itself to observation of nature cannot produce these concepts .
I concur with Polanyi on this point .
Where do value and meaning come from , then ?
Polanyi essentially saw these as arising from existential choice .
Does the Christian agree ?
Many Christians have
Ludwig Josef Johann
Wittgenstein
argued for a separation of scientific and religious epistemology on this basis , for example , Howard van Till .68
Science deals with ever - changing theories and data ; religion deals with absolute , unquestioned assumptions of value and meaning .
The Bible does not make such a distinction .
" Good " and " evil " in biblical terms have very concrete definitions .
" Good " is that which God loves and will reward , and " evil " is that which He hates and will punish .
The statement , " That is good , " in the Christian ethic , therefore , has the same nature as a statement like " Tomorrow it will rain . "
Each makes a claim about an as - yet - unobserved fact of the world of experience , in one case , regarding the judgments of the real God in the universe of time and space , and in the other case , regarding weather in the same universe .
We expect to observe both by means of the senses .
For the Bible - based Christian , then , ethics proceeds in the same way as science .
Rather than making deductions from prior assumptions about good and evil , the Christian attempts to answer questions such as " Did God really command that for me ? " by a process of theory - making and evidence .
Christians grow and change in their understanding of ethics , i.e. , in their " wisdom . "
Part of that process may even include questions about the validity of the inclusion of certain passages in the canon of the Bible .
It may also include ongoing evaluation of the validity of " internal " sensations of the commands of God , as universal " moral laws " or personal " leadings of the Spirit . "
The Christian attempts to answer questions such as
" Did God really command that for me ? "
by a process of theory - making and evidence .
In the post - Christian West , since belief in the revelation and universal judgment of God has ceased , morality cannot be defined in absolute , concrete terms .
We feel a need for universal morality , though , and therefore philosophers have attempted to construct universal norms .
Without a connection to universal consequences , however , any attempt at producing a universal morality must come down to arbitrary choices .
In practice , though , these choices are not arbitrary .
As Nietzsche argued , most people in society get their values from the " strong man " of that society .
For them , morality is concrete as for the Christian - people make evaluations , from experience , of the desires of the strong man , and the consequences of disobedience .
Each person obeys his or her own " god . "
The " free man " equals the man whose god is himself .
He has only two real choices : randomness , or following his natural animal lusts .
While he may dignify his choices with names like " the creation of beauty " the free man who has broken free of the societal strong man generally ends up turning to the second choice , carnal pleasure - witness the centrality of sex in contemporary art .
I conclude that all real choices of ethics arise from decisions made from analysis of experience - which is the god most to be feared : God , the local strong man , or the unfulfilled sexual desire ?
Of course , one must believe that the god exists , and has spoken .
A god who exists only as a construct , who never gives commands nor enforces them , has no relevance in the real world .
Christian ethics is then absolute in the sense that it involves ultimate and universal judgments , not in the sense that anyone is absolutely certain that any one proposition of ethics is absolutely certain or absolutely well understood in its implications .
In this way , historical Christianity is unique .
No other world view based on evidence and inductive reasoning can provide a satisfactory ethic .69 Scientific materialism , which a priori excludes data that could imply intervention by an ultimate God , cannot provide an ultimate ethic .
In principle , science could generate a universal ethic by demonstrating that all people have the same sense of " goodness " and " badness . "
While evidence for the existence of such " natural law " has important implications for apologetics , restricting ethics to such an approach breaks down for two reasons .
First , because of sin people will lie about what they perceive as good and bad .
C.S. Lewis 's statement5 that no one could imagine a country where people " bragged of running from battle " makes less sense after the Viet Nam war - many people did brag about running from battle .
C.S. Lewis might also have listed as unthinkable in his day a country where mothers marched in the streets for the right to kill their babies in the womb .
Second , such an approach does not show universal bad consequences of things perceived as " bad . "
There is no justice in this world .
Therefore , positivists like Mach could say that the perception of " badness " is no different from the perception of " redness " or " blueness , " i.e. , inconsequential .
The Bible , on the other hand , makes the claim that an omnipotent God has spoken intelligibly and unambiguously in space and time ( the world of science ) about the consequences of right and wrong for all people .
The late Francis Schaeffer , an influential Christian philosophical writer in the twentieth century , addressed this issue at length.70
In the twentieth century , the world of our experience and the world of religion have been made into two separate worlds .
" Religious truth " has no interaction with the data of experience , the realm of science .
Therefore , for many people the practice of religion has faded away .
Schaeffer coined the term " true truth " for the truth claims of Christianity , meaning that the truth of Christianity deals with the real world of our experience .
The stories in the Bible of Adam and Eve , Moses and Joshua , and Jesus and the Cross occurred in real , space - time points in our universe .
71
The Bible does not present its foundational stories as myth and allegory .
Characters have extensive genealogies , interact with other historical figures such as the kings of Babylon and Egypt , and live in places with geographic reference points .
The genealogical , historical , and geographic details in the Bible are specific to the point of becoming boring for some readers , but show without a doubt that the writers viewed the stories as occurring in the same world as ours .
Francis Schaeffer
Because the stories of the Bible occur in this world ,
no claim of the Bible can be completely divorced from a scientific implication .
Because the stories of the Bible occur in this world , no claim of the Bible can be completely divorced from a scientific implication .
Henry Morris of the controversial Institute for Creation Research properly emphasizes this point .
72
One may easily say that the purpose of the Bible is not to convey scientific data , but that cannot eliminate the grounding in reality that even statements of ethics have - if Moses never existed , for example , then one can hardly see the commands attributed to him as originating from the oracle of a real God .
Without that grounding in historical reality , ethics must come from nowhere - from the arbitrary choices of existentialism , or from the conflicting opinions of conscience mixed with self - interest .
The Question of Authority
This unity of religious values and science based on experience may seem especially strange in the context of biblical Christianity .
Does n't the Christian make the Bible an " absolute ? "
Science deals with repeatable , measurable events in the present and theories that make testable predictions , while the Bible records unreproducible , dogmatic stories from centuries ago .
How can the two compare ?
Such an antithesis indicates an improper understanding of the role of authority in science .
No scientist , no person , has any hope of directly testing through experience even a fraction of the truth claims presented in life .
How many scientists , for example , can hope to directly observe the W - boson that led to a Nobel prize for those who claimed to see it , which required a multibillion - dollar particle collider for its observation ?
As young children , we learn to evaluate secondhand information from the claims of messengers , or " authorities . "
While a child may start by simply believing everything the authorities say , the problem will come , as it did for Europe in the 1200's , when authorities contradict each other .
Then a person must develop theories of which authorities to believe , based on experience .
This process involves experience with the person who claims authority .
What is the likelihood that this person will bring false information , either maliciously or by error ?
History , as a science , deals with exactly this question , as do law and journalism .
The complete rejection of authority , an immature alternate response , leads to an extreme narrowing of knowledge .73
Does science based on authorities allow for tests of predictive theories ?
Any historian will affirm this .
First , one can predict that other reliable authorities will concur , if they are found .
Second , one can predict that details that remain available for observation ( for example , archeology ) will give corroboration .
The Bible comes to us as a purported authority about things that have occurred in the world of experience .
We have every right to expect , then , that the Bible will meet normal tests of historical validity .
What about the concept of inerrancy ?
This belief , that the Bible , since it comes from God , never errs in any proposition it affirms , raises the Bible to a higher level than mere historical authority .
As Sproul74 and Hackett75 have argued , the Christian need not come to believe in the inerrancy of the Bible by a leap of faith .
Starting with the Bible as a historically valid authority , a person can come to faith in Christ and then evaluate Christ 's statements about the Bible contained in itself , in a " bootstrap " process .
Some Christians do come to the Bible by irrational leap , as the Mormons come to their books .
They have no argument against Mormonism or any other cult , as a result .
Evidentialist epistemology allows comparison of religious truth claims based on evidence .
The Bible comes to us as a purported authority about things
that have occurred in the world of experience .
Perhaps no issue brings this dogma / science dichotomy into focus better than the question of miracles .
If I embrace something like Hume 's definition of probability of truth based on prior experience , how can I then believe in miracles , in particular , the miracles of the Bible ?
Hume ruled out miracles based on this approach , since if we have never seen a miracle , the probability of one occurring , according to laws of induction , must approach zero .
To address this , I must first formulate the proper definition of a " miracle . "
Some atheists have accused Christians of a very silly kind of self - contradiction : defining a miracle as " something impossible , " they see Christians as believing that something impossible is possible .
Clearly , Christians would define a miracle as something possible , not something impossible !
We also cannot embrace the popular definition of miracles as " things that happen all around us . "
To do that reduces the idea of a miracle to merely something that is good , but otherwise indistinguishable from other things .
As presented in the Bible , a miracle is a mighty act of God , which He does to accredit a messenger or to glorify His name .
I have argued that a person may come to a belief in God inductively , based on evidence .
Given a belief in God , no one should find it hard to believe that God has the power to do miracles in the universe
He created , including speaking words to individuals and even stopping history to judge the world .
Since we find records of miracles in the Bible , we would have reason to disbelieve these only if we have a philosophical bias against miracles , since the Bible is otherwise reliable history .
The fact that we do not see miracles of the same kind now does not provide evidence against the biblical miracles .
The Bible itself indicates that miracles occur rarely and dramatically , not randomly and frequently .
[ The concept of inerrancy ] , that the Bible ,
since it comes from God , never errs in any proposition it affirms ,
raises the Bible to a higher level than mere historical authority .
Note that the Christian ascribes certainty to the existence of God , from this belief deduces that miracles are possible , and then sees historical evidence for such .
If one tried to establish the occurrence of miracles apart from the existence of God , in other words , to prove the existence of God entirely from miracles , as some would like to do these days , then such a proof must surely fail Hume 's test of experience .
Despite many claims of modern - day miracles , the number of these in which the hand of God is undeniably present is very small .
Many who have relied on the miracles alone as evidence of God 's presence have either needed to become extremely gullible or else have lost their faith , as documented by Philip Yancy in his book , Disappointment with God.76
A miracle violates the standard " law " of nature .
Yet no modern philosopher , Christian or non-Christian , accepts the 19th century view of physical laws as inviolable laws or even as causative agents .
The presently expressed " laws " of nature are nothing more than inductive theories of varying certainty and levels of approximation of the observed behavior of nature , what the Christian would call the " normal " behavior of God .
The distinction between miracle and law is the same as that between special and general revelation - God makes Himself known partly by things that occur regularly , and partly through things that occur rarely .
Because miracles accredit the messenger who claims to bring God 's word and will , the stories of miracles are inseparable from the message of the Bible .
In the 18th century , many philosophers tried to deduce everything important in religion from scratch , without need for reference to the Bible .
In doing so , they hoped to prove the validity of the Bible , but they undermined the " specialness " of the Bible and any hope for generating an ethic within an inductive approach .
I have maintained that both ethics and science can arise from an evidential approach to experience .
Yet as I argued above , this does not mean that one could generate all knowledge from science and the study of nature , without input from the revelation of God , as though the Bible were merely some superfluous supplement to science .
The Bible offers not only a general theory about the universe , but also " news , " in the terminology of Walker Percy , 77 or " revelation , " which can not be deduced independently .
Like other news , it comes to us via " authorities " which we can judge .
That news is largely the story of the unique , miraculous interventions by God that convey to us His personality and will for us .
Far from bypassing the Bible , I maintain that belief in the miracles of the Bible can be reached through inductive thought , and this in turn provides the basis for ethics .
The Question of Sin
So far , I have argued that evidentialist epistemology is self - consistent , in that it does not require unquestioned irrational axioms either for science or for ethical values , when the evidence for miraculous communication from God is allowed as input for ethics .
Does the evidence force us to conclusions , though ?
What about the existence of sin and its effect on our reason ?
Cornelius van Til31 the founder of presuppositionalism , affirmed that all young children have from birth the presuppositions necessary for knowledge .
He did not see these as propositional in nature , but as the ability to " see " God in the world , what I would call an inductive outlook .
He insisted , however , that later rejection of God entails a voluntary choice of antitheistic assumptions to replace these inborn presuppositions , to blind oneself to the evidence of God .
The non-Christian must indeed make irrational assumptions to rule out the testimony of God that the Bible says appears in nature .
78 Christian belief therefore requires a change of presuppositions again .
I agree that sin leads us to make , by an act of the will , " unquestioned axioms " which preclude knowledge of God or which excuse our sinful behavior .
While we all start thinking inductively , reality often becomes too painful and we simply choose to disbelieve certain experiences .
The pain of facing our own sin is one of the most powerful reasons for this kind of " denial .
"
79 The Holy Spirit must break down our barriers and lead us to question those unquestioned assumptions in order for us to come to know God and interpret the world correctly .
I agree that sin leads us to make ,
by an act of the will ,
" unquestioned axioms " which preclude
knowledge of God or which excuse our sinful behavior .
The question remains , however , how large a set of assumptions must change for someone to begin to have knowledge of God , and therefore , in the presuppositionalist view , to have understanding of anything .
Must we begin by presupposing that the entire Bible is true ?
Such a notion implies that no one but Christians with a proper concept of biblical infallibility can know God .
One deviation from proper doctrine and a person becomes a heretic , an unbeliever , and knows " nothing . "
Or must we presuppose merely the existence of God ?
If so , then a God with what characteristics ?
The God of the Bible ?
Or a stripped - down God with only a few philosophical attributes such as eternity ?
The proper definition of God is so difficult that to talk of presupposing God before knowing anything is bizarre .
Christians commonly talk of their knowledge of God growing year after year for their whole lives .
I do not see the work of the Holy Spirit as the mere replacement of one set of unquestioned , irrational axioms with another set of unquestioned , equally irrational axioms .
The Holy Spirit convicts us of our sinfulness and leads us to call into question all assumptions we have made , especially those assumptions we have made to excuse our sin .
A proper recognition of the possible effects of sin on human reason demands that a person not insist on absolute certainty of any proposition , including theological ones .
Yet as discussed above , this does not mean that we must abandon ourselves to the wishy - washiness of liberal religion , never certain of anything and never offending anyone .
The Holy Spirit also demands that we act on the truth when we know it .
We can be " very sure " of some things , and we must not retreat when we are " sure " that God has called us to action .
The Holy Spirit must therefore primarily open us to evidence that overturns our false presuppositions and supports Christian ones .
I can testify from my own evangelistic experience that this openness is sufficient for conversion .
When I see a person truly open to new ideas , questioning his or her own assumptions , weighing evidence , and asking questions , I expect that it is only a matter of time before that person will become a Christian .
A Christian and a non-Christian who are both committed to such an honest approach to the evidence of experience can have dialogue and attempt to persuade each other of their viewpoints , without a call to simply " change presuppositions by faith . "
As Francis Schaeffer often said , " Honest questions deserve honest answers . "
Many philosophers have gotten caught up in the effect of unifying theories ( what some call " presuppositions " ) on basic knowledge .
Belief in a certain theory changes the " meaning " of many experiences .
For example , a person may look every night at the stars and simply think of them as " a bunch of stars . "
If a person believes in astrology , however , a sign in the heavens like a comet may mean something important , while if a person understands modern astrophysics , it may mean something different .
But though certain beliefs may affect the meaning of certain experiences , leading one to see them as either supporting or contradictory evidence for some theory , elimination of the theory does not eliminate these experiences as knowledge !
Experiences that make up part of the " background " of life , such as the stars , can remain in the memory .
Therefore as certain theories become less certain , one can critically evaluate new theories based on experience , without first adopting those theories .
The non-Christian can be convinced to become a Christian .
I am one example .
The Holy Spirit convicts us of our sinfulness and
leads us to call into question all assumptions we have made ,
especially those assumptions we have made to excuse our sin .
Both presuppositionalists and I would say that people come to a mature belief in God when they " assume " that God exists and start to make deductions based on this belief .
It takes the Holy Spirit to cause this world view change .
Basic , underlying assumptions , which they call presuppositions and I would call unifying theories , alter the way we see everything .
I differ with presuppositionalists in saying , first , that the path up to this change of world view , or new assumption , is continuous , not disjoint with the past .
No matter how fast the process may occur , a person moves to a new world view only out of dissatisfaction with the previous world view .
This dissatisfaction occurs on the basis of unsatisfactory experience , evaluated as evidence .
Second , I maintain that within the world view of Christianity , tests of consistency and falsification still occur .
" Certainty " of one 's faith , and consequently one 's ability to act consistently , increases or decreases based on these ongoing tests .
Very few people come to God initially because of a scientific or historical argument .
The first " evidence " of God comes from our heart feelings in response to the world around us ( for example , guilt and beauty . )
I share a common perspective with most presuppositionalists in their valuing of this " internal " knowledge of God , which I call internal evidence and see as falsely placed opposing external evidence .
It is a false dichotomy to sharply separate " feelings " and " senses , " since feelings are sensed by the body just like sounds .
The atheist inevitably must seek to explain feelings of God 's presence as mere illusions .
Here , the Christian apologist must respond in kind - a complex argument deserves a complex response .
To refuse to meet the atheist 's argument , merely " presupposing " God , weakens faith .
Far too many Christians are effectively neutralized by some non-Christian intellectual argument , taking refuge in presupposing God but never again able to evangelize with the confidence they once had .
Who Gets the Upper Hand ?
It should be clear by now that an epistemology that allows science and Christianity to discuss the same things must therefore allow the possibility of conflicting claims .
This is an uncomfortable proposition for many Christians .
The same is true for any theoretical scientist who faces the prospect of an experiment made to test his theory .
Yet a theory that is falsifiable , in other words , which makes predictions that can be tested , has the possibility for a confidence level much higher than an unverifiable theory , if its predictions hold true .
Unfalsifiable theories are parlor games , and so every good scientist seeks to find ways in which his theories can be tested .
By constructing epistemologies that do not allow any experience to conflict with Christianity , some have felt that they could protect Christian belief .
On the contrary , such attempts undermine Christian belief by making it irrelevant .
On the other hand , some have allowed contradiction between the claims of science and Christianity , but have fallen into one of two camps that award all the victories to one side .
On one side are the " liberals " who change the teachings of Christianity yearly as new scholarly theories come up in the world .
On the other side are the " fundamentalists " who feel free to throw out any scientific data that contradict cherished doctrines .
Both ignore the scientific method , or inductive method , which distinguishes between theory and data , or rather , between theories of greater and lesser scope and consequent uncertainty .
Christian doctrines represent " theories " of interpretation of the biblical " data . "
Therefore in assessing a contradiction between a Christian doctrine and a scientific theory , the Christian must not only ask if the scientific theory follows from the data , but also whether the doctrine follows from a proper exegesis of Scripture .
The proper exegesis of Scripture involves the sciences of linguistic study and history ; even defining exactly what passages belong to the canon of the words of God is a science .
Science for the Christian must always be interpreted within
the framework of the unifying theory of the Christian world view .
I have said that belief in the Bible ultimately derives from sense experience interpreted inductively , i.e. , by the scientific method .
Some may object that this makes science judge over Scripture .
In one sense , I can say , " Of course it does . "
A gross and outrageous disagreement with experience weakens any religious truth claim .
In another sense , I can say , " Of course it does not . "
It does not make the pronouncements , for exampleof non-Christian scientists more authoritative than those of Christian experts in exegesis .
Science for the Christian must always be interpreted within the framework of the unifying theory of the Christian world view .
Here presuppositionalists have made their greatest contribution .
The Christian position is that " general revelation , " the communication of God available to everyone in nature , and " special revelation , " communication directed only to a few prophets , cannot contradict , since the same God generated each .
Nevertheless , at any point in time , each Christian , and for that matter every person , carries some degree of internal " tension " due to contradictions between the theories he or she holds .
While the mystic embraces contradictions , the Christian must have a constant goal of eliminating contradictions in the pursuit of Truth .
This can occur either by the gaining of new information or through reformulation of exegetical or scientific theories .
This basic faith in the truth of Christianity does not imply irrationality , however .
Like the scientist who continues to believe in the conservation of energy despite data apparently contradicting it , the Christian can have a deep , underlying knowledge of the basic consistency of Christianity , which prevents " blowing with every wave " of apparently contradictory data .
I would love to say that I do not see any contradictions between Christianity and science , or internal to either system .
On the contrary , I see many apparent contradictions between the two and within each , but I do not see any of these as so damning , in the light of the overwhelming supporting evidence , that either system must come crashing down .
I daily seek to increase my understanding and revise improper presuppositions .
No one gets the " final word , " then .
Certain scientific theories are " very certain , " and so are certain doctrines of Christian theology .
Other aspects of science and theology seem to demand revision .
Neither is free to operate independently of the other .
Conclusion
I have not presented here an apologetic for Christianity .
Instead , I have attempted to establish apologetics based on evidence as valid from an epistemological standpoint .
My argument has been as follows :
(1) The absolute certainty of deduction from axioms is illusory .
Apparently self - evident , noncontradictable propositions always end up open to doubt after all , or else as meaningless tautologies , because they all must be formed from words of a language , and all language comes from a vague organization of prior sense experiences .
Systems like existentialism , which create absolute axioms , provide no certainty for the validity of their original axiom of choice .
( 2 ) Certainty is possible via induction , although " perfect " certainty is not .
This sense of increasing certainty with increasing evidence comes from the way we are " programmed " at birth , from the form of language itself .
It is possible to doubt the validity of this preprogramming , ( evidentialists do not need to invoke an absolute first axiom ) but only at the expense of doubting the existence of language itself .
( 3 ) God speaks to us in this fashion , via propositions in human language with inexact meaning and imperfect justification , but with adequate certainty to demand action .
This message comes through the special miracles of revelation that have occurred in the real world of our experience .
Although we have an " internal witness " to God 's existence and commands in our heart feelings , these alone , without the propositional revelation of the Bible , do not suffice for us to build an ethic or a relationship with God , because of the mind - dulling effects of sin .
4 ) These propositions and commands form the basis of our most fundamental assumptions about all of life , including our ethics , which in turn provide the basis for science .
Our certainty in them , i.e. , our ability to act on them , comes as we see the validity of their origin and implications in terms of the normal tests we make of truth claims .
Too often I have heard evidential approaches to apologetics characterized as compromises successful for the masses but philosophically invalid .
Some apologists have not adequately addressed the issue of epistemology , but this does not invalidate their approach .
Quite the opposite , I affirm the evidential apologetic as the only valid apologetic .
To call a person to " choose " faith without adequate reason is to invite commitment to folly because of the charisma of the evangelist ; to wait for God to " zap " someone into the proper presuppositions , for example , when the magic incantation of Scripture is read , is to deny the work of the Holy Spirit in convincing people through their reason and ultimately to deny a part of our humanity , our rational part .
I affirm the evidential apologetic as the only valid apologetic .
I hope that no one will interpret " evidence " too narrowly .
A proper evidential apologetic must include the questioning of presuppositions and biases , but in doing so remains evidential since the basis of calling these into question is experience .
Too , we must not eliminate personal experience and feelings as evidences .
As professional counselors often say , " Feelings are facts . "
A proper evidential apologetic should include evidence of the experience of people - do people feel a need for God ?
A fear of God ?
Do the lives of believers change ?
Do some people seem to experience God in a direct way ?
Evidential apologetics need not deal only with archaeological digs and astronomy .
A full apologetic would involve a discussion of an entire process of weighing evidence by which a person comes to a Christian world view .
I see this process as involving the following steps :
(1) We start by inductively learning who in our lives may be trusted as reliable authorities .
These may be parents , if they are trustworthy , or other persons , whom we learn to trust from a pattern of consistency of action and words .
( 2 ) These trustworthy authorities then present us with information about events in history regarding the acts and words of God , whom they claim exists .
Faced with these claims which come from otherwise reliable sources , we decide inductively from our experience whether they " make sense " - in other words , if the world around us appears to have design , if our own heart feels a need for and a conviction of the presence of God , and the actions of people around us agree with the description of mankind in the Bible .
A more skeptical person may also want to see corroborating historical and scientific evidence .
( 3 ) If we find that these evidences agree with the message , we can then decide to adopt the " theory " of the Bible , organized by the most consistent theology we know , and act on it , interpreting the world around us based on this premise .
Within this new theoretical framework , we continue to test our theory by predictions and tests of internal consistency , which cause us to have more or less faith as time goes on .
We also continue to form subtheories by hypothesis and induction that deal with all the things of life such as ethical issues , based on the commands of God , and scientific data , based on the design and purpose of God in creation .
Christian theology , as an imperfect theory of humans ,
must change in the light of scientific data that affects the interpretation of Scripture .
I cannot escape the feeling that the predominance of presuppositionalist and quasi- existentialist apologetics betrays a feeling that the evidence is insufficient to bring a truly open - minded person to believe in Christ ; that there is not a compelling case for the existence of God .
Suppose a man is thinking about jumping in front of an oncoming truck .
If we wanted to convince him not to jump , we would appeal to the great body of evidence that showed that people who jump in front of trucks die .
He might not listen to us if he did not want to , but that would not change our approach .
On the other hand , if we wanted him to jump in front of the truck , we might appeal to Cartesian philosophy .
One hundred deaths do not prove that you will die if you jump in front of the truck !
The mode of our apologetic will depend on which side we think the evidence really lies .
I personally find the case for Christianity compelling , the evidences satisfactory , without a need for irrationality .
I also feel that the wisdom of the whole Church in framing
its beliefs must grow over time in the same way that the wisdom
of an individual ought to grow as he or she matures .
Francis Schaeffer based his fruitful evangelistic approach on the premise that " The Christian must have the integrity to live open to the questions ` Does God exist ? ' and ` Is the content of the Judaistic - Christian system truth ? '" 40 ( emphasis mine ) or , even more to the point , " The Christian himself should always be willing sincerely to re-examine these questions as to the possibility of his being `taken in ' by his Christian commitment .
" 80 Does this imply uncertainty and lack of confidence ?
On the contrary , as with the senior scientist who examines carefully a purported perpetual motion machine , the willingness to consider the evidence for the other side stems from a confidence in one 's own position .
The people who refuse to consider arguments against their cherished views are usually those who fear that their position is weak .
The implications of my epistemology extend further than apologetics , however .
The flow may go the other way .
Christian theology , as an imperfect theory of humans , must change in the light of scientific data that affects the interpretation of Scripture .
This does not require liberalism , which puts modern science in the position of absolute supremacy over the Bible , but does require humility and the ability to admit errors and ignorance .
I marvel at the audacity involved in altering significant doctrines held by the great body of the Church throughout history and by great minds such as Augustine , Calvin , and Edwards .
Thus I view dimly any approach to Christianity which begins by casting aside the orthodox understanding of Scripture .
However , I also feel that the wisdom of the whole Church in framing its beliefs must grow over time in the same way that the wisdom of an individual ought to grow as he or she matures .
Therefore , we must not automatically resist change and reformulation of theology in the light of scientific and historical research .
Although it may sound strange , eliminating the need for absolute " mathematical " certainty as the starting point for thought leads to real certainty based on strong evidence , in the Christian context .
Setting up certain propositions as unquestionable ultimately gives a person no defense against arbitrariness and irrationality .
©1995
Acknowledgements
I thank Dr. R. Jones of CERN , Geneva , Prof. R. Hammer of Louisiana State University , and Prof. F. Skiff of the University of Maryland for challenging and uplifting , though not always polite , discussions on these subjects .
Notes
1 New Scientist , 8 August , 1992 .
2 G. Zukav , The Dancing Wu Li Masters , ( Morrow , New York , 1979 ) .
3 Dialogue 8 , 5 - 6 ( May 1981 ) .
4D . Snoke , " Toward the Unity of Theology and Science , " Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith 43 , No. 3 , ( American Scientific Affiliation , Ipswich , MA , September 1991 ) .
5C.S. Lewis , Mere Christianity , ( Macmillan , New York , 1943 ) .
6J . McDowell , Evidence that Demands Verdict , ( Here 's Life , San Bernardino , 1972 ) .
7H . Ross , The Fingerprint of God , 2nd ed. , ( Promise , Orange , California , 1991 ) .
A newsletter is available from Reasons to Believe , P.O. Box 5978 , Pasadena , CA 91117 .
8E.g. , The Philosophical Works of Francis Bacon , ed. J.M. Robertson ( Routledge , London , 1902 ) .
9E.g. Richtmeyer , Kennard and Cooper , Introduction to Modern Physics , ( McGraw - Hill , New York , 1969 ) .
10 For a readable example of modern scholarship on early childhood , see F. Caplan , The First Twelve Months of Life , ( Bantam , New York , 1978 ) , from the Piaget - influenced Princeton Center for Infancy and Early Childhood .
As a father of four , I also claim my own observations in justification of the claim that children learn everything , including language and " common sense , " inductively .
11 See e.g. Chomsky : Selected Readings , J.P.B. Allen and P. van Buren , eds . ( Oxford University Press , London , 1971 ) ; Noam Chomsky , Language and Politics , C.P. Otero , ed. ( Black Rose Books , Cheektowaga , NY , 1988 ) .
12S . Greenleaf , The Testimony of the Evangelists , ( Storey and Sage , Newark , 1903 ) , reprinted in J.W. Montgomery , The Law Above the Law , ( Bethany , Minneapolis , 1975 ) .
13J . Sire , Scripture Twisting , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1980 ) .
14 K . Popper , Logik der Forschung , 7th ed. , ( Mohr , Tbingen , 1982 ) .
15D . Hume , An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding , ( London , 1748 ) ; Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion , ed. N. Kemp Smith ( Bobbs Merrill , Indiana , 1977 ) .
16See e.g. , R. Descartes , Principles of Philosophy , ed. and trans .
E.S. Haldane and G.R.T. Ross ( Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1911 - 12 ) .
17 Hegel , WW XV , 328 , as quoted in Hegel 's Concept of Experience , M. Heidegger , ( Harper and Row , San Francisco , 1970 ) .
18I . Kant , Kritik der reinen Vernunft , ( Riga , 2nd ed , 1787 ) , Critique of Pure Reason , ( Macmillan , London , 1968 ) .
19R.C. Sproul , J. Gerstner , and A. Lindsley , Classical Apologetics , ( Academic Press , Grand Rapids , 1984 ) .
20E.g. , Summa theologica ; see also F.C. Coppleston , Aquinas , ( Penguin , London , 1955 ) .
21 R . Reymond , in The Justification of Knowledge , ( Presbyterian and Reformed , Philadelphia , 1976 ) , calls Aquinas an " evidentialist " because he reasoned on the basis of imperfect sense evidence ; yet Aquinas saw himself as deducing self - evident conclusions with absolute certainty .
22I . Kant , Grundlegung zur Metaphysik der Sitten , 1785 ; Foundations of the Metaphysics of Morals , L.W. Beck , trans .
( Macmillan , New York , 1990 ) .
23 Ayn Rand , The Virtue of Selfishness ( Signet , New York , 1970 ) .
24Starting with Laplace , another deductivist school of thought avoided this problem essentially by eschewing any concept of morality , i.e. , definitions of " ought " rather than " is . "
Only deductions based on the " laws " of nature and mathematics could be held as certain .
This school started to fall apart at the beginning of this century when many scientific " laws " turned out to be mere approximations .
Godel put the final nail in the coffin when he showed that no logical system of pure assumption and deduction can prove or disprove all statements which can be posed within that system .
Certain proofs require an axiom of choice - elements of sets chosen for no self - evident reason .
Any logic which restricts itself to self - evident statements cannot give a complete description of the system in which it is expressed .
( See e.g. , Godel , Monatshefte f. Math .
u. Physik 38 , 173 ( 1931 ) in From Frege to Godel , J. van Heihenoort , ed. ( Harvard Press , Cambridge , 1967 ) ; for a very readable account see D.R. Hofstadter , Godel , Escher , Bach : The Eternal Golden Braid , ( Basic Books , New York , 1979 ) . )
Atheists like Bertrand Russell , who in the early part of this century contrasted the certainty of mathematical reasoning with the apparent arbitrariness of moral and religious reasoning , found their own system falling to that same enemy , arbitrariness .
25E.g. , M. Heidegger , Basic Writings , and Nietzsche : Volumes I - IV , ( Harper and Row , San Francisco ) .
For an interesting review of Nietzsche and Heidegger 's influence , see Ref .
26S . Kierkegaard , Either / Or trans .
Walter Lowrie , ( Anchor Books , Garden City , 1959 ) ; see also S.U. Zuidema , Kierkegaard ( Presbyterian and Reformed Pub. , Philadelphia , 1960 ) .
27T.S. Kuhn , The Structure of Scientific Revolutions , ( University of Chicago Press , Chicago , 1962 ) .
28 M. Polanyi , Science , 113 , 1308 ( 1968 ) ; The Tacit Dimension , ( Doubleday , New York , 1966 ) .
29C. van Til , The Defense of the Faith , ( Presbyterian and Reformed , Philadelphia , 1955 ) .
30 For a review see R. Nash , The Philosophy of Gordon Clark , ( Presbyterian and Reformed , Philadelphia , 1968 ) .
31 In fact , Kierkegaard might well be called a presuppositionalist .
In The Sickness unto Death , trans .
H.V. and E.H. Hong ( Princeton Press , Princeton , 1980 ) , Kierkegaard writes an eloquent call for a return to Christian orthodoxy .
A presuppositionalist would find little to disagree with in this book .
Kierkegaard states that to reject Christ is a sin worthy of eternal condemnation , yet he rejects giving reasons for faith as unworthy of a Christian , like a lover giving reasons for his love .
( Of course , it is one thing to give reasons for love , and another thing to give reasons for the existence of the loved - if a stranger claimed that the fiancee did not exist , being merely a deception of a con artist , the lover might indeed engage in collecting evidence and making deductions ! )
32 Some make a distinction between " irrational " and " non-rational " thought , the former consisting of belief despite evidence acknowledged to be contradictory , the latter consisting of belief which takes no consideration of evidence at all .
I see the distinction as moot - a person who steps into traffic knowing he is stepping in front of an oncoming truck , and a person who steps into traffic without looking at all may both be called " irrational . "
Therefore the term " irrational " in this essay refers to both kind of belief .
33 Although not often called presuppositionalist or for that matter an existentialist , the free - will theology expounded by Ryrie e.g. , So Great Salvation , Victor Books , 1990 ) essentially expounds the view of faith as a choice of axioms about God , totally apart from the world of experience and not necessarily requiring implications for the world of experience , i.e. , presupposition of van Til ; thus a person is " once saved , always saved . "
34A .
Bloom , The Closing of the American Mind , ( Simon and Schuster , New York , 1987 ) .
35D . D'Souza , Illiberal Education : The Politics of Race and Sex on Campus , ( The Free Press , New York , 1991 ) .
36L . Wittgenstein , Philosophical Investigations , ( Blackwell , Oxford , 1953 ) ; On Certainty , ( Blackwell , Oxford , 1969 ) .
37H .
Reichenbach , The Theory of Probability ; An Inquiry into the Logical and Mathematical Foundations of the Calculus of Probability , ( University of California Press , Berkeley , 1949 ) .
38 Evidentialism also sometimes goes by the name of rationalism , ( or pejoratively as " neo-rationalism , " ) but although rationalism rules out existentialism , the term " rationalism " is very broad , applied to those who would deduce knowledge from " self - evident " propositions , like Descartes and Aquinas , as well as to those who argue inductively .
For Christians , the word " rationalism " often carries the connotation of reason operating independently , without the effects of sin or a need for the Holy Spirit ; therefore " evidentialism " conveys better the idea of persuasion and the use of evidence in the context of the work of the Holy Spirit .
39J.W . Montgomery , The Shape of the Past , ( Edwards Brothers , Ann Arbor , 1962 ) ; History and Christianity , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1972 ) ; The Law Above the Law ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1975 ) .
40 F . Schaeffer , The God Who is There , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1968 ) .
There exists some confusion about Schaeffer 's position because of his use of the term " presuppositional apologetics . "
For Schaeffer , this means the calling into question of presuppositions on the basis of logic and experience , not the irrational creation of presuppositions .
In this book Schaeffer states that " No one can live logically according to ... non-Christian presuppositions . "
The presuppositionalist , however , maintains that the non-Christian can and does live completely consistently within his or her logical framework .
Schaeffer also says in this book , as I do , that " Scientific proof , philosophical proof , and religious proof follow the same rules . "
The Van Tillian author R. Reymond , in The Justification of Knowledge , ( Presbyterian and Reformed , Philadelphia , 1976 ) , properly defines Schaeffer as an evidentialist .
Presuppositional apologetics calls into question presuppositions on the basis of evidence and experience ( can we live with it ? ) ; Presuppositionalism allows no such questioning .
For the presuppositionalist this would allow human reason to become a judge over God .
41 To use another example , Popper 's well - known dismissal of proof by induction ( ibid. ) , that seeing a great number of white swans does not prove that no black swans exist , makes inductive proof seem silly precisely because we all have seen black swans , or at least black birds .
Yet the fact that we are surprised the first time we see a black swan shows that we had indeed been certain until then that all swans are white .
In an example completely analogous to Popper 's , never seeing baby elephants materialize in the atmosphere does not prove that none will ever fall from heaven .
Yet if Popper were to express any uncertainty at all about whether this might start to occur tomorrow , we would call for the mental hospital .
The evidence against spontaneous materialization of baby elephants is far greater than the evidence against black birds .
42Acts 17:2,17
43Acts 17:11
44Acts 18:4 , 2 Cor 5:11
45Acts 19:26 , 28:24 , 1 Cor 14:24 , 2 Tim 3:14
46Acts 1:3
47Acts 1:8 , 1 Peter 1:16-18
48John 5:31 , 36 , 39 , 21:24 , Hebrews 2:4 , 1 John 1:2
49John 3:2 , 20:30
50E.g. Deut 6:22 , Psalms 78:43 , 108:27
51 Matthew 8:10 , 15:28
52 Matthew 6:30 , 8:26 , 14:31
53 Luke 17:5
542 Thes 1:3
552 Peter 1:19
56 Matthew 14:31 , Luke 24:38 , John 20:27 , Jude : 22
57A recent book edited by R.C. Sproul , Doubt and Assurance ( Baker , Grand Rapids , 1993 ) deals sensitively with the issue of Christian doubts , summarized well by Os Guinness ' statement , " There is no believing without doubting . "
581 John 1:7-8
59 Rev 17:5
60 Ephesians 2:8
61John M. Frame , another presuppositionalist , in The Doctrine of the Knowledge of God , ( Presbyterian and Reformed , Philadelphia , 1987 ) follows Plato ( Theaetetus ) in defining an experience as " knowledge " only when it can be placed in a " normative " framework which makes a judgment about its " meaning . "
If one accepts this definition then Presuppositionalism follows almost automatically .
But this narrows the definition of " knowledge " in the extreme , since it rules out all things which we know but make no judgment about , or which we make a wrong judgment about .
It is also subject to a criticism of circularity - does one " know " the normative framework first ?
If so , what normative framework did one know which gave a judgment about the meaning of the other normative framework ?
How does one know that prior framework ?
And so on .
Frame acknowledges this circularity and promotes it as a necessity .
62St . Augustine of Hippo , in On the Predestination of the Saints , in Nicene and Post - Nicene Fathers , ( Eerdmans , Grand Rapids , 1974 ) .
63 Proverbs 1:7
64J . Edwards , in The Works of President Edwards , ( Leavitt and Allen , New York , 1857 ) .
65A separate question is the problem of " objective " knowledge , whether my perceptions tell me the same thing that they tell you .
Do other people really exist who perceive the same things that I do , or are they possibly just figments of my imagination ( or " Someone 's " imagination ) ?
Since I am attempting to construct an epistemology and not a metaphysic , I do not need to answer this question .
Clearly people do exist in my experience , whatever they " really " may be , and whether or not I have full knowledge of what they are ( which I almost certainly do not ) .
My knowledge and my language does not require you to be real .
Since language consists of a mapping of one set of my experiences ( e.g. , the sound of the word " ball " ) onto another set of experiences ( finger pointing at a ball ) , I can define as truth any consistent use of that map by whomever or whatever I communicate with .
Mortimer Adler , in his book Ten Philosophical Mistakes , ( Macmillan , New York , 1985 ) addresses the issue of " objective " knowledge , or dialogue between people of different world views .
Of course , although I cannot prove with absolute certainty that other people exist , and I do not need to assume they are similar to me in order to have a theory of knowledge , nevertheless the assumption of their existence is the simplest unifying theory for explaining a vast amount of experience .
66B . Gregory , Inventing Reality : Physics as Language , ( John Wiley and Sons , New York , 1988 ) .
67Actually , Hume called himself a Christian - in the sense that Madonna calls herself a Catholic , one might say .
After ridiculing the Torah on the basis of anti-semitism as a book " presented to us by an ignorant and barbarous people , written in an age when they were still more barbarous , " ( ibid . ) he states it would take a miracle for anyone to believe it , and then proposes exactly that kind of belief - against - all - reason as the basis for Christianity - the same kind of pure fideism not infrequently encountered in churches today .
68H . Van Till , D. Young , and C. Menninga , Science Held Hostage , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1989 ) .
69I must include some heretical descendents of Judaism and Christianity , such as certain schools of Islam , as world views that also espouse an evidential approach to morality on the basis that " God has spoken . "
In these cases I must simply say that a direct evaluation of the evidence for these claims to experience with God in history , using good lawcourt reasoning , reveals severe deficiencies .
In general , however , heretical groups thrive on the existentialist mentality that their " unprovable axioms " as just as good , but different , from those of Christianity .
70 F . Schaeffer , Escape from Reason , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1968 ) .
71E.g. , F. Schaeffer , Genesis in Space and Time , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1972 ) , Joshua and the Flow of Biblical History , ( InterVarsity Press , Downers Grove , 1975 ) .
72E.g. , Scientific Creationism , H. Morris , ed. ( Master Books , El Cajun , CA , 1974 ) ; H. Morris The God Who is Real : A Creationist Approach to Evangelism and Missions , ( Baker , Grand Rapids , 1988 ) .
73 Mysticism , as usually practiced , is actually an extreme form of veneration of authority .
The words of authorities are taken as the source of knowledge to such a degree that even logical contradictions can not devalue their validity .
On the contrary , even the slightest little detail of the words of the authorities becomes venerated , such as the exact spelling of words .
Almost all forms of mysticism have their " holy man " whose words , though contradictory , must be accepted because of his authority .
Mysticism is therefore essentially an alternate branch from the " child 's epistemology " when the child finds that the authorities contradict , and often appears in cultures with strong scholastic traditions , such as the Roman Catholic church , the Muslims , and the Chinese .
Rather than judging the credibility of various authorities , as I propose , or rejecting all authority , as often occurs , the child may simply decide to cease to think logically and accept authority blindly .
74R.C. Sproul , Reason to Believe ( Objections Answered ) , ( Zondervan , Grand Rapids , 1978 ) .
75S.C. Hackett , The Reconstruction of the Christian Revelation Claim , ( Baker , Grand Rapids , 1984 ) .
76P . Yancey , Disappointment with God ( Zondervan , Grand Rapids , 1988 ) .
77 Walker Percy , The Message in the Bottle , ( FS&G , 1975 ) .
78 Romans 1:18 -20
79R.C. Sproul , The Psychology of Atheism ( If There is a God , Why are there Atheists ? ) , ( Tyndale , Wheaton , 1988 ) .
Tampa Divorce Attorneys
Family Law Lawyers in Tampa , Florida
Tampa women divorce lawyers ( marital law ) and family attorneys at the Florida law firm of All Family Law Group , P.A. are experienced and trusted attorneys who provide our clients with personal , individualized representation since 1997 .
Our top rated female Tampa divorce and family law lawyers are skilled at handling all matters pertaining to divorce and family law .
We focus in these areas of law and both the attorneys and legal staff strive to provide the best representation possible .
Our loyalty lies with our clients .
The divorce process can be lengthy , complex , and emotionally draining , and as well as any family law matter may not be easily resolved if the parties cannot agree on a resolution .
These processes can be some of the most traumatic events a person experiences in his or her lifetime .
We can empathize with what our clients ’ are experiencing , as we have all had our own experiences with family matters .
Over the years we have represented 1000 ’s of men and women in divorce and family law issues such as child custody and visitation , child support , alimony , division of assets and debts , paternity actions and post final judgment modifications .
We will be at your side to help you navigate through the sometimes tangled process while striving to make it as easy as possible for you and to promote settlement .
If the parties cannot agree and settlement is not an option for our clients , our attorneys have extensive trial experience in divorce , alimony , child custody and support , visitation and as well as related family law matters .
We will aggressively pursue your rights in and out of court to obtain the best possible outcome .
So if you are looking for knowledgeable , dedicated lawyers , then look no further .
Our attorneys have a combined experience of approximately 50 years in resolving family and divorce cases amicably or through contested litigation .
Contact us either by telephone at 813-672-1900 or email to schedule a free consultation to discuss your case and your available options .
We are conveniently located with offices throughout Tampa Bay and we work with our clients via in person consultations and appointments , as well as by telephone , mail , email and video .
Tampa divorce attorneys and family law lawyers at the law firm of All Family Law Group , P.A. provide effective , smart solutions for men and women in the following areas of law .
Tampa Divorce & Family Lawyers – Smart
In any divorce case asset and debt division , child custody , child support and spousal support are a few of the most important considerations to be decided .
This includes determining what is marital and non-marital property , equitably distributing marital property , debts and assets , as well as determining whether and to what extent one spouse should provide the other with alimony .
If there are children involved , child custody , visitation and child support must also be considered .
In every case involving children , shared parental responsibility plans , otherwise known as Parenting Plans , must be drafted , agreed upon and signed by the parties .
If the parties cannot agree on these terms , then the terms will be ordered by the Court after hearing the evidence and testimony of the parties in a final hearing or trial .
In addition , if a spouse or both spouses are in the military there are additional issues to be resolved .
Our Tampa military divorce attorneys are experienced and knowledgeable in all issues that confront military personnel , as being in the military subjects you to different rules in your divorce or family law matter .
We know how difficult it can be in many cases for our clients and we can definitely empathize with their situation .
We strive to be responsive to our clients concerns and to keep them informed as to the status of their case and available options .
This is and has always been a personal goal for each one of our attorneys and for each one of our legal staff at our law firm .
We will communicate with you and work to expedite your case as quickly as possible throughout the process .
We strive to provide cost - effective legal services by working toward an amicable solution to avoid expensive , time consuming and emotionally draining litigation .
Sometimes , however , cases cannot be amicably resolved if the parties cannot come to an agreement .
Under these circumstances our goal is to represent you to attain the best result to which you are legally entitled .
Our family law lawyers and divorce attorneys are experienced , thorough and aggressive litigators and we strive to provide you with the best divorce and family law representation possible – anywhere .
Do you need a Topnotch Divorce & Family Law Attorney ?
Contact our compassionate and responsive lawyers at the family and divorce law firm of All Family Law Group , P.A. in Tampa , Florida , if you have any questions regarding any of the areas of law in which we practice .
We are committed to providing you with the best representation possible .
Contact our law firm online or call 813-672-1900 for a free consultation to speak with one of our experienced attorneys to discuss your situation and your available options .
Se habla español .
We represent divorce and family law clients in the Florida cities of Tampa , Hyde Park , Ybor City , South Tampa , Brandon , Riverview , Valrico , Gibsonton , Lithia , Mango , Palm River , Plant City , Seffner , Sun City Center , Apollo Beach , Ruskin , Temple Terrace , Northdale , Carrollwood , Thonotosassa , Lutz , Fish Hawk , MacDill Air Force Base , Clearwater , as well as all of Hillsborough County , Pinellas County and Pasco County .
IBM's Hot Chips presentation on its forthcoming 45nm POWER7 server processor had a wealth of information on the chip , which , at 1.2 billion transistors and 567 mm2 , is actually quite svelte considering what it offers .
The secret is the first use of a special cache technology that IBM has been touting since 2007 , but more on that in a moment .
POWER7 will come in 4 - , 6 - , and 8 - core varieties , with the default presumably being the 8 - core and the lower - core variants being offered to improve yields .
Each core features 4 - way simultaneous multithreading , which means that the 8 - core will support a total of 32 simultaneous threads per socket .
POWER7 is designed for multisocket systems that scale up to 32 sockets , which means that a full 32 - socket system of 8 - core parts would support 1024 threads .
Feeding eight cores in a single socket is quite a challenge , which is why each POWER7 has a pair of four - channel DDR3 controllers that can support up to 100 GB /s of sustained memory bandwidth .
Also helping the situation is a whopping 32 MB of on - die L3 cache — IBM was able to cram this much cache on there by using a special embedded DRAM ( eDRAM ) design that cuts the transistor cost of its large cache pool roughly in half .
To see how dramatic the transistor savings are this eDRAM cache scheme , compare the 8 - core , 32 MB - cache POWER7's 1.2 billion transistor count with the 2 billion transistor count of the 4 - core , 30 MB - cache " Tukwila " Itanium from Intel .
Sure , POWER7's eDRAM is almost certainly a bit slower than Tukwila 's SRAM , but in today 's power - sensitive age that level of transistor savings is impressive .
Also consider how POWER7 stacks up to the eight - core Nehalem EX , which has 24MB of cache and weighs in at over 2.2 billion transistors ; again , IBM did more with less .
Note that the four - way SMT design is another trick that helps with problem of feeding all that hardware by acting as a latency - hiding mechanism for each core 's back end .
If one thread stalls waiting on memory , the core can ( ideally ) find instructions from another running thread to feed to the execution units in order to keep them busy .
This bandwidth issue is probably one reason behind IBM 's decision to go with such a high level of SMT .
Speaking of a POWER7 core 's back end , each core contains a very robust suite of execution resources .
There are 12 execution units in total , broken down as follows :
2 integer units
2 load - store units
4 double - precision floating - point units
1 branch unit
1 condition register unit
1 vector unit
1 decimal floating - point unit
Those of you who 've read my past microprocessor articles or my book will know what most of the above units are for , with the possible exceptions of the PPC - specific condition register unit ( that was present on the 970 ) and the decimal floating - point unit , which accelerates math functions commonly found on mainframe workloads .
My only real comment about the above is that four DP floating - point units is a lot of floating - point power .
This makes sustained streaming bandwidth from memory critically important for POWER7's FP performance , so it 's a good thing that it has plenty of it .
I 'm told that the POWER7 continues the " group dispatch " scheme that has been a part of the POWER line since the POWER4 days .
I described in detail how this works in my first article on the PowerPC 970 ( a.k.a. , G5 ) — in a nutshell , it cuts down on the amount of bookkeeping logic needed to track in - flight instructions by dispatching and tracking the instructions in bundles .
On the POWER4 and 970 , instructions dispatched from the instruction queue to the back end in bundles of 5 each , but the dispatch groups have now been widened to 6 slots .
In all , IBM has produced a very impressive 32 - thread monster of a chip with a ton of cache and plenty of memory bandwidth , and done so with half the transistors of the competition .
This is quite an achievement , and it reiterates just how strong IBM remains in the very lucrative mainframe market .
What is spring without the luscious greens and vibrant petals ?
Even spring season has long passed ; city of New York has never lost its freshness .
New York can be quite a scintillating attack on the senses , an explosion of sounds , colors and scents .
That is the reason one of the biggest city in the world is spotted as among the best tourist city in the world where it attracts more than hundreds millions of visitors each year .
New York City Sightseeing is the most popular business that in - charge with warm and tip - top service to the tourists .
Their unique fleet of 60 new double - decker buses are always adventurous , punctual and really cheap , that they can optimize tourist ’s view of the New York City .
Besides double - decker buses , they are offering packages that includes cruises , museum visits , helicopter tours and motor coach tours to nearby cities like Boston and Washington D.C.
These packages are really great value for your money as they provide maximum service with great satisfaction .
The price will be much cheaper if you book online in the website .
The tourists should not have to worry if they have ridiculous goal of one day spending a 24 - hour period in New York City and spending less than $ 300 – including travel , food , lodging and sightseeing .
I can assure you that the dream is not impossible to achieve with the sightseeing package included in the budget .
This is because of the most expensive things in New York City travel is tickets for sightseeing itself .
Have a nice holiday !
Do enjoy every inches of beautiful sceneries in Ney York City .
Images Resource : Flickr
Category : Featured , North America , Travel
Intel 's Linux - based Moblin 2 platform is finally moving out of the lab and into the market .
Dell launched its first Moblin - based product on Thursday , making the software platform available to consumers on its Mini 10 v netbook .
Although Moblin has a lot to offer , Dell warns that Moblin is n't ready for primetime yet and informs prospective buyers that the software is still experimental .
Moblin was originally launched in 2007 to provide a Linux - based software platform optimized for Atom - based MIDs .
The project has evolved considerably and was reborn as a netbook operating system with version 2.0 when the MID form factor failed to gain traction .
It has attracted significant attention in its new role and has won the backing of virtually every major Linux distributor .
In order to open up the platform to the broader mobile vendor ecosystem , Intel turned over stewardship of the project to the Linux Foundation earlier this year .
We 've been keeping a close eye on Moblin and have tested several prereleases .
In addition to top - notch compatibility with Intel 's hardware , Moblin also offers the promise of swift boot times an extremely innovative user interface shell , and an assortment of other components that have been fine - tuned for mobile devices .
Several prominent Linux distributors , particularly Novell and Canonical , are building Moblin derivatives or integrating Moblin technologies into their own netbook distros .
Canonical has constructed a special Ubuntu remix that incorporates key parts of the Moblin stack .
This hybrid will bring users the unique benefits of Moblin without having to sacrifice the compelling advantages of Ubuntu , such as the distro's enormous software package library .
Moblin is still under heavy development , but it has been deemed worthy of deployment to early adopters and is entering an early public testing stage .
Dell will ship Canonical 's Moblin variant on its Mini 10 v .
The device is available for purchase from Dell 's online hardware store for $ 299 .
Dell also sells a Mini 10 v with a more conventional version of Ubuntu — sans Moblin enhancements — for the same price .
Canonical CEO
Mark Shuttleworth is enthusiastic about the new offering and sees it as a good opportunity for software developers who want to dive into Moblin .
As one of the first devices shipped with the platform , it 's definitely breaking some new ground .
" Moblin keeps on getting more exciting as a project with new applications and improved user experiences .
It 's great to be delivering this release with Dell to developers wanting to participate in Moblin , " said Shuttleworth in a statement .
" Intel and the Moblin community are bringing tremendous resource and investment into the Linux ecosystem and this product acts as a bridge to Moblin for developers . "
Although Moblin has a lot of promise and is of significant interest to developers , it 's not quite ready yet to be unleashed on regular consumers .
Dell 's online store displays a large disclaimer which says that the Moblin version is still experimental and is intended primarily for coders and Linux enthusiasts .
Dell opted to make it available preinstalled on hardware in its incomplete state in response to significant demand from the Linux community .
" Dell designed the Mini 10v Ubuntu Moblin Remix Developer Edition exclusively for Linux enthusiasts , developers , and Early Adopters , " the website says .
" Moblin in its current state is not a completely stable and bug - free operating system .
Features available in Ubuntu Moblin Remix Developer Edition are not comparable to features available in other Linux Operating system offerings . "
The stern warning will likely deter some potential buyers and push them towards the model with the conventional Ubuntu installation , but it wo n't stop us .
Unlike sane people who expect their new computers to work properly , we just can't resist the sweet whiff of half - baked software emanating from the glorious broken crack pipe of the future .
We put in an order for Dell 's Moblin Mini 10 v and plan to put it through a thorough Ars taste test to determine if it 's palatable yet .
We know our readers are hungry for Moblin , so we are going to serve our review up next month .
vim tips and tricks
home
These pages contain some vim tips .
They are somewhat advanced , and meant for people that have been using vim for a semester or two already .
Please see our Editors page if you 're looking for begining editor information .
Once you 've looked at these pages , check out www.vim.org for more tips and plugins .
Try " Search for Tips " with no keywords to get the highest rated tips !
The man accused of abducting 11 - year - old Jaycee Lee Dugard , holding her as a sex slave for 18 years , and fathering two of her children has publicly apologised for doing “ a disgusting thing ” but claimed the world would eventually be surprised by the full details of his “ heart - warming ” personal story .
Philip Garrido , a convicted sex offender who apparently kept Dugard imprisoned in a makeshift backyard compound at his bungalow on the outskirts of the Californian city of Antioch , made the bizarre claims from his prison cell yesterday , in an interview with a local TV news station .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He did not answer detailed questions about whether he and his wife had kidnapped the now 29 - year - old Dugard , who was re-united with her family yesterday .
Neither did he explain reports that he ’d forced her to grow up in virtual isolation , with only rudimentary electricity and no running water .
Legal protocol prevented him elaborating on allegations that he repeatedly raped his hostage , producing two daughters , he claimed .
The eldest was born without the benefit of any medical attention , when Dugard was just 13 years old , and neither girl ever had any form of education .
Instead , the rambling 58 - year - old , whose wife Nancy is also in custody , insisted that his eventual trial – he should be formally charged today with multiple counts related to rape and kidnapping - will demonstrate that he is a reformed character .
“ What ’s kept me busy , the last several , several years , is that I ’ve completely turned my life around , ” Garrido told KCRA - TV from his cell at the El Doprado County Jail .
“ You ’re going to hear the most powerful story .
You ’re going to fall over backwards and find the most heart - rending story .
You ’ll be hearing something that needs to be understood . ”
Since walking into a parole office near San Francisco this week with Jaycee and his two daughters , who revealed their real identity to an interviewer , Garrido claims to have felt relief .
“ My life has been straightened out .
Wait till you hear the story of what took place at this house .
You are going to be absolutely impressed .
It ’s a disgusting thing that took place with me in the beginning .
But I turned my life completely around . ”
Garrido repeatedly referred to a “ dossier ” of information about his behaviour that he claims is being held by detectives on the 15th floor of the FBI building in San Francisco .
He insists the material in those documents will exonerate him .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Today , investigators and journalists were piecing together information regarding Garrido 's eccentric lifestyle .
It emerged that he ran a blog entitled Voices Revealed , and had registered a Church devoted to his beliefs at his home address .
He and his wife are said to have conducted what were described as “ religious revivals ” in a tent in their untidy garden and claimed to have developed a device that allowed them to control sound with their mind .
It was his religious beliefs that led to his arrest : parole officers visited Garrido's house this week after security staff at UC Berkeley detained him as he attempted to hand out leaflets advertising his church .
The guards were concerned by his relationship with two teenage girls who were leafleting with him .
Those girls , it later emerged , were Jaycee 's daughters .
For reasons that remain unclear , he decided to take them with him to a subsequent interview at his parole office on Wednesday .
It was at that interview that Dugard 's identity finally emerged ,
According to Garrido ’s version of events , he stopped abusing children after his second daughter was born 11 years ago .
“ Mine is a constructive story about having those two girls in my arms every single night from birth .
I never touched them , ” he said , “ The youngest one was born , and from that moment on everything turned around . ”
That seems at odds with the facts surrounding his past , though .
He was a lifelong sexual offender with a string of convictions , most recently in 1999 .
Although neighbours say they knew of his past , the hidden nature of his garden prevented them realising that he was keeping a hostage there .
Jaycee disappeared in June 1991 , when she was grabbed by a couple driving a grey saloon car as she waited at a bus -stop , half a mile from her front door in South Lake Tahoe .
Police removed a similar car from Garrido ’s home yesterday afternoon .
Sniffer dogs were brought in yesterday to help search for any bodies that may be hidden or buried at the house .
Meanwhile Jaycee has been reunited with her mother , Terry .
She and her daughters are being kept at an undisclosed location in Northern California .
Source :
September 01 , 2009 12:34 IST
Pakistan troops and people were conveyed only fabricated stories about the Kargil War by then army chief General Pervez Musharraf , according to a senior Pakistani commander having long experience of serving on the Line of Control .
Former Quetta corps commander Lt. General ( retired ) Tariq Pervez said : " At the beginning of the Kargil conflict , Musharraf , Mehmood and their cronies had tried to display their feelings that they had achieved what I had thought impossible . "
" I conveyed that like every Pakistani in uniform , I would have been too happy if the Indians were beaten .
Later , it was proved that only fabricated stories were conveyed to the troops and the public , " he added .
Lt. General Tariq said Pakistani causalities were in great number and the claims about building bunkers proved false .
The fact remains that no precautionary measures were made to ensure victory or the safety of life of the troops ;
The News quoted him , as saying .
When asked as to what were his differences with Musharraf and why he as corps commander met Nawaz Sharif bypassing him , Lt General Tariq Pervez said " their differences on professional matters were old .
They had multiplied during the Kargil adventure where Lt. General Mehmood and Lt. General Aziz were also involved . "
" During the briefings on Kargil , Musharraf used to boast over his successes .
However , I wanted to be heard in those meetings and transfer my long experiences as commander over the Line of Control .
I was keen that the army benefits from my experiences , " he said .
Lt. General Tariq said he had met Musharraf early in October 1999 on news that he was immediately being retired from service .
" He just gave me a couple of days more when requested that sufficient time should be given so that one can make up his mind as it had been a long service in the Army " .
It was Lt. Gen Tariq 's perception that by the time he met Musharraf , he had already made up his mind to overthrow the Nawaz Sharif Government .
" The day he took over , it was my last day in uniform , " he said .
He recalled that although it smelled fishy on October 12 , 1999 , but he never knew that such a major step was on the anvil .
Apple has approved an app for Vonage 's VOIP technology , Vonage announced on Tuesday .
But what exactly does it do ?
Apple has approved an app for Vonage 's VOIP technology , Vonage announced on Tuesday .
In a tersely worded statement , Vonage said that its mobile application had been approved for the iPhone as well as the iPod touch .
" Vonage is currently conducting a beta test and general availability will be announced at a later date , " the company said .
Vonage did not disclose what the app will actually do .
Apple has rejected apps before that compete with its own services , but has approved VOIP apps that place calls on Wi-Fi . " Michael , " who publishes tweets under the handle Vonage_Voice for Vonage , said he could not disclose what the app actually does for competitive reasons .
Vonage already provides voicemail transcription with some plans , and will email audio recordings of voice mails to a selected email address .
It was n't clear if the app will simply perform these functions , or allow users to place calls .
Voange has experimented before with peripherals that allow users to take calls on the road .
Amazon.com , for example , still sells the Vonage V - Phone , a USB drive that gives a laptop or PC VOIP functionality .
But the V - Phone has largely disappeared from the Vonage Web site , as has Vonage Talk , a click - to - call functionality that integrated with Microsoft Outlook .
by Mario Rizzo
The Fed has decided to extend , at least through early next year , its program of purchasing mortgage - backed securities .
The Wall Street Journal reports :
“ The Fed ’s action signals its belief that the economy , while in recovery , remains fragile and that housing , which has seen some improvement in recent months , has only started to pull out of its slump . ”
What is the objective of their action ?
When will they know they have succeeded ?
Almost everyone admits that there was a housing bubble or , as I prefer to say , a misdirection of resources into the housing industry due to excessively low interest rates and other government programs designed to stimulate the housing sector .
But now , again from the Wall Street Journal :
“ Mainly because of heavy government intervention in the mortgage market , interest rates remain near their lowest levels in decades .
Rates on 30 - year fixed - rate conforming mortgages currently average 5.24 % , down from a recent peak of 5.81 % in June but up from the year ’s low of 4.84 % in late April , according to HSH Associates , in Pompton Plains , N.J. ”
This intervention is good , even though the previous one caused the bubble , presumably because “ the housing market has not fully recovered . ”
What is full recovery ?
Business as usual ?
What is that ?
The article continues :
“ With so many empty houses sitting on the market , some builders say they still have no way to make a profit with new construction .
” Why build new when people can go out and buy for less than it cost ? ” says Mark Connal , vice president of realty at Michael Crews Development , a developer and builder in Escondido , Calif . ”
If the Fed defines full recovery as when it is profitable to build new homes , it has not grasped the fact that the housing sector is over - expanded .
The point of losses or potential losses is to curtail the use of resources in this field .
( If the Fed is claiming that the market is over - reacting in its curtailment of resources into housing , how do they know that ?
What is their standard ? )
Thus , once again everything we know from microeconomics falls to the wayside in the Name of the Stimulus .
As if it were not enough that the Keynesians have fallen victim to this idea , the usually excellent Jeff Miron seems to think that the problem of reflating the bubble is mainly political , rather than economic .
Of course , it is perfectly possible to interpret the Fed ’s actions here as giving into the political pressure of the housing interests ( real estate , construction unions , etc. ) , I do not think that is what he has in mind .
Miron seems to think that the Fed can retrench at the first sign of inflation .
But increases in the aggregate price level were n’t the problem in the first place .
The housing bubble took place without “ inflation . ”
I just “ love ” macroeconomics .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
09/11/2009
And now in ' talking about us behind our backs is just easier ' news : Stand For Marriage
Maine limits rally to own choir
by Jeremy Hooper
Stand For Marriage
Maine absolutely wants you to come to their big anti-equality rally this Sunday .
But first they must verify that you are willing to stand lock - step with their agenda , or else your request to this " private event " will be denied .
What follows is an exchange that this writer shared with the Stand For Marriage Maine 's co-chair , Bob Emrich .
Enjoy :
JEREMY :
BOB :
JEREMY :
BOB :
JEREMY :
BOB :
JEREMY :
BOB :
JEREMY :
BOB :
JEREMY :
JEREMY AGAIN :
(** This is Bob 's YouTube page , which features " gays can change " testimony from Alan Chambers , Yvette Cantu Schneider , and Melissa Fryrear -- all of whom collect a paycheck by supporting " ex - gay " ness )
BOB :
JEREMY :
JEREMY AGAIN :
(** Link in email :
We wo n't take this ' Stand ' lying down ! )
BOB :
JEREMY :
JEREMY ONE LAST TIME :
Your thoughts
" I will give you a DVD of the event afterwards . "
That comment reconfirms my sense that the template for this event is " Liberty Sunday " ...
No media access and all the speechifying intended not so much for the audience in attendance but for the potential buyers of the DVD .
It 's why Mitt Romney repeated the exact same speech twice to the exact same crowd during Liberty Sunday .
There was a technical glitch and the folks charged with recording it for the DVD had to ask him for a do - over .
To no great surprise , the " Liberty Sunday " live audience clapped and otherwise responded with equal enthusiasm the second time around .
They know it 's spectacle , and they 're willing participants .
Gah .
Posted by : LdChino | Sep 11 , 2009 9:25:11 AM
Well LdChino , I 've lined up several people who 've managed to obtain tickets .
Hopefully we will still get plenty of opposition researchers in the door .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Sep 11 , 2009 9:34:33 AM
BRAVO !
I love a paper trail , even if it is electronic paper .
Posted by : Bob Miller | Sep 11 , 2009 9:35:42 AM
Way to pwn Bob Emrich !
Did anyone else get an animal - trapped - in - a - corner vibe from him ?
From the very beginning , he had no argument and you absolutely destroyed him with respect , civility , and honest questions .
Good for you .
Posted by : DN | Sep 11 , 2009 10:28:38 AM
Ooh , you have an iphone !
Nice exchange .
I have to ask ( rhetorically ) , have n't they been " recruiting people from other states " ?
Did n't they just say this week that this is a national issue ?
Posted by : Matt Algren | Sep 11 , 2009 10:56:30 AM
Interestingly I just watched the movie " One Nation Under God " .
In it the founders of Exodus International had come out as gay .
Michael Bussee and Gary Cooper turned their back on conversion therapy in 1979 .
My suspicion is that most ex-gays are simply delusional .
There really is n't any other excuse .
Posted by : Tony P | Sep 11 , 2009 11:00:46 AM
See , this is the problem with the other side .
When push comes to shove , they are unable -- or more likely , unwilling -- to answer the question , " What would the world look like if you got everything you wanted politically regarding gays ? "
Based on statements across the anti-gay spectrum , it is clear they want to eliminate the GLBT community from the public square , force all of us back into the closet , and turn the clock back 50 years on our hard - won equality ( which they term " special rights " ) .
You and I know this fight is n't just about marriage .
Every time they claim they only want to define marriage , they lie and pursue even more draconian measures against us , such as their attempts to take away our adoption rights , employment equality and domestic partner benefits .
They also know that if the public at large really understood this , their movement is over .
Even the average American who may be uncomfortable with homosexuality can see the malice in this .
That 's why they refuse to answer simple , direct questions .
That 's why they attempt to redefine basic terminology like " change " and " equal . "
That 's why they refuse to provide honest , objective evidence for their positions .
That 's why they prefer to work within an echo chamber of lockstep agreement .
It 's all a house of cards , and they know it .
The irony here is that he is accusing our side of " recruiting people from other states " when that is EXACTLY WHAT THEY ARE DOING by recruiting actors to play " real " people in their commercials and by using an out - of - state production company to do so .
The Yes on 1 ads at least feature ACTUAL PEOPLE FROM MAINE .
Our side wants equality for all people .
We 're not trying to take anything away from anyone .
Therefore , we do n't have to go to such ridiculous lengths to hide our " agenda . "
It 's right out there for everyone to see .
Posted by : Christopher™ | Sep 11 , 2009 11:04:15 AM
1 . You should take him up on the offer for a DVD .
That is a decent gesture on his part , and we should test the sincerity of the gesture .
It also would be interesting to compare what is on the official DVD with what others report and / or record .
2 . Check out Emrich in this piece in the Portland Herald .
Best part is when he is asked for the basis of his allegation that marriage equality would require schools to " teach gay marriage " or worse , teach explicitly about gay sex .
He says " I would think it would come under the comprehensive family life curriculum that the state of Maine mandates , " He would think ?
They base their whole campaign on the public schools allegation and he does n't know for sure that it is true .
As the piece goes on to explain , it is not true ; there is no " comprehensive family life curriculum " in Maine .
They have been at this for 5 months and no one on their side even bothered to look at the public education law .
http://pressherald.mainetoday.com/story_pf.php?id=282441&ac=
Posted by : Steven | Sep 11 , 2009 2:52:21 PM
I meant to say " No on 1 . " Sorry .
See ... the language * is* confusing .
Again , sorry .
Posted by : Christopher™ | Sep 11 , 2009 5:34:13 PM
Someone should send this into emailsfromcrazypeople.com .
Posted by : Tony | Sep 11 , 2009 9:41:17 PM
They are just trying to profit from hate , that is the whole purpose of the Anti-Gay organizations , profit .
They do n't care about " Traditional Values " they just care about sticking to the status quo with their one minded ideals while at the same time lining their pockets with cash completely unchecked .
Posted by : Mewi | Sep 12 , 2009 7:22:15 PM
My suggestion : all pro-equality people RSVP as ' not attending ' to this event , similarly to the way they did for the Value Voters summit crap .
Send a message loud and clear .
Posted by : Isobel Connell | Sep 13 , 2009 6:59:06 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Methuselah survival times appear to fit a simple inverse exponential sequence .
Lifespans between 1000 ( N - 1 ) and 1000N are about twice as frequent as lifespans between 1000N and 1000 ( N+1 ) -- for a wide range of N. Version 1.03 of the script continuously updates an on - screen table of these frequencies , starting at N=5 .
It is an open question how far this relationship continues , or whether a larger sample will yield a more precise approximation of the curve .
Over the last couple of months , Nathaniel Johnston 's Online Soup Search for Conway 's Life has been hunting for 20x20 random " methuselah " patterns , using a modest - sized distributed network -- a good fraction of the spare CPU cycles of perhaps a dozen computers .
As of the end of August , the conwaylife.com server has tallied the final stabilizations of over 111 million random 20x20 Conway 's Life " soups " , totaling over three billion Life objects ( still - life , oscillator , or spaceship ) .
This is slowly approaching the scale of Achim Flammenkamp 's earlier random - ash census project from a decade and a half ago -- which represented an impressive amount of dedicated CPU time for 1994 .
The longest - lived methuselah found so far by the Online Soup Search is the pattern at right , which lasts over 25,000 ticks before stabilizing .
Previous search efforts have done considerably better -- the record - holder is Andrzej Okrasinski's " Lidka " , found by his " Life Screensaver " Windows software in 2005 , in a run of some 12 billion 20x20 soups -- apparently somewhere near the 3 - billion - soups mark .
Unfortunately , however , the email address given on the website does not appear to be functional , and some compatibility problems have been reported with the screensaver utility in recent versions of Windows .
With current CPU resources , " Lidka " is not likely to be surpassed very quickly .
If the exponential drop in methuselah frequency continues at a similar rate through the next several 1000 - tick " bins " , then a methuselah lasting 30,000 + ticks might be expected to turn up , very roughly , sometime in the next year or two , after several billion soup patterns have been tallied .
This lines up fairly well with the number of soups examined to discover " Lidka " , though of course there are no guarantees that the first 30,000 + methuselah will appear at exactly the " right " time ( statistically speaking ) .
Of course , the time needed to find a new record - breaker will go way down if enough computers join the distributed search effort ...!
by Raul Singh on September 13 , 2009
I grew up in a house where we conserved water , recycled even though it was a pain in the neck in the 1970s , drove small cars and carpooled , tried to buy local and reduce waste .
We were a one trash bag a month family .
My parents voted for Obama , enthusiastically so , and voted for every Democrat they could find .
They still do .
They value human equality , believe government should help the less fortunate , do n’t trust religion in politics , and are very skeptical about anything conservative .
After two decades of being a liberal , I reversed course .
These reasons are why :
Liberalism encouraged selfishness .
Making the individual our highest goal is not conducive to a society having consensus and shared values .
Such a society stops challenging itself and trying to improve , and so stagnates .
Liberalism encouraged a victim mentality .
The constant search for an oppressor , viewing life in this binary of equality / inequality and free / unfree suggests a paranoia by which things happen to us , not us constructing things .
Liberalism could n’t make hard decisions .
It was great if the question was how to hand out government money or who to politically recognize .
But if you had four fire trucks , and five fires , there was no answer — someone immediately raised an objection and debate reached an impasse .
History alarmed me .
From Plato to the French Revolution , to the pre-WWII years and 1968 , liberalism brought instability and infighting .
It left shadows of former great world powers .
Liberalism could not critique its own values .
It was taken for granted that we were the progressives , and everyone else , while equal , was just ignorant .
Once something got added to the dogma , it was not possible to critique it and say maybe we should change direction .
Racism .
Liberal racism takes this form : any group that is wealthy and lives well is , because they are equal like us , merely lucky , and so they owe it to us .
Consequently , liberals hate white middle class heterosexual males , and even hate groups perceived to be elite and wealthy like Jews or Catholics .
Dogma .
In liberal circles , being correct politically and socially took precedence over sound engineering solutions , which I ’ve come to believe in .
I take economics seriously , as I do mathematics , physics , electrical engineering and computer science .
The universe works mathematically and consistently .
Engineering is a way to understand this and make it work for us .
Dogma should not supplant this , but it does among liberal circles .
False elitism .
The self - congratulatory tone of “ progressives ” alarmed me , because I think elitism should be based on accomplishment , not saying the right thing to a group of the converted and having them clap the loudest .
A bad record .
I participated from the sidelines , for twenty years , in every liberal issue that came my way and toed the party line .
After all , the news stories seemed to have facts that supported my view .
While this is a topic for another much longer article , let me say this : none of the predictions came to pass , and none of the solutions worked .
Finally , but most importantly : my liberal friends and I were quietly miserable .
We fought oppression , lived “ progressive ” lifestyles , and hung out with other liberals , but we found it was n’t working for us because the liberalism itself made us neurotic , defensive and unlikely to succeed as a result .
The last point really got to me : if our worldview was not making us happy , and was not achieving its goals , what lay in store for us but lives of quiet desperation paired to an increasingly paranoid ideology ?
My fellow liberals are good people .
But they are confused because liberalism is a bad mental virus .
It is composed of all of the fears of the individual , gathered up and made into a political movement guaranteeing that individual is beyond criticism , which results in social decay through lack of any accord about constructive goals .
For a long time was I not conservative but in the words of the writer Michel Houellebecq , “ anti-liberal . ”
I read Plato , Nietzsche , Schopenhauer , Pascal , Heidegger and Herodotus .
I saw how liberalism was , as Plato pointed out , the stage of decay that turns great nations into third world ones .
Or more significantly : that when liberalism arises , a nation is in decline .
For my next stage , I stopped thinking in terms of bureaucratic solutions , or solutions where we all agree what is right , and then form a government or social group to enforce it on others .
I started thinking in terms of granular solutions , and realized that throughout my life , I had encountered people with their heads “ roughly ” on straight , and then another miscellaneous group of sociopaths , idiots , perverts and opportunists .
Each time I did not confront and drive away a sociopath / etc , they did something destructive later and normal healthy people paid for it .
I began to realize that more than political outlook , what matters is the quality of the individual : how morally alert you are , how intelligent you are , how motivated you are to learn and construct , instead of destroy .
And one group opposed that : liberals .
Liberalism wants us to be equal and not rise above the herd , or oppress others who are “ different , ” even if that different is out of place .
Liberalism is defensive , reactionary and biased against life because in nature , for reasons of the mathematics of the universe , nothing is equal .
Like tadpoles in a summer pool , some are born to wealth and beauty and power ; others are born to squalid ghettoes .
Liberalism hates nature and retaliates against it with equality .
I consider equality to be an insult to my friends and family .
I pick the people I find to be morally good , intelligent and alert ; I ’m not going to pretend they ’re “ equal ” to others , because they rise above the herd of mostly confused and lonely people out there .
That ’s why I love my people .
Even more importantly , liberalism is a focus on outward appearance being more important than function .
The primary ideas of liberalism are pacifism , equality and lack of obligation to state , philosophical or ideological ideals ( outside of liberalism ) .
This encourages people to avoid conflict , and focus only on themselves , which made my friends neurotic , lonely , single , generally alcoholic train wrecks barely under control .
My belief is now that if we stop looking at liberalism as a political philosophy , and start looking at it as a psychological coping mechanism , we can fix the underlying problems that prompt people toward this self - destructive ideology .
Tags : crowdism , liberalism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
So you 'd like to do more volunteering but can't find the time ?
Here 's an easy way to do it :
Donate the spare processing power on your computer via one of the dozens of ongoing volunteer computing projects , many based on open source software called BOINC .
You know , like SETI@home , the well - documented project that uses otherwise idle computing cycles to help " search for extraterrestrial intelligence . "
Here 's a look at 12 cool projects , with thanks to volunteer computing enthusiast Jonathan Brier and UC Berkeley 's David Anderson for their insights .
The Web sites for the various projects typically include stats on how much processing power they 're using , who is volunteering their processors , and so on .
Related stories
Donate Your PC's Spare Time to Help the World
Tap the Power of Your PC to Fight Cancer
PC Grid Powers Search for Smallpox Cure
By James Rodgers
BBC News
The 2008 parade came months before Russian troops rolled into Georgia Richer , stronger , prouder : in May 2008 , Russia revived its tradition of parading military hardware across Red Square .
Three months later , its forces rolled into Georgia .
The fighting lasted less than a week .
It seemed to be a swift and stunning victory for the Russian army .
Doubts soon emerged .
" There were some failures which I do n't think were expected , in the way that Russian forces performed , " said Christopher Langton , the senior fellow for conflict at the International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS ) in London .
" Particularly in the air force : they lost seven aircraft to a not particularly well - developed air defence system in Georgia , and I think that surprised a lot of people . "
Communication problems
There were other , even more basic , shortcomings .
Alexander Golts , a military correspondent since the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan 30 years ago , picked out the example of a senior officer unable to communicate orders .
The life of those who serve can be nasty , brutish , and short - even in peacetime
In pictures : Russia 's V - Day parade Pomp and pride on show in Moscow " This general asked some journalist who was near him to borrow his mobile phone , just to give command to his officers , " he said .
" Russian military radio stations are more or less useless in mountains . "
It is now clear that this was not the straightforwardly successful campaign which the Russian army initially described .
The Russian Defence Ministry did not reply to the BBC 's request for an interview for this story but , speaking at a news conference ahead of the anniversary of the war , the deputy chief of the Russian general staff admitted to weaknesses .
" Of course , the Russian armed forces taking part in this conflict showed that not all is well with us , " said Colonel General Anatoly Nogovitsyn .
" First and foremost , there were technical problems . "
Radical reform So Russia 's reaction to its victory was not simply backslapping and celebration .
Politicians and generals alike realised that things needed to improve .
" Just after the war ended , the Ministry of Defence speeded up the most radical military reform in the last 50 years , " said Mr Golts .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" This war showed that the Russian army is still rather mighty , but nevertheless , it 's old fashioned .
It can not answer the challenges of modernisation . "
Those challenges amount to more than just modernising equipment .
Despite suggestions in the 1990s that the Russian army would eventually become a professional force , it still relies largely on conscription .
The life of those who serve can be nasty , brutish , and short - even in peacetime .
In 2008 , 471 Russian soldiers died in non-combat incidents .
Suicide accounted for almost half of the deaths .
Nato threat ?
Masha Lipman , an expert on Russian society and the regions at the Carnegie Moscow Centre , highlights bullying - or " hazing " - as a frequent factor .
A look at the Russian army beyond public parades and politicians ' pronouncements reveals an institution beset by problems
" The worst problem of all in this conscription army is the threat to human life , as a result first and foremost of brutal hazing , which every year results in numerous deaths , suicides , and mutilations , " she said .
" As a result , those who can avoid draft avoid - and there are various tricks and bribery is one of them - but those who cannot usually end up being those who are not well educated , those from the provinces , those from poor families , sometimes undernourished , sometimes not very healthy . "
The official rhetoric in Russia concentrates not on this , but on a perceived threat from Nato .
At the same time , the reform programme that was speeded up after last August 's campaign in South Ossetia actually foresees a massive reduction in troop numbers .
" We have 355,000 officers ' positions , " explained Mr Golts .
" The defence ministry wants to cut this number to 150,000 . "
In that context , he was dismissive of frequent pronouncements from Russian leaders that the country faces a threat from Nato .
" It means that all this militarist rhetoric which [ President Dmitry ] Medvedev and [ Prime Minister Vladimir ]
Putin like so much , about Nato that moves towards our borders , about all global adversaries , is just militarist rhetoric , " said Mr Golts .
Beset by problems
That gap between rhetoric and reality is echoed in a division between politicians and commanders .
The former are seeking to implement change .
Many of the latter are less enthusiastic .
Christopher Langton believes that jeopardizes the chances of progress .
Last year 's war against Georgia was not a straightforward victory " At the moment it is the president and the minister of defence who are beginning to make progress , " he said .
" But of course when this happens in Russia , it has to be accompanied by investment in defence , and investment in defence is now hampered by an economy that is n't growing at the rate it was growing .
" So there are some very big difficulties facing the reform programmes . "
Russia still has a formidable nuclear arsenal .
In that sense , it is a major military power .
But a look at the Russian army beyond public parades and politicians ' pronouncements reveals an institution beset by problems of equipment , morale and discontent .
Western headline writers ' tales of the bold Russian bear do not tell the full story .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A REGIONAL PARTY ….
I was looking over the new results from the weekly Research 2000 poll conducted for Daily Kos .
Most of the results are about what we ’ve come to expect — President Obama ’s ratings are more favorable than unfavorable ( 55 % to 38 % ) ; neither congressional caucus is popular , though Dems are more than twice as popular as Republicans ( 39 % to 18 % ) , and the Democratic Party has a 41 % favorable rating to the GOP ’s 23 % .
But I also like looking at these numbers when broken down by region .
I put together this chart , for example , showing Republican Party favorability in the Northeast , South , Midwest , and West .
While about a fourth of the country overall has a positive impression of the GOP , it ’s hard not to notice that the party ’s strength seems to rest in one specific part of the country .
In case anyone ’s having trouble reading the visual , the Republican Party ’s favorability is very weak in Northeast ( 7 % to 87 % ) , and only marginally better in the Midwest ( 13 % to 78 % ) and West ( 14 % to 75 % ) .
In the South , however , 50 % have a favorable opinion of the GOP , and only 37 % have an unfavorable view .
Time will tell how the electorate responds to changing economic circumstances , the debate over health care reform , etc. , and I can very easily imagine Democrats taking a drubbing in the midterms .
But it seems the Republican Party would be in a much more competitive position — in the short and long term — if its base was n’t centered in just one region .
Michele Perchonok sat contemplating a shrink - wrapped brick of freeze - dried mac and cheese just outside the test kitchen at NASA ’s Johnson Space Center .
The dish has been served countless times on the space shuttle and International Space Station .
When astronauts are so far from home , this is the comfort food they crave .
But this particular entree wo n’t be on the menu when astronauts blast off for Mars , scheduled for some time about 2030 .
The see - through package is n’t impervious to moisture and oxygen , so the pasta could spoil before it can be eaten .
Simple alternatives , like foil packages , are out of the question :
They are too heavy .
“ We ’d like to have that solved by 2015 or 2016 , ” said Perchonok , NASA ’s manager of advanced food technology .
It ’s just one of many issues her staff of 15 food lab scientists must ponder as they come up with a menu that ’s light enough , nutritious enough , tasty enough and durable enough to withstand a years - long mission to the Red Planet .
There are plenty of technological hurdles NASA must overcome before it sends humans into interplanetary space .
Aeronautical engineers will have to control the Ares 1 launch vehicle ’s tendency to shake violently during liftoff .
Usability experts must design more nimble spacesuits .
Materials scientists will need to develop a substance to absorb the intense heat the Orion crew vehicle will generate as it barrels through Earth ’s atmosphere at 25,000 mph .
The food technology team ’s task may not be rocket science , but it is daunting in its own way , and just as crucial to the mission ’s success .
Imagine having to pack more than 6,570 breakfasts , lunches , snacks and dinners all at once -- enough meals to feed six people every day for more than three years .
Imagine preparing all these meals with an allotment of 3.2 pounds of food per person per day , about one - third less than the average American eats each day on Earth .
Imagine that each dish needs to have a five - year shelf life .
And imagine having to transport all the meals to a dining table 55 million miles away , where cooking equipment will be rudimentary at best .
Perchonok betrays no hint of panic .
Designing a menu for Mars is simply a scientific problem to be solved like any other .
“ We will get there , because we wo n’t fly if we ca n’t do it , and I do n’t want to be the person responsible for that , ” she said .
Think astronaut food and you ’re likely to conjure up images of freeze - dried ice cream or Tang ( which was invented by General Mills Corp. , not NASA ) .
The first American forays into space were n’t long enough to bother with food .
When flights got longer , early astronauts were treated to a delicacy originally developed for pilots of U2 spy planes .
“ It was like a toothpaste container with a vegetable puree -- jar baby food , basically , ” said Paul Lachance , a retired Rutgers University professor of nutrition and food science who worked on NASA ’s astronaut feeding program in the 1960s .
Some of the scientific questions on the early flights were basic .
“ Would stuff float , or go down the wrong tube ? ” Lachance said .
“ They wanted to see that you did n’t choke . ”
By the time of the Apollo missions , meals resembled actual food : dehydrated sausage patties and fruit cocktail for breakfast , say , and spaghetti with meat sauce for dinner .
Today , space cuisine is more sophisticated .
Favorite dishes on shuttle and space station missions include freeze - dried shrimp cocktail , irradiated beef fajitas and shelf - stable cherry - blueberry cobbler .
Yet some mundane foods remain beyond the reach of NASA ’s kitchen wizards .
They ca n’t concoct a zero - gravity pizza because the crust would need to be preserved differently than the toppings .
Nor can they make a cheesecake that survives the preservation process without hardening .
Tastiness is a high priority , but food safety is the paramount concern for astronauts beyond the reach of advanced medical care .
NASA has multiple strategies for keeping food edible for up to two years , as required for the space station .
Cooked items are placed in a flexible foil - and - laminate package and thermostabilized in an industrial pressure cooker .
Heat from the process destroys microorganisms and makes the package shelf - stable , like canned food .
Irradiation is used to make meat dishes safe to store at room temperature for up to two years .
Freeze - drying food deprives bacteria and other bugs the water they need to multiply .
That type of food works well on the shuttle because the spacecraft ’s fuel cells produce water as a byproduct .
But water will be in short supply on Mars , making that technology much less practical .
And the food to be sent to Mars will need a much longer shelf life .
It will take at least six to eight months to fly there when Earth and Mars are at their closest , and astronauts would probably sojourn on the Red Planet for a year and a half so that they can head home when the planets are once again close by .
If NASA decides to send food ahead of time in a separate capsule , the meals will have to last five years .
Some items from the space station menu might remain safe to eat for that long .
But none are likely to remain appetizing .
The Maillard reaction , a chemical interaction between amino acids and sugars , turns foods brown , even inside a can or other package .
Or a small amount of air can trigger oxidation , which turns food rancid and degrades vitamins and minerals .
If any water gets into a meal pouch , it can boost microbiological activity and alter the food ’s color , flavor and texture .
“ There ’s going to be chemistry in there , ” Perchonok said .
To slow the inevitable chemical reactions , NASA is seeking gentler technologies that kill pathogens with less heat so the food takes longer to degrade .
One leading candidate is a sterilization process that relies more on pressure than temperature .
After food is sealed in a pouch , it is heated to a mild 250 degrees for about three minutes .
Then the pouch is placed in a drum , which is then filled with water to induce 100,000 pounds per square inch of pressure for about five minutes -- just long enough to crush the cells of any dangerous microbes lurking inside .
It took nine years for a group of government , academic and industrial researchers to make this water - pressure system effective for low - acid foods , which are particularly hospitable to certain kinds of pathogens .
The Food and Drug Administration ruled in February that the Army could use the process to make home - style mashed potatoes with a shelf life of at least three years .
The potatoes are ready to eat as soon as the package is opened .
“ Now that we ’ve got that system down , we can look for other products where we can do the same thing , ” said Stephen Moody , who leads development of individual combat rations at the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Research Development and Engineering Center in Massachusetts and often shares expertise with NASA .
Another promising technology combines microwave radiation with heat from water to sterilize food pouches in five to eight minutes instead of the usual 40 to 60 .
Food tastes fresher and lasts longer because it is subjected to high heat for much less time .
Scientists at Natick and Washington State University have used the method to create another version of mashed potatoes , which the FDA is reviewing .
They ’re working on macaroni and cheese and chicken and dumplings .
These technologies require new packaging materials that do n’t fray under high pressure .
Foil pouches are no good in microwave sterilizers , are heavy to lift into space and will leave ash behind if they are incinerated on the Martian surface .
But whatever the team comes up with will have to protect food from air and water just as effectively .
Tom Oziomek , the packaging scientist in Perchonok ’s group , is testing a new type of polyethylene material coated in aluminum - oxide nanoparticles that was developed for use in the pharmaceutical industry .
The aluminum oxide layer has many of the same useful barrier properties as foil .
The high - tech plastic can protect food for up to 18 months -- sufficient for a lunar excursion , perhaps , but not a trip to Mars .
“ This material is probably 80 % there , ” Oziomek said .
It ’s not yet clear whether astronauts on Mars will use a shuttle - style galley , where meals are prepared by adding cold water , adding hot water , or heating in a makeshift oven .
A simple bread maker might be included , or a multipurpose device that could turn soybeans into oil or tofu and transform wheat into pasta and breakfast cereal , Perchonok said .
Only after the right preservation and packaging technologies are found can the food scientists get down to the business of recalibrating old recipes and creating new ones .
Their lab resembles a home economics classroom , except that it is outfitted with specialized equipment like a vacuum moisture analyzer , a pH meter , a colorimeter , a texture analyzer , a viscometer and a huge shelf - life testing chamber .
Perchonok said she anticipated that recipe reformulation would begin in 2013 .
In the meantime , scientists are weighing the pros and cons of supplementing packaged meals with fresh fruits and vegetables .
NASA first grew plants in space in the 1960s , and a team at Kennedy Space Center in Florida has been developing a domed chamber in which astronauts could raise crops like lettuce , tomatoes , carrots and green onions hydroponically .
“ That would really add to the quality of life and acceptability of the diet , ” said Ray Wheeler , the plant physiologist in charge of the project .
Perchonok acknowledged her team might fall short of some of its goals .
But this being NASA , there ’s always a Plan B .
If there ’s just no way to eliminate the need for heavy foil pouches , for instance , the team will stress their versatility to mission planners -- as bags to store Martian soil samples , Perchonok said .
“ Or , ” she added , “ dirty laundry . ”
On London 's Surveillance Cameras
A recent report has concluded that the London ’s surveillance cameras have solved one crime per thousand cameras per year .
David Davis MP , the former shadow home secretary , said : “ It should provoke a long overdue rethink on where the crime prevention budget is being spent . ”
He added : “ CCTV leads to massive expense and minimum effectiveness .
“ It creates a huge intrusion on privacy , yet provides little or no improvement in security .
Also :
Earlier this year separate research commissioned by the Home Office suggested that the cameras had done virtually nothing to cut crime , but were most effective in preventing vehicle crimes in car parks .
A report by a House of Lords committee also said that £ 500 million was spent on new cameras in the 10 years to 2006 , money which could have been spent on street lighting or neighbourhood crime prevention initiatives .
A large proportion of the cash has been
In London , where an estimated £ 200 million so far has been spent on the cameras .
This suggests that each crime has cost £ 20,000 to detect .
I have n’t seen the report , but I know it ’s hard to figure out when a crime has been “ solved ” by a surveillance camera .
To me , the crime has to have been unsolvable without the cameras .
Repeatedly I see pro-camera lobbyists pointing to the surveillance - camera images that identified the 7/7 London Transport bombers , but it is obvious that they would have been identified even without the cameras .
And it would really help my understanding of that £ 20,000 figure ( I assume it is calculated from £ 200 million for the cameras times 1 in 1000 cameras used to solve a crime per year divided by ten years ) if I knew what sorts of crimes the cameras “ solved . ”
If the £ 200 million solved 10,000 murders , it might very well be a good security trade - off .
But my guess is that most of the crimes were of a much lower level .
Cameras are largely security theater :
A Home Office spokeswoman said CCTVs “ help communities feel safer ” .
Posted on August 31 , 2009 at 5:59 AM • 88 Comments
A look back on the winning student projects of Tamayouz 's International Graduation Projects Award
YACademy 's course in Architecture for Heritage offers a rich panel of lectures and internship oportunities .
Learn more about it !
Archtober Returns for its Tenth Year , Celebrating Design and New York City via Hybrid In - Person / Virtual Festival
YACademy 's course in ARCHITECTURE FOR LANDSCAPE offers lectures and internships with BIG , SNØHETTA , MICHELE DE LUCCHI
Searching for an Internship ?
CHIPPERFIELD , SEJIMA , TRESOLDI : discover internships and lectures of " Architecture for Heritage " 2020 edition
Looking for an internship ?
Discover YACademy " ARCHITECTURE FOR LANDSCAPE " lectures and internships ; Snohetta , BIG , Michele De Lucchi and more
Iceland Cave Tower - advance registration deadline is approaching !
YOGA HOUSE ON A CLIFF advance registration deadline is approaching !
ESSAY COMPETITION : What is Sustainable Architecture ?
advance registration deadline is approaching !
Cambodia Remote Hideout Huts competition advance registration deadline is approaching !
Bank of England rate - setters doused hopes of a rapid recovery today after a surprise move to pump an extra £ 50bn into the flagging economy .
The decision - taking quantitative easing efforts to boost the money supply to £ 175 bn - is the clearest sign yet that policymakers think the UK is still deep in the mire .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The move confounds speculation before the Monetary Policy Committee 's ( MPC ) latest meeting that QE could be paused amid encouraging signs from industry as well as rising house prices .
But the MPC , which also left interest rates unchanged at their 0.5 per cent record low , said the recession " appears to be deeper than previously thought " .
Rate - setters called financial conditions " fragile " , and warned that growth in the money supply - which it hopes will boost the economy - " remains weak " .
Official estimates showed a disappointing 0.8 per cent fall in output during the second quarter of this year , while figures also showed a £ 14.7 bn fall in loans to businesses - hampering recovery .
" Though there are signs that credit conditions may have started to ease , lending to business has fallen and spreads on bank loans remain elevated , " the Bank said .
Despite the stimulus moves from the MPC and a weaker pound , it added : " The need for banks to continue repairing their balance sheets is likely to restrict the availability of credit , and past falls in asset prices and high levels of debt may weigh on spending . "
Royal Bank of Scotland head of economics Stephen Boyle said the MPC had " decided it is better to be safe than sorry " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" This tells us that the committee believes the economy remains in intensive care , " he said .
The FTSE 100 Index shrugged off the surprise decision to continue its recent run higher , although the pound lost almost two cents against the dollar .
In an exchange of letters with Bank Governor Mervyn King , Chancellor Alistair Darling agreed to increase the QE threshold to £ 175bn .
Richard Lambert , director - general of the CBI business group , said : " This must have been a finely balanced decision .
The economic outlook has brightened a little in recent weeks , which might have argued for a pause . "
But Corin Taylor , senior policy adviser at the Institute of Directors , also warned of the danger of " overshooting " with QE .
" The risk of inflation further out means that some caution is still necessary .
Right now the economy needs all the monetary support it can get , but at some point QE will have to be reversed , " he said .
The MPC is charged with keeping Consumer Price Index inflation at 2 per cent and its decision will have been made with reference to the Bank 's latest forecasts , which are published next week .
CPI fell below the 2 per cent target for the first time in almost two years in June at 1.8 per cent - but is expected to fall further still , and today 's move signals a much bigger push is needed to get it back to the target .
" While some recovery in output growth is in prospect , the margin of spare capacity in the economy is likely to continue to grow for some while yet , bearing down on inflation in the medium term , " the Bank said .
The committee 's caution underlines how a weak banking sector could yet weigh on recovery as the supply side of the economy is restricted by lower lending levels .
Despite £ 6bn in combined profits from HSBC and Barclays on Monday , Lloyds Banking Group and nationalised Northern Rock have reported losses of £ 4bn and £ 724 million respectively .
According to official estimates , the UK economy has now shrunk by 5.7 per cent since the first quarter of 2008 .
This is more than double the depth of the early 1990s ' recession and approaching the level of the slump seen in the early 1980s .
Poker Hand Data Set
Download : Data Folder , Data Set Description Abstract : Purpose is to predict poker hands Data Set Characteristics : Multivariate Number of Instances : 1025010 Area : Game Attribute Characteristics : Categorical , Integer Number of Attributes : 11 Date Donated 2007 - 01-01 Associated Tasks : Classification Missing Values ?
No Number of Web Hits : 616011
Source : Creators :
Robert Cattral ( cattral ' @ ' gmail.com )
Franz Oppacher ( oppacher ' @ ' scs.carleton.ca )
Carleton University , Department of Computer Science
Intelligent Systems Research Unit
1125 Colonel By Drive , Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , K1S5B6
Data Set Information : Each record is an example of a hand consisting of five playing cards drawn from a standard deck of 52 .
Each card is described using two attributes ( suit and rank ) , for a total of 10 predictive attributes .
There is one Class attribute that describes the " Poker Hand " .
The order of cards is important , which is why there are 480 possible Royal Flush hands as compared to 4 ( one for each suit - explained in [ Web Link ] ) .
Attribute Information : 1 ) S1 " Suit of card # 1 "
Ordinal ( 1 - 4 ) representing { Hearts , Spades , Diamonds , Clubs}
2 ) C1 " Rank of card # 1 "
Numerical ( 1 - 13 ) representing ( Ace , 2 , 3 , ... , Queen , King )
3 ) S2 " Suit of card # 2 "
Ordinal ( 1 - 4 ) representing { Hearts , Spades , Diamonds , Clubs}
4 ) C2 " Rank of card # 2 "
Numerical ( 1 - 13 ) representing ( Ace , 2 , 3 , ... , Queen , King )
5 ) S3 " Suit of card # 3 "
Ordinal ( 1 - 4 ) representing { Hearts , Spades , Diamonds , Clubs}
6 ) C3 " Rank of card # 3 "
Numerical ( 1 - 13 ) representing ( Ace , 2 , 3 , ... , Queen , King )
7 ) S4 " Suit of card # 4 "
Ordinal ( 1 - 4 ) representing { Hearts , Spades , Diamonds , Clubs}
8 ) C4 " Rank of card # 4 "
Numerical ( 1 - 13 ) representing ( Ace , 2 , 3 , ... , Queen , King )
9 ) S5 " Suit of card # 5 "
Ordinal ( 1 - 4 ) representing { Hearts , Spades , Diamonds , Clubs}
10 ) C5 " Rank of card 5 "
Numerical ( 1 - 13 ) representing ( Ace , 2 , 3 , ... , Queen , King )
11 ) CLASS " Poker Hand "
Ordinal ( 0 - 9 )
0 : Nothing in hand ; not a recognized poker hand
1 : One pair ; one pair of equal ranks within five cards
2 : Two pairs ; two pairs of equal ranks within five cards
3 : Three of a kind ; three equal ranks within five cards
4 : Straight ; five cards , sequentially ranked with no gaps
5 : Flush ; five cards with the same suit
6 : Full house ; pair + different rank three of a kind
7 : Four of a kind ; four equal ranks within five cards
8 : Straight flush ; straight + flush
9 : Royal flush ; { Ace , King , Queen , Jack , Ten} + flush
Relevant Papers : R. Cattral , F. Oppacher , D. Deugo .
Evolutionary Data Mining with Automatic Rule Generalization .
Recent Advances in Computers , Computing and Communications , pp.296-300 , WSEAS
Press , 2002 .
Note :
This was a slightly different dataset that had more classes , and was considerably more difficult .
Citation Request : Please refer to the Machine Learning Repository 's citation policy
A reader writes :
( Photo : Sarah Palin supporters at a campaign rally last autumn , by Jewel Samad / AFP / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Wahldebakel Steinmeier verzichtet auf SPD - Parteivorsitz
Umbruch in der SPD - Parteispitze : Franz Müntefering gibt den Vorsitz ab , der gescheiterte Kanzlerkandidat Frank - Walter Steinmeier verzichtet auf das Amt. Nun könnte der Weg für Sigmar Gabriel frei sein .
Auch Steinbrück und Heil kandidieren nicht mehr für ihre Posten .
* Photo : Andrew Zbihlyj * Most occupations require people skills .
But for some , a preternatural capacity for concentration and near - total recall matter more .
Those jobs , entrepreneur Thorkil Sonne says , could use a little autism .
Sonne reached this conclusion six years ago , after his youngest son was diagnosed with the mysterious developmental disorder .
" At first I was in agony and despair , " he recalls .
" Then came the thought of what happens when he grows up . "
In Sonne 's native Denmark , as elsewhere , autistics are typically considered unemployable .
But Sonne worked in IT , a field more suited to people with autism and related conditions like Asperger 's syndrome .
" As a general view , they have excellent memory and strong attention to detail .
They are persistent and good at following structures and routines , " he says .
In other words , they 're born software engineers .
In 2004 , Sonne quit his job at a telecom firm and founded Specialisterne ( Danish for " Specialists " ) , an IT consultancy that hires mostly people with autism - spectrum disorders .
Its nearly 60 consultants ferret out software errors for companies like Microsoft and Cisco Systems .
Recently , the firm has expanded into other detail - centered work — like keeping track of Denmark 's fiber - optic network , so crews laying new lines do n't accidentally cut old ones .
Turning autism into a selling point does require a little extra effort : Specialisterne employees typically complete a five - month training course , and clients must be prepared for a somewhat unusual working relationship .
But once on the job , the consultants stay focused beyond the point when most minds go numb .
As a result , they make far fewer mistakes .
One client who hired Specialisterne workers to do data entry found that they were five to 10 times more precise than other contractors .
Sonne recently handed off day - to - day operations to start a foundation dedicated to spreading his business model .
Already , companies inspired by Specialisterne have sprouted in Sweden , the Netherlands , and Belgium .
Similar efforts are planned for Iceland and Scotland .
" This is not cheap labor , and it 's not occupational therapy , " he says .
" We simply do a better job . "
Wired 's Smart List 2009 12 Shocking Ideas That Could Change the World The Truth About Autism : Scientists Reconsider What They Think They Know
A Researcher 's Puzzles Point to the Differences in the Autistic Brain
Simon Johnson , a professor of entrepreneurship at M.I.T. ’s Sloan School of Management , is the former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund .
What is finance ?
At one level and in most economics textbooks , this is an easy question with a rather encouraging answer .
The financial sector connects savers and borrowers — providing “ intermediation services . ”
You want to save for retirement and would obviously like your savings to earn a respectable rate of return .
I have a business idea but not enough money to make it happen by myself .
So you put your money in the bank and the bank makes me a loan .
Or I issue securities — stocks and bonds — that you or your pension fund can buy .
In this view , finance is win -win for everyone involved .
And financial flows of some kind are essential to any modern economy – at least since 1800 , finance has played an important role in America ’s economic development .
Unfortunately , 200 years of experience with real - world finance reveal that it also has at least three serious pathologies — features that can go seriously wrong and derail an economy .
First , the financial sector often acquires or aspires to political power .
The fact that banks have a great deal of cash on hand always makes it easy or tempting to buy some political favors , and to obtain privilege and power for big financial enterprises .
President Andrew Jackson had exactly this struggle with the Second Bank of the United States in the 1830s .
Second , the financial sector can obtain disproportionate power over industry .
The “ money trust ” idea of the early 20th century may have been somewhat exaggerated — money cannot be corralled as effectively by private players as can , say , copper or steel — but there is no doubt that 100 years ago , Wall Street banks dominated the process of consolidating railroads and of creating pernicious industrial trusts .
Trust - busting required taking on the country ’s most powerful financiers .
Third , finance can also go crazy , running up speculative frenzies .
This is what happened the 1920s , leading to the Great Crash of 1929 and the struggle to effectively constrain finance during and after the long , depressed 1930s .
Which kind of financial sector pathologies do we face today ?
Unfortunately : all of the above .
And , not just in nature but also in size , we face a financial sector much more potentially debilitating than anything stared down by Jackson , Teddy Roosevelt or Franklin Roosevelt .
In our previous showdowns with finance , the sector was small .
During the 19th century , the value of financial intermediation services was no more than 1 or 2 percent of gross domestic product , and in the early 20th century , the extent to which real resources — including talented people — were drawn into this sector remained very limited .
J.P. Morgan , in his heyday , had great economic and political power , but he never employed more than 100 people .
With the growth of a much bigger and more diversified economy after World War II , there was some increase in financial activity as a share of G.D.P. , but the really big jump came after the deregulation of the 1980s .
Just a few years ago , finance accounted for an astonishing — and unprecedented for the United States — 40 percent of all corporate profits , and even today the sector generates around 7 percent of what we measure as G.D.P. ( for more numbers over time , see this presentation . )
Even ardent defenders of finance now concede that the sector may or even should end up significantly smaller as a share of the economy .
But at current scale , the financial sector has great ability , through political donations and other means , to maintain its lightly regulated environment .
Note that there is nothing ( other than the proposed consumer protection agency for financial products ) to which the industry has ever objected in the administration ’s financial reform proposals .
And yet the amount of risk - taking that this sector can pursue remains mind - boggling , and its ability to “ put ” the cost of big failed bets onto the government is undiminished .
Financial “ innovation ” remains mad and bad , and when it all goes wrong — you know who gets the bill .
The implications for your future taxes and job security are not good .
We need finance , but finance as it currently operates in the United States has become a problem .
Yet , with the headline numbers for the economy beginning to improve , the impetus for any real reform of this sector — within the United States or internationally — starts to fade .
The likely future is : more of the same , at least until we find a Jackson or a Roosevelt .
A launch in the UK has been much anticipated following the website 's huge success in the US , where it has attracted more than 24 million users a month .
Hulu users can watch episodes and clips of popular TV programmes and films from a range of broadcasters via the internet .
It is usually saltwater crocodiles that force the closure of popular swimming areas in the Northern Territory .
But Darwin City Council has decided to close one in the Top End capital because of the danger posed by a large fish which recently bit a woman on the foot .
The woman suffered minor lacerations as a result of the incident , which occurred at Lake Alexander in the Darwin suburb of East Point .
" Instances where large fish are a problem in the lake are very rare , but when they occur we must act to ensure the safety of the community , " the council 's chief executive , Brendan Dowd , said .
The lake will be closed on Wednesday and Thursday this week so that council officers can remove the large fish .
Mr Dowd says traps and long lines will be set and all efforts will be made to capture the fish alive so they can be released into the ocean .
The government 's food spend is expected to rise
At least 38 % of Indians live in extreme poverty , according to a new report by a government committee .
The committee , headed by economist SD Tendulkar , considered education , health and sanitation indicators to arrive at the new figure .
The figure is more than 10 % higher than the current official poverty estimate of 27.5 % .
If the new estimate is accepted , government spending to alleviate poverty may have to greatly increase .
Since 1972 , poverty has been defined on the basis of the money required to buy food worth 2,100 calories in urban areas and 2,400 calories in rural areas .
According to the current estimates , the number of poor in India is approximately 297 million .
The new estimate will classify an additional 110 million people as living in poverty , says the BBC Hindi service 's Shyam Sundar .
This would mean the government will have to spend an additional $ 1.9bn on ensuring food security to the poor , our correspondent adds .
In the last four years , the Indian government has spent $ 31.19bn on poverty alleviation schemes .
Poverty figures and the methods of compiling them are mired in controversy in India .
A report by India 's rural development ministry earlier this year said at least half of Indian population lived in poverty .
Another report in 2007 estimated the number of poor at 77 % of the total population .
The Indian government has not accepted the two reports .
TMZ.com is reporting that WWE Hall of Fame wrestler , “ Rowdy ” Roddy Piper was arrested last night for a DUI .
Roddy Piper reportedly failed a field sobriety test when he was pulled over by LAPD .
He is currently in jail on $ 5,000 bail .
Roddy has been very public about his battles with drugs and alcohol .
Piper had a notorious reputation for his partying lifestyle in his pro wrestling days .
Les
Thatcher once told a story on my radio show about Piper practically dead for partying for 24 hours and turning it on once the camera light went on .
Unfortunately Piper ’s wrestling lifestyle seemed to follow him into retirement .
Piper also made the news last year on TMZ thanks to a video .
TMZ.com posted a video of Piper smoking a bong with some fans .
Piper is a cancer survivor and likely smoked a lot of marijuana during therapy .
Piper got a bit of a pass on this one .
Piper most recently returned to the wrestling ring back in April .
Piper was part of a Gauntlet Match against Chris Jericho at WrestleMania 25 .
Piper wrestled in the first WrestleMania main - event teaming with Paul Orndorff against Hulk Hogan and Mr. T. Piper has wrestled sporadically over the last several years for the WWE .
The arrest comes at a bad time for Hot Rod .
Roddy recently landed the lead part in an upcoming movie .
Piper had landed a lead part in “ The Opponent . ”
The movie was scheduled to begin filming in less than a week in Berlin .
The arrest could pose a serious problem for Piper if he is not allowed to leave the country .
Piper is part of a large class of pro wrestlers that find it difficult to adjust to life after pro wrestling .
Guys like Piper who wrestled in the 70s and 80s lived a life of 24 - hour partying and a crazy travel schedule .
It has been incredibly difficult for guys like Piper and Ric Flair to turn it off as they get older .
No word on whether Ace will help plan an escape .
Order the WWE – Born to Controversy : The Roddy Piper Story DVD by clicking here .
Order the WWE : Legends of Wrestling 1 DVD featuring Roddy Piper by clicking here .
Order the Ric Flair and Roddy Piper Roundtable Discussion DVD by clicking here .
From the ring to your wall – WWE REAL .
BIG Wall Graphics on sale now at Fat Head !
Check out all our WWE DVD releases and EXCLUSIVE DVD packages at WWEShop !
Check out all of the latest DVDs and more at The Camel Clutch Blog ’s official Amazon store by clicking here .
Headlocks and Eye Gouges – I will be back on Pro Wrestling Radio , Wednesday July 8 at 7 PM / EST .
Listen live and ask your questions from the chat room by clicking here .
Listen to last week ’s 45 - minute uncensored interview with Rob Van Dam on Pro Wrestling Radio by clicking here .
( Visited 173 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
WASHINGTON 
Two economists with longstanding ties to the Federal Reserve warned Congress on Thursday that it would be a mistake to make the Fed a super - regulator in charge of reining in “ systemic risk ” and financial institutions considered “ too big to fail . ”
In what is shaping up as a political battle over a crucial part of President Obama ’s plan to overhaul financial regulation , the economists told a House panel that the Fed had consistently failed to recognize financial catastrophes until they were well under way .
“ I do not know of any single clear example in which the Federal Reserve acted in advance to head off a crisis or a series of banking or financial failures , ” said Allan H. Meltzer , professor of political economy at Carnegie Mellon University and the author of a history of the Fed .
In written testimony prepared for the House Financial Services Committee , Mr. Meltzer ticked off a long list of financial crises  the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980s , the savings - and - loan collapse of the early 1990s , the collapse of the dot - com bubble and the recent binge in reckless mortgages  and argued that the Fed had either failed to take preventive action or made things worse .
Frank turns against ACORN
In a stunning turnaround , Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) is distancing himself from ACORN , blasting their response to a string of recent scandals -- and contradicting a staffer who said the congressman would have voted against a GOP - sponsored bill banning the group from federal funding .
In a rambling , contrite , at times bombastic statement to reporters , Frank apologized for " a number of factors , one of which in particular is my own fault , have contributed to my position on ACORN being unclear . "
His " biggest error , " he wrote was signing off on a recent letter -- jointly written with Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) -- requesting that the Congressional Research Service audit the group .
Frank said he " had not thoroughly read " the letter " which does not accurately represent my own position in all aspects . "
Yet later in the statement , Frank seems to imply he still supports the idea of a CRS study , saying , " I cosigned the letter because I do think it is important that we get accurate and complete information on ACORN funding . "
An email requesting clarification from his office were n't immediately returned .
An email sent to ACORN was n't immediately returned .
Last week , Frank 's office reported that he skipped the vote to attend a White House ceremony bestowing the Congressional Medal of Honor on a fallen Massachusetts soldier .
When asked for his position on the bill , Frank 's spokesman said the Financial Services chairman would have voted against the " Defund ACORN Act , ” which passed 345 - 75 .
" [ T ] hrough a misunderstanding with a member of my staff , it was incorrectly reported that I said I would have voted against the motion to defund ACORN , " he said in the statement .
" In fact , I would have voted for the motion at that time .
I am very disappointed in the actions that were taken by members of ACORN , and I do not believe that ACORN ’s response has been adequate for an organization that has received public funding . "
That said , Frank seemed to cast his lot with Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) , who has argued the measure may be unconstitutional by violating Article 1's prohibition on so - called " bills of attainder . "
And he blasted away at Republican critics , who have claimed the embattled group would be eligible for billions in funding under various Obama administration programs .
" The wild claims that ACORN is the potential beneficiary of billions of dollars in programs voted by Congress is similarly a sad example of excessive partisanship , " he wrote .
But Frank reserves his harshest criticism for ACORN , a group he 's long defended .
" I have previously communicated to ACORN my dissatisfaction with their lax supervision of employees and volunteers .
The fact that people who were improperly registered to vote did not actually cast ballots in no way excuses the organization ’s failure to exercise better control in this way .
Further , the motivation of those who went to ACORN offices and initiated the discussions involving prostitution are wholly irrelevant to the fact that ACORN ’s employees ’ actions were outrageous and further indication of an organization that is at best poorly run in many regards .
The defense against sting operations is not to ban them , but to behave properly so that they do not reveal as they did in this case clear evidence of gross impropriety . "
Frank 's entire statement after the jump .
Wednesday , September 23 , 2009
Congressman Barney Frank ’s Statement Regarding ACORN
Congressman Barney Frank today issued the following statement :
A number of factors , one of which in particular is my own fault , have contributed to my position on ACORN being unclear .
My biggest error was to sign a letter to the Congressional Research Service which I had not thoroughly read and which does not accurately represent my own position in all aspects .
Part of the confusion arose from the fact that I had to miss the vote on the motion to cut off funding for ACORN because I was about to enter the White House for a ceremony in which a soldier who had lived in my district before his tragic death was posthumously being awarded the Medal of Honor by President Obama .
And through a misunderstanding with a member of my staff , it was incorrectly reported that I said I would have voted against the motion to defund ACORN .
In fact , I would have voted for the motion at that time .
I am very disappointed in the actions that were taken by members of ACORN , and I do not believe that ACORN ’s response has been adequate for an organization that has received public funding .
There are questions about the constitutionality of Congress passing a law that singles out one organization , but the basic principle that ACORN should not now be receiving public funding is an important one .
I have therefore urged the Obama administration to withhold any additional funding for ACORN at least until there is very firm evidence that the abuses of which ACORN members have been guilty have not only ceased , but that procedures are in place to prevent them from happening again .
I have previously communicated to ACORN my dissatisfaction with their lax supervision of employees and volunteers .
The fact that people who were improperly registered to vote did not actually cast ballots in no way excuses the organization ’s failure to exercise better control in this way .
Further , the motivation of those who went to ACORN offices and initiated the discussions involving prostitution are wholly irrelevant to the fact that ACORN ’s employees ’ actions were outrageous and further indication of an organization that is at best poorly run in many regards .
The defense against sting operations is not to ban them , but to behave properly so that they do not reveal as they did in this case clear evidence of gross impropriety .
I cosigned the letter because I do think it is important that we get accurate and complete information on ACORN funding .
While I share , as I have indicated , the criticism of ACORN , I very much disagree with the partisanship that has entered into this .
ACORN was the recipient of funding throughout the Bush administration , with $ 14.2 million going from the Bush administration to ACORN through HUD .
And I can attest that this was an entirely Executive Branch decision :
No congressional action in any way , shape or form required that any of these funds go to ACORN as opposed to other organization .
And I do not remember during the period from 2001 to 2006 when the Republicans controlled the White House , HUD , the House and the Senate , and ACORN was receiving millions of dollars , any Republican objection to this .
The wild claims that ACORN is the potential beneficiary of billions of dollars in programs voted by Congress is similarly a sad example of excessive partisanship .
At no point has the House voted to direct any funds to ACORN .
We have passed programs to provide funding for housing counseling , and for the acquisition of foreclosed property by cities .
ACORN has never been mentioned in these .
It is true that , for example during the Bush administration , ACORN received millions of dollars from HUD for housing counseling .
But I do not think that ACORN has received any funding for the purchase of foreclosed property , which in any case would have been the decision of state and local governments , which are the dispensers of these funds .
It is important for the public to know , given what has been made public about these activities , what funds ACORN has received , under what authority , in what administration etc .
It was for that reason that I signed the letter of request and I will continue to press for that information .
I have asked Subcommittee Chairman Dennis Moore of the Oversight Committee of the Committee on Financial Services to be ready to hold a hearing on this question when those figures are made available to us .
And I reiterate that my own view is that the appropriate response here would be to have the Obama administration continue what it began with regard to the Census and withhold any funding or authority from ACORN pending a very serious examination of their past behavior and significant changes regarding the future .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
Explaining separation to children is difficult and coping with the divorce as a woman is even harder .
As the divorce rate grows high and higher , divorce is becoming more popular in surprising demographics – namely older couples with 15 + years of marriage and grown children .
Unfortunately , the children in these situations are often overlooked .
Most divorce research deals with addressing young children who may have trouble making sense of the situation due to their lack of life experience .
Here are a few steps for coping as an adult child of divorce :
One of the hardest parts of coping with divorce as an adult child is questioning the memories you have of your parent ’s relationship and your childhood .
You may find yourself going over memories of your past , wondering whether your parents were really happy , or if they were already considering divorce at that point .
If your relationship with one or both of your parents is strong enough , you might try asking them to explain when they first decided to divorce .
It may be hard to hear , but it will stop the constant stream of questions running through your mind .
Interestingly enough , adult children may find themselves going through one of the classic behaviors typically identified in younger children – attempting to get the parents back together again .
If you ’re an older child still living at home , you may find yourself setting up “ chance ” encounters for your parents or discouraging behaviors you believe led to the divorce .
Do n’t worry too much about this – over time , this should pass naturally as you begin to accept the reality of your parent ’s situation .
As your parents go through a divorce , you ’ll surely notice that your relationships with them are changing .
It can be difficult to see your parents going through the petty bickering and posturing that are all too common in a divorce .
You may suddenly see your parents in a new light – one that is n’t necessarily flattering .
The most important thing you can do for yourself is to remember that this is a challenging time for your parents and that we all deal with stressful situations in different ways .
Just be careful not to let yourself get caught in the middle !
Finally , do n’t automatically rule out seeking the advice of a professional therapist or psychologist .
Seeing a “ shrink ” has a certain stigma in our society , but sharing your feelings with a neutral third - party can be extremely helpful when your parents are going through a divorce .
Watching your parents divorce can be difficult , especially if one of your parents was the one you turned to for guidance and advice .
A therapist can help you sort through these feelings in a safe environment when you feel like you have no where else to go .
Watching your parents divorce is difficult at any age – but the problems faced by adult children of divorce are often overlooked in comparison to those of younger children .
Coping with this situation is extremely difficult , as it may shatter many of the beliefs you previously held about your parents .
You ’ll get through it , but do n’t be afraid to seek professional help when necessary to cope with some of the stress you ’ll encounter in this situation .
Coping With Divorce As An Adult
Here are 5 pitfalls , in particular , that you avoid during this process .
State police in Wolcott say a man made up a fish story to impress his girlfriend .
Problem is , the story prompted rescue efforts on Lake Ontario and resulted in him being charged with a crime .
Troopers say Bryan Arquitt , 20 , of Fair Haven and his brother - in - law had gone fishing Sunday but returned when they discovered the water was rough .
Arquitt called his girlfriend from his cell phone and told her his boat had capsized and he and the brother - in - law were in the water in Little Sodus Bay .
The girlfriend called 911 and Fair Haven Fire and Rescue were dispatched .
After two or three more calls Arquitt said he was back in the boat and headed to shore .
A 911 dispatcher called Arquitt on his cell phone to direct medical personnel to him to check his welfare .
While speaking to the dispatcher Arquitt admitted he made the incident up to impress his girlfriend and he was in fact in the parking lot of the Bayside Grocery .
Police charged Arquitt with falsely reporting an incident .
He was issued a ticket and is scheduled to appear in Sterling Town Court on Sept. 17 .
Creating affordable LCD Enclosures for hostile , outdoor digital signage advertising .
ProEnc Ltd design and manufacture a wide range of protective indoor and outdoor LCD television enclosures , this enables businesses to install outdoor digital signage solutions in outdoor public areas , protecting the display , screen or monitor from vandalism and extreme weather .
Our protective LCD enclosures will accommodate a media player along with either an LCD or Plasma display and the relevant waterproof cable access provides a waterproof TV enclosure , being ideal for outdoor locations .
The units have various heating and cooling options dependant upon the outdoor location and the customers requirements .
We have a vast experience manufacturing and supplying protective LCD hosuings for LCD , LED and plasma televisions , especially when the climate is hot and humid , such as in the Middle East , Australia and the USA .
This is why we are the only company who offers anti vandal LCD enclosures as standard .
Our range of waterproof / dustproof enclosures come in both IP65 and NEMA 4X specifications , designed for the " Out Of Home Digital Signage industry . "
We have 3 sizes of protective housings and our enclosures will accommodate LCD displays from 26 " up to 80 " , they can even be configured to " tile " together to create a huge 3 x 3 configuration , to cover the side of a building .
The TV enclosures are constructed so they form an integral part of a local or global digital advertising network , offering a totally flexible solution .
These protective housings have been successfully installed in :
Psychiatric hospitals
General Hospitals
Factories
Correction Facilities
Schools
Colleges
Airports
Train terminals
Ferry terminals
Let us help you find the best affordable solution for your project , contact us either by telephone or email and we will get back to you as soon as we can , normally within 24 hours .
Contact us today European enquiries call +44 ( 0)843 2893717 USA enquiries call ( 862 ) 234-5981 , alternatively email us at info@lcdenclosure.co.uk
September 1 , 2009 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
As an inventor and a long - time engineer for Boeing , George Huggins has spent the better part of six decades conceptualizing and building things .
But for all his experience and ingenuity , Huggins has yet to figure out how to get Uncle Sam to speed up the often - ponderous patent process .
Since retiring from Boeing , the 81 - year - old Huggins , who also raises cattle and pecans on his farm in Blanchard , Okla . , has had several of his ideas patented by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , including the Tailgate - N - Tote - Um - Table , an integrated folding table and umbrella for sporting event tailgaters .
Start to finish , the application process for that product took about a year , he recalls .
But that was in the late 1980s , before the USPTO had to contend with a surge in patent applications and diminished resources for processing them .
More recently , he says , his patent application for a lightweight tailgate loading ramp has been pending at the USPTO for more than seven years .
" It just takes [ the USPTO ] forever " to move an application through the process , he says .
" Each time I file [ a patent application ] , it seems like it takes a little longer to get the patent . "
Pendency is indeed a mounting problem at the USPTO , where , on average , it takes more than 25 months to get first action on a patent application and 32 months to get one approved .
" This has a direct , negative impact on America 's economic competitiveness -- creating uncertainty for entrepreneurs and inventors , " Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke acknowledged in remarks at the August swearing - in ceremony for new USPTO Director David Kappos .
( Kappos and other USPTO officials were unavailable to comment for this article , according to an agency spokesperson . )
Move Quicker Through the Queue Tips to shorten -- or at least make the most of -- your stay in patent purgatory :
.
Take pains to submit an application that 's as thoroughly researched and fleshed out as possible , based on a close review of known and existing " prior art " ( patents issued in the same class that are most similar to your idea ) , says Eric Waltmire , an Illinois patent attorney .
.
Push forward with other activities related to the idea -- marketing , business development , etc. -- while an application is pending , Waltmire suggests .
.
Weigh the pros and cons of the " accelerated examination " program , which promises to complete action on an application within a year , but also comes with limitations .
.
Pay the fee ( usually $ 800 and up ) for a patent search and read the results before filing your own application .
" I think it gives the applicant an appreciation for what the playing field looks like , " Houston patent attorney David McEwing says , " and what challenges their application could face . "
Locke 's goal is to reduce the average period for first action to 10 months , which , he concedes , is " extremely aggressive . "
How ?
" The answer is that we do n't know yet , " Kappos wrote in a late August blog posting directed at USPTO employees .
" I 'm working with members of the management team on a plan and timeline and I look forward to sharing it with you soon . "
Kappos has his work cut out for him .
The number of applications filed with the USPTO totaled almost 497,000 in fiscal 2008 , up 31 percent from fiscal 2004 , according to figures provided by the agency .
Evidently , however , the USPTO 's capacity for handling patent applications has n't grown in step with its workload .
During that five - year span , the total number of applications pending at the agency has increased 60 percent , from around 756,000 to more than 1.2 million .
Meanwhile , the USPTO has struggled in efforts to beef up its workforce .
Between 2002 and 2006 , one patent examiner left the USPTO for every two hired , according to a 2008 report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office .
It all adds up to increased application pendency : from 27.6 months in 2004 to 32.2 months in 2008 .
Critics of the USPTO claim the huge and growing backlog of patent applications is not only frustrating inventors , small businesses and the middlemen ( attorneys , mainly ) who expedite their patent applications , it 's slowing the progress of ideas that , when brought to market , could help stimulate a flagging economy .
" It 's bad for American innovation and bad for inventors , " says Robert Susa , president of InventHelp , a firm that helps inventors secure patents and find buyers for their ideas .
Securing a patent in a timely fashion is especially crucial for Individuals and small businesses , Susa explains .
" Some companies we deal with -- especially larger ones - - will only look at patented ideas .
They wo n't even talk to you unless you have a patent .
And now , instead of showing them a patented idea two years after it was invented , we 're showing it to them five years after it was invented .
By then , it could be obsolete .
Inventors are seeing their opportunity lost while they are waiting for an innovation to be patented . "
Startups in particular can be financially hamstrung by having a patent application in extended limbo .
" Really , I think the biggest problem is for companies that are trying to leverage intellectual property as their key asset to attract financing and funding , " says Eric Waltmire , a patent attorney in Wheaton , Ill .
" Many startups depend on patents to attract investors . "
The application bottleneck also opens the door to copycats .
It 's USPTO practice to publish details of patent applications within 18 months of when they are filed .
Once published , details are open to public scrutiny .
Because the pendency of an application can stretch for years beyond its initial publication , there 's plenty of opportunity for someone to use details from a pending application to develop a product that beats the original idea to market , Waltmire says .
Inside and outside USPTO , the consensus solution for alleviating the bottleneck is to hire and retain more patent examiners ( of which there were about 6,000 at the close of fiscal 2008 ) .
But therein lies a conundrum : Because the USPTO is largely self - funded by application fees and other assessments , its bottom line stands to benefit from processing more applications .
Those funds could then be used to hire more examiners .
However , the high attrition rate among examiners has made it difficult for the agency to handle the growing application workload , limiting the influx of funds needed to put more examiners on the payroll .
What 's more , says Locke , the USPTO has endured " inconsistent funding and diversion of resources to other government activities . "
Curbing examiner attrition should be top priority , Houston patent attorney David McEwing says , because more experienced examiners tend to produce at a higher level , both in terms of quality and quantity of patents .
To address the manpower issue , Susa even suggests putting patent attorneys to work as patent examiners on a contract basis .
That 's one way for them to keep busy during an application 's prolonged pendency .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Amateur footage filmed by tourists on holiday in Israel shows a horse galloping over a car on a road in Galilee .
The driver escaped with minor cuts and the horse suffered only light injuries , according to Israeli media reports .
Kerlikowske Finds Ideology
7/24/09 , 12:34 am EST
This is a major disappointment :
Obama ’s drug czar , Gil Kerlikowske hit the road this week to rail against the perils of pot :
“ Marijuana is dangerous and has no medicinal benefit , ” he said at an appearance in Fresno , California .
This is a striking departure from what Kerlikowske told me in an interview in May .
Because of the restrictive terms the Vice President ’s office imposed on our interview , I ’m not at liberty to quote the drug czar directly .
But when I asked Kerlikowske for an example of how he hoped to bring sound science back to Office of National Drug Control Policy , he told me that science would answer whether smoked marijuana has any medical benefit .
That ’s a question that science answers , he told me , not ideology .
From this week ’s comments , it appears it took just two more months on the job for Kerlikowske ’s openness to scientific uncertainty to snap shut in a fit of ideological conviction .
Tim Dickinson
Use the tips of either fresh or tinned asparagus .
The tips should be removed from the coarse stems , the pulp beaten up and salt and pepper added .
This mixture should then be spread on slices of thin buttered bread .
Boil an egg hard , then crush up the yolk with a little grated cheese .
Chop up three or four slices of cooked beetroot , quite small .
Add it to the cheese and egg .
Season with a pinch of salt .
Then spread the mixture between thinly - cut bread and butter .
Select young shoots of celery and peel the walnuts .
Have about equal quantities of both ingredients and chop them fairly fine .
Then mix them into a paste by the addition of a little cream .
Spread thickly on the buttered bread .
Parsley Sandwiches .
Wash some parsley , pick off the fresh leaves and chop them fine .
Then mix this evenly with butter and a squeeze of lemon juice .
Spread this on thin slices of bread .
The experienced married lady who , when asked to reveal the secret of how to manage a husband tersely replied , “ feed the brute . ”
Evidently believes that the way to a man 's heart is via his tummy .
But there 's “ another way , ” as the cookery books have it .
What about smoking ?
Wives who hate and detest tobacco , and there are still some who wo n't allow their husbands to smoke — at any rate in the house — make a great mistake .
The wise wife knows full well what the weed can do and how under its beneficient influence irritability and temper generally vanish .
Therefore , ladies , “ feed the brute ” if you like , but let him smoke when — and where — he will , and all will be well .
Get him to smoke one or other of the famous toasted blends , Cut Plug No. 10 ( Bullshead ) , Navy Cut No. 3 ( Bulldog ) , Cavendish , Riverhead Gold and Desert Gold .
They have a most delicious flavour and a beautiful aroma and are very pure because toasting eliminates the nicotine as nothing else does or can .
These are the only toasted tobaccos manufactured . *
page 60
Magistrate Priya Beharry granted $ 60,000 bail to a woman accused of knowingly providing the police with false information that she had been raped .
It is alleged that on May 20 at Georgetown , Plachette Ross , a sales representative of 24 Prospect , East Bank Demerara , knowingly gave to Sergeant Cedrick Gravesande ; a police officer , certain information namely that she was raped intending thereby to cause Gravesande to arrest the man .
She pleaded not guilty to the charge of giving false information when it was read to her on Friday in the Georgetown Magistrate ’s Court .
The virtual complainant did not attend court .
Police Prosecutor Munilall Seetaram told the court that on the day in question the accused stole the man ’s cell phone .
He added that Ross told the VC that she was going to return the phone to him but instead the woman went to the Ministry of Home Affairs and alleged that the man had raped her .
Ross was ordered to appear in Court Three on September 30 .
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Google , the Internet search group , defended its scanning and publishing of millions of books online on Monday by saying the project was making finding information on the Web more democratic .
The Californian company struck a deal with author and publisher groups in the United States earlier this year , allowing it to copy books for the Internet .
But the agreement has been criticized and come under the gaze of the U.S. Justice Department because it does not say what Google might charge libraries , for example .
Some of them fear the service will become an expensive must - have .
Dan Clancy , architect of the Google program , told a hearing at the European Commission , which is the European Union ’s executive body , that the group hoped to allow Web surfers to find out - of - print books .
“ We have seen a democratization of access to online information , ” said Clancy , engineering director of Google Book Search .
“ You can discover information which you did not know was there , ” he said .
“ It is important that these ( out - of - print ) books are not left behind .
Google ’s interest was in helping people to find the books . ”
The EU said this year it would examine the Google deal in the United States after Germany said the company had scanned books from U.S. libraries to create a database without asking the authors .
A woman stands among the bookshelves in the main reading room of The New York Public Library , December 14 , 2004 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
COPYRIGHT SHOWDOWN
The Commission is considering what Europe should do about scanning and printing books on the Web .
Viviane Reding and Charlie McCreevy , the EU commissioners responsible for media and the European marketplace , said they would look at shaking up copyright laws .
That could make it easier for Europe to follow the United States in scanning and printing more books online .
The EU has launched its own online register , Europeana , which includes books and images ranging from William Shakespeare to pictures of French actress Brigitte Bardot .
But most European countries have been slow in scanning and publishing literature for Europeana and Reding hopes companies such as Google can pick up the slack .
The decision to allow Google to build its library of more than 10 million scanned books has divided opinion worldwide .
“ The settlement mostly only affects out - of - print books , ” said James Gleick , one of the writers who sued Google but later agreed to let the group scan old books and print them online .
“ For us who are authors of out - of - print books , it brings our work to a whole new audience , ” he told the hearing .
Others are more skeptical .
ICOMP , a lobby group sponsored by U.S. software giant Microsoft , said Google ’s plans to scan and publish would concentrate too much power in its hands .
David Wood , a lawyer working for ICOMP , told reporters Google would create an “ enduring monopoly ” in the supply of online books .
( Editing by Dale Hudson / Will Waterman )
The NSW Department of Education is using asset - tracking software , RFID tags , and BIOS - embedded filtering smarts to roll out 240,000 netbook computers into what CIO Stephen Wilson calls " the most hostile environment you can roll computers into " - the local high school .
The rollout of Lenovo netbooks , funded under the Federal Government 's Digital Education Revolution initiative , is a massive logistical and IT security challenge , and the solution Wilson and his team has put together to fix these issues could well be applicable to any corporate IT department .
Over four years , some 240,000 Lenovo netbooks will be offered to students in year nine .
The netbooks can be kept until year 12 , or permanently should the student finish his or her studies at the school .
Netbooks are also being offered to teachers .
To take receipt of the netbooks , students and parents are asked to sign forms in which they acknowledge their responsibility to take care of the machines and use them appropriately .
They are armed with an enterprise version of the new Windows 7 operating system , Microsoft Office , the Adobe CS4 creative suite , Apple iTunes , and content geared to students .
Although the netbooks are loaded with many hundreds of dollars of software , 2GB RAM and a six - hour battery , the cost to the NSW Department of Education is less than $ 500 a unit .
Underneath the covers of the netbooks - and within the network that controls them - lies a great deal more smarts to ensure that the total cost of ownership of each machine does not blow out .
Wilson said that while private schools and other states have taken a " carte blanche " approach to handing out laptops as part of the Digital Education Revolution , the DET rollout is " among the more systematic , automated and paperless " projects ever embarked upon .
Security smarts
At the physical layer , each netbook is password - protected and embedded with tracking software at the BIOS level of the machine .
That is administered through an enterprise services bus , which also connects the Remedy suite for asset management , Active Directory for authentication and Aruba 's Airwave for wireless network management .
If a netbook were to be stolen or sold , the department can remotely disable it over the network .
Even if the hard drive of the machine was swapped out or the operating system wiped , it would be useless to unauthorised users .
Already , it has noted the loss or damage of just six netbooks out of the 20,000 rolled out since August - and have tracked a teacher using their device on a field trip in New Zealand .
While there is a serial number and barcode on each computer , the department said that thieves or students might be able to remove them .
To combat this , it is using passive RFID chips on every machine that will enable them to be identified " even if they were dropped in a bathtub " .
Being passive , an RFID reader needs to be within close proximity of the device to read it .
( Active RFID transmitted a signal back to base . )
The department used the AppLocker functionality within Windows 7 to dictate which applications are installed .
Web access on the netbooks is filtered according to a corporate security policy ( using McAfee 's SmartFilter technology ) plus an additional SOCKS - based proxy client , which provides web filtering at the network layer .
The devices also use Microsoft 's Forefront Antivirus technology .
Upgrades
With such a huge fleet of computers in the hands of students , Wilson said it would be " unrealistic " for the department to offer technical support for software applications .
The netbooks were built so that the department can remotely upgrade and patch the devices over a wireless network .
It used Microsoft 's System Centre Configuration Manager tool to distribute software down to devices .
The update service switches off once a student finishes year 12 .
Wilson said there was no way such a large fleet of machines could be managed at such low cost without the smarts embedded within Microsoft 's new operating system .
" There was no way we could do any of this on XP , " he said .
" Windows 7 nailed it for us . "
A few weeks back , we noted that there is a national prayer rally scheduled for Washington , D.C. this weekend that organizers expect to attract tens of thousands to pray for the soul of America .
The only difference this time is that the organizers and participants are Muslims , and so of course the Religious Right is upset and voicing concerns .
And so Lou Engle is now rallying his own forces to counter the rally :
[ O ] n the 25th of September , Muslims are calling for a Muslim Day of Prayer in Washington D.C.
They are calling for 50,000 Muslims to gather and pray on the D.C. Mall .
This is the exact word of one of the Sheikhs who is leading this historic gathering , “ Muslims should march on the White House .
We are going to the White House so that Islam will be victorious , Allah willing , and the White House will become into a Muslim house . ”
These are not empty words .
They speak of a dark spiritual intent and a coming day of great trouble to America .
Now one of these events is enough to awaken us to this significant throbbing moment , but when they all converge it becomes a massive spiritual alarm that must be responded to by the praying Church . …
This convergence , I believe , is urgently summoning us in the midst of the rising tide of Islamic influence in America to recognize that our God is above every god and that if we return to Him with all of our hearts and call upon
Him with fasting and prayer then God could use what the enemy meant for evil to bring about a great day of salvation for Muslims in America .
First of all , we can not be passive as a Church to let these kinds of developments go on without being challenged in the spirit .
Our fight is not against Muslims , it is against principalities , powers , and forces of darkness .
We are calling the Church of America at the end of Ramadan , from September 21st through 25th , to five days of concerted prayer … On Friday , Sept. 25 , the Muslim Day of Prayer , we are calling the Church of America to fast and pray that Muslims would be moved by the Holy Spirit , convicted by the testimony of Christ , and even be visited by Jesus in dreams .
We must pray that God would restrain the spiritual powers behind Islam and grant us the great awakening that we desperately need for America .
And the Family Research Council is getting in on the act as well , urging its activists to use the gathering as an opportunity to pray for the conversion of Muslims :
Muslims are preparing for a Friday gathering on Capitol Hill .
Group organizers are touting a possible 50,000 attendees for what they say will be a peaceful assembly for purposes of prayer only .
We shall see … Will any of the expected 50,000 attendees affirm loyalty to the U.S. and our constitutional liberties ?
Or will they pray for shari’ah law to come to America ?
Join us in praying that the conversion of Muslims to Christianity would not only continue , but accelerate .
As is David Barton , who is warning that Christianity ’s place at the top of the heap in America is coming under attack :
Historically , on this continent Christian America adopted an open free - market approach to all religions from the beginning .
American Christians then ( and now ) were not fearful of other religions .
They were confident that Christianity would prevail on its own merits and they therefore followed the Biblical precedent set forth in both the Old and New Testaments of simply presenting God ’s word in a straightforward manner , expecting that the Holy Spirit will confirm
His word in the hearts of hearers .
Christians believe that on a level playing field , Christianity will always prevail through the voluntary choice of the people .
As a result , Christian America welcomed all religions , with Muslims arriving here by 1619 , Jews establishing their first synagogue in 1654 , and Buddhists , Hindus , and others also being present from the early days .
Significantly , only America extended ( and continues to extend ) a free - market religious tolerance to others while still preserving the core societal values of our Christian heritage .
But the culture has begun to shift .
The level playing field is being eroded .
As in Europe , Christianity is being knocked down and Islam elevated . …
As Bible - believing people , let ’s also make this Friday a day of prayer – and please encourage others to participate with you .
We know that our contest is with spiritual forces ( Ephesians 6:12 ) , and we firmly believe that He Who is within us is greater than any other god or force ( 1 John 4:4 ) , so I encourage you to fill America with prayer to the True God this coming Friday .
Interestingly , Barton attempts to defend his effort by claiming that he is not calling on Christians to compete with Muslims :
This call for Christians to pray this Friday is not a prayer “ competition ” between Christianity and Islam , nor is it a spiritual Christian “ jihad ” or “ holy war ” ( what an oxymoronic term – a holy war ! ) .
After all , in I Kings 18 , Elijah encouraged the prophets of the god Baal to take more time in their praying ; he did n’t object to their prayers , he just wanted to make sure that he was able to make his own prayers to the True God .
This Friday offers a similar opportunity for those who fear God and believe His Scriptures to offer up their own prayers to Him .
You know , if Barton is going to claim that he is not calling for Christians to compete or wage holy war on Muslims , he should probably not be citing I Kings 18 … or at least ought to cite it properly to note that Elijah did not merely “ want to make sure that he was able to make his own prayers ” but actually pitted his god against Baal in competition and then “ taunted ” Baal ’s prophets for their god ’s failure to win – and then killed them all :
“ Your Local Bankruptcy Attorneys ”
Start for as Little as $ 100
Free Initial Consultation
Affordable Payment Plans Available
Voted Best Bankruptcy Law Firm since 2012
7 Convenient WI Locations
Stop Harassing Creditors
Get a Financial Fresh Start
Law Firm Owners & partner attorneys Mike Georg & Chad Schomburg want you to know that it IS possible to keep Your House , Car , Retirement & other property & still get out from the mountain of debt you ’re facing .
Finances Out of Control
Most likely , you ’ve landed on this site because something unexpected happened that has sent your finances spiraling out of control , or . . . maybe you ’ve made some financial decisions you regret .
Either way , in order to move forward you need to know that financial problems do not make you a bad person .
You should not feel embarrassed or ashamed that you need help .
Everyone makes mistakes and unexpected things happen .
Really .
The GOOD NEWS is that you do n’t have to wallow in your difficult situation or suffer from it forever .
You can do something about it .
In fact , as bankruptcy attorneys we have helped thousands of Wisconsin residents in your particular predicament get a fresh financial start and we ’re confident we can help you too .
Free Initial Consultation
Our free initial consultation is great for gathering information and obtaining guidance about what to do next .
It ’s an opportunity to sit down with an attorney who understands consumer protection laws , the elimination of debt , and bankruptcy .
Debt Advisors has been voted “ best bankruptcy law firm ” since 2012 .
We pride ourselves in helping people just like you get out of debt .
During your consultation , we ’ll review your unique financial situation and help determine what your best options are .
Simply complete the form and we ’ll contact you to schedule an appointment in one of our 7 convenient Wisconsin locations , or give us a call and get the process started today .
Irving Kristol dies
The father of neo-conservatism , and Bill Kristol 's father , has passed away , The Weekly Standard reports .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
50 Free Resources That Will Improve Your Writing Skills
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
We collected over 50 useful and practical tools and resources that will help you to improve your writing skills .
You will find copywriting blogs , dictionaries , references , teaching classes , articles , tools as well as related articles from other blogs .
Effective writing skills are to a writer what petrol is to a car .
Like the petrol and car relationship , without solid skills writers cannot move ahead .
These skills do n’t come overnight , and they require patience and determination .
You have to work smart and hard to acquire them .
Only with experience , you can enter the realm of effective , always - in - demand writers .
Of course , effective writing requires a good command of the language in which you write or want to write .
Once you have that command , you need to learn some tips and tricks so that you can have an edge over others in this hard - to - succeed world of writers .
There are some gifted writers , granted .
But gifted writers also need to polish their skills frequently in order to stay ahead of competition and earn their livelihood .
CustomWritings.com is an academic writing service which provides custom written papers to help students with their grades .
Moreover , do not miss an opportunity to turn to writing guides , topic ideas , and samples on their blog to polish your writing skills .
Except for these , you can also benefit from free tools that will ease the entire writing process - free plagiarism checker , citation generator , words to pages as well as words to minutes converter when you are working on a speech .
1. Grammar , Punctuation & Co .
Use English Punctuation Correctly
A quick and useful crash course in English punctuation .
HyperGrammar
An extensive electronic grammar course at the University of Ottawa ’s Writing Centre .
Grammar Girl
Mignon Fogarty ’s quick and dirty tips for better writing .
Grammar Girl provides short , friendly tips to improve your writing .
Covering the grammar rules and word choice guidelines that can confound even the best writers , Grammar Girl makes complex grammar questions simple with memory tricks to help you recall and apply those troublesome grammar rules .
Better Writing Skills
This site contains 26 short articles with writing tips about ampersands , punctuation , character spacing , apostrophes , semicolons and commas , difference between i.e. and e.g. etc .
The Guide to Grammar and Writing
An older , yet very useful site that will help you to improve your writing on word & sentence level , paragraph level and also essay & research paper level .
Paradigm Online Writing Assistant
This site contains some useful articles that explain common grammar mistakes , basic punctuation , basic sentence concepts etc .
Worth visiting and reading .
The Learning Centre contains similar articles , but with more examples .
Jack Lynch ’s Guide to Grammar and Style
These notes are a miscellany of grammatical rules and explanations , comments on style , and suggestions on usage put by Jack Lynch , an Associate Professor in the English department of the Newark campus of Rutgers University , for his classes .
English Style Guide - Economist
This guide is based on the style book which is given to all journalists at The Economist .
The site contains various hints on how to use metaphors , punctuation , figures , hyphens etc. Brief and precise .
Technical Writing
An extensive guidance on grammar and style for technical writing .
40 + Tips to Improve your Grammar and Punctuation
“ Purdue University maintains an online writing lab and I spent some time digging through it .
Originally the goal was to grab some good tips that would help me out at work and on this site , but there is simply too much not to share . ”
2. Common mistakes and problems
Common Errors in English
A collection of common errors in English , with detailed explanations and descriptions of each error .
AskOxford : Better Writing
A very useful reference for classic errors and helpful hints with a terrible site navigation .
Dr. Grammar ’s Frequently Asked Questions
Answers to common grammar questions related to English grammar , with examples and additional explanations .
English Grammar FAQ
A list of common English language problems and how to solve them .
This list was compiled through an extensive archive of postings to alt.usage .
english by John Lawler , Linguistics , U. Michigan , Ann Arbor .
3. General Writing Skills
Writer ’s Digest
Writer ’s Digest offers information on writing better and getting published .
The site also includes community forums , blogs and huge lists of resources for writers .
Infoplease : General Writing Skills
Various articles that aim to teach students how to write better .
The Elements of Style
A freely available online version of the book “ The Elements of Style ” by William Strunk , Jr. , the classic reference book .
Poynter Writing Tools
A blog dedicated to writers and journalists .
Poynter also provides Fifty Writing Tools : Quick List , a collection of podcasts related to writing .
learning lab / writing skills
This site offers over 20 . pdf - documents with main rules and common mistakes related to summarising , paraphrasing , referencing , sentences , paragraphs , linking words and business writing .
Handy .
Using English
UsingEnglish.com provides a large collection of English as a Second Language ( ESL ) tools & resources for students , teachers , learners and academics .
Browse our grammar glossary and references of irregular verbs , phrasal verbs and idioms , ESL forums , articles , teacher handouts and printables , and find useful links and information on English .
Topics cover the spectrum of ESL , EFL , ESOL , and EAP subject areas .
Online Writing Courses
Free courses are a great way to improve your writing skills .
The courses shown here focus on several types of creative writing , including poetry , essay writing and fiction writing .
4. Practical Guides To Better Writing Skills
Copywriting 101 : An Introduction to Copywriting
This tutorial is designed to get you up and running with the basics of writing great copy in ten easy lessons .
Afterwards , you ’ll get recommendations for professional copywriting training , plus links to tutorials on SEO copywriting and writing killer headlines .
A Guide to Writing Well “ This guide was mainly distilled from On Writing Well by William Zinsser and The Elements of Style by Strunk and White .
Other sources are listed in the bibliography .
My memory being stubborn and lazy , I compiled this so I could easily refresh myself on writing well .
I hope it will also be helpful to others . ”
Online Copywriting 101 : The Ultimate Cheat Sheet
The ultimate cheat sheet with various
Web copy resources that copywriters can use to lean the best writing tips and ideas .
Headlines and Trigger Words
Common mistakes and errors
Writing tips from experts
Practical tips
5. Copywriting Blogs
CopyBlogger
Now that blogging has become the smartest strategy for growing an authoritative web site , it ’s your copywriting skills that will set you apart and help you succeed .
And this is where Copyblogger comes into play .
Brian Clark ’s popular blog covers useful copywriting tips , guidelines and ideas .
Write to Done
Leo Babuta ’s blog about the craft and the art of writing .
The blog covers many topics : journalism , blog writing , freelance writing , fiction , non-fiction , getting a book deal , the business of writing , the habit of writing .
Updated twice weekly .
Problogger
Darren Rowse ’s blog helps bloggers to add income streams to their blogs – among other things , Darren also has hundreds of useful articles related to copy writing .
Men with Pens
A regularly updated blog with useful tips for writers , freelancers and entrepreneurs .
Time to Write
Jurgen Wolff ’s tips , ideas , inspirations for writers and would - be writers and other creative people .
Daily Writing Posts
“ Whether you are an attorney , manager , student or blogger , writing skills are essential for your success .
Considering the rise of the information age , they are even more important , as people are surrounded by e-mails , wikis , social networks and so on .
“ It can be difficult to hone one ’s writing skills within this fast paced environment .
Daily Writing
Tips is a blog where you will find simple yet effective tips to improve your writing . ”
CopyWriting
“ Copywriting website is jam - packed with useful information , articles , resources and services geared to show you how to write mouth - watering , profit - generating copy .
Copy that changes minds and dramatically boosts your results .
So come right in … you ’re going to like what you see !
It has copywriting courses , tools , articles and much more . ”
The Copywriter Underground
A copywriting blog by the freelance writer Tom Chandler .
Lifehack : Writing
This collection of resources includes links to 30 posts on Lifehack that may help you to improve your writing skills .
OneLook Dictionary Search
More than 13,5 million words in more than 1024 online dictionaries are indexed by the OneLook search engine .
You can find , define , and translate words all at one site .
Definr
A fast , suggest - as - you - type dictionary which you can add to your Firefox search box or use in bookmarklet form ( see this post ) ( via Lifehacker ) .
Visuwords
Look up words to find their meanings and associations with other words and concepts .
Produce diagrams reminiscent of a neural net .
Learn how words associate .
Merriam Webster : Visual Dictionary
The Visual Dictionary Online is an interactive dictionary with an innovative approach .
From the image to the word and its definition , the Visual Dictionary Online is an all - in - one reference .
Search the themes to quickly locate words , or find the meaning of a word by viewing the image it represents .
What ’s more , the Visual Dictionary Online helps you learn English in a visual and accessible way .
OneLook Reverse Dictionary
OneLook ’s reverse dictionary lets you describe a concept and get back a list of words and phrases related to that concept .
Your description can be a few words , a sentence , a question , or even just a single word .
Online Spell Checker
Free online spell checker that provides you with quick and accurate results for texts in 28 languages ( German , English , Spanish , French , Russian , Italian , Portuguese etc. ) .
GNU Aspell
GNU Aspell is a Free and Open Source spell checker designed to eventually replace Ispell .
It can either be used as a library or as an independent spell checker .
Its main feature is that it does a superior job of suggesting possible replacements for a misspelled word than just about any other spell checker out there for the English language .
WordWeb
A one - click English thesaurus and dictionary for Windows that can look up words in almost any program .
It works off - line , but can also look up words in web references such as the Wikipedia encyclopedia .
Features of the free version include definitions and synonyms , proper nouns , 150 000 root words and 120 000 synonym sets .
write rhymes
As you write , hold the alt key and click on a word to find a rhyme for it .
Verbix
This English conjugator will help you to determine how to use verbs in the proper tense .
Wordcounter
Wordcounter ranks the most frequently used words in any given body of text .
Use this to see what words you overuse or maybe just to find some keywords from a document .
Text Statistics Generator is an alternative tool : it gives you a quick analysis of number of word occurrences .
Advanced Text Analyzer ( requires registration )
This free tool analyzes texts , calculating the number of words , lexical density , words per sentence , character per word and the readability of the text as well as word analysis , phrase analysis and graded analysis .
Useful !
Graviax Grammar Checker
Grammar rules ( XML files containing regular expressions ) and grammar checker .
Currently only for the English language , although it could be extended .
Unit tests are built into the rules .
Might form the basis of a grammar checker for OpenOffice .
txt2tags
Txt2tags is a document generator .
It reads a text file with minimal markup as bold and // italic / / and converts it to the formats HTML , LaTeX , MediaWiki , Google Code Wiki , DokuWiki , Plain text and more .
Markdown
Markdown is a text - to - HTML conversion tool for web writers .
Markdown allows you to write using an easy - to - read , easy - to - write plain text format , then convert it to structurally valid XHTML ( or HTML ) .
Requires Perl 5.6.0 or later .
7. Further Resources
CustomWritings.com — Writing Service
You ’re running out of time and need some writing help ?
The writing service CustomWritings.com provides you with custom texts tailored to your needs .
50 Useful Open Source Resources For Writers and Writing Majors
If you ’re a writing major , why not take advantage of all the opportunities to get great free and open source resources that can help you to write , edit and organize your work ?
Here ’s a list of fifty open source tools that you can use to make your writing even better .
English Forums
If you have a question related to English Grammar , join these forums to get advice from others who know the language better or can provide you with some related information .
The Ultimate Writing Productivity Resource
A round - up of applications , services , resources , tools , posts and communities for writers and bloggers who want to improve their writing skills .
100 Useful Web Tools for Writers
100 useful Web tools that will help you with your career , your sanity and your creativity whenever your write .
Something is missing ?
Please let us know in the comments to this post !
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Barack Obama looks like he will succeed where three Democratic presidents , Harry Truman , Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton , so famously failed -- by passing health care reform .
That is an achievement for which posterity will likely reward him .
But it may not help him and his party avoid setbacks at the polls .
Consider the danger signs slowly accumulating .
The off - year gubernatorial elections in New Jersey and Virginia are usually a harbinger of political success or failure for the party in power .
When Republicans George Allen and Christine Todd Whitman won those races in November 1993 , it was a clear indication of trouble ahead for the Democrats nationally .
Currently , Republicans are leading in the polls in both states -- states that Obama won in 2008 .
Then there are Obama ’s approval ratings and what they portend for the 2010 midterms .
In January , when he gave his inaugural address , Obama enjoyed a 69 percent approval rating , with just 13 percent disapproving .
Since late August , his approval numbers have been hovering around 50 percent , and his disapproval numbers have been mostly in the low forties .
Clinton ’s ratings suffered a similar decline in his first year , and it spelled disaster for the 1994 congressional elections .
The same thing appears to be happening again :
If current polls hold up , Democrats could fail to keep Senate seats in Nevada , Colorado , Illinois , and Connecticut next year .
Political analyst Charlie Cook has recently estimated that the Democrats could lose more than 20 House seats .
Are these signs of voter discontent the result of tactical errors by Obama ?
Would the numbers look different if he had given his impassioned defense of national health care in February , or if he and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner had been tougher on the banks earlier this year ?
Perhaps these tactics would have led to a temporary bounce in Obama ’s popularity , but they would not have changed its overall trajectory .
That ’s because Obama ’s fortunes are being driven mainly by one thing : not health care , but the economy .
To understand the lockstep relationship between Obama ’s popularity and the state of the economy , it helps to look at two previous presidents who , like Obama , confronted a failing economy : Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan .
A young Afghan girl died after a box of public information leaflets , dropped by a British Royal Air Force plane over Afghanistan , landed on her , a newspaper said .
Britain's Ministry of Defence said it was investigating the accident which it described as " highly regrettable , " The Times said .
The drop occurred over a rural area of Afghanistan 's southern Helmand province on June 23 as part of an information campaign , the newspaper said .
" Sadly one of the boxes failed to fully open and on landing caused serious injuries to an Afghan child , " an RAF spokesman said .
" The child was treated at the local medical facility in Kandahar where , despite the best efforts of staff , she died as a result of her injuries . "
Officials said it was not known what type of leaflet was being dropped .
The accident comes amid anger in Afghanistan over civilian casualties in the conflict between foreign and Afghan forces and an increasingly bloody Taliban insurgency to secure the war - torn country .
- AFP
In a 2005 interview , Moore made an allusion to this “ post - 9/11 ” aspect of the work that grew into this novel : “ I ’m . . . interested in the way that the workings of governments and elected officials intrude upon the lives and minds of people who feel generally safe from the immediate effects of such workings . ”
The delicacy of this remark fails to disguise its clarity of purpose , and , as it happens , distant inter­national affairs are by no means the only source of “ intrusion ” in “ A Gate at the Stairs . ”
Moore ’s continuing interest in how power imbalances make themselves felt in human encounters fastens here on the Kafka - worthy bureaucracy of adoption agencies and foster homes .
Combined with her immaculately tender portrayals of young children , so real you want to pass around their snapshots , this aspect of her novel will do such things to your heart that you may find yourself wishing for the surgeon with the croquet mallet , just for mercy .
Moore ’s cast is sneaky - large ( she ’s like an athlete you keep wanting to call sneaky - fast , or sneaky - tough ) .
Any of Tassie ’s relationships — like that with her adoption - seeking employer Sarah Brink , or her vivid goof of a younger brother , or her exotic first love interest , Reynaldo ( whom she meets in “ Intro to Sufism ” ) — may seem this book ’s essential one , at least while it assumes center stage .
But the novel ’s real essence is its sinuous roving spotlight , in which each character and element is embraced in Tassie ’s wondering and exact sensibility , as when with her brother she revisits a childhood haunt :
“ When the gnats were n’t bad I had sometimes accompanied him , sat in the waist - high widgeon grass beside him , the place pink with coneflowers , telling him the plot of , say , a Sam Peckinpah movie I ’d never seen but had read about once in a syndicated article in The Dellacrosse Sunday Star .
Crickets the size of your thumb would sing their sweet monotony from the brush .
Sometimes there was a butterfly so perfect and beautiful , it was like a party barrette you wanted to clip in your hair .
Above and around us green leaves would flash wet with sunsetting light .
In this verdant cove I recounted the entire plot of ‘ Straw Dogs . ’ . . .
Now we stood at the cold stream ’s edge , tossing a stone in and listening for its plonk and plummet .
I wanted to say , ‘ Remember the time . . .’
But too often when we compared stories from our childhood , they did n’t match .
I would speak of a trip or a meal or a visit from a cousin and of something that had happened during it , and Robert would look at me as if I were speaking of the adventures of some Albanian rock band .
So I stayed quiet with him .
It is something that people who have been children together can effortlessly do .
It is sometimes preferable to the talk , which is also effortless .
We found more stones and tossed them .
‘ A stone ca n’t drown , ’ said my brother finally .
‘ It ’s already drowned . ’
‘ You been reading poetry ? ’ I smiled at him . ”
Image Lorrie Moore Credit ...
Linda Nyland
As for the puns , they seem to me less an eagerness to entertain than a true writerly obsession .
Moore is an equal - opportunity japester : heroes and villains both crack wise with Chandleresque vivacity , so you ca n’t use cleverness as a moral index .
The wrinkly recursiveness of her language seems lodged at the layer of consciousness itself , where Moore demands readers ’ attention to the innate thingliness of words .
This includes not only their plastic capacity as puns , and the oddnesses residing in the names for food , foliage and products — for instance , the fact that probably no bachelor ever wore the flowers called “ bachelor buttons , ” or that a fabric ’s neutral hue can be awarded names as various as pigeon , parmesan , platinum or pebble — but also their potential use as deliberate uncommunication : “ ‘ Sounds good , ’ I sang out into the dark of the car .
Sounds good , that same Midwestern girl ’s slightly frightened reply .
It appeared to clinch a deal , and was meant to sound the same as the more soldierly Good to go , except it was promiseless — mere affirmative description . ”
Finally , this book plumbs deep because it is anchored deep , in a system of natural imagery as tightly organized as that in a cycle of poems like Ted Hughes ’s “ Crow . ”
The motif is birth , gestation and burial , a seed or fetus uncovering its nature in secrecy , a coffin being offered to the earth .
The motif declares itself upfront in Tassie ’s father ’s potatoes , which like sleeper cells grow clustered in darkness and then , unearthed , assume names : Klamath pearls , yellow fingerlings , purple Peruvians and Rose Finns .
In “ A Gate at the Stairs ” it is not just potatoes that adapt for the world behind assumed names , but babies and grown - ups too .
I ’ve been having a lengthy discussion with an Anarchist on Facebook which was triggered by my criticism of a link he made on one of Molyneux ‘s videos .
The argument has been mainly around the issue of whether we should be promoting “ Anarcho ” - Capitalist ideas since they are also considered libertarian , promote freedom / liberty and might thus bring someone close to Anarchism , even if through a different path .
Needless to say I disagree .
Nevertheless , the discussion took an unexpected direction when he demanded “ proof ”
I just want something more substantial than rhetoric ( no offense ) but the more I look for these kinds of quantitative examples , the more I realize that , so far , there are none in existence .
Rather than encourage , I find that discouraging ; even disturbing . [… ]
I wo n’t be satisfied until I see real , measurable progress [ … ] I ’m open to new information if it ’s quantifiable ; it ’s generalized rhetoric that fails to persuade me .
The quote above is referring to my pointing out the success of anarchist movements from the takeovers of Argentina to the Spanish Revolution .
It seems then , that because the world is at the state it is now , ie not in Anarchy , all anarchist theory has been empirically disproven .
That is , none of the methods suggested – syndicalism , collectivism , direct action etc , have made the world a better place .
This reasoning might look valid on the surface but unfortunately is quite fallacious .
The problem here is that one ignores the reality of human politics .
There has never been a human society which managed to totally change their sociopolitical system within a generation or hell , even within a 100 years .
In fact , there has never been a radical sociopolitical change of such scale outside of socialist revolutions .
Both Feudalism and Capitalism came about through hundreds of years of evolution , struggle and pressure which slowly made the environment fertile for their spread .
In fact the form of those systems never reached a “ final form ” of any sort and simply continued to change according to the way the environment around them allowed .
One could even go further and say that Capitalism is in fact the natural continuation of Feudalism as it provided a way for the Landed aristocracy to retain their elite status without having to base it on metaphysical rights .
As such , to request “ proof ” of going closer to the Libertarian Socialist ideal is entirely the wrong way to look at this , as this is rather a gradual progress which is based on many different aspects such as popular understanding and / or support , betterment of human life , liberalization , democratization etc .
And this process can even be reversed when the class struggle goes toward the benefit of the ruling class , as is what has been happening in the last 30 years .
So to ask for “ quantitative examples ” is to miss the forest for the trees .
The process is all around us and we can see it whenever we see betterment of human life , greater satisfaction from work , increased social safety etc .
If one is simply looking for the “ signals of revolution ” in order to be convinced who to support , they ’ll be waiting forever .
The question to ask rather is :
What is causing all these beneficial events ?
What makes human lives better , work more fulfilling and increases social safety ?
The answer can easily be seen : Direct Action & Mutual Aid .
In short , the Libertarian Socialist principles .
Whenever these have been applied , a noticeable improvement can be observed while when these are missing , when Authoritarianism ( the opposite of Direct Action ) and Crass Individualism ( the opposite of Mutual Aid ) take over , we notice the exact opposite , even though superficial improvements might be observed , like an increase in GDP or some other irrelevant statistic .
So if these principles work and if the improve the lives of humans , why are we not in Anarchy yet ?
The answer to this is class struggle .
For every attempt by those at the bottom to self - manage and help each other directly , there is a push in the opposite direction by the ruling class through any means possible , from propaganda to violent suppression .
You cannot simply ignore the opposing force and claim that nothing works because the result is not here yet !
Rather one needs to look at the gradual progress and the many different movements that progress .
Once there ’s a relatively large amount of such anarchistic instances , then a revolution ca n’t but follow as the capitalist system will be too undermined to work .
Such was the case in the Spanish Revolution for example .
Then there is the other aspect of the demand for “ proof ” put to me .
The question I need to ask , proof of what ?
That an anarchist society can work ?
There ’s more than enough historical proof of that already .
Or is it proof that anarchist principles will bring about Anarchy ?
If so , then I have to point out that it ’s impossible to prove the future .
But you do n’t have to anyway , we do know that even outside Anarchy , libertarian socialist principles make our lives better and give us incentive to do more of them .
This is why Anarchism is a hopeful theory , not a Utopian or nihilistic one .
Or perhaps it ’s proof that anarchist principles are better than Reformism , State Socialism or Neoliberalism ?
In that case , one only has to point out at the inherent flaws in each of these theories .
Thus when they were attempted , their failure only validated the predictions that anarchists made .
Along all of them , only Libertarian Socialism actually did what it predicted when put into practice , even if it was later crushed military before it had a chance to ignite people ’s feelings elsewhere .
So there ’s really no rhetoric needed to make the case for Libertarian Socialism .
History and personal experience are more than enough .
This is in fact why so much rhetoric is needed by everyone else , for they need something to cover the abject failure of their practice .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Sponsored Link
EarCandy is a PulseAudio volume manager , but a smart one !
It will automatically mute your music when a Movie or a YouTube video starts .
And will mute the video when a Skype call comes in .
A sound level manager that nicely fades applications in and out based on their profile and window focus
Ear Candy Features
--
All volume adjustments are fades
-- Fade out music / video players on skype call
-- Fade to music player with focus when more than one
-- Fade out music player when video playing
-- Push sound to USB headsets on plugin
-- Categories to assign to clients
-- Sniffs desktop files to guess application category ... music / video/VoIP
-- Simplified pref UI for creating rules
-- Volume sniffing to fix youtube video issue
-- PID matching
-- Reset volumes for streams on exit ( so streams dont get stuck at a low level )
Whats being worked on :
-- Optional plugins , allowing pause of banshee / rhythmbox etc via DBUS
-- Global mute of managed streams
Install Ear Candy in Ubuntu
First you need to edit /etc/apt/sources.list file
gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
Add one of the following lines
For Ubuntu 9.04 ( Jaunty ) Users
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/flimm/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/flimm/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
For Ubuntu 8.10 ( Intrepid )
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/flimm/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/flimm/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
Save and exit the file
Now you need to add the GPG key using the following command
sudo apt - key adv -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com -- recv-keys 6E73CA45
Now update the source list using the following command
sudo apt - get update
Install Ear Candy
Using the following command
sudo apt - get install earcandy
This will complete the installation .
Now you can open ear candy from command line using the following command
ear_candy
If you want you can also add this to your startup applications
Once Earcandy is started you should notice the Earcandy tray icon on top .
Sample screenshot
Sponsored Link
Related posts
10 reasons why companies like Fraunhofer , Siemens , McLaren , NASA Johnson Space Center , Google , Apple , Philips , Nissan , Volvo and Onera buy our products :
* small aluminum profiles of professional quality for great projects :
prototyping , robotics , cases , and more
* available in black or clear anodised for a professional look
* available in easy precut lengths
* several lengths and brackets available in starter kit - save 15 % or more
* screws and nuts are all M3
* use and reuse our aluminum profiles ; a great investment
* stainless steel brackets available ; for strength and durability
* profile slots will fit boards with a 3 mm thickness ; easy to make your own casing
* corner cubes in black and clear available ; easy to use and a great look
* choice in size depending on your project ; 10x10 mm for small and beautiful and 15x15 mm for small but sturdy .
First of all , if we had national health care , those who served would n't have to beg for help with medical bills .
And it never ceases to amaze me that we 'll throw billions of dollars to incompetent but politically - connected war profiteers , but we fight the claims of those who put their bodies at risk while in the service .
Unbelievable :
TAMPA , Florida ( CNN ) --
For Rick Kelly , the first sign of cancer was a feeling of discomfort in his chest .
" My wife would hug me , and it became almost unbearable , " he said .
" I went to a doctor , and they sent me to the oncologist , and they did biopsies on both sides .
And then I ended up with a double mastectomy . "
Kelly is one of 20 retired U.S. Marines or sons of Marines who once lived at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , and who are now suffering from breast cancer , a disease that strikes about one man for every 100 women who get it .
Each of the seven men CNN interviewed for this report has had part of his chest removed as part of his treatment , along with chemotherapy , radiation or both .
All 20 fear that water contaminated with high levels of toxic chemicals may have caused their illnesses , but the Marine Corps says no link has been found between the contamination and their diseases .
Without that link , the men are denied treatment by the Department of Veterans Affairs , which says it can't treat them for a condition that has n't been shown to have been " service - related . "
Kelly was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1998 , 16 years after he served at Camp Lejeune .
Now a single father of a 7 - year - old boy and without health insurance , he filed a claim with the VA to help pay his medical bills .
Kelly said his VA representative told him , " It 's not the VA 's problem , it 's the Marine Corps ' problem . "
And Peter Devereaux , who was stationed at Camp Lejeune in the early 1980s , was told in writing that his breast cancer " neither occurred in nor was caused by service . "
But Kelly , Devereaux and other stricken men CNN interviewed say the Marine Corps knew about the contamination in tap water years before it shut down tainted wells in the mid-1980s .
Now they want the service to acknowledge that the water from those wells made them sick , which could make them eligible for VA benefits .
" They want it to go away , and it kind of just makes you sick with disgust , " Devereaux said .
The men with breast cancer are among about 1,600 retired Marines and Camp Lejeune residents who have filed claims against the federal government .
According to congressional investigators , they are seeking nearly $ 34 billion in compensation for health problems they say stemmed from drinking water at the base that was contaminated with several toxic chemicals , including some the federal government has classified as known or potential cancer - causing agents .
This goes out to people who bought or want an entry - level DSLR , and wonder what 's the deal with interchangeable lenses .
You really gonna buy that extra glass ?
It 's a beginner 's guide to growing as a photographer , preferably without going broke .
Advertisement
It does n't matter what brand of camera you bought — if it's an entry - level DSLR , it was offered to you with an 18 - 55 mm kit lens .
I hope you took them up on that offer because no matter what you bought , that kit lens comes cheap , and is well worth it .
Yes , of the five lenses covered here , that kit lens is numero uno .
KIT LENS
Like most bundle pricing , it 's cheaper than buying the camera body and lens separately , and most experts agree that an 18 - 55 mm is actually the perfect lens for most immediate photographic needs , with both a decent wide angle plus the ability to zoom in on far away objects .
In fact , if you take a look at the four shots below — all taken by me with kit lenses on basic DSLRs — you can see a foreshadowing of the four other lenses in this briefing — telephoto , wide - angle , portrait and macro :
But if you read Gizmodo enough , you know that we 've made the case that lenses , and not the cameras themselves , account most for great pictures .
Photography is an optics game first and foremost , and there 's a point at which that kit lens can't achieve shots that your heart and soul tell you are achievable .
There 's nothing wrong with your camera — seriously , there 's nothing wrong with it .
You just need to get some more lenses .
Advertisement
In order to run this story I called some experts at Canon , Nikon and Sigma , which makes discounted lenses for most DSLRs .
I could have called experts at [ insert your favorite non-Canon or Nikon camera brand here ] but early on , the advice was consistent and clear :
Anyone who is really taking an interest in their camera should invest in a telephoto zoom next , followed by a fast " normal " lens , which you might call a portrait lens .
LENS LABELING
In the interest of speed , I can't talk about lens anatomy , but there are some key attributes you need to know to read all lens retail listings : focal length and aperture .
In most cases , the lens categories here differ by the focal length , that is , how close a subject appears , indicated in millimeters .
The human - eye equivalent is between 30 mm and 50 mm .
A telephoto lens , which gets up close to things that are far away , can be as long as 500 mm .
A wide - angle lens , which makes close - up objects appear farther away , can be 10 mm — still less if you want the bulbous fisheye look .
A " zoom " lens simply means that it has a variable focal length — for instance , your kit lens , which can hit any length from 18 mm to 55 mm .
Advertisement
Because entry - level cameras have smaller ( APS - C ) sensors than professional APS ) full - frame 35 mm cameras , everybody makes two sets of lenses .
Typically all lenses work on beginner cameras , but beginner lenses do n't work on pro cameras .
If you stick with beginner lenses ( denoted Nikon DX , Canon EF - S , Sony DT , Pentax DA , Sigma DC and Tamron Di II ) , you wo n't have to stress , but if you want to buy a pro lens , or have some lying around , bear in mind that you need to multiply the focal length by 1.5 or so to get the equivalent focal length for your camera .
A 50 mm pro lens is really a 75 mm lens on your beginner 's model .
Why am I telling you this ?
Because there are new and used pro-level lenses out there for really good prices .
Advertisement
In one case below , what sets the lens apart is its large aperture .
The aperture is the hole that lets in the light , and it 's measured by the f-stop .
A wider aperture means more light comes in , and you have a better chance of getting nice shots indoors , in dimmer settings .
A narrower aperture lets in less light .
The trade - off is that a wide aperture can't focus on as many things that are at different distances — it is said to have a " shallow depth of field . "
Your main subject is clear , but the background is blurry — artistic in many cases , annoying in some .
When you narrow the aperture , you can crisply resolve more elements , but only if there 's enough light .
The wide aperture of a " fast " lens can always be narrowed , but there 's no way for a " slow " lens with a narrower aperture to bring in more light .
Advertisement
As if that was n't tricky , check this out :
The f - stop is a fraction , and the number you refer to is on the bottom , so if it 's low ( f / 1.4 ) , the aperture is wide , and if it 's high ( f/ 6.0 ) , the aperture is narrow .
Got it ?
Zoom lenses at beginner prices tend to have variable f-stops , apertures that get narrower , and in need of more light , as you zoom in .
TELEPHOTO ZOOM
Lenses in many ways are about reach , about bringing faraway subjects closer to your camera 's sensor .
" The low - end customer , who may take out their DSLR only occasionally , says , ' I want to shoot a picture of the moon , or animals at the zoo , or kids playing soccer , ' " says Dave Metz , a lens specialist at Sigma .
Even when that kit lens is cranked to the max , it 's only giving you a 55 mm focal length , which is why most DSLR makers have a very well - priced 55 - 200 mm lens waiting at the ready .
Prices range from $ 120 to $ 250 , and it 's usually the easiest purchase to make .
Advertisement
Credits : Lindsay Silverman - Nikon ; me with Nikon ; Robert O'Toole - Sigma ; Stephen Lang - Sigma
Another telephoto zoom lens you 'll see is the 18 -200 mm , which can cost anywhere from $ 350 to $ 600 .
That 's a hefty premium to pay just so you do n't have to schlep around two lenses , and generally speaking , the broader the focal length range , the more corners are being cut in performance .
That lens is a pass .
Advertisement
If you are feeling particularly far out , both Metz and Nikon 's camera marketing guru Steve Heiner suggest a 70 - 300 mm lens .
Sigma 's model sells for under $ 200 , Nikon 's most recent model , with built - in image stabilizing , is just over $ 500 , and there are 70 - 300 mm lenses for everyone else ranging from $ 130 to $ 850 , all with variable f- stops of either f/4.0 - 5.6 or f/4.5-5.6 .
Better yet , these lenses are spec'd for pro-grade full - frame cameras , so they 're exceptionally zoomy on your beginner 's camera , more like 105 - 450 mm .
Hey , do n't think about it too much , just enjoy it .
NORMAL ( AKA PORTRAIT )
As much traction as you 'll get from a zoom lens , it does n't really teach you much , except maybe how to compose without cropping .
I personally learned a hell of a lot more about photography when I started playing with f/1.8 50 mm lenses .
This is called a " normal " lens because , says Heiner , " It was all you could get on a camera in the '50s and ' 60s . "
In fact , he jokes that even though younger people are snapping up this relatively cheap lens ( $ 100 to $ 150 ) , he and his ilk " could n't wait to get away from it " when zoom lenses started hitting the market .
Advertisement
What does it do ?
As a " fast " lens , it can shoot really well in low light .
Keep the aperture wide , get up in your subject 's grill , and start clicking .
You 'll see parts of their face sharply resolved while other parts are softly blurred .
Tighten the aperture a tad , and your subject 's whole head is clear while the backdrop is soft and peaceful , even if it 's a Manhattan street corner at rush hour .
What does n't it do ?
It does n't zoom , and because it 's usually rated for pro cameras , it 's about the equivalent of 75 mm on an entry - level DSLR — which is roughly the preferred focal length for portrait shooting — so you often have to step back to get a decent shot .
Credits : Me with Canon ; Joe DiMaggio - Sigma ; Joe DiMaggio - Sigma ; Lindsay Silverman - Nikon
Advertisement
Alternatives to the cheap f/1.8 lens are an even faster one , f / 1.4 ( $ 300 to $ 500 ) , or a 30 mm or 35 mm that gives entry - level cameras more of a " normal " — what your eye can see — perspective .
At this point , in addition to the original cost of your camera , you 've spent less than $ 500 , and you 've added immeasurable functionality and artistic wiggle room .
You can stop here , and you wo n't be judged .
But , if you like , I can tell you about two more lenses that might rock your casbah .
Advertisement
ULTRA -WIDE ANGLE ZOOM
That kit lens brings you down to 18 mm , which is enough for you to stand in a corner of a room and shoot pretty much anything going on in that room .
But what if you 're not in the corner ?
The same twist of fate that makes pro-level telephoto lenses even more zoomy on your entry - level DSLR makes wide angles trickier — or at least more expensive — to attain .
Why is this ?
Film is flat , so light can come in at any angle , and the film will mostly record it .
But camera sensor pixels are concave , and do n't do well with light coming in from the side .
Think of the pixels as little water glasses , says Sigma 's Dave Metz .
" You can fill them up with water by pouring it in from above , but try shooting it in from the side with a garden hose , and it 's going to go all over the place . "
A telephoto by definition is pulling in light from directly in front of it , whereas a wide angle by definition is bringing in light from the sides , too .
Hence the trouble , and the added expense .
Advertisement
But if you have the means , it 's the consensus of my experts that you should pick yourself up an ultra - wide - angle zoom lens ( 10 - 24 mm , 10 - 22 mm or 10 - 20 mm ) .
Just be very careful that it's one built specifically for entry - level DSLRs , with the arcane designations I mentioned in the " Lens Labeling " section .
Discounted on Amazon , Nikon 's is selling for $ 809 while Canon 's is around $ 730 .
Tamron and Sigma make them for Canon and Nikon for just under $ 500 .
Credits : Stephen Lang - Sigma ; David FitzSimmons - Sigma ; Carol Polich - Sigma ; Joe DiMaggio - Sigma
Advertisement
And the aesthetic pay off ?
As Metz tells it , " I am sure you 've seen a beautiful mountain scene ; in the foreground there 's beautiful little flowers .
Because they 're so close , they appear out of perspective .
You effectively enlarge the flowers . "
It 's also , as he points out , the best way to make sure that all the uncles and aunts are included in the family portrait you take at the Christmas dinner table .
MACRO
The final stop on our survey of lens - topia is the macro— or big hairy bug — lens .
" When I try to show people about macro photography , they say ' What is that ? ' " says Lisette Ranga , a Canon camera marketing specialist , " but when they look through the viewfinder , and see how close you can get , they get it . "
While I do n't understand why people like taking pictures of bugs and flowers so much , I am a victim of the chronic urge to do so .
Though some are 50 mm or thereabouts , many macros are telephoto lenses .
The ideal , it seems , is to shoot stuff up close that you would n't even want to get near — he who snaps the most snakes and scorpions wins .
Advertisement
Credits : Canon 60 mm Macro sample ; Canon 60 mm Macro sample ; David FitzSimmons - Sigma ; Lindsay Silverman - Nikon
So what do you look for ?
Typically , macro lenses have a fixed aperture of f/2.8 ( sometimes f/2.5 ) .
Sigma has five lenses , ranging from 50 mm ( $ 300 ) to 180 mm ( $ 900 ) , all fixed , plus a few zooms such as the one I personally want to try out , the 24 - 70 mm ( $ 570 , compared to well over $ 1,000 for the equivalent Canon or Nikon ) .
What 's cool is that when you 're not photographing scorpions ( or stamps or coins or documents ) , you can use these for portraits and other " normal " shooting , but with such sharp resolve that some even recommend a bit of digital softening .
Advertisement
So you see , adding those final two lenses more than doubles your investment , and for a diminished payoff .
That 's what you would buy next , but for most of you , it 's not what you should be buying .
IMAGE STABILIZATION , LENS MOUNTS AND YOUR DADDY'S LENS COLLECTION
Though some readers probably gave up on this story a long time ago , I have made every attempt to keep it clear and moving .
In doing so , I skipped over lots of hot topics , including image stabilization and lens compatibility .
Advertisement
Canon and Nikon currently promote the hell out of image stabilizing lenses , in large part because their cameras do not have in - camera image stabilization like Sony , Pentax and Olympus .
While image stabilization does tend to matter , its location does n't seem to matter as much .
The consensus on the internet is that it 's a drag to have to buy IS in lenses over and over , and from what I 've seen , there is a clear added cost when buying lenses a la carte .
Nevertheless , there 's a premium for buying Nikon and Canon because they are consistently the best reviewed and the biggest sellers , so there 's no right or wrong .
It 's just something to look for when buying lenses , and to discuss with your favorite camera nerds .
The main reason Canon and Nikon do n't have IS in their cameras is that the camera technologies pre-date the digital revolution , and it was harder to do with film .
The flipside is this :
Older film - based lenses from Canon and Nikon work on newer Canon and Nikon digital cameras .
For Canon , it 's the EF standard , which dates back to 1987 .
If the lens says EF on it , it will work .
If it says EF - S , it was specifically made for entry - level DSLRs , and wo n't work on pricier pro models .
If you put an EF lens on a camera that typically takes EF - S lenses , remember to multiply by 1.6 to figure out the real focal length .
Advertisement
For Nikon , it 's a tad weirder :
Any F - mount lens dating back to 1959 will fit on the thing , but only the lenses labeled AF - S will definitely work with D40/ D60 / D90 / D3000 / D5000 class of entry - level DSLRs .
If the lens does n't say " DX " on it , multiply the focal length by 1.5 to see what it really is .
If your dad hands you a bag of Nikon lenses , accept them graciously , and try them all out , but be ready for weird results , or at the very least , a sudden lack of autofocus and auto metering .
LENS QUALITY
I want to leave you with one final bone of contention — the quality of the lenses .
I recognize that I have made many suggestions that seem like go - out - and - buy - 'em recommendations .
I do think that shopping for new lenses on a tight budget is a good way to expand as a photographer , but this is not a " buyer 's guide . "
Advertisement
Many photography enthusiasts believe buying a cheap lens to attach to your camera would be like buying a used prophylactic to ... well , I 'll spare you the imagery .
But the point is , there is surely a reason why third - party ultra - wide - angle zoom lenses cost half as much as big name versions , just as there is surely a reason why Canon 's 50 mm f/1.4 costs nearly four times as much as its 50 mm f/1.8 .
There are real differences in lenses , and I 'm happy to invite you to discuss them below .
Squeak Etoys release candidate 30 September , 2009
Timothy Falconer wrote to the squeak - dev mailing list to announce the Squeak Etoys 4 release candidate , in preparation for final release on 21st October .
This release is the product of nine months of work by the Etoys software team , and several weeks of sprinting by Bert Freudenberg , Yoshiki Ohshima , Scott Wallace and Timothy .
The Etoys team are now looking for your input : Timothy says “ Please help us test the new Etoys !
We want to make sure that it ’s rock solid before getting used in schools and homes throughout the world ” .
You can download the Etoys 4 release candidate at http://squeakland.org/download under “ Release Candidates ” .
Highlights of Etoys 4 include :
loading and sharing projects directly to the central Squeakland Showcase
fully “ license clean ” , so that it can be included in Linux distros
improved toolbar and viewer
optional drop - down categories for the project info box
lots of fixes and new translations throughout
To learn more about what ’s new in Etoys 4 , you can watch an interview with Scott Wallace or an introduction to the new beta showcase .
If you find any problems in the release candidate , you can try the Etoys chat channel , or post in the forums , or if you ’re able to reproduce the error , add a ticket to the issue tracker .
Timothy passes on special thanks to everyone who made suggestions or helped the team to test the betas , saying “ We ’d be nowhere without our community ! ”
Folk wisdom usually has it that " seeing is believing , " but new research suggests that " believing is seeing , " too – at least when it comes to perceiving other people 's emotions .
An international team of psychologists from the United States , New Zealand and France has found that the way we initially think about the emotions of others biases our subsequent perception ( and memory ) of their facial expressions .
So once we interpret an ambiguous or neutral look as angry or happy , we later remember and actually see it as such .
The study , published in the September issue of the journal Psychological Science , " addresses the age - old question : ' Do we see reality as it is , or is what we see influenced by our preconceptions ? ' " said coauthor Piotr Winkielman , professor of psychology at the University of California , San Diego .
" Our findings indicate that what we think has a noticeable effect on our perceptions . "
" We imagine our emotional expressions as unambiguous ways of communicating how we 're feeling , " said coauthor Jamin Halberstadt , of the University of Otago in New Zealand , " but in real social interactions , facial expressions are blends of multiple emotions – they are open to interpretation .
This means that two people can have different recollections about the same emotional episode , yet both be correct about what they ' saw . '
So when my wife remembers my smirk as cynicism , she is right : her explanation of the expression at the time biased her perception of it .
But it is also true that , had she explained my expression as empathy , I would n't be sleeping on the couch . "
" It 's a paradox , " Halberstadt added .
" The more we seek meaning in other emotions , the less accurate we are in remembering them . "
The researchers point out that implications of the results go beyond everyday interpersonal misunderstandings – especially for those who have persistent or dysfunctional ways of understanding emotions , such as socially anxious or traumatized individuals .
For example , the socially anxious have negative interpretations of others ' reactions that may permanently color their perceptions of feelings and intentions , perpetuating their erroneous beliefs even in the face of evidence to the contrary .
Other applications of the findings include eyewitness memory : A witness to a violent crime , for example , may attribute malice to a perpetrator – an impression which , according to the researchers , will influence memory for the perpetrator 's face and emotional expression .
The researchers showed experimental participants still photographs of faces computer - morphed to express ambiguous emotion and instructed them to think of these faces as either angry or happy .
Participants then watched movies of the faces slowly changing expression , from angry to happy , and were asked to find the photograph they had originally seen .
People 's initial interpretations influenced their memories : Faces initially interpreted as angry were remembered as expressing more anger than faces initially interpreted as happy .
Even more interesting , the ambiguous faces were also perceived and reacted to differently .
By measuring subtle electrical signals coming from the muscles that control facial expressions , the researchers discovered that the participants imitated – on their own faces – the previously interpreted emotion when viewing the ambiguous faces again .
In other words , when viewing a facial expression they had once thought about as angry , people expressed more anger themselves than did people viewing the same face if they had initially interpreted it as happy .
Because it is largely automatic , the researchers write , such facial mimicry reflects how the ambiguous face is perceived , revealing that participants were literally seeing different expressions .
" The novel finding here , " said Winkielman , of UC San Diego , " is that our body is the interface :
The place where thoughts and perceptions meet .
It supports a growing area of research on ' embodied cognition ' and ' embodied emotion . '
Our corporeal self is intimately intertwined with how – and what – we think and feel . "
Also coauthors on the study are Paula Niedenthal and Nathalie Dalle , both at the Universite Blaise Pascall , Clermont - Ferrand , France .
The research was supported by a National Science Foundation grant to Winkielman and Niedenthal and a University of Otago Research Grant to Halberstadt .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - More than 35 million Americans received food stamps in June , up 22 percent from June 2008 and a new record as the country continued to grapple with the worst recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
The food stamp program , which helps cover the cost of groceries for one in nine Americans , has grown in step with the U.S. unemployment rate which stood at 9.4 percent in July .
The Labor Department will release August employment figures on Friday .
June was the seventh straight month in which food stamp rolls set a record .
The average benefit in June was $ 133.12 per person .
Police took action after Mr Zelaya 's supporters defied a curfew Honduran security forces have broken up protests outside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa in support of deposed President Manuel Zelaya , reports say .
Police have surrounded the embassy , where Mr Zelaya is staying , and the scene is now said to be calm .
Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva urged Mr Zelaya not to provoke a confrontation , AP news agency reports .
Mr Zelaya made a surprise return on Monday after months of exile .
Interim authorities say he must face trial .
But the US and other governments have joined Mr Zelaya in calling for a negotiated settlement to the crisis , which began when Mr Zelaya was forced out of the country at gunpoint on 28 June .
' Asphyxiation '
Security forces surrounded the embassy and used tear gas to disperse thousands of Mr Zelaya 's supporters in an operation that began in the early morning local time on Tuesday .
ANALYSIS Gary Duffy , BBC News , Sao Paulo
The Brazilian authorities recognise that their staff in Honduras are caught up in a very delicate situation .
The ambassador is back in Brazil , there is only a charge d'affaires and a very small team , with not much security .
Lights , water and telephones were cut off yesterday and the only contact is by mobile phone .
However , President Lula has expressed his complete support for Mr Zelaya and the ministry of foreign affairs here says he will not be asked to leave nor will he be handed over to the Honduran authorities .
The clear message from Brazil is that there has to be a negotiated solution to this crisis .
A protest leader , Juan Barahona , alleged that police had used live rounds , but this was denied by the interim deputy foreign minister , Martha Lorena Alvarado .
The demonstrators had defied a curfew imposed after Mr Zelaya made his dramatic appearance in the Brazilian embassy on Monday .
The Brazilian president said he spoke to Mr Zelaya , telling him not to provide a pretext for interim authorities to invade his country 's embassy , AP reported .
Mr Lula reiterated his support for a negotiated end to the stand - off , reports said .
But inside the embassy , Mr Zelaya told Venezuelan broadcaster Telesur that interim authorities were cutting off all supplies to the embassy .
" I think they are going to employ a strategy of asphyxiating the embassy by surrounding it , cutting off the food supply , asphyxiating the people inside in order to demonstrate their force and power , and to try and humiliate the people in here who are really trying to find a solution , for dialogue at a national level , " he said .
TIMELINE : ZELAYA OUSTED 28 June : Zelaya forced out of country at gunpoint 5 July : A dramatic bid by Zelaya to return home by plane fails after the runway at Tegucigalpa airport is blocked 25 - 26 July : Zelaya briefly crosses into the country at the land border with Nicaragua on two consecutive days , in a symbolic move to demand he be allowed to return 21 Sept : Zelaya appears in the Brazilian embassy in Tegulcigalpa
In full : Zelaya speaks to BBC In pictures : Zelaya 's return Readers ' reaction from Honduras
In an interview with BBC Mundo Ms Alvarado , the interim deputy foreign minister , said the government expected " that in the next few hours Brazil would either hand him [ Zelaya ] over or grant him political asylum " .
Despite the international condemnation of the circumstances of Mr Zelaya 's removal from office , she said , " that does not permit any embassy to use its diplomatic territory ... to urge a civil uprising " .
" It is fine that they support Zelaya 's return but by force is not the way to proceed , " she said .
" When Mr Zelaya was sent into exile , it was precisely to avoid what you are seeing now , disturbances directed by him , " Ms Alvarado told BBC Mundo .
In addition to the curfew , airports have been shut and roadblocks set up on highways leading into Tegucigalpa .
Calls for calm Earlier , Brazil 's Foreign Minister Celso Amorim warned that any threat to Mr Zelaya or the Brazilian embassy would be a grave breach of international law .
The European Union also called for calm following Mr Zelaya 's dramatic return to the country .
In a statement , it called on Mr Zelaya and the interim government to negotiate an end to the three - month crisis .
It added its voice to that of US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said Mr Zelaya 's return must not lead to violence .
Are you in Honduras ?
What is your reaction to Manuel Zelaya 's return ?
Did you witness the protests ?
Send your comments using the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
You can also send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text it to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
At no time should you endanger yourself or others .
Click here forterms and conditions .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ars technica is reporting on the ruling from the FTC about the software shenanigans of Kmart and Sears .
The marketing geniuses behind the parent company of Sears and Kmart decided they needed more information about the users of their website .
Their solution ?
Offering $ 10 to users who install their custom software which phones home with data on just about everything they do on their computer .
Not content with just browsing habits of webites , the software apparently recorded everything the user did online , including secure sessions .
Under the settlement ( PDF ) with the FTC , Sears says they will stop collecting data and promises to destroy any and all information they ’ve collected so far .
Selling what websites you ’ve been to , how much money you have , which prescriptions you take and what products you ’re interested in for the low low price of $ 10 seems like a bargain .
The administration ’s effort is complicated by the fact that Pakistan is producing an unknown amount of new bomb - grade uranium and , once a series of new reactors is completed , bomb - grade plutonium for a new generation of weapons .
President Obama has called for passage of a treaty that would stop all nations from producing more fissile material  the hardest part of making a nuclear weapon  but so far has said nothing in public about Pakistan ’s activities .
Bruce Riedel , the Brookings Institution scholar who served as the co-author of Mr. Obama ’s review of Afghanistan - Pakistan strategy , reflected the administration ’s concern in a recent interview , saying that Pakistan “ has more terrorists per square mile than anyplace else on earth , and it has a nuclear weapons program that is growing faster than anyplace else on earth . ”
Obama administration officials said that they had communicated to Congress that their intent was to assure that military aid to Pakistan was directed toward counterterrorism and not diverted .
But Admiral Mullen ’s public confirmation that the arsenal is increasing  a view widely held in both classified and unclassified analyses  seems certain to aggravate Congress ’s discomfort .
Whether that discomfort might result in a delay or reduction in aid to Pakistan is still unclear .
The Congressional briefings have taken place in recent weeks as Pakistan has descended into further chaos and as Congress has considered proposals to spend $ 3 billion over the next five years to train and equip Pakistan ’s military for counterinsurgency warfare .
That aid would come on top of $ 7.5 billion in civilian assistance .
None of the proposed military assistance is directed at the nuclear program .
So far , America ’s aid to Pakistan ’s nuclear infrastructure has been limited to a $ 100 million classified program to help Pakistan secure its weapons and materials from seizure by Al Qaeda , the Taliban or “ insiders ” with insurgent loyalties .
Marc Garlasco has been suspended from Human Rights Watch
A human rights group has suspended its senior military analyst after revelations that he collects Nazi memorabilia .
New York - based Human Rights Watch said Marc Garlasco was on suspension with pay " pending an investigation " .
Mr Garlasco 's hobby was revealed by Mere Rhetoric , a pro-Israeli blog which said the activities reflected " an anti-Israeli bias " .
Mr Garlasco said he was interested in military history and was not pro-Nazi .
He said his interest sprang from the fact that his grandfather had been conscripted into the Nazi army .
" I 've never hidden my hobby , because there 's nothing shameful in it , however weird it might seem to those who are n't fascinated by military history , " he wrote in an essay posted on Friday on The Huffington Post , a political website and blog .
" Precisely because it 's so obvious that the Nazis were evil , I never realised that other people , including friends and colleagues , might wonder why I care about these things , " he added .
Human Rights
Watch said it had no evidence that Mr Garlasco 's hobby affected his analysis , and said he had " never expressed any anti-Semitic or neo - Nazi statements " .
" We do know he collects German and American World War II memorabilia , but we have questions as to whether we 've learned everything we need to know , " said Carroll Bogert , a spokeswoman for the organisation .
After angering the liberal wing of her party over compromises made to conservative Democrats , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) has decided to allow a floor vote later this year on a plan creating a single - payer government - financed health care program .
The decision surprised Congressman Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) , who was pushing such a plan to be a part of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce ’s version of a healthcare reform bill .
Now , Weiner will be able to present his alternative reform measure as its own legislation for the entire House to vote on .
Committee chairman Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) doubts the single - payer plan can garner sufficient votes to pass .
But he said it ’s important for the plan to be given a chance , in order to assuage the left - wing of the Democratic caucus .
Weiner , co-chair of the Middle Class Caucus , has led the effort for single - payer along with Representatives Tammy Baldwin ( D - WI ) , Mike Doyle ( D - PA ) , Elliot Engel ( D - NY ) , Bobby Rush ( D - IL ) , Janice Schakowsky ( D - IL ) , and Peter Welch ( D - VT ) .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Africa - Studio / Shutterstock
We do n’t like TVs
A loud TV or radio can be a better deterrent than the best alarm system .
If you ’re reluctant to leave your TV on while you ’re out of town , you can buy a $ 35 device that works on a timer and simulates the flickering glow of a real television .
( Find it at faketv.com . )
Criminals are n’t just in your home , though –they ’re also online .
Here ’s how you can protect yourself while surfing the web .
Obama and the Left The lesson of the rise and fall of Van Jones .
By Murray Bourne , 14 Sep 2009
Vector fields provide an interesting way to look at the world .
First , a quick bit of background .
A vector is a quantity with magnitude and direction .
A simple example is the velocity of a car that is traveling at 100 km/h in a Northerly direction .
The vector representing this motion has magnitude 100 km/h and direction North .
We usually represent a vector using an arrow .
The size and direction of the arrow indicates the magnitude and direction of the vector .
( See more in the Vectors chapter in IntMath . )
Before I tell you what a vector field is , let 's look at a few examples .
Each of them involves patterns - the building block of all math .
Weather charts - wind speed and direction
The daily weather chart ( showing wind speeds ) is an example of a vector field .
The wind direction and strength is given for different points on the Earth 's surface .
[ Image source ]
In the above chart of the Australia / South Asia region , gentle winds ( across most of the Indian Ocean ) are indicated by a small arrow head , and stronger winds by larger arrow heads .
Winds rotate around high and low pressure systems , in opposite directions for the Northern and Southern hemispheres .
Below is another wind chart giving us a better idea what a vector field is .
This time we are looking at the winds surrounding Cyclone Ike , which devastated Texas in September 2008 .
The winds in the center were over 200 km /h .
( The scale on the chart is in knots , the unit we usually use for wind speed . )
The direction of the " F " symbols indicate wind speed , while the color indicates magnitude .
Wind chart - Cyclone Ike from the Quikscat satellite [ source ]
Another example of a vector field is the pattern made by iron filings when under the influence of a magnetic field .
Iron filings lining up around a magnet .
Image source
We 're ready for a loose definition of a vector field .
Definition of Vector Field
A vector field is simply a diagram that shows the magnitude and direction of vectors ( forces , velocities , etc ) in different parts of space .
Vector fields exhibit certain common shapes , which include a " source " ( where the vectors emanate out of one point ) , a " sink " ( where the vectors disappear into a hole , something like a black hole effect ) , a " saddle point " ( which looks like a horse 's saddle ) , and a " rotation " ( where objects rotate around some point , something like a planetary system ) .
Following are some excellent visualizations of vector fields for you .
If you visit the links , you can play with the vector fields to explore the concepts involved .
There 's some pretty neat art going on , too , but that 's just a lucky outcome .
Rotations , sinks , sources , and saddle points
Visit the following example from the Demonstrations site by Wolfram .
These interactives are made using Mathematica .
There are 2 things you can do :
Watch an animation that shows the outcome of parameter changes ( click the " watch Web preview " link at the top right of each animation ) , or
You can download the Mathematica Player and interact with the documents , and explore by changing parameters .
This is recommended !
The link to the interactive : Vector Fields : Streamline through a Point
In this interactive , you can grab the point indicated by the larger dot and explore the direction of the vector field .
The developer says :
Drag the locator ; the red streamline then passes through that point , illustrating the flow of the vector field .
The vector fields show rotations , sinks , sources , and saddle points .
A " source "
A saddle point
A hilly bowl - shaped vector field
A Neural Network and vector fields
Your brain consists of millions of neural networks .
When you start thinking about something , some of your neurons fire and this triggers nearby brain cells to fire .
Soon ( within milliseconds ) , a larger network of neurons begins to fire ( you are getting excited about what you are thinking about and it begins to consume more of your attention ) .
This scenario is demonstrated in the following screen shots from the animation : Cellular - Automaton - Like Neural Network in a Toroidal Vector Field
The first torus shows the beginnings of our thought , the second one shows the network after some excitation .
Neurons firing in a neural network
The developer of this interactive says :
Red indicates cellular activity ( a neuronal spike ) while blue indicates inactivity .
Color intensity encodes the value of a binary internal state variable .
The weights between each cell and each of its neighbors have been adjusted to reflect Boltzmann - like transition probabilities appropriate for flow in a constant vector field on a torus ( the angle of the field is an adjustable parameter in this Demonstration ) .
Vector Field Java Applet ( from Falstad )
This is a superb interactive .
There are a huge number of examples here ( use the pull - down arrows at the top right of the java applet ) , with clear animations indicating direction and magnitude ( usually velocity or forces involved ) .
The link : Vector field animations ( java applet ) .
A screen shot :
3 - D Vector Fields
Here is an animation from Australia 's Bureau of Meteorology showing the wind velocities involved when a high and a low pressure centre interact .
Source : Animations of wind in 3 dimensions
Here are some more examples of 3 - D vector fields , once again from Wolfram 's Demonstrations .
Modeling Game Behaviour
This next one is a vector field related to gaming and learning .
We all learn from experience .
We tend to be attracted to strategies ( in real life and in games ) that were successful in the past .
' Experience - weighted attraction ' ( EWA ) learning is a model of game behaviour where we modify our strategies based on our success with those strategies .
For example , in the game of chess , we may find that we are most successful when attacking with our knights , so we continue to use that approach .
But our opponent learns what we are doing and develops a good counter - attack .
We change our approach .
The mathematics behind all this is that we can estimate probabilities of players changing approach .
Since these are multi-dimensional problems , we can draw vector fields representing the probable outcomes .
This interactive shows such a vector field .
In this game , a player can either cooperate with the other player , one cooperates , the other does n't , they both defect or the other player defects .
The following variables are involved when two players use the Bush–Mosteller reinforcement learning algorithm playing a symmetric game :
The payoff a defector gets when the other player cooperates ( for temptation ) ;
The payoff obtained by both players when they both cooperate ; ( for reward ) ;
Both players obtain a payoff when they both defect ( for punishment ) ; and finally ,
The payoff a cooperator gets when the other player defects ( for suckers ) .
Expected Motion in 2x2 Symmetric Games Played by Reinforcement Learners
Here 's what you 'll see :
Helmholtz - Coil Fields ( Electricity )
Helmholtz - Coil Fields
Two parallel circular conductors both carry current in the same direction .
The circles lie parallel to the x-y plane .
A simple example of a Vector Field
Here 's a more formal definition of a vector field .
It applies to 3 - dimensional space as well .
Definition : A vector field in two dimensional space is a function that assigns to each point ( x , y ) a two dimensional vector given by F( x , y ) .
This means every point on the plane has a vector associated with it ( with magnitude and direction ) .
Example :
The force operating at a point ( x , y ) on a surface is given by f( x , y ) = ( - y , 3 x )
We could also write this as f( x , y ) = - yi + 3 xj , where i is the unit vector in the x-direction and j is the unit vector in the y - direction .
Let 's see what this means with 4 points in the plane .
( a) If we are at the origin , ( 0,0 ) , there is no force at all , since f( 0,0 ) = 0i + 0j
( b) At the point ( 1,1 ) , the force will be f( 1,1 ) = - 1 i + 3 j , so the force is in the up - left direction , with magnitude √ 10 .
( c) Another point ( - 1,2 ) will have force - 2 i − 3 j , which points down - left with magnitude √ 13 .
(d) At the point ( - 2 , - 4 ) , the force vector will be f( - 2 , - 4 ) = 4 i − 6 j that is , a force of magnitude √ 52 pointing right and down .
( e) Point ( 4,4 ) will have force - 4 i + 12 j , which points up - left with magnitude √ 160 = 12.65 .
Here are the 5 vectors we just described .
Notice the forces in the middle of the vector field are very small , and they get bigger as you get further from the origin .
That brings us to the end of our exploration of vector fields .
They are not scary , despite the way many textbooks present the topic .
See the 16 Comments below .
Laser Treatment Could Make Plain Light Bulb Much More Efficient
June 2nd , 2009 by Dave Tyler
Could a regular light bulb end up being an energy efficient competitor to a compact fluorescent bulb ?
Researchers at the University of Rochester say yes .
[ social_buttons ]
A team of optics researchers at the school say they ’ve developed a process that makes a 100 - watt incandescent bulb use less electricity than a 60 - watt bulb .
The process , they say , would keep the cost of a traditional light bulb well under that of its fluorescent counterpart while maintaining the more pleasant light an incandescent bulb gives off .
Professor Chunlei Guo ( pictured above ) and his team developed a laser process that treats the tungsten filament in a traditional bulb .
The process creates nano - and micro- level structures on the filament that dramatically improve its efficiency .
The process involves an incredibly short femtosecond laser pulse , which lasts only a few quadrillionths of a second .
“ We knew it should work in theory , ” says Guo , “ but we were still surprised when we turned up the power on this bulb and saw just how much brighter the processed spot was . ”
It ’s not immediately clear how long it would take to commercialize the discovery .
But the laser in the Rochester process can be powered by a standard wall outlet — meaning it could be relatively simple to implement in a manufacturing environment once refined .
Other technologies are also crowding the field .
The U.S. Navy is promoting LED and HID lighting in its ships .
Cambridge Researchers say they ’ve developed a LED bulb that costs $ 3 and last 60 years .
A technology called ESL is headed to market as well .
It will be interesting to see if the Rochester process finds a place on store shelves .
Photo Credit : University of Rochester .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
' They want to silence anyone who speaks out against it , ' says Joe Wilson , who has become public enemy number one for Democrats after he interrupted President Obama 's health care speech Wednesday night .
Wilson : ' I will not be muzzled '
South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson released a fiery fundraising appeal late Thursday , calling himself a target of the left and vowing to push forward in his battle against President Obama ’s health care reform effort .
“ … I will not be muzzled .
I will speak up loudly against this risky plan , ” Wilson says in the video appeal on his campaign Web site .
Advertisement
Wilson ’s combative video appeared 24 hours after he shouted “ You lie ! ” at President Obama during a joint session of Congress after the president called the idea that his reform plan would provide insurance to illegal immigrants a myth .
Wilson immediately faced a chorus of criticism , including from many in his own party .
But in his appeal , Wilson presents himself as a target for Democrats seeking to push health care reform forward .
And he pointedly refuses to back away from his assertion that Obama ’s plan would supply health care to illegal immigrants .
“ The supporters of the government takeover of health care and the liberals who want to give health care to illegals are using my opposition as an excuse to distract from the critical questions being raised about this poorly conceived plan , ” Wilson says .
“ They want to silence anyone who speaks out against it .
They made it clear they want to defeat me and pass the plan . ”
“ I need your help now , ” Wilson pleads , directing viewers to his campaign Web site .
Wilson ’s appeal for campaign cash capped a day of frenzied political activity , with Wilson ’s Democratic opponent , former marine Rob Miller , raising a whopping $ 700,000 over the course of the day .
Wilson , looking directly into the camera , begins the video acknowledging that his outburst Wednesday evening was “ wrong . ”
“ Last night , I let my emotions get the better of me on the critical issue of health care , ” he says .
GRAND RAPIDS --
Artists from around the world are expected to descend on Grand Rapids this fall to compete for votes and the world 's largest prize for art during a two - week event announced by Amway heir Rick DeVos this morning .
The nearly $ 500,000 ArtPrize competition is designed to draw worldwide attention to Grand Rapids through its integration of technology , a diverse group of venues and the creations of hundreds of competitors working in virtually any medium .
Saying the comparison to " American Idol " is " inevitable , " DeVos said prizes will be awarded based on public votes cast via text messages , the Web and special applications developed for devices such as the iPhone .
DeVos said he sees the democratic and technological aspects of the event as a way to " reboot the conversation between artists and the public . "
The competition begins Sept. 23 .
Ten top vote recipients will be chosen after the first week to compete in a second round of public voting for the $ 250,000 , $ 100,000 and $ 50,000 first , second and third place prizes to be awarded Oct.
8 . Each finalist will receive at least $ 7,000 .
The announcement ended more than a week of speculation that began when DeVos sent invitations to an event this morning where he planned to announce " a major initiative that will affect Grand Rapids for years to come . "
A webcast of the public announcement of ArtPrize was available at the Internet broadcasting site Ustream.tv starting at 9 a.m .
Watch the ustream video :
And a promotional video :
The event draws on DeVos ' experience with his company , Spout.com , an Internet community for film buffs , and thecommon.org , a Web site that matches the abilities of people in communities with organizations in need .
" A lot of my ideas are around using technology to connect people to each other or to art in new and interesting ways , " said DeVos , 27 , grandson of Amway co-founder Rich DeVos and son of former Amway chief executive and Michigan gubernatorial candidate Dick DeVos .
" Thinking about that , thinking about events , thinking about an overall love of art , I started to come up with questions like , ' What if we took a completely different approach to having an event in Grand Rapids ? '
" What if the city itself was a gallery ? "
DeVos said travels to international gatherings such as the Sundance Film Festival in Park City , Utah , and South by Southwest in Austin , Texas , helped him formulate ArtPrize .
The Dick and Betsy DeVos Foundation has made a multi-year commitment to provide the prize money .
Sponsorships are being sought for venues , artists and other facets of the event .
" Our family sees ArtPrize as a new and innovative way to engage and support the arts for the future , " Betsy DeVos said in a statement .
" Dick and I share our son 's vision for encouraging everyone to explore the arts in a truly democratic way . "
To avoid ballot - stuffing and other manipulations common with Internet voting , voters will need to register at ArtPrize venues to ensure they do n't vote more than once during each component of the contest .
DeVos said how people react to the competition will be part of what makes ArtPrize a unique and engaging experience .
Hundreds of venues are expected to be part of the event , ranging from corporate lobbies and empty buildings to public parks .
Hear Press business reporter Chris Knape discuss ArtPrize this morning on WLHT :
DETAILS
Explaining ArtPrize
What :
An international arts competition with nearly $ 500,000 in prizes awarded to artists whose works receive the most public votes
When : Sept. 23 - Oct. 10
Where : Venues throughout downtown and surrounding neighborhoods
Cost : $ 50 entry fee for artists and a $ 100 registration fee for venues
Who are the artists ?
All professional and amateur artists 18 and older may participate
Where 's the money coming from ?
The Dick & Betsy DeVos Foundation is providing prize money ; corporate sponsors are being sought
More information : ArtPrize.org
The Web site ArtPrize.org will serve as " a dating site for artists and venues to meet each other " starting today , as they will need to work together to ensure an appropriate fit .
The former federal building , Huntington Bank 's local headquarters , the Urban Institute of Contemporary Arts and city parks and bridges are a few of the venues already committed to the project .
While DeVos said he did n't have any names of artists committed to the program , he has been working with artists around the world on developing the concept and generating interest .
" The call is going to go out to thousands and thousands of artists tomorrow to kick this off , " he said during an interview Wednesday .
Entries will be accepted via the Web site until July 31 .
The event will help harness and show off the creative energy and " cultural capital " Grand Rapids has developed over the years , said Joseph Becherer , director of exhibitions and curator of sculpture at Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park .
" This kind of gift tied to this kind of ingenuity can only mean something positive for Grand Rapids as it is now , but also helping to imagine Grand Rapids as it will be tomorrow , " Becherer said .
Becherer said he sees pros and cons to the populist nature of the event .
He noted the pop art movement of the 1950s and 60s had some similarities to ArtPrize .
" The idea of bringing artists together has , in some ways , a very American feel to it , " he said .
Carol Coletta , president and CEO of the Chicago - based urban development group CEOs for Cities , who helped DeVos develop the concept , called ArtPrize a " big idea " that will influence the way the world views Grand Rapids .
" I can't think of anything better for the city and its positioning as a city that 's doing things that are cutting - edge , " she said .
" It 's distinctive .
It 's never been done , and it 's a very clever use of core resources .
It just sort of hits on all cylinders . "
Interactive ArtPrize Venue map
A map of the venues registered for ArtPrize , an international art competition being held in Grand Rapids , MI , Sept. 23 to Oct. 10 .
View ArtPrize Venue map in a larger map
E-mail Chris Knape : cknape@grpress.com
On Friday , about 3,000 Muslims showed up in Washington to pray in front of the U.S. Capitol :
“ America is not perfect , ” Abdul Malik , an organizer of the event called Islam on Capitol Hill , told the crowd .
“ But I will say something it took me my whole adult life to come to : America is not perfect , but I want to tell the truth :
It is one of the best places in the world to live . ” …
There were also anti-Muslim protesters near the event .
Earlier , Malik said , “ This is not a protest , it is a day of prayer , of devotion , hoping that we can work … for the betterment of the world community . ”
He added , “ We can come together and work together for the common good . ”
Sounds harmless enough .
And since tens of thousands of Christians descended upon the city a couple weeks ago for the FOXNews - sponsored 9/12 event , you imagine they ’d be cool with other groups showing up to display their own faith .
I ’m just kidding .
They ’re going batshit insane over this :
Across the street from the service , Christian protesters gathered with banners , crosses and anti-Islamic messages .
One group , which stood next to a 10 - foot - tall wooden cross and two giant wooden tablets depicting the Ten Commandments , was led by the Rev. Flip Benham of Concord , N.C. “ I would suggest you convert to Christ ! ” Benham shouted over a megaphone .
Islam “ forces its dogma down your throat . ”
A few Christian protesters gathered at the rear of the Muslim crowd , holding Bibles and praying . …
“ It is important for Christians to understand that Friday ’s Muslim prayer initiative is part of a well - defined strategy to Islamize American society and replace the Bible with the Koran , the cross with the Islamic crescent and the church bells with the Athan [ the Muslim call to prayer ] , ” the Rev. Canon Julian Dobbs , leader of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America ’s Church and Islam Project , said in a written statement .
“ The time has come for the American public to call Islam to account , ” he said .
Right … Islam “ forces its dogma down your throat . ”
Christians never do that …
It ’s not all Christians who feel this way , of course , but more than enough to make anyone uncomfortable .
Where ’s the backlash from Christians standing up for the Muslims ’ right to pray ?
[ Crickets chirp ]
Hmph .
At least one member of the Christian Left , Brian McLaren , is doing something about it .
Not in reaction to the prayer protests , but well before it , he decided to fast for Ramadan along with his Muslim friends :
This year , I , along with a few Christian friends ( and perhaps others currently unknown to us will want to join in ) will be joining Muslim friends in the fast which begins August 21 .
We are not doing so in order to become Muslims : we are deeply committed Christians .
But as Christians , we want to come close to our Muslim neighbors and to share this important part of life with them .
Just as Jesus , a devout Jew , overcame religious prejudice and learned from a Syrophonecian woman and was inspired by her faith two thousand years ago ( Matthew 15:21 ff , Mark 7:24 ff ) , we seek to learn from our Muslim sisters and brothers today .
Nice gesture , even though I do n’t see what fasting alone will accomplish .
I think Muslims would rather appreciate Christians taking action against what more conservative Christians are doing .
Get younger Christians to join together in defense of pluralism and against the hateful practices of the Religious Right .
Be subversive from the inside .
For what it ’s worth , I ’ve seen Christians reacting to McLaren ’s call to fast , but I have n’t read about any Muslims saying it has made any difference to them .
( Thanks to Danny for the link ! )
SEPTEMBER 18--A Rainbow Coalition of arrestees kicks off this week 's mug shot roundup ( though our group of Pantone Perps is , hue - wise , a bit spotty ) .
A few notes about the remaining defendants : 1 ) The 22 - year - old Idaho woman on page # 4 has been arrested six times over the past year ( for contempt of court and failure to appear ) .
She was most recently popped Wednesday ; 2 ) Those appear to be crop marks on the California man , 23 , on page # 5 .
He was nabbed yesterday on a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge ; and 3 ) The young Floridians on page # 9 ( aged 11 and 13 ) were busted last Saturday for burglary .
( 13 pages )
Here 's a new one : a director 's cut from someone who is n't the credited director .
When producers Alexander and Ilya Salkind decided to make a Superman film , they adopted the same strategy they chose for The Three Musketeers and The Four Musketeers : shoot two at once and save some money .
But Here 's a new one : a director 's cut from someone who is n't the credited director .
When producers Alexander and Ilya Salkind decided to make a Superman film , they adopted the same strategy they chose for The Three Musketeers and The Four Musketeers : shoot two at once and save some money .
But as with the Musketeers films , the plan did n't quite work out .
The Salkinds fired Superman director Richard Donner before he could complete the sequel , brought in Musketeers director Richard Lester to replace him , and lost the participation of Gene Hackman ( who declined to come back for the Lester - shot footage ) and Marlon Brando ( whose footage was cut after he raised a stink over missing profits from the first Superman ) .
Released in 1980 in Europe and 1981 in America , Superman II met with popular success , but fans , teased by footage that showed up in TV cuts , kept the idea of a truer , Donner - ier version alive , and the clamor has finally culminated in a new cut reconstructed by Michael Thau with Donner 's approval .
The standard line holds Lester 's version as too camp , blaming him for all the film 's failings and crediting Donner with everything that works .
That would n't be fair even if it did n't disrespect Lester ( here repeatedly called " the other director " ) , who helmed masterpieces like A Hard Day 's Night and Petulia , especially since the new cut reveals that Donner deserves a great deal of the credit and blame for both versions of Superman II .
Most of the key scenes originated with Donner , and while his cut solves some of the original version 's problems ( no more Superman logo snares made out of cellophane ) , it has problems of its own .
Big problems .
Anyone wanting to avoid camp will want to fast - forward through the painful comedic scenes featuring Hackman as Lex Luthor , with moll Valerie Perrine .
One key scene obviously comes from patched - together screen tests , and the finale maddeningly repeats a cheap trick from the first Superman film .
It 's nice to see the Brando footage and the restored scenes of Christopher Reeve and Margot Kidder 's breezy chemistry .
But where the original cut at least played as a relatively cohesive movie , loose ends and all , this looks like little but loose ends .
It 's a curio , not a corrective .
…
Expand
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan ’s next leader Yukio Hatoyama , fresh from a historic election win , faced the task on Monday of forming a government to tackle challenges such as reviving the economy and steering a new course with close ally Washington .
Sunday ’s victory by the Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) ends a half - century of almost unbroken rule by the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) and breaks a deadlock in parliament , ushering in a government that has promised to focus spending on consumers , cut wasteful budget outlays and reduce the power of bureaucrats .
But the untested Democrats , which will face an upper house election in less than a year , will have to move quickly to keep support among voters worried about a record jobless rate and a rapidly aging society that is inflating social security costs .
“ Everything begins now .
Everything depends on how we can modestly create politics which considers the people , ” Hatoyama , the wealthy grandson of a former prime minister , told a news conference early on Monday .
Official figures have not yet been released , but media forecasts show the Democrats with about 307 seats in the 480 - seat lower house , compared with only 119 for the LDP .
Hatoyama was expected to quickly set up a transition team to prepare to take power but said he would not name his cabinet until the new parliament voted him in as prime minister .
Financial markets are expected to welcome the end to a political deadlock that has stymied policies as Japan struggled with its worst recession since World War Two .
The Democrats and its small allies won control of the upper house in 2007 .
Analysts say the decade - old Democrats ’ spending plans might give a short - term lift to the economy , just now emerging from recession , but worry that its programs will boost a public debt already equal to about 170 percent of GDP .
The party has vowed not to raise the 5 percent sales tax for four years while it focuses on cutting wasteful spending .
“ The problem is how much the Democrats can truly deliver in the first 100 days .
If they can come up with a cabinet line - up swiftly , that will ease market concerns over their ability to govern , ” said Koichi Haji , chief economist at NLI Research Institute .
The Democratic Party victory ended a three - way partnership between the LDP , big business and bureaucrats that turned Japan into an economic juggernaut after the country ’s defeat in World War Two .
That strategy foundered when Japan ’s “ bubble ” economy burst in the late 1980s and growth has stagnated since .
PRESSURE ON DEMOCRATS TO DELIVER
Support for the LDP , which has ruled for all but 10 months since its founding in 1955 , has been on a downtrend for years , but charismatic leader Junichiro Koizumi managed to lead the party to a huge election win in 2005 with promises of market - friendly reforms .
Slideshow ( 17 images )
Those reforms came under fire even within the LDP for worsening social and income gaps and were further attacked after the global financial crisis tipped Japan into recession .
In an essay published this month in the New York Times , Hatoyama railed at what he called the “ unrestrained market fundamentalism ” of U.S. - led globalization but at his news conference sought to allay any concerns raised by those comments .
“ We are not saying that the ( free ) market principles are all bad ...
But the current economic situation is one where there need to be corrections in areas where reform went too far , ” Hatoyama said .
Slideshow ( 17 images )
A series of scandals , policy flip - flops and a perceived inability to address deep - rooted problems such as creaking pension and health care systems eroded the LDP mandate .
Voters , having taken a gamble on change , will want to see proof quickly that the Democrats can do a better job .
“ It ’s going to be crucial how they spend the first year in office , so in that sense they have to get focused very quickly to get things accomplished , ” said Sophia University professor Koichi Nakano .
“ Otherwise , the goodwill may dissipate very quickly and they may face a hostile upper house within a year . ”
Hatoyama will want to have his cabinet up and running in time to attend a U.N. General Assembly meeting and a G20 leaders summit in Pittsburgh in September .
The Democrats want to forge a diplomatic stance more independent of the United States , raising fears about possible friction in the alliance .
They have also vowed to improve ties with Asian neighbors , often frayed by bitter wartime memories .
“ ( Hatoyama ) is basically articulating the idea that the U.S. - led Pax Americana era has come to an end , ” said Sheila Smith at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York .
“ My sense of the DPJ is that they have wanted a little distance between Tokyo and Washington . ”
Budgetary matters will claim much of the government ’s attention in its early days .
Party leaders have said they might freeze or redirect some of the 14 trillion yen ( $ 149.5 billion ) in stimulus spending planned for the year to March 31 , 2010 .
They may have to craft an extra budget for the current fiscal year to cover an expected tax revenue shortfall , and Japanese media said the party wants to have an outline of the budget for 2010 / 2011 by sometime in October .
Vegetarian Resource Group Survey Results from
Veggie Fest , Naperville , IL , August 8 - 9 , 2009
At a vegetarian festival attended by thousands of people in a suburb of Chicago recently , Vegetarian Resource Group volunteers asked 175 vegetarians and vegans what influenced them to make the switch to a plant - based diet .
Survey takers were given a list of 15 possible answers along with an " Other " choice where they could write in answers they did not find in the list .
People were asked to select only one answer ( some struggled with this at first because they felt multiple factors influenced their decision ) .
The top five answers were almost the same in vegetarians and vegans , but their position in the top five varied , except for the number one choice .
The most frequently selected factor that motivated both vegetarians and vegans to change their diet was their own inner voice .
Next , listed in order of decreasing popularity , vegetarians selected influence of a family member or friend , video or photos of animal cruelty , encounter with an animal , and print ( magazine , brochure or non-fiction book ) .
Vegans ( in order of decreasing frequency ) selected print , influence of a family member or friend , discussion with one or more persons and video or photos of animal cruelty .
Beyond the top five , a variety of other answers were selected by vegetarians and vegans such as lecture / workshop or advice from a health care practitioner .
Gretchen Chlebowski , August 31 , 2009
Surveyed : Vegetarians & Vegans *
( Vegetarians never consume meat , poultry , or fish / seafood )
My decision to become a VEGETARIAN was most greatly influenced by ( check one ) :
Count Choice 35
My own inner voice 27 Influence of a family member or friend 24 Video or photos of animal cruelty 15 Encounter with an animal 14 ( brochure , magazine , non-fiction book ) 5 Discussion with one or more persons 5 Advice from a health care practitioner 4 Lecture or workshop 2
Event where I tasted vegetarian food 2
Other non-fiction video or TV show 2 Audio ( radio show , non-fiction recording ) 2 Computer ( website , blog , electronic mail ) 0 Information booth 0 Fiction ( novel , movie , television show ) 0 Celebrity role model
Other ( survey taker wrote in their own response ) : 11 Spirituality , religion or born vegetarian 10 Health 5 Gross flesh / bad taste of meat 2
No other reason specified
* Vegans who answered this survey question were answering what caused them to become vegetarian , if vegetarianism was an intermediary step to their veganism .
Surveyed : Vegans
( Vegans are vegetarians who also never eat dairy , eggs , and honey )
My decision to become a VEGAN was most greatly influenced by ( check one ) :
Count Choice 17
My own inner voice 12 Print ( brochure , magazine , non-fiction book ) 6
Influence of a family member or friend 6 Discussion with one or more persons 5 Video or photos of animal cruelty 5 Lecture or workshop 5 Advice from a health care practitioner 3 Encounter with an animal 3 Computer ( website , blog , electronic mail ) 2
Other non-fiction video or TV show 1 Event where I tasted vegan food 1 Fiction ( novel , movie , television show ) 0 Audio ( radio show , non-fiction recording ) 0 Information booth 0 Celebrity role model
Other ( survey taker wrote in their own response ) : 5 Health 1 RGBH infected cattle 1 Raw food movement 2 Religion 1 Yoga
Click here to see the results of additional polls conducted by the Vegetarian Resource Group
Amid the thousands of words spoken and written at Labour 's conference the most vivid depiction of the mood came from a normally exuberant MP who was too miserable to utter a single sentence .
When I bumped into him on the seafront , he looked up , pointed to the opinion poll in yesterday 's Independent , sighed despondently , and walked on in silence .
The poll placed Labour at 23 per cent , a rating that makes some of its lower moments in the 1980s seem something of a triumph .
Astutely Labour 's strategists have responded to the mood by admitting they are in the doldrums .
" Operation Fightback " was the slogan that formed the backdrop to the conference 's opening session and is the theme of several ministerial speeches .
This breaks all the normal rules about how parties are meant to behave in public – revolutionary in its own tiny way .
At the Conservatives ' pre-election conference in 1996 John Major and others pretended to regard the terrible polls with disdain .
" The only poll that matters is the one on election day " was the upbeat cliché deployed by senior Tories then .
They were following tradition .
When Labour was slaughtered in the Glasgow East by - election in 1982 I recall its representative on the TV panel argue that " this result means that Michael Foot will be Prime Minister in a year 's time " .
It is a novelty for a pre-election conference to accept more or less the situation as it is , rather than pretending all is well .
They will not close this particular conference with Queen 's " We Are The Champions " ringing around the hall as they did on one occasion when they were pretending to be confident in the late 1980s .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The groundbreaking strategy reminds me of a song supporters of Spurs used to sing in those distant days when the team was performing badly .
The poetic words were : " We 're shit ... And we 're sick of it " .
In the end the counter - intuitive anthem lifted the team , although it took around 10 years .
Like some football teams Labour is more suited to the role of publicly declared underdog .
The New Labour leadership looked deeply uncomfortable when they were 20 or 30 points ahead in the polls .
I remember having a brief word with David Miliband at the Royal Festival Hall on the night of Labour 's 1997 triumph .
He said : " I am sure we will wake up in the morning to find the Conservatives have won again " .
Ever since , ministers from Blair and Brown downwards have behaved as if they were impostors disturbing the natural order of things in which Britain , or rather England , returns Conservative governments .
They can relax .
The natural order appears to be reasserting itself .
So far Operation Fightback is having mixed results .
At last there is a mighty co-ordinated attempt in Brighton to spell out the difference between their approach and the Conservatives .
There is a big divide over when to cut spending and how , a significant pre-election battleground that raises issues about both judgement and values .
Perhaps the contrast is too difficult to convey in accessible terms .
Keynsian economics lacks populist slogans : " Even though we are in debt we must borrow more " does not equate easily with household economics and is unlikely to get them dancing in the streets .
Margaret
Thatcher had it easier when she declared in the early 1980s : " We did not spend more than we earned in Grantham and we will not do so as a country " .
It was nonsense , but accessible nonsense .
I have heard Conservatives use similar words now , although Grantham itself does not get a look - in .
Still , without the accessible language every minister seems to be trying to highlight what Peter Mandelson has called the chasm .
During their speeches Alistair Darling and Mandelson spent as much time on the Conservatives ' policies as their own .
Revealingly Darling claimed in relation to the government 's response to the economic crisis that " when the history of the last year is written the country will be proud " .
He turned to the historians for comfort rather than the more immediate verdict of the voters .
While Operation Fightback is a clever idea there are signs of panic as they acknowledge the scale of the challenge .
When governments are in a desperate position they tend to act desperately .
The so - called policy announcements erupting around Brighton are not likely to get them or the rest of us very far .
" Get the bankers ! " is one common theme .
I suspect the sudden , more aggressive tone is partly a damage limitation exercise .
Ministers anticipate with good cause further anger from voters when the next round of bankers ' bonuses are announced , packages that will be paid out as all the parties explain how they plan to cut the public sector .
It is far too late , though , for the government to make this a defining theme .
As the Lib Dems ' Vince Cable asked at a fringe meeting in Brighton on the scope for a progressive coalition : " What has the government been doing on bonuses for the last year ? "
The fringe meeting revealed quite a lot of common ground between the Labour and Liberal Democrat speakers , but not on this issue .
For a government that once paid homage to bankers , and which was characteristically timid in pulling levers once it owned or partially owned several banks , there is not much mileage in shouting now .
The silly proposal to enshrine in law Labour 's pledge to reduce the deficit also highlights desperation , rather than addresses it .
I can see how they got to this particular proposition : " Let 's show we have a plan to reduce the deficit !
Let 's prove our plan is less severe than the Conservatives !
Let 's make a law ! "
New Labour has always used parliament as a public relations exercise .
In 1997 quite a few bills contained polices that needed no parliamentary approval .
They were taken through parliament to make an insecure government seem busier than it really was .
The proposed Fiscal Responsibility
Act is too transparently in the same mould .
What will happen to Darling if he fails to meet his target ?
Will he be sent to jail ?
There is a lot of talk in Brighton about whether this is the equivalent of 1996 , when a long - serving government was on the verge of a colossal defeat , or 1978 when a Labour government was about to be kicked out in the midst of an economic crisis .
The truth is that the past is an unreliable guide .
This is not 1996 or 1978 .
In the late 1970s the corporatist consensus was collapsing , creating clear space for Thatcherism , an ideological tide which both reflected and shaped the hunger for a break from failed economic policies .
In 1996 the Conservatives had become impossible to lead , largely over Europe .
This is different .
It might be worse for the governing party .
It might be better .
It will not be the same .
Our poll yesterday placed the Conservatives on 38 per cent , suggesting they cannot be assured of an overall majority .
The outcome of the next election is still not entirely clear , as Lord Mandelson argued in a speech that briefly brought the conference to life .
On the whole , though , most of those attending the conference seem to fear the worst , a fearfulness which could easily become self fulfilling .
Operation Fightback has a long way to go .
s.richards@independent.co.uk
Monday , September 14 , 2009
Three men convicted of plotting to blow up seven transatlantic passenger jets were sentenced and sent to jail on Monday .
The trio's ringleader , Abdulla Ahmed Al , 28 , received a minimum of 40 years in prison .
Assad Sarwar , 29 , received a sentence of at least 36 years and Tanvir Hussain , 28 , at least 32 years .
All three are suspected to have had links with al - Qaeda .
Map by the US Transportation Security Administration showing the flights that were targeted the bombing plot .
The three men had been accused of plotting to destroy several transatlantic passengers jets headed for North America by smuggling liquid explosives disguised as soft drinks onto the plane .
The targeted planes were all departing from the Heathrow Airport in London , bound for locations such as Chicago , Illinois , New York , New York , Toronto , Ontario , and Montreal , Quebec .
The plot was said to have been only a few days from being executed when it was discovered by the authorities .
" I 'm very pleased the jury gave a sentence that was proportionate to this potential crime , " said the UK Home Secretary , Alan Johnson .
" Our police and our national security service is a national asset , they 've proven that again today . "
Johnson said the sentencing " reflected the severity of this horrendous plot to kill and maim thousands of people " .
Sources
Metal Detecting Sandals are a new arrival from the gadget guru ’s Hammacher Schlemmer , that will let you scour local beaches , parks and paths for hidden treasure in a much less conspicuous fashion than with a traditional metal detector .
Featuring a copper coil built right into the right sandal and using frequency oscillation technology , the Metal Detecting Sandals can sense metal objects – whether they be coins , jewelry or perhaps even ancient artifacts – up to 2 feet underfoot .
Unlike their Rechargeable Heated Insoles , the Metal Detecting Sandals are powered by a small battery pack that straps to your calf – which will get you up to 6 hours of treasure hunting from a single 9 - volt battery .
To alert you to potential gold discoveries , the pack uses a red flashing light and either an audible buzz or a gentle vibration ( for subtlety ) .
You ’ll probably want to wear some long shorts or rolled up trousers to conceal the battery pack strapped to your leg , but once you ’ve got that covered , I ca n’t think of anything that would offer more motivation to get some exercise than the possibility of striking it rich .
Sure , you could walk to the shop to buy a lotto ticket , but this looks much more fun .
You can pick up a pair of Metal Detecting Sandals over at Hammacher Schlemmer for $ 59.95 .
Source :
Hammacher Schlemmer
There is no doubt that Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves is set to turn heads in terms of sales numbers and review scores .
And while the latter is already underway , Uncharted 2 is beginning to top the charts in sales as well before it ’s anticipated release .
According to Amazon.com ’s sales charts , Uncharted 2 has reached the number 4 spot in the best sellers list in the ‘ Video Games ’ category , and the number 1 spot in the ‘ PlayStation 3 ’ category , leaving the popular PS3 Slim in second place .
It is also interesting to note that just yesterday , the action / adventure genre made a 111 % jump from number 19 to 9 in the top ten according to Punch Jump .
Who knows ?
Now that it ’s in the top five , Uncharted 2 might even make it to number 1 in the ‘ Video Game ’ category as the hype machine builds .
Make sure you have your pre-order in at Amazon.com where you can get an exclusive treasure map , and a $ 5 off coupon good toward your next video game purchase at Amazon .
A size - 12 Hayley Morley led the team at the end of the show A stylist and casting director have left a London Fashion Week show over a decision to use average - sized models , a fashion boss says .
Amanda May , managing director for Canadian designer Mark Fast , said there were " creative differences with regards to the casting of those girls " .
Fast broke fashion convention by putting three size 12 to 14 models on the catwalk on Saturday .
" There was a team change and we 're glad we stuck to our vision , " said Ms May .
Ms May said stylist Daniela Agnelli and casting director Natalie Hubbard stepped in at the last minute to help out .
' Beautiful bits '
She said the decision to feature three models from the agency 12 + UK was neither politically motivated nor a publicity stunt .
" The decision to use the fuller girls is something we have been talking about , " she said .
Mark Fast 's show took place on Saturday " There 's this idea that only thin and slender women are able to wear Mark 's dresses and he wanted to combat that .
" We wanted women to know they do n't have to be a size zero to wear a Mark Fast dress - curvier women can look even better in one . "
She would not divulge exactly what was said on Thursday night before the freelance pair left the team , saying " we do n't want to talk about the ugly bits , we want to talk about the beautiful bits " .
Fast is a 28 - year - old knitwear designer known for his figure - hugging mini-dresses .
His clothes used to be one size fits all but his spring / summer 2010 collection features garments in different size groups .
However , they are not categorised numerically to " challenge traditional notions of fit and idealized body shape " .
He has also been involved in All Walks Beyond the Catwalk , a photography exhibition featuring models aged 18 to 65 , from sizes eight to 16 .
This is where he met Hayley Morley - one of the models he used in his show .
The exhibition opened at Somerset House on Friday , the new central London home of London Fashion Week , which runs until Tuesday 22 September .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You know that old Reese ’s Peanut Butter ad that featured the coming together of ‘ two great flavors ’ ?
You remember : ‘ Two great tastes that taste great together ’ , the whole , ‘ you got peanut butter in my chocolate … ’ thing ?
OK , now you got it .
Anyway , take that analogy and throw it in to the typical disaster caused when an actor or actress decides to make an album .
See where I ’m going with this ?
For some reason there is almost never a good flavor formed when a poplar TV star gets a bug up his or her ass to make music .
I just ca n’t quite wrap my mind around the sudden need for a well - established actor to , out of the blue , record a wickedly shitty record when there are plenty of actual recording artists who do that really well on a regular basis .
I ’m quite certain there ’s a special demon direct from the sodden bowels of Hell who starts these performers on the trails to musical catastrophe .
I , for one , would like to meet this guy .
Anyway , here are ten of the worst :
10 . Jennifer Love Hewitt – Take Heart Back
Okay , Okay I know there ’s been an awful lot of JLH bashing over the years , and I ’m not here to say anything about her body … other than the upper portion of it is pretty damn slammin’ , but other than that , this is all about her voice that , for the duration of this song , made me want to jam my head into an industrial meat grinder .
I think … no , I KNOW that her decision to record multiple albums is one of the signs of the Apocalypse .
Hell is on Earth right now , and thy name is HEWITT !
9. John Stamos & Beach Boys – Kokomo
I have no qualms with John Stamos as a whole .
In fact , other than the comedic genius of Bob Saget on Full House , he was the only other cast member I could even remotely stomach ( Yeah , Dave Coulier can march into traffic ) .
He was far too similar to The Fonz , however , and that ’s just wrong on so many levels .
Then , as The Beach Boys made an appearance or two in the show , this song was performed and later recorded for the Tom Cruise vehicle , Cocktail .
If Purgatory has a soundtrack , this shit is it .
8. William Shatner – Rocket Man
First of all , Bernie Taupin could n’t look any more uncomfortable if Elton himself were dangling his crotch tackle in front of his very eyes .
Then comes the evil that is Shatner ’s rendition of a really good song done really , REALLY horribly .
Basically spoken word done in the classic Kirkian hesitation style , this song sets of pain nerves in my ears that run waves through my body .
The pain is excruciating .
Enjoy !
7. Olivia Newton John – Xanadu
Gorgeous ?
Yep .
Talented ?
Certainly .
F ’ed up 80 ’s - style fem - mullet ?
Oh HELL yes .
This video is from the movie Xanadu , which just so happens to be one of the earliest flicks I can remember watching on HBO .
Does any of that make this song any less like a hot skewer to the eyes ?
No sir , it does not .
Sure , this one ’s a little different , considering she ’s really more known as a vocalist first , but , having wandered into acting ( Grease ) and hen to go to this … yeah , she belongs here , alright .
6. Eddie Murphy – Party All The Time
This song just sweats funky , cloying 80 ’s perspiration all over the room .
Witness as Eddie Murphy , the foul - mouthed comedian and oft - times voice - over actor , tears it up with Rick James and his ultra-synthesized back beat .
Can you stomach the gut - wrenching lyrics as Eddie explains to us how his girl naturally enjoys attending after - hours events quite frequently ?
Then shoot yourself in the face .
5. Don Johnson – Heartbeat
Oh wait so …
Now hold …
Oh , shit , no do n’t …
Oh dear Lord !
What the Hell is the deal with the looking - over - the - shoulder thing ?
Is he nervous ?
Was he just so damn ‘ Sonny Crock e’t that it was difficult for him to stray from the character to a more , um , EXACTLY THE SAME DAMN THING IN THIS VIDEO !
Oh , please tell me he never , EVER released another collection of revolting tunes …
PLEASE !
4. Leonard Nimoy – Bilbo Baggins
I ’m not sure what this video makes me want to do more : Punch babies or drop - kick a kitten , and I ’m really not positive which part , specifically , wants to make me commit these heinous acts first : the horrific dancing or Spock ’s Lovecraftian caterwauling !
Just watching a few seconds of these ‘ dancers ’ go into throes of epileptic gyrations gives me more reason to want to club infant animals .
I ’m sorry , really .
3 . The Hoff – Night Rocker
Look , I ’m fully aware that this video is meant to be entirely tongue - in - cheek , and it is really damn funny .
However , Hasselhoff currently has a fruitful singing career , especially in Germany , or so I understand .
This phenomenon baffles me .
I remember this ‘ actor ’ in such hits as Knight Rider and Baywatch and never really said to myself , “ Hey , you know what , I bet this guy can F’ing rock like nobody ’s business .
He really ought to put out several mediocre records . ”
Yet , as it stands , he has .
Wow .
2. Joey Lawrence – Nothing Love Can’t Fix
Sadly , I was tempted to start this particular paragraph with the word ‘ Whoa ’ , but I resisted .
Joey Lawrence ; let us tick off a few career points from your childhood .
Let ’s see : Gimme a Break , Blossom … nope , got nothin’ else .
So once again we find a half - ass acting ‘ talent ’ choosing to take the other fork in the road and try his hand in the music biz .
Then , oh mercy , try to spearhead a tour with two other has - beens named Joey : McEntyre and Fatone from some other dumb ass boy bands .
Kill this ass hat as soon as physically possible .
For me .
Please .
1. Brent Spiner – Ol’ Yellow Eyes is Back
Ladies and gentlemen !
DATA ROCKS THE MIKE !
Or , more specifically , Data spews melodramatic tripe and gorge - rising crap .
Oh joy .
James May's
Lego abode may be shaping up to be spectacular , but he 's far from the first person to build a house out of something novel .
Here are ten more amazing homes with , shall we say , unorthodox constituents .
Advertisement
Children born in the winter months already have a few strikes against them .
Study after study has shown that they test poorly , do n't get as far in school , earn less , are less healthy , and do n't live as long as children born at other times of year .
Researchers have spent years documenting the effect and trying to understand it .
But economists Kasey Buckles and Daniel Hungerman at the University of Notre Dame may have uncovered an overlooked explanation for why season of birth matters .
Their ...
For many Victorian readers , the most influential book published in 1859 was not Charles Darwin 's Origin of Species or John Stuart Mill 's On Liberty but a work by the largely forgotten author Samuel Smiles ( 1812 – 1904 ) with the peculiarly precocious title Self - Help .
I have not been able to determine exactly when Self - Help first rolled off the presses , but the author 's Introduction to the first edition is dated September 1859 — 150 years ago this month .
Self - Help was enormously popular :
It sold some 20,000 copies in its first year of publication , 55,000 copies after five years , and about one - quarter million by the end of the century .
( Briggs , p. 118 )
It is very likely that the vast majority of these readers were men rather than women , for men are obviously the book 's intended audience .
It is to men that Smiles delivers his message of hard work , perseverance in the face of adversity , and a will to excel in business , industry , engineering , or the arts .
( For the women , Isabella Beeton 's popular book Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management was first published in 1861 , and it 's sometimes discussed in conjunction with Self - Help as defining a particular set of middle - class Victorian values . )
Self - Help was also translated into many languages , including Arabic and Turkish .
In his introduction to the " centenary edition " of the book , Asa Briggs tells the following story :
An English visitor to the Khedive 's palace in Egypt asked from what source the mottoes written on the walls were derived .
' They are principally from Smeelis , ' he was told , ' you ought to know Smeelis !
They are from his Self - Help ; they are much better than the texts from the Koran ! '
You can find the first edition of Self - Help ; with Illustrations of Character and Conduct on Google Book Search .
An Oxford World 's Classics edition from 2002 reprints the expanded 1866 edition of the book ( which expanded the title to Self - Help : with Illustrations of Character , Conduct , and Perseverance ) and includes a helpful Introduction , Notes , and 39 - page Glossary of names mentioned in the text .
( By the 1876 edition , the subtitle had lost the word " Character . " )
Samuel Smiles was born about 18 miles outside Edinburgh .
He was educated as a physician but taught himself a great deal more through reading .
Smiles ' first book , Physical Education ; or , the Nurture and Management of Children ( 1836 ) did not sell well at all .
Soon he got involved in radical journalism ( pro-Chartist , anti-Corn Laws , pro-suffrage , anti-social privilege ) and by the mid-1840s he is delivering lectures to the workingmen of Leeds on themes that were later to form the basis of Self - Help .
Self - Help was actually ready for publication in 1855 , but it was turned down by the publishing house of Routledge & Co. Smiles persuaded the publisher John Murray to bring out his next book , The Life of George Stephenson ( 1857 ) , and it was n't until that book was a success that John Murray also published Self - Help .
Samuel Smiles later wrote a three - volume Lives of the Engineers ( 1862 ) , many biographies and histories , and sequels to Self - Help entitled Character ( 1871 ) , Thrift ( 1875 ) , and Duty ( 1880 ) .
Although Smiles drifted away from his radical roots , he never stopped believing that government had roles to play in public health , regulation of industry , education , and public libraries .
But he came to realize that people were largely responsible for their own welfare , and that they had the power to actually alter their economic position in society .
The rigid social and economic stratification of England was loosening and becoming more fluid during this period .
No longer was it necessary to be born into money to make money .
Increasingly throughout the nineteenth century , it was possible for men to significantly improve their station in life through some mechanical invention , or developing an engineering or manufacturing technique , and Self - Help had plenty of examples .
Although Samuel Smiles did n't invent the phrase " self - help " — he probably got it from Thomas Carlyle 's Sartor Resartus ( first published 1833 – 1834 ) or perhaps by way of Emerson — and the format of the book was n't all that original , Self - Help became the ambitious Victorian 's gospel for inspiration and guidance .
The book both encapsulated the work ethic of that era and helped to define it .
Full of wonderfully quotable passages , Self - Help is largely a compendium of idealized portraits and mini-biographies of self - made men who achieved success in business or industry .
Smiles had a special interest in inventors and engineering , but he also discusses scientists , artists , and even politicians .
Many are the type of men we now call entrepeneurs — although the word would n't be used in English in this sense for another couple decades .
To Smiles , the most important quality for success is hard work and perseverance , and he is so honest that he never ever makes the task of self - improvement seem easy :
The instances of men in this country who , by dint of persevering application and energy , have raised themselves from the humblest ranks of industry to eminent positions of usefulness and influence in society , are indeed so numerous that they have long ceased to be regarded as exceptional .
Looking at some of the more remarkable instances , it might almost be said that early encounter with difficulty and adverse circumstances was the necessary and indispensable condition of success .
( p. 12 — all page references are to the first edition )
To Smiles , hard - work is everything ; talent , genius , or luck have very little to do with it .
Fortune has often been blamed for her blindness ; but fortune is not so blind as men are .
Those who look into practical life will find that fortune is invariably on the side of the industrious , as the winds and waves are on the side of the best navigators .
( p. 46 )
Although the little biographies are often quite entertaining ( and too long to be quoted here ) , more impressive is Smiles ' ability to conjure up half a dozen short examples to prove any point .
Here he describes how " the very odds and ends of time " may be " profitably employed " to achieve great results :
Dr. Mason Good translated Lucretius while riding in his carriage in the streets of London , going his rounds among his patients .
Dr. [ Erasmus ]
Darwin composed nearly all his works in the same way while driving about in his " sulky " from house to house in the country , — writing down his thoughts on little scraps of paper , which he carried about with him for this purpose .
[ Matthew ]
Hale wrote his ' Contemplations ' while traveling on circuit .
Dr. [ Charles ]
Burney learnt French and Italian while travelling on horseback from one musical pupil to another in the course of his profession .
[ Henry ]
Kirke
White learnt Greek while walking to and from a lawyer 's office ; and we personally know a man of eminent position in a northern manufacturing town , who learnt Latin and French while going messages as an errand boy in the streets of Manchester .
( p. 81-82 )
But wait — there 's more !
[ Henri-Francois ]
Daguesseau , one of the great chancellors of France , by carefully working up his odd bits of time , wrote a bulky and able volume in the successive intervals of waiting for dinner ; and Madame de Genlis composed several of her charming volumes [ of historical romances ] while waiting for the princess to whom she gave her daily lessons .
Jeremy
Benthem in like manner disposed of his hours of labour and repose , so that not a moment should be lost , the arrangement being determined on the principle that it is a calamity to lose the smallest portion of time .
He lived and worked habitually under the practical consciousness that man 's days are numbered , and that the night cometh when no man can work .
( p. 82-83 )
That paragraph has one of the rare mentions of women in Self - Help other than as long - suffering helpers to their energetic husbands .
While Victorian women were certainly working outside the home in unprecedented numbers — see my discussion of Harriet Martineau 's long essay " Female Industry " — they did not yet have the types of jobs that leant themselves to great achievement .
Still , it 's rather odd for Smiles to discuss astronomer William Herschel ( p. 90 - 91 ) without at all mentioning his sister Caroline .
Not only is Smiles honest concerning the amount of hard work necessary to be successful , he treats this work in a positive way .
Difficulty and adversity contribute to the building of character :
It is not good for human nature to have the road of life made too easy .
Better to be under the necessity of working hard and faring meanly , than to have everything done ready to our hand and a pillow of down to repose upon ....
Viewed in this light , the necessity of labour is not a chastisement , but a blessing , — the very root and spring of all that we call progress in individuals , and civilization in nations .
It may , indeed , be questioned whether a heavier curse could be imposed on man than the complete gratification of all his wishes without effort on his part , leaving nothing for his hopes , desires , or struggles .
( p. 193 )
The concept that hard work builds character is central to Smiles ' book .
Easy achievement does n't help develop character , which must be built like muscle from the exertion against adversity .
( On page 229 he actually quotes common proverbs such as " No pains no gains " and " No sweat no sweet . " )
The battle for life , in by far the greater number of cases , must necessarily be fought up - hill ; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honour .
If there were no difficulties there would be no success ; if there were nothing to struggle for , there would be nothing to be achieved .
Difficulties may intimidate the weak , but they act only as a wholesome stimulus to men of pluck and resolution .
All experience of life indeed serves to prove that the impediments thrown in the way of human advancement , may for the most part be overcome by steady good conduct , honest zeal , activity , perseverance , and above all by a determined resolution to surmount difficulties , and stand up manfully against misfortune .
When Columbus was threatened by the mutineers amongst his crew , he himself , hopeful and unsubdued , bore up against all opposition .
" Give me but three days , " he said ; and before the three days had passed , he trod the shores of the New World . ( p. 277 )
Some of what Smiles has to say about self - education could almost be written today .
It 's amusing that even 150 years ago people were trying to take educational short cuts , and that the stern and uncompromising Smiles was there to warn them away :
We may not believe that there is a royal road to learning , but we seem to believe very firmly in a " popular " one .
In education , we invent labour - saving processes , seek short cuts to science , learn French and Latin " in twelve lessons , " or " without a master . " ...
We get our smattering of science in the same way ; we learn chemistry by listening to a short course of lectures enlivened by experiments , and when we have inhaled laughing gas , seen green water turned to red , and phosphorous burnt in oxygen , we have got our smattering , of which the most that can be said is , that though it may be better than nothing , it is yet good for nothing .
Thus we often imagine we are being educated while we are only being amused .
( p. 251-252 )
Later commentators on Self - Help sometimes criticized it as being overly obsessed with making money , or as a guide - book on how to join the ranks of the petit bourgeoise .
But the book actually reveals something much more interesting and nuanced .
Smiles spends many pages ( 174-186 ) discussing the anti-slavery activities of famous English abolitionist Granville Sharp , for example .
Certainly he wants his readers to be successful and make money , but not more than they actually deserve for their contributions to society .
As historian Adrian Jarvis notes , to Smiles " The modern doctrine that you motivate rich men by paying them more and poor men by paying them less would be not merely mystifying , but alien . " ( p. 146 )
A whole chapter is devoted to " Money — Use and Abuse " that warns about the senseless pursuit of wealth :
He who recognises no higher logic than that of the shilling , may become a very rich man , and yet remain all the while an exceedingly poor creature .
For riches are no proof whatever of moral worth ; and their glitter often serves only to draw attention to the worthlessness of their possessor , as the glowworm 's light reveals the grub .
( p. 236-7 )
In Smiles ' world , the most important function of money is the avoidance of the slavery of poverty and debt , but he 's not at all focused on the " cash and prizes . "
With success is accompanied strong character , becoming a better person , leading inevitably to a stronger community , and a stronger England .
The final chapter of Self - Help is entitled " Character — The True Gentleman . "
As readers of Anthony Trollope 's novels know , the idea of a " gentleman " evolved in the nineteenth - century .
It once meant a man of " gentle birth " and long ancestry , either an outright aristocrat or a man of wealth .
By the mid-nineteenth century the word was coming to mean any person who exhibits characteristics such as honor , honesty , trustworthiness , kindness , and integrity .
( See Shirley Robin Letwin's The Gentleman in Trollope : Individuality and Moral Conduct , Harvard University Press , 1982 , for an extensive discussion .
On page 74 Mrs. Letwin writes
" The most perfect gentleman in Trollope 's novels is Madame Max Goesler [ of the Palliser novels ] .
She was the daughter of a humble German Jewish attorney , and her only endowments by birth were beauty and intelligence . " )
Like Trollope , Samuel Smiles recognized the gentleman in self - made character rather than progeny :
Riches and rank have no necessary connexion with genuine gentlemanly qualities .
The poor man may be a true gentleman , — in spirit and in daily life .
He may be honest , truthful , upright , polite , temperate , courageous , self - respecting , and self - helping , — that is , be a true gentleman .
The poor man with a rich spirit is in all ways superior to the rich man with a poor spirit .
To borrow St. Paul 's words , the former is as " having nothing , yet possessing all things , " while the other , though possessing all things , has nothing .
The first hopes everything , and fears nothing ; the last hopes nothing , and fears everything .
Only the poor in spirit are really poor .
He who has lost all , but retains his courage , cheerfulness , hope , virtue , and self - respect , is still rich .
For such a man , the world is , as it were , held in trust ; his spirit dominating over its grosser cares , he can walk erect , a true gentleman .
( p. 328 )
The concept of " self - help " preceded Samuel Smiles and never stop evolving .
But Self - Help has several unique characteristics .
The book is quite different from the rags - to - riches novels popularized by American Horatio Alger later in the nineteenth century ; these books often involved some deus ex machina - like benefactor who comes to the rescue .
Nor is Self - Help like the popular self - help books of the early and mid twentieth century :
In Smiles there is none of the slick manipulation which dominates Dale Carnegie 's writings [ How to Win Friends and Influence People , 1936 ] , no suggestion of ' gamesmanship ' ; there is none of the trust in smooth adaptation and adjustment which [ Norman Vincent ] Peale [ The Power of Positive Thinking , 1955 ] relates to peace of mind and ability to live happily ; there are no fads and no easy hints .
( Briggs in Smiles 1958 , p. 19 )
In the 1970s , the term " self - help " began describing a whole section of the bookstore , but one whose focus would have seemed quite foreign to Smiles .
Modern self - help literature seems more about ways to change one 's perception of the world ( and the world 's perception of oneself ) by developing different perspectives , attitudes , and various means of empowerment .
Smiles is more fundamental and probably more realistic , but its message is not one many people want to hear .
It 's doubtful whether you could create a best - seller today by telling people that the key to success is unrelenting hard work !
One of the themes of this series of blog entries is that 1859 can be regarded as the year in which England made a transition from a religious interpretation of the world to a secular perspective .
Of course , not everybody who published a book in 1859 cooperates with this theory !
Most readers coming to Self - Help for the first time probably assume that the book conveys what we have come to regard as traditional " Victorian values , " so it 's likely that it is also soaked in a conventional Victorian Anglican piety .
That does not seem to be the case .
Historian Adrian Jarvis devotes about 10 early pages of his book to exploring Smiles ' religious pilgrimage and beliefs .
Smiles grew up within the Cameronian tradition , a rather austere Calvinist sect , which may have contributed to his work ethic , but it was a faith that he reputed .
After that it gets rather vague .
He seems to have had some sympathy with Unitarians .
God certainly is n't absent from Self - Help .
As is obvious even from the few quotations I 've picked , Smiles sometimes quotes the Bible and he alludes to Biblical characters .
He seems to have an affinity with Christain ethics .
But Smiles ' references to God seem more deistic or Masonic than Anglican .
Although his books occasionally allude to the existence of a benign creator , he tends to figure god as a vicarious being whose good works are performed by the agency of dynamic men , especially those kings of nineteenth - century progress , engineers .
( Sinnema in Self - Help , 2002 , p. xiii )
Most significantly , in all the discussion about achieving success in Self - Help , Smiles never attributes anything to " the grace of God . "
What Adrian Jarvis eventually settles upon to describe Smiles ' religious beliefs is unfortunately the word " theism . "
The word is unfortunate because it 's often used these days to indicate any type of belief in God , the opposite of " atheism . "
But Jarvis uses " theism " in an older sense as somewhat closer in tone to deism : " the highest common factor which could form a basis for the reconciliation of a wide variety of Christian and other beliefs ... theism was so vague that it was compatible with absolutely anything . "
( Jarvis , p. 13 ) Jarvis also categorizes John Stuart Mill as a theist .
Jarvis also puts Smiles and Self - Help is a much greater context than individual success .
Great Britain had been the first country to experience the Industrial Revolution , a series of technological and social changes that brought about prosperity along with many ills .
Smiles viewed self - help as nothing less than the key to the central problem of the Industrial Revolution , famously framed by Carlyle as ' the " Condition of England " question . '
If it was true that changes which created wealth on a scale unprecedented in world history also created squalor , disease and misery , then the solution of that problem was the most important question facing the inhabitants of Britain and the other countries following her pattern of industrialization .... [ Smiles ] was turning the self - help philosophy into nothing less than a complete and unified secular religion .
( Jarvis , p. 68 )
Samuel Smiles ' " secular religion " of self - help sought to solve man-made problems with self - made men .
Sources
Briggs , Asa , Victorian People : A Reassessment of Persons and Things , 1851 –1867 ( University of Chicago Press , 1955 ) .
Chapter V is " Samuel Smiles and the Gospel of Work . "
Jarvis , Adrian , Samuel Smiles and the Construction of Victorian Values ( Sutton Publishing , 1997 ) .
Smiles , Samuel , Self - Help ; with Examples of Conduct and Perseverance , with a Centenary Introduction by Professor Asa Briggs ( John Murray , 1958 ) .
Smiles , Samuel , Self - Help ; with Examples of Character , Conduct , and Perseverance , edited and with and Introduction and Notes by Peter W. Sinnema ( Oxford University Press , 2002 ) .
Earlier Entries in This Series
1859 Books : “ Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám ” ( 1/15/2009 )
1859 Books : George Eliot ’s “ Adam Bede ” ( 2/1/2009 )
1859 Books : John Stuart Mill ’s “ On Liberty ” ( 2/26/2009 )
1859 Books : Anthony Trollope ’s “ The Bertrams ” ( 3/29/2009 )
1859 Art : Frederic Church ’s “ The Heart of the Andes ” ( 4/27/2009 )
1859 Journalism : Harriet Martineau ’s “ Female Industry ” ( 5/30/2009 )
1859 Science : John Tyndall and the Greenhouse Effect ( 6/10/2009 )
1859 Books : George Meredith ’s “ The Ordeal of Richard Feverel ” ( 6/20/09 )
1859 Books : Tennyson ’s “ Idylls of the King ” ( 7/17/09 )
1859 Music : Richard Wagner ’s “ Tristan und Isolde ” ( 8/30/2009 )
1859 Books : Harriet Wilson ’s “ Our Nig ” ( 9/5/2009 )
1859 Speeches : Prince Albert ’s Address to the BAAS ( 9/14/09 )
WASHINGTON  As President Obama prepares to decide whether to send additional troops to Afghanistan , the political climate appears increasingly challenging for him , leaving him in the awkward position of relying on the Republican Party , and not his own , for support .
The simple political narrative of the Afghanistan war  that this was the good war , in which the United States would hunt down the perpetrators of the Sept. 11 attacks  has faded over time , with popular support ebbing , American casualties rising and confidence in the Afghan government declining .
In addition , Afghanistan ’s disputed election , and the attendant fraud charges that have been lodged against President Hamid Karzai , are contributing further to the erosion of public support .
A CBS News poll released on Tuesday reports that 41 percent of those polled wanted troop levels in Afghanistan decreased , compared with 33 percent in April .
Far fewer people  25 percent  wanted troop levels increased , compared with 39 percent in April .
And Mr. Obama ’s approval rating for his handling of Afghanistan has dropped eight points since April , to 48 percent .
Congressional Democrats , particularly those on the left , report increasing disenchantment among constituents with the idea of a long and possibly escalating conflict in Afghanistan , especially as the American strategy comes to resemble a long - term nation - building approach rather than a counterterrorism operation .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Iraqis " want us want us to be engaged with them in helping them realize their potential , " said Vice President Joe Biden after leaving Baghdad on Saturday .
Vice President Biden congratulates a soldier who became a U.S. citizen on Saturday .
" They 're very concerned , very anxious that we pursue a strategic agreement with them , which has nothing to do with the military .
They want scientific knowledge , they want educational assistance , they want economic assistance in terms of advice and connecting them , giving them advice on how to deal with the international business community , " Biden said Saturday in an interview aboard Air Force
Two before flying out of Iraq , according to pool reports .
Meanwhile , a spokesman for the Iraqi government said Iraq will cooperate with Biden , with him serving as a link between Washington and Baghdad , but rejected the notion that the United States would play an active role in Iraqi national reconciliation or resolving the country 's political tensions .
" The unified Iraqi will , with no dispute , is that we want to resolve our issues amongst us , " spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said on al - Iraqia State TV Saturday evening .
" If the Iraqi government needs any assistance from the U.S. government , the American government is ready to provide the support and assistance .
But the prime minister said these are internal issues that Iraqis will handle , " he said .
" Involvement of non-Iraqi parties in these issues will complicate things and create problems we can live without . "
Al - Dabbagh said Biden " fully understood " this and showed support for the current Iraqi government .
Tension between Iraq 's central government and the Kurdish regional government over disputed territories and distribution of oil wealth has been growing since the Kurdish parliament last month passed a new draft constitution .
The draft included disputed territories like the oil rich city of Kirkuk and other territories in Nineveh and Diyala provinces as part of the regional government .
The constitution will be put to a national referendum during Kurdish elections at the end of the month .
Al - Dabbagh 's remarks came after Biden spent the Fourth of July in Baghdad celebrating with U.S. troops -- including his son -- and meeting with Iraqi representatives from four different constituencies .
Watch how some troops mark July Fourth in Iraq »
Biden said the Iraqis are " painfully aware " of their own unresolved political issues , " from the disputed internal boundaries to the Sons of Iraq to the oil law to revenue sharing , " and that the United States ' ability to assist on other fronts was " likely to be impacted [ by ] their ability to get it right on the political side . "
A roadside bomb on Saturday underscored Iraq 's instability .
It exploded in an outdoor market in the Yusifiya area south of Baghdad city , killing a civilian and wounding 15 people .
Biden 's visit to Iraq also came days after U.S. combat troops formally left Iraq 's urban centers and handed security duties over to local security forces .
Biden said the United States honored that commitment and will make good on others leading to a drawdown of U.S. troops from a country long upended by war .
" Next summer our combat troops will leave Iraq itself and we will be on track to remove all U.S. forces from Iraq at the end of 2011 , " he said during a naturalization ceremony in which 237 U.S. service members were sworn in as American citizens .
Standing in the shadow of a 50 - foot American flag , the service members recited the Oath of Allegiance and the Pledge of Allegiance in the rotunda of the Al - Faw palace , once a palace belonging to toppled dictator Saddam Hussein .
Many of the soldiers , sailors , Marines and airmen were from places like Mexico , the Philippines , and Haiti .
Some service members from Iraq were also sworn in as citizens in what U.S. military officials called the largest naturalization ceremony ever conducted in Iraq .
Watch Biden greet U.S. troops in Baghdad »
Biden extolled America's " remarkable , remarkable diversity " and its destination as a refuge for immigrants , saying newcomers are the " lifeblood " of the country and that " there 's always room for more . "
" As corny as it sounds , damn I 'm proud to be an American , " he said .
" Thanks for choosing us , you are the reason why America is strong . "
Gen. Raymond Odierno , the top U.S. military commander in Iraq , also lauded the new American troops and noting the appropriateness of a naturalization ceremony on the Fourth of July in Iraq .
Invoking the words " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free " from the Emma Lazarus " New Colossus " poem inscribed at the Statue of Liberty , Odierno said , " to be honest I 'm not so sure that its legendary inscription is applicable to this group here today , because when I look at the men and women sitting out in front of me here , I 'm having a hard time because I do n't see them in terms of tired , poor or huddled . "
Biden later met with troops from his home state of Delaware , including his son , Beau , and he visited the mess hall where a Fourth of July feast was served .
Biden later joked to U.S. troops over the significance of holding the ceremony in a palace that was once a symbol of the former dictator 's iron - fisted regime .
" That S.O.B. is rolling over in his grave right now , " he told troops .
All About Joseph Biden • Iraq
Calpers , the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System , is in deep trouble .
Calpers got in trouble by not understanding risk .
It still does not understand risk and thinks risk is the solution .
Please consider the New York Times article California Pension Fund Hopes Riskier Bets Will Restore Its Health .
Calpers , lost nearly $ 60 billion in the financial markets last year .
Though it has more than enough money to make its payments to retirees for many years , it has a serious long - term shortfall .
Those problems now rest largely on the slim shoulders of Joseph A. Dear , the fund ’s new head of investments .
He is not an investment seer by training , but he thinks he has the cure for what ails Calpers , or the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System , the largest in the nation with $ 180 billion in assets .
Mr. Dear wants to embrace some potentially high - risk investments in hopes of higher returns .
He aims to pour billions more into beaten - down private equity and hedge funds .
Junk bonds and California real estate also ride high on his list .
And then there are timber , commodities and infrastructure .
That ’s right , he wants to load up on many of the very assets that have been responsible for the fund ’s recent plunge .
Calpers ’s real estate portfolio has tumbled 35 percent , and its private equity holdings are down 31 percent .
What is more , under Mr. Dear ’s predecessor , Calpers had to sell stocks in a falling market last year to fulfill calls for cash from its private equity and real estate partnerships .
That led to bigger losses in its stock portfolio .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who is on the Calpers board , has called the fund “ unsustainable . ”
He has specifically criticized a decision by Calpers last month to give California municipalities a break on their required contributions .
Rather than stepping up contribution rates to 5 percent to cover investment losses , Calpers set a maximum increase of 1.1 percent — saving municipalities hundreds of millions of dollars .
Mr. Schwarzenegger called it a “ pass the buck to our kids idea . ”
Calpers says municipalities , which pay 15 percent of their payroll — or about $ 11 billion a year — into the fund , needed the help .
In the end , Mr. Dear , who will get $ 408,000 to $ 612,000 in salary and can qualify for a performance bonus of up to 75 percent of that salary , will be judged by portfolio returns .
Calpers Follows Roll The Dice Model
Hoping To Recover From Bad Year
$ TNX 10 - Year Treasury Yield
Calpers Assumes Rate of Return at 7.75 %
CalPERS and partner buy shopping centers
Tormented by sagging investments over the past year , CalPERS is fighting back by going bargain hunting .
The big pension fund and a partner are paying more than $ 1 billion for a collection of shopping centers that they sold just four years ago for a much higher price .
" This is a great example of the many positive opportunities there will be in the marketplace for CalPERS coming out of the distress in the market , " said Ted Eliopoulos , senior real estate investment officer for the California Public Employees ' Retirement System .
Question For CalPERS
Neighborhood centers that cater to necessities , not luxuries , are " a recession - hardy part of the real estate market , " said Jim Hurley , CalPERS real estate portfolio manager .
Bumpy Road For Calpers
This week , the board of the California Public Employee Retirement System ( CalPERS ) , the largest pension fund in the country , will be asked to approve a “ smoothing ” proposal designed to provide short - term cash flow relief to local and state governments by deferring pension contributions .
If that sounds to you like a free lunch , you ’re right .
Such an offer is tempting to governments facing harsh budget troubles , but CalPERS should reject the proposal as at best imprudent and at worst dangerous to future generations .
Unfortunately we have been here before .
In 1999 , CalPERS told California governments at that time that they could not only defer contributions but also even boost pension promises retroactively by tens of billions of dollars because future investment earnings would cover the cost .
As things turned out , not only did CalPERS not earn what was projected , but proposed contributions from governments today are nearly 5 times greater than what CalPERS projected would be the case .
As a result , general funds in California today are facing an unanticipated $ 3 billion of contributions for past promises underfunded on faulty assumptions .
Worse , even those higher contributions understate the amounts required to put CalPERS on financially sound footing and to protect future general funds .
This is because CalPERS continues to employ a high - yield earnings assumption ungrounded in reality ( particularly for such a large fund ) , lulling employers into complacency about the real size of contributions needed to meet pension promises .
To put this matter in perspective , to meet its earnings assumptions CalPERS needs the Dow Jones Industrial Average to grow even faster in the 21st century than it grew in the 20th century and to yield more than the legendary investor Warren Buffett assumes his defined benefit plan assets will earn .
The difference between a reasonable and unreasonable assumption means life or death for government programs .
Because of the long - term nature of these liabilities , a tiny difference in earnings assumption can mean billions of dollars of shortfall and , as a result , understaffed and undercompensated police , parks , fire , education and other departments for decades to come .
Calpers Gives Municipalities " A Break "
Rather than stepping up contribution rates to 5 percent to cover investment losses , Calpers set a maximum increase of 1.1 percent — saving municipalities hundreds of millions of dollars .
Who Is On The Hook ?
Pledging his commitment to Alabama for the rest of his coaching career , Nick Saban signed a contract extension Saturday that will keep him in charge of the Crimson Tide football program through the 2017 season .
Saban , accused by some of being a coaching nomad and not willing to set down roots , said prior to last season that there were " no other horizons " for him in the coaching profession .
This latest deal would appear to be another clear indication that he has dug in at Alabama .
" Terry [ Saban , Nick 's wife ] and I are pleased and happy that the University of Alabama has offered us an extension to our original contract , " Saban said in a statement .
" Our acceptance of the extension expresses our commitment to the University of Alabama for the rest of our coaching career .
" Dr. Witt and the university community have been tremendous in terms of their cooperation in rebuilding the football program .
The outstanding support from [ athletic director ] Mal [ Moore ] and the athletic department have set the table for us to be successful .
We greatly appreciate the time , effort and dedication of everyone involved with our football program , as well as the positive energy our fans have demonstrated since we 've been in Tuscaloosa . "
Financial terms of this new deal will be finalized after the compensation committee of the Alabama board of trustees meets , likely within the next couple of weeks .
Désirée wrote a post regarding emotion in scripts .
It kept me thinking - whether we can use logic in writing emotion in our scenes .
I think we can use logic in writing better emotional scenes .
But it is an area where our intuition overrides our conscious planning .
Still I think there are some general rules that we can follow .
Do n’t try too hard
If I think about all those scenes that have really worked for me , one thing about all of them is that they are subtle .
I did n’t feel that writer / character was actively trying to grab my empathy .
Consider the scene in Forrest Gump where he reacts to the knowledge that the boy who is watching TV in front of him is actually his son .
He almost weeps with joy and asks , ‘ Is he smart ? ’
Never before in the movie has Gump expressed any emotion regarding he being a little dull .
But when he asks that question we realise that this has been the thing that has defined his thoughts through out his life and that knowledge somehow touches us .
Hit when the iron is hot
It takes some intuition to get the timing right .
For me the emotional peak of Titanic was not when Jack died .
It is after the end of the flashbacks , when the old Ross lies to sleep ( or die ? ) and gradually drifts off to the intact Titanic and the waiting Jack .
It gives us a longing to go back in time when the tragedy was yet to happen .
Another such moment that comes to my mind is from ‘ Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge . ’
The moment in the railway station after the European trip when Kajol asks Shahrukh when they are going to meet again .
SRK says ‘ Never again ’ and walks away leaving behind a crestfallen ( or perplexed ) Kajol .
When you think about it , this scene could have been set up pretty early in the train also .
The chemistry had been already established and facing this issue of separation was inevitable .
Why did n’t the writer think of putting this scene inside the train itself and get them into a discussion or something ?
Things like this differentiate a good writer from an average writer .
Set it up
An emotional scene works in the totality of the script .
You cannot decide midway in the script that you need an emotional scene and then proceed to write it .
Emotions are produced when we have travelled with the character and what we know about the character evokes empathy in us when one particular incident happens .
Consider the last scene in Black .
Why does the Alzheimer ’s afflicted Bachan touching the graduation gown of Rani Mukherjee with a tint of recognition affect us ?
Because Bachan ’s earlier persistence and desperation for Rani to achieve this mile stone has been set up through the entire movie .
In Lives of others , the transformation of Stasi official Wiesler when he hides the typewriter to save the playwright Dreymann is another example .
This is because until that point the script had done a good job in showing how he had been a lonely no -nonsense idealist with no meaningful human relations .
So the change is meaningful and satisfying .
Create novel yet identifiable situations
The challenge for a scriptwriter is to create scenes which are different .
He should avoid cliches .
At the same time he has to create characters and scenes with which audience can identify .
If your situation is novel - like an astronaut choosing to stay back and die on an asteroid so that mankind can be saved - there is a basic theme of sacrifice there but I think it will always remain a little alien to audience .
If you talk about a girl who is ditched by her boyfriend on the day of prom - fine but it does n’t evoke enough situational curiosity because we have seen enough of it .
But if it is a story of mother who loses her infant during a party and is reunited with him years later only to find that for him she is just a stranger trying to take him away from a caring stepfather - there I would say is both novelty and identifiability .
It is easy to satisfy any one of this criteria but tough to do both at the same time .
Photo by Johan_Leiden
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Commonwealth has fully suspended Fiji after it refused to bow to demands to call elections by next year .
Secretary General Kamalesh Sharma cited the Pacific island country 's lack of progress towards democracy .
Mr Sharma said he was taking the step - only the second full suspension in the organisation 's history - " in sorrow " .
Commodore Frank Bainimarama seized power in Fiji in a 2006 coup and has said elections can only be reinstated in 2014 , as part of his " roadmap " .
He says he needs time to institute reforms that will end the ethnic - based voting system tipped in favour of ethnic Fijians .
But his critics charge that under his rule , Fiji has suspended the constitution , detained opponents and suppressed freedom of speech .
' True democracy '
In a statement , the Commonwealth said it had demanded that Fiji commit , by 1 September , to rejoining negotiations with the opposition and to holding credible elections by October 2010 .
ANALYSIS Bridget Kendall , BBC News diplomatic correspondent
This is not the first time Fiji has been in trouble with the Commonwealth .
It has twice faced the lesser sanction of being suspended from its meetings - after earlier uprisings in Fiji that also led to the suspension of democracy .
But this sanction goes a step further .
In practical terms it means Fiji cannot attend any Commonwealth meetings , including taking part in the Commonwealth Games in 2010 , or participate in training schemes and other technical aid .
A spokesman admitted that the Commonwealth was not a large donor to Fiji and the sanction is largely symbolic , and the Commonwealth was still prepared to remain engaged in any talks that might lead to a return to democracy .
Mr Sharma said that although Cmdr Bainimarama had reaffirmed " his commitment to the principles of the Commonwealth " , he had not met the terms of the 1 September deadline .
He said Fiji 's suspension was therefore " a step the Commonwealth is now obliged to take , and one that it takes in sorrow " .
Cmdr Bainimarama repeated his opposition to the 2010 election timetable when he spoke to commercial radio earlier on Tuesday , reported AFP news agency .
" The Fiji government believes the roadmap is the only path to ensuring sustainable and true democracy , which includes ... to have elections in 2014 , " he said .
" We will remain with that . "
Contact continues Fiji has already been banned from Commonwealth ministerial meetings .
With its full suspension , all Commonwealth aid will be cut off and Fiji will not be allowed to participate in the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
FIJI 'S COMMONWEALTH HISTORY 1987 - Fiji endures two military coups , declares a republic ; the Commonwealth expels Fiji 1997 - Fiji readmitted to the Commonwealth after it introduces a non-discriminatory constitution May 2000 - Parliament stormed , PM Mahendra Chaudhry and cabinet taken hostage .
Businessman George Speight proclaims himself acting PM June 2000 - Commonwealth suspends Fiji Dec 2001 - Fiji readmitted to the Commonwealth
Timeline : Fiji However , not all Commonwealth contact with Fiji will cease .
Its special representative to the country , Sir Paul Reeves , is set to visit Fiji from 9 - 11 September - a fact welcomed by Mr Sharma in his statement .
Fiji has already been suspended from the regional Pacific Islands Forum , and some European Union aid to the country has been put on hold .
Fiji has had a chequered relationship with the Commonwealth .
It was expelled in 1987 after two military coups , but was readmitted 10 years later when democracy was restored .
It was also suspended in 2000 for 18 months .
The only other country to be fully suspended in the Commonwealth 's history is Nigeria , during the rule of Gen Sani Abacha in 1995 .
Nigeria returned to the Commonwealth after democratic rule was restored .
Pakistan was twice suspended from council meetings , and Zimbabwe was on course to be suspended when President Robert Mugabe pre-empted the move by walking out himself .
The Commonwealth is a grouping of 53 former British colonies , dependencies and other territories .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sony 's PlayStation brand dominated the video game world for a decade .
It started as a joint venture with Nintendo , but when Nintendo 's Howard Lincoln announced , to Sony 's considerable surprise , that Nintendo would instead be partnering with Philips , Sony decided to go it alone .
It all made for a compelling story .
Big bad corporation betrays Sony .
Sony , against all expectations , decides not to write off its work but to develop it alone .
Big bad corporation enters a period of embarrassing subordination , first with the second - place N64 and then with the third - place GameCube .
Only the Game Boy kept Nintendo in the race , while Sony led two hardware generations .
It seemed immovable .
Then , a series of events brought Sony crashing down to earth .
Microsoft released the Xbox 360 at the end of 2005 and enjoyed a full year as the sole next - gen console .
When the PS3 eventually arrived , it did so practically in tandem with the epoch - making , zillion - selling , game - changing Wii .
On the handheld front , Sony 's attempt to remove Nintendo from its portable stronghold was equally disastrous .
The PSP went head to head with the DS and came off far worse , hitting 50 million unit sales earlier this year as its rival reached 100 million .
Then the iPhone came along , but we wo n't talk about that .
Having released the PSP , Sony then spent a long time largely ignoring it and pouring energy into the PS3 , with the result that UK PSP game sales collapsed in 2008 .
2009 has been a better year for the device , however .
In February a UK Sony product manager alluded to " significant PlayStation IPs " coming to the device 's rescue , and soon afterwards her allusion proved true .
At the Destination PlayStation conference Sony ensured a late night for the staff of Pocket Gamer by revealing LittleBigPlanet , MotorStorm : Arctic Edge , Assassin 's Creed and Rock Band Unplugged in a single breath , and many more high profile game announcements have followed .
No sooner had the first announcements come , however , than Shiny founder Dave Perry set Sony flapping by revealing via Twitter that the next PSP would be UMD - less .
Sony carefully negotiated the rumours , with Sony marketing director John Koller ambiguously insisting that , " the digital component is very important to us . "
Prior to this year 's E3 , news about the PSPgo was already in the public domain thanks to concrete rumours dating back as far as April and when the new hardware was featured in a leaked Qore video at the end of May even the marketing types had to throw up their hands .
When Jack Tretton took to the stage at the E3 Sony keynote , he had no choice but to make a joke of it , introducing the PSPgo as the expo's " worst kept secret . "
So why was it E3 's worst kept secret ?
Is it because Sony is no longer a company worth keeping a secret for ?
Dave Perry 's irreverent revelation on Twitter demonstrates a notable indifference to the wrath of Sony's PR operatives , and his insouciance has been echoed by figures like Valve 's Gabe Newell and Activision 's Bobby Kotick , among others .
Bloggers and consumers have joined in the baiting .
When Sony revealed that the price of the PSPgo would be $ 249.99 , there was derision from all quarters , with industry analyst Michael Pachter even calling the device a ' rip - off ' .
He apologised , but his comment echoed the thoughts of many .
Sony 's insistence that the PSPgo cost a lot because , " there is a certain premium " attached to it was met with scorn .
The blogosphere seems ready to ignore the PSPgo before it 's even out , looking as we are beyond it at the rumoured PSP 2 and its quad - core , Xbox - level performance .
This device is just a rumour , of course , but so was the PSPgo until June , and every important prediction about that came true .
Which is to say , unlike other devices we 've carefully avoided mentioning , it 's nothing special .
Pocket Gamer is Europe 's leading source of news , opinion and reviews on mobile and handheld gaming .
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) --
The percentage of residential mortgages either in foreclosure or with at least one payment past due hit 13.16 % in the second quarter , the highest percentage ever recorded by the Mortgage Bankers Association , the industry group reported on Thursday .
During a conference call with reporters , the group 's chief economist said he expects that mortgage delinquencies will continue to grow as the nation 's employment picture worsens , and the percentage of borrowers behind on their mortgages will climb until the middle of next year .
Foreclosures will likely peak six months later , at the end of 2010 , according to MBA estimates .
The delinquency rate for mortgages on one - to four - unit properties rose to a seasonally adjusted 9.24 % of all mortgage loans outstanding in the second quarter , up from 9.12 % in the first quarter and 6.41 % in the second quarter of 2008 , according to the MBA 's national delinquency survey .
The delinquency rate does n't include mortgages in the foreclosure process .
Mortgages somewhere in the foreclosure process reached 4.3 % of all mortgages , up from 3.85 % in the first quarter and 2.75 % in the second quarter of 2008 , the MBA said .
However , mortgages entering the foreclosure process during the second quarter actually fell slightly to 1.36 % of all loans , down from 1.37 % in the first quarter .
Foreclosure starts were still up from 1.08 % in the second quarter of 2008 .
The survey covers 45 million loans on one - to four - unit residential properties , representing between 80 % and 85 % of all first - lien residential mortgage loans outstanding in the United States .
Records date back to 1972 .
" While the rate of new foreclosures started was essentially unchanged from last quarter 's record high , there was a major drop in foreclosures on subprime ARM loans .
The drop , however , was offset by increases in the foreclosure rates on the other types of loans , with prime fixed - rate loans having the biggest increase , " said Jay Brinkmann , MBA 's chief economist , in a news release .
Brinkmann said he is n't reading into the flat foreclosure start figures for hopeful signs .
In Illinois , there was a significant drop in foreclosure starts , which likely resulted from a state law that slowed down the foreclosure process , he said .
He 's also keeping in mind that during much of 2008 , foreclosure starts were also flat , until they spiked earlier this year when various foreclosure moratoria lifted .
Prime borrowers in trouble
" As a sign that mortgage performance is once again being driven by unemployment , prime fixed - rate loans now account for one in three foreclosure starts .
A year ago they accounted for one in five , " Brinkmann said in the release .
In a phone interview , Brinkmann said that prime fixed - rate mortgages account for two - thirds of all mortgages outstanding in the country .
Forty - one states had increases in the foreclosure start rate for prime fixed - rate loans , while 43 states had decreases in that rate for subprime adjustable - rate loans , he said .
The MBA also reported a jump in foreclosures on loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration .
The foreclosure starts rate for FHA loans was 1.15 % ; the FHA percentage remained somewhat lower than other loan types due to the increase in the number of FHA loans outstanding , Brinkmann said .
Until the nation 's employment situation improves , it is unlikely that there will be meaningful reductions in the foreclosure and delinquency rates , he said .
And until prices recover in areas with steep home price declines , borrowers who owe more on their mortgage than their home is now worth will continue to be in danger of foreclosure -- especially if they 're faced with a life event including divorce or job loss .
Loan modification programs are playing a role in holding the foreclosure rates below where they would otherwise be , but the " issue is that many of the foreclosures involve homes that are vacant , borrowers who no longer have jobs , or loans where there was fraud involved , " Brinkmann said in the news release .
" Therefore , in measuring the effectiveness of industry or government loan modification programs it is necessary to compare the results not with the total foreclosure and delinquency numbers reported here but with the smaller subset of borrowers who can and want to qualify , " he added .
The programs were set up and developed based on the industry 's experience in dealing with subprime ARMs or pay - option ARMs -- loans that originated with high debt - to - income ratios , he said in an interview .
The modification is made to reduce payments to a more manageable level .
But if a borrower loses a job , the problem is n't paying too much income to a loan each month -- it 's that he or she has no income at all .
Tough times in Florida
California , Florida , Arizona and Nevada still have a " disproportionately high share of foreclosure starts , " Brinkmann said , but the share has fallen slightly from last quarter .
Yet Florida is continuing to establish itself as the worst state in the country for mortgage performance , he added .
In Florida , 22.8 % of mortgages outstanding were delinquent at least one payment or in foreclosure .
Other poor performing states include Nevada , where 21.3 % of mortgages were delinquent or in foreclosure , Arizona , where 16.3 % were delinquent or in foreclosure , and Michigan , where 15.3 % were delinquent or in foreclosure .
Brinkmann said Florida 's troubles likely stem from the overbuilding of condos in the state , as well as the makeup of its economic base -- the leisure and hospitality industry , which has struggled in the downturn .
Nevada also has been affected by those factors .
Anal - ysis
It has emerged that a fanatical al - Qaeda suicide terrorist attempted to kill a Saudi interior minister last month by concealing a bomb up his bottom ( the terrorist 's , not the minister 's ) .
The strategy backfired , so to speak , as the bum - bomber 's own body muffled the deadly arse - blast and his target escaped with only minor injuries .
Reports of the attack , in which fundamentalist fundament mentalist Abdullah Hassan Tali ' al - Asiri - aka Abul - Khair - attempted to assassinate Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , broke last month .
However , media including Al - Arabiya TV and the Sun have now further newsened - up the story by revealing details of al - Asiri 's method of smuggling the explosives through the Prince 's security .
It appears that al - Asiri gained access to the Prince by surrendering to Saudi forces near the Yemeni border , saying he wanted to give himself up but insisting that he must do so face to face with bin Nayef personally .
The Prince 's guards apparently failed to detect that the 23 - year - old fanatic had stuffed an unspecified amount of TNT and a firing system of some type up his arse , which he detonated once in the room where bin Nayef was receiving visitors in Jeddah .
Reportedly the Prince - who appropriately in this context is deputy interior minister for security - sustained only a minor injury to his hand during the presumably extremely messy explosion which followed .
Other people present in the room were also largely unharmed , with the deceased buttock - bomb operative the only casualty .
" He surprised me by blowing himself up , " the Saudi bigwig reportedly told al - Arabiya , in a masterpiece of understated commentary .
We here on the Reg bomb - disposal desk would suggest that the failed operation tends to illustrate the generally poor skills of al - Qaeda terrorists .
You do n't have to be an explosives expert to know that a human body can stifle a grenade explosion very effectively , after all .
Even a mercilessly trained operative of exceptional capacities would probably struggle to deliver a payload a lot bigger than a grenade using al - Asiri 's eyewatering poo-chute portage method .
Of course we can only speculate regarding the firing system furnished by the back - alley bomb makers who stood behind the young terrorist .
An internal mechanical timer device would perhaps be simplest , though there could be a risk of sharp - eared guards noticing a ticking sound coming from one 's arse with such a method .
Electrical firing circuits are much more common in terrorist devices , though the need to carry a fairly substantial battery internally would place even heavier demands on the kami - khazi operative as he prepared for his mission .
In the interests of good taste we are n't even going to get into possible methods of providing a manual firing switch , use of external power sources such as wall sockets or light fittings once in the target room etc etc .
We would note though that in order to deploy a charge actually capable of working from within an enemy within you 'd need to fill up quite a lot of the body .
This is theoretically possible - a gutsy bomber could conceivably quaff huge quantities of liquid main - charge explosives and then perhaps swallow a detonating device .
It still seems pretty unfeasible , however .
The Tang part of current liquid mixes would n't be too much of problem , but the peroxide concentrate would be likely to finish the belly - bomber off before it even exploded - or anyway cause one or another kind of inadvertent payload - jettison unpleasantness .
Then there 'd be the risk that stomach acids would render the charge ineffective , or make it explode early etc .
Bottom line on this threat ?
Nothing to get anyone 's bowels in an uproar .
Move along : nothing you even want to see here ... ®
Lewis Page was a improvised - device disposal operator tasked in support of the UK mainland police from 2001 - 2004 .
Fortunately for him the internal threat at that time was minimal .
About The Author Vailancio Rodrigues is a web ninja who bakes semantic muffins .
Apart from that he is also interested in Motion Graphics , Visual Effects , Photography and knows … More about Vailancio Rodrigues …
Exquisite Black and White Photography
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Today , in the era of digital technology black and white often awake nostalgic feelings of the 20th century , the good old times when the television was just invented , when people read colorless printed newspapers and when people were just imagining cell phones equipped with photo cameras .
But still , dozens of years later , many artists use black and white photography for artistic purposes .
It is one of the best and cheapest types of photography for the beginners to test their creativity .
This showcase is a tribute to this often forgotten and underrated art of photography .
In this post we present beautiful examples of black and white photography — an update to previously featured showcase of black and white photography .
The showcase below focuses more on art and creative mind of photographers .
Of course , it ’s not the ultimate collection .
There were many more which we could not cover in a single post .
All the photographs are linked to photographer ’s website .
Please do visit their sites to explore the skills and craft of these artists .
Beautiful Examples of Black and White Photography
Milo Alterio
Emir Ozsahin
danielsantiagosalguero
Philipp Klinger
Simon Pais - Thomas
Aneta Kowalczyk
Running Nowhere by Julien Legrand
MustafaDedeogLu
Elliott Erwitt
MisterKey
Andrey Vahrushew
Let it Snow by WWWest
Codrin Lupei
Lucian Olteanu
Drooper
Stefano Orazzini
LimpidD
latoday
onabibano
soleildame
Txema Rodriguez
Paused in Motion by Dusty Wall
Yanire
borissov
Window of Happiness by Monique
Damien Vassart
Nick
navid j
strømbërg
Freedom by Wolfram Schubert
softspokenmc
Mikael Stålsäter
Remembrance by Zivko Risteski
raaych1
RamonaG
etrusia_uk
Claudio.Ar
Jenna Herman
David J. Nightingale
lolla_sig
Agnès Lapin
gullevek
Jordi Troguet
cocoip
bennipi
wazari
Majordomo
Iris
Noisy Paradise
Catriona67
gilad
Agnès Lapin
gullevek
Jordi Troguet
cocoip
bennipi
wazari
Majordomo
Iris
Noisy Paradise
Catriona67
gilad
Keith Foster
opportunistatlarge
Mariusz Jankowski
Tim Corbeel
Amsterdamned
tainted dream
I See a Darkness by Harald Bildner
Love Birds by b-photo
Max
One Shoot by fotouczniak
FilipO
tomaskaspar
Ben Heine
Unknown
Last Click
Unknown
You may also be interested in the following related posts :
Until now , passenger convenience has largely been ignored .
After 9/11 , a litany of sharp objects was banned from carry - ons .
After Richard Reid tried to ignite explosives hidden in his sneaker on a flight from Paris to Miami in Dec. 2001 , travelers were told to remove their shoes for screening .
And after British officials foiled a plot to blow up planes with liquid explosives in August 2006 , liquids , gels and aerosols were banned , though later allowed as long as they were packed in tiny bottles and in plastic bags .
And just when passengers think they know the routine , the Transportation Safety Administration adds a twist .
Earlier this month , for example , it began screening certain powders in carry - on luggage .
And screeners recently started asking passengers to place shoes directly on conveyor belts rather than in bins , giving officers a better view of shoes as they come through .
It ’s hard not to ask :
Is all this necessary ?
Is it making us any safer ?
And will it ever get better ?
Based on interviews with a range of security experts , the answers increasingly seem to be no ; not really ; and not for a while .
Giovanni Bisignani , the chief executive of the International Air Transport Association , urged the Obama administration to deliver broad policy changes in security in a speech delivered to airline leaders in February .
“ I am not convinced that we are much wiser or any more efficient with many of our processes , ” Mr. Bisignani said .
“ As travelers , our shared experience is hassle , and as industry players , it is bureaucracy and cost .
It is time for both to change . ”
Of course , if we look back at the state of security before 9/11 , it ’s clear that we have made progress .
People without a ticket can no longer waltz through the airport and up to the gate .
Technology , including explosive - detection devices , has gotten better and is more consistently applied to checked and carry - on bags alike .
Passengers are more consistently screened by a more stable security work force with less employment turnover .
And at times , even the lines seem to be moving a hair faster .
A case could also be made that because there have been no successful attacks against a United States commercial flight since 9/11 , the system is indeed working .
But inconsistencies , contradictory rules and flat out screening failures continue to provoke skepticism among passengers and security experts alike .
The Maine House of Representatives has voted to grant same - sex couples the right to marry by a vote of 89 - 58 .
Last week the Maine Senate voted 21 - 14 for same - sex marriage as well .
A recent poll shows Maine voters are evenly split on the issue .
And , while it remains unclear if Governor Baldacci would sign the bill should it reach his desk , he has suggested recently that he would favor the legislation .
Post by ILO on 05/05/09 at 10:39 am
Macintosh se ha convertido en una firma a la que los apasionados del diseño gráfio o la edición de vídeo se agarran de inmediato .
Con una cantidad de cualidades únicas que hacen de la herramienta un recurso perfecto , no nos extraña que desde el primer momento ganara adeptos .
En este artículo queremos hablar , ya que anteriormente lo hemos hecho sobre la importancia del formato y cómo Mac supuso la revolución escorts barcelona más grande la cibertecnología , de todas esas razones que lo hacen superior sobre nuestro ordenador tradicional .
¡ No te pierdas cada uno de los puntos que aquí te exponemos para que compares !
El más rápido
La velocidad de Mac en sus inicios ya llamaba la atención hasta el punto de tenerlo en cuenta sobre otros muchos .
Actualmente , con la cantidad de aportaciones que hay para un elemento que siendo ligero es cuatro veces más rápido que el tradicional resulta fundamental tener uno de ellos en casa .
Variedad de usos
La usabilidad de Mac es otro de los grandes detalles para que lo tengamos en cuenta por delante del resto .
Con la costumbre que tenemos de hacer de nuestro iPad o el iPhone la herramienta perfecta , a la hora de que este sistema entre también en nuestro ordenador de mesa nos daremos cuenta de lo mucho que lo vamos a estar disfrutando .
Compatibilidad extrema
Uno de los miedos más frecuentes es el hecho de pensar en esos archivos de un PC tradicional no valdrán para nuestro Mac .
Lejos de ello , lo que vemos es un sistema con el que podemos activar todos nuestros elementos de la misma manera que si estuviésemos en el equipo anterior .
El más seguro
Si hay una característica por la que Mac destaca sobre tu PC tradicional es el carácter de la seguridad .
Todos tus archivos y datos que hayas metido en él quedarán patentados para ti y sobre todo protegidos .
No hay que temer en ningún caso por este aspecto , ya que incluso ante los virus que el ordenador pueda coger ejerce como barrera para dar al usuario esa confianza que necesita a la hora de navegar .
Una interfaz estable
El sistema bajo el que está creado
Mad es de lo más concreto .
La principal misión que tiene éste siempre ha sido garantizar al usuario una buena calidad de emisión de datos pero además que tampoco tuviese que estar formateando el disco duro cada dos por tres , ya que es algo que nos altera bastante .
Su establidad ha conseguido que ganemos horas de tiempo y restemos dolores de cabeza .
Sin duda alguna Macintosh ha supuesto toda una revelación a la hora de hablar de computación y de las herramientas que usamos en nuestra casa o puesto de trabajo .
A pesar de que casi siempre son los diseñadores gráficos o editores de vídeo los que se lanzan a comprarlo , cualquier persona de apie puede hacerse con éste y queda sorprendido con la cantidad de cualidades que contiene .
Si eres una persona a la que le gusta lo visual y disfruta de la sencillez , con Mac tienes la oportunidad de hacerte con una herramienta única en su especie y que te dará múltiples satisfacciones .
¿ Te animas a cambiar de modelo para ir a algo mejor ?
Recently retired center Mike Sillinger is back in the NHL .
The Edmonton Oilers on Thursday named the 38 - year - old to the position of Director of Player Development .
" We are very excited to have Mike fill such an important role with us , " Oilers GM Steve Tambellini said in a statement .
" We know his experience of 1,000 - plus NHL games will benefit our younger players and the development of their careers .
" Sillinger , a native of Regina , Saskatchewan , will work closely with all Oilers draft picks in the junior , college and European ranks .
He will also work with Edmonton 's prospects in the AHL and ECHL .
Sillinger announced his retirement earlier this month after a career that saw him play with an NHL - record 12 teams , including the last three years with the New York Islanders .
He underwent hip operations in each of the past two years and played only seven games in 2008 - 09 , scoring 2 goals .
He finished his NHL career with 240 goals and 308 assists for 548 points in 1,049 games .
Originally drafted No. 11 in 1990 by the Detroit Red Wings , Sillinger began his NHL career in Detroit before playing for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim , Vancouver Canucks Nashville Predators and the Islanders .
Sillinger also represented Team Canada on two occasions , winning a gold medal at the 1991 World Junior Championship and leading his country as their captain at the 2000 World Championship .
With current operating systems , as the number of cores increases efficiency decreases .
Microsoft Research has just announced an experimental OS , called Barrelfish , that they 're developing in conjunction with ETH Zurich , in the hopes that they 'll learn how to buck that trend -- both with current and future hardware .
Building upon lessons learned with projects including Midori and Singularity , Barrelfish eschews share memory schemes in favor of message passing and a kind of database that shuttles information between cores .
Heady stuff , for sure -- but just the kind of thing that sets off our Geek Alarms .
If you can't wait to check this one out for yourself , hit the read link for the first release snapshot , in all its Open Source glory .
The rest of us will probably remain content waiting to see how this new - found knowledge will trickle down to Windows 7 users in the future .
[ Via DailyTech
Before the king 's burial , his subjects take their time to clean his body .
It is not a ritual that should be lightly interfered with and , as the mighty , fallen monarch receives his last ablutions , medical personnel are keeping a respectuful distance .
The king was a gorilla called Titus .
Although he had been deposed by his son , death seemed to have restored him to his full glory .
The mighty silverback was once the dominant head of a tight - knit group of the great apes whose kingdom was on the eastern slopes of the Karisoke volcano in Rwanda 's border lands , and a vital figure in the battle for the survival of the species .
Rosette Rugamba , head of tourism and national parks in Rwanda , said : " The other gorillas are mourning .
They are cleaning him .
You have to be very careful .
You ca n't just remove the body . "
The Rwanda national parks office said the 450lb , 35 - year - old gorilla had " succumbed to old age " after a short illness .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Officials described Titus as " possibly the most remarkable gorilla ever known " , referring to his rise to dominance of he largest known group of gorillas in the world .
And Sir David Attenborough , the naturalist who was famously upstaged by Titus when the gorilla , then five , climbed on his back , said yesterday he was sorry that Titus should have died when he was still " quite young " .
He added : " He was a charming little animal .
Certainly , it was very memorable and I have n't been allowed to forget it . "
Titus was given his name by the great US primatologist Dian Fossey , who came to the Mikeno chain of volcanoes in the 1970s to conduct a census of the great apes .
Over two decades in Rwanda , she followed a group led by a male she had named " Uncle Bert " after a relative .
In 1974 , Fossey gave one of Bert 's offspring the name Titus .
Ten years later , the primatologist was murdered in her Rwandan forest cabin , possibly because of her work opposing the exploitation of the animals .
She was buried at the Karisoke Research Centre , which continues that work .
In the years that followed , Titus became possibly the most photographed and studied gorilla in history .
One of the first of a generation of apes whose lives have been documented since birth , Titus left a remarkable record that has demonstrated how far human understanding of gorilla behaviour has come .
For Titus , fame first came with his part in the film of Fossey 's life , Gorillas In The Mist and latterly as the star of a recent BBC documentary The Gorilla King .
Ian Redmond , who worked with Fossey and later with Sigourney Weaver , who played her in the biopic , remembered his first meeting with the ape when the latter film was released last year .
" Titus is special to me because he's the first gorilla I ever saw , " he said .
" As I approached this thicket , I saw this little black furry thing which was Titus being chased by his brother .
It was like joining a family picnic - it was quite something . "
But upon his birth in August 1974 , Titus was initially thought to be an underdeveloped baby with little chance of survival .
The environment gave little cause for optimism .
His uncle Digit , who was Fossey 's favourite gorilla , was killed by poachers in 1978 , and had his head and hands hacked off ; gorillas were often killed for the ornamental value of their skulls and paws .
The same poachers later returned to slaughter Titus 's father , Bert .
When Titus met Attenborough at the age of five , he was effectively an orphan , in a group with no silverback .
But he survived .
And later , after several years in a bachelor group , Titus eventually ascended to lead a mixed clan known as the " Beetsme " group , named for a former dominant male .
Titus is thought to have sired more offspring than any other gorilla recorded .
He is also credited with guiding his group out of danger during Rwanda 's 1994 genocide .
Titus led the Beetsme group for 15 years .
But gradually – in a tale of filial ambition worthy of Shakespeare – Titus 's son , Kuryama , usurped him at the head of the group .
Eventually , Titus accepted it .
But he retained his affectionate entourage , who continued to groom him as he followed in his son's wake .
Now tourists will pay $ 500 for permits to see the great apes , Kuryama 's leadership is likely to be a different era .
Before Fossey 's arrival in the region , though , the gorilla population was on course for extinction .
The population of mountain gorillas is still endangered , but it has now stabilised .
It was the battle for their survival that may have eventually claimed Fossey 's life .
Her murder has never been solved , but nor has her legacy expired , a legacy Titus lived out , and which , it is hoped , his tenuously surviving clan will continue to prove .
Although officials have refused to confirm the arrangements , it is likely that Titus will also be laid to rest at Karisoke , near the woman who gave him his name .
A Sony Music office in Mexico has been raided after the label refused to hand over the recordings of one of Latin America 's biggest artists , Alejandro Fernández .
Police took over 6,000 CDs that Sony refused to return , even though Fernández ' contract with the label had ended .
Alejandro Fernández or “ El Potrillo ” is one of Latin America ’s most successful singers .
He has produced a few dozen hits and won two Latin Grammy’s .
Fernández had a deal with Sony Music to record seven albums .
The deal ended last year after which he signed with Universal Music , but that did n’t stop Sony from using his music , photos and videos – quite the contrary .
Even without a contract , Sony decided to release a new album with previously unreleased Fernández material without the singer ’s permission .
Upset by this move , Fernández ’s lawyer sent a cease and desist to the label , but heard nothing .
As a result of Sony ’s inaction Fernández ’s lawyer saw no other option than to call in the police .
To prevent more damage from the ‘ pirating ’ label , Mexico City Police raided the label ’s office and collected over 6,000 of the new CDs , master recording and the album art .
“ Sony assumed that they could take tracks that were n’t part of previous albums and release them as an eighth album , as if it were new material , over which they had rights , ” Jose Luis Caballero , Fernández ’s lawyer said .
“ It ’s perfectly clear that the company ’s contract is limited to seven albums . ”
Sony Music denies the allegations and insists they are authorized to use the recordings even though Fernández ’s contract has ended .
They hope that the Mexican court will be on their side .
A Consumer Economy at a Standstill
This recovery is wonderful in every way , except the important ones .
It is like a shiny new airplane .
It has glossy aluminum wings .
It has plush seats in the first class section .
Trim stewardesses serve drinks .
Movies are available on demand in all sections .
A majority of those polled by Bloomberg think things are great ; 61 % said they thought they economy had taken off and was flying high .
Stocks are up .
Commodities are up .
And here ’s another Bloomberg headline : “ Global investors give Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke top marks … ”
The recovery has won the approval of economists and the public .
It has almost everything going for it .
It just wo n’t fly !
Comes news this morning that the US economy is still on the runway .
This report from the AP explains why :
“ Consumers slashed their borrowing in July by the largest amount on record as job losses and uncertainty about the economic recovery prompted Americans to rein in their debt .
“ Economists expect consumers will continue to spend less , save more and trim debt to get household finances decimated by the recession into better shape .
Such behavior , though , is a recipe for a lethargic revival , because consumer spending accounts for 70 percent of economic activity .
“ The Federal Reserve reported Tuesday that consumers in July ratcheted back their credit by a larger - than - anticipated $ 21.6 billion from June , the most on records dating to 1943 .
Economists had expected credit to drop by $ 4 billion . ”
Hey , not bad …economists were only off by 430 % .
Consumers are paying down debt more than four times faster than they thought .
Partly because they want to .
And partly because they have to .
They do n’t want to borrow … and banks do n’t want to lend to them anyway .
Consumer credit is falling at a 10 % annual rate , based on July figures .
Credit card debt is going down at an 8 % rate .
When they pay down a dollar ’s worth of debt that is one dollar less in the consumer economy .
But it ’s also a dollar that is not borrowed .
Where the consumer spent all his income two years ago … and borrowed more so that he could increase his consumption even further …now , he does n’t borrow … and he does n’t spend all his income either .
Now , the money that used to pour into consumer spending leaks out .
As we reported yesterday , personal spending is dropping … the figures were down in four of the last six quarters – something that has never happened before , since they began keeping records in 1947 .
And the level of consumer spending is down 33 % from a year ago – with discretionary spending now down to a level it has n’t seen in 50 years .
Of course , that ’s just what we ’ve been saying .
The great credit expansion began in 1945 .
It ended in 2007 .
Credit will contract for many years .
One study , also reported here , suggested that consumers would spend 14 % less – even after the economy was back on its feet .
We estimate that the total level of debt must go down below 200 % of GDP .
If that ’s correct , we need to pay down about $ 25 trillion of debt .
That wo n’t be easy and it wo n’t be quick .
And it will mean high levels of joblessness for a long time .
Already , two out of five working - age Californians are unemployed .
The other three are working the shortest workweeks in history .
No wonder ; with spending dropping , sales are falling .
So businesses do n’t need so many people to make , ship , sell and service their products .
Then , of course , when they lay off workers to cut expenses , the unemployed workers have to cut spending !
How is it possible for a consumer economy to grow when consumers are spending less money ?
Of course , it ’s not .
This is not a genuine recovery …it ’s an impostor .
A fraud .
A recovery impersonator .
While the private sector is paying down debt , the public sector is adding debt at a ferocious pace – about $ 150 billion per month .
Public spending is n’t the same as private spending .
It is usually spending for things that people would n’t buy if they had a choice .
And it comes with a whole new risk attached – the risk that the feds will inflate their way out of debt rather than pay it off .
Government spending does not bring a durable , real prosperity .
( If it did … think how easy it would be to make people rich ; governments love to spend money ! )
It may look like a recovery .
It may have shiny wings and spiffy - looking stewardesses .
But it wo n’t fly .
The World Economic Forum has taken the United States down from the number one position .
America is no longer the world ’s ‘ most competitive ’ economy .
That title goes to Switzerland .
Meanwhile , the US banking system is rated # 109 in the world – just below Tanzania .
“ More than one in four US banks announced an unprofitable quarter , ” Strategic Short Report ’s Dan Amoss tells us .
US banks became leveraged casinos during the bubble years .
They ’ve still got a lot of leverage … and are still trying to relive those glory days when players lined up to spin the wheel … and free drinks flowed by Niagara Falls .
Dan will certainly find the best way to play the downfall of US banks – after all , he did call the collapse of Lehman six months early – leading his readers to as much as a $ 200,000 profit .
Look for regular updates on the banking industry from Dan in these pages …
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
The British National party is being taken to court over claims its membership criteria breach human rights law .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission said it had issued county court proceedings against the party leader , Nick Griffin , and two other officials today over the BNP 's membership rules .
The party 's constitution limits members to people who are " ' indigenous Caucasian ' and defined ' ethnic groups ' emanating from that race " .
The commission first wrote to the BNP in June stating that it believed the party is in breach of the Race Relations Act .
The far right organisation responded by saying it intended to clarify the word " white " on its website .
However , the commission said today that it believes the BNP is still discriminating against " potential or actual members on racial grounds " .
" The BNP has said that it is not willing to amend its membership criteria which we believe are discriminatory and unlawful , " said John Wadham the commission 's group director .
" The commission has a statutory duty to use our regulatory powers to enforce compliance with the law so we have today issued county court proceedings against the BNP . "
Wadham said the BNP could still avoid court action if it moved quickly to change its membership rules .
However , a spokesman for the party said it intended to fight the move , claiming the action was politically motivated .
" It is strange that this is happening now when these rules have been in place for a long time , " said the BNP 's deputy leader , Simon Darby .
" And we certainly resent the fact that some unelected body which is 70 % ethnic can accuse us of racism . "
The commission said it had decided not to take action on two other grounds set out in its original letter to the BNP after the party agreed to comply with the law .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , San Francisco
Facebook 's journey into the East
The world 's largest social networking site just got bigger with the announcement it has 300 million active monthly users from around the globe .
Facebook also revealed that it had started making money ahead of schedule .
The company had not expected to start turning a profit until sometime in 2010 .
" This is important to us because it sets Facebook up to be a strong independent service for the long term , " said Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg .
" We are succeeding at building Facebook in a sustainable way .
We are just getting started on our goal of connecting everyone .
" We face a lot of fun and important challenges that require rethinking the current systems for enabling information flow across the web , " Mr Zuckerberg said in a blog post .
' Milestones '
The news that Facebook had passed these two benchmarks was made at TechCrunch 50 in San Francisco , a conference for start ups .
Facebook hit the 250 million user mark back in July .
It is estimated that the site is gaining about five million new users a week , or 50 million in the last 75 days .
More than 70 % of users are outside the United States " Passing these milestones to me means we can continue to fund our development and our innovation and be self sustaining as we grow this network , " Mike Schroepfer , Facebook 's vice - president of engineering , told BBC News .
" We think 300 million is a just the first step on the way to get as much of the entire world on the social network communicating with the friends and family and the people they want to communicate with . "
" That Facebook is able to continue this growth and build a " cash - flow positive " business is an impressive feat , " said Nick O'Neill of AllFacebook.com .
" If the company can cover the cost of scaling to one billion users and still manage to break even , there 's no doubt that the company will have a great opportunity to rake in billions , " added Mr O'Neill .
Facebook 's Mr Schroepfer said the company had worked hard to get more money flowing in than out .
" The growth of the network has certainly helped us go cash - positive and the engineering team has done a lot of innovation on our ad products , as our business is primarily advertising - funded .
" As more and more of the world gets on the network , people and advertisers realise the power of sharing information , whether it's about a movie preview or a car , " said Mr Schroepfer .
Look out Twitter , said Ben Parr , who is associate editor at the social media blog Mashable.com .
" If Facebook continues to open up its platform and adopt Twitter 's best features , it could spell trouble for the Twitterverse .
The world 's largest social network is on the warpath , " warned Mr Parr .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QUITO ( Reuters ) - Ecuador ’s President Rafael Correa said on Saturday he plans to defend his socialist government with a network of citizen committees , a move that suggests he is radicalizing his “ revolution ” .
Correa , who took office for a second term on Monday vowing to deepen socialist reforms in the Andean OPEC nation , said his government is under threat from wealthy elites and needs to mobilize its supporters .
“ We need to organize committees for the defense of the revolution in every neighborhood , ” said Correa , an ally of Cuba ’s President Raul Castro and Venezuela ’s Hugo Chavez , both leftists who have similar groups in their countries .
The plan is likely to draw criticism from his opponents who say Correa is too close to communist Cuba , where neighborhood watch groups called Committees for the Defense of the Revolution report activities considered counter - revolutionary .
Though widely popular , Correa appears to be worried that a coup that ousted leftist President Manuel Zelaya in Honduras in June could be repeated in Ecuador , where three presidents have been toppled in the last decade .
“ There are tiny groups here with huge economic power that at a given point could undermine the government , ” Correa said in his weekly media address .
“ We may have a lot of popular support , but if we do n’t have people that take to the streets to defend their government , we could easily be destabilized , ” said Correa .
Heavy social spending and promises to reduce the power of Ecuadorean business groups have raised Correa ’s popularity among the poor and middle class who blame the country ’s elites for inequality in the oil - rich country .
Venezuela ’s Chavez has organized his supporters into several different groups , and has often said he will arm citizens with automatic weapons to defend his government .
Correa did not give details of how the committees would be organized , but he talked about family and neighborhood groups and said they would not carry weapons .
“ The oligarchs start trembling when we tell citizens to organize , because if we organize we ’ll be invincible , ” Correa said .
Once again a court has found that the Bush administration , in its efforts to protect the country after 9/11 , acted in ways at odds with the Constitution .
As our colleague Carol J. Williams reports today , a federal court found that John Ashcroft , then - attorney general , violated the rights of U.S. citizens by ordering arrests on material witness warrants when the government lacked probable cause .
Williams writes that a three - judge panel called Ashcroft ’s detention policy “ repugnant to the Constitution , and a painful reminder of some of the most ignominious chapters of our national history . ”
The judges — all appointed by Republican presidents — found that Ashcroft could be sued for prosecutorial abuses .
Follow this link to see the judges ’ ruling in its entirety , along with a separate opinion partially concurring and partially dissenting .
Be warned , however , that the ruling is in pdf format , more than 90 pages long and , like most legal documents , not exactly breezy reading .
For those who like to skip ahead , some of the more passionate , even angry , language can be found on pages 56 - 58 .
-- Steve Padilla
Photo :
In 2004 , then - Atty .
Gen. John Ashcroft at a news conference on possible terrorist threats against the United States .
Credit : EPA .
For Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item , click here .
Or follow us @latimestot
Microsoft and Intel have teamed up to promote Windows 7 , both claiming that the new operating system ( OS ) is faster , more energy efficient , and that it takes advantage of Intel - based computers .
Energy Savings for Multi-Processor Systems
The new features relate to the way both the Windows system itself and individual applications draw on the processors at the heart of a computer .
Previously , Windows would make regular automated demands on the processor as a matter of course .
This automatically ' woke up ' any processor that the application had allowed to become idle because it was n't needed at that time , which effectively meant that the processor would continue to draw full power even when it did n't need to be active .
Windows 7 is set up so that this only happens with the main processor on a machine , which really does need to be ready for immediate action at all times .
On machines with multiple processors , such as many of those produced by Intel ( along with some other chipmakers ) , Windows will allow all other processors to go into a lower - power mode whenever they are n't being used .
Windows 7 " Timer Coalescing "
Another feature , timer coalescing , builds on this work .
It involves the way each application is scheduled to make demands on a processor at particular intervals .
Timer coalescing tweaks these intervals so that the demands from all the running applications come in as quick a succession as possible , leaving longer gaps in between when nothing is happening -- allowing the processor to go into low - power mode .
( Source : microsoft.com )
Energy Efficiency with Software Drivers
The feature also works with drivers , the pieces of software which act as the link between a hardware device and Windows .
Because applications and drivers must be specifically set - up by developers to be compatible with timer coalescing , the benefits will vary immensely from user to user depending on both their computer set - up and the applications they run .
In a demonstration this week , Microsoft and Intel showed a Windows 7 machine boasting a 20 per cent longer battery life than an identical model running Vista .
( Source : eweek.com )
CINCINNATI , Aug. 2 ( UPI ) --
Two residents of Green Township , Ohio , say their family home was infiltrated by up to 70,000 honey bees .
Susan and Doug Hayes said while they have had problems with bee swarms around their home since 2007 , they were unprepared to learn tens of thousands of them were residing within their home 's walls , The Cincinnati Enquirer reported Saturday .
Advertisement
" I love nature , bees are important to our ecosystem " said Susan Hayes , whose home underwent a thorough bee removal at the hands of beekeeper Bill Jones .
" It breaks my heart that I destroyed their home , but they were destroying mine . "
Jones was unable to simply exterminate the invasive insects since honey bees are considered endangered .
Using a so - called bee-vac machine that sucks the bees into a box without injuring them , Jones was able to clean out the house 's walls .
" It 's not the biggest job we 've ever done , " Jones told the Enquirer of the nearly $ 2,800 bee removal .
" But , it is the most intense , because they went behind the chimney . "
The Goblin WolfSpyder is a kit that transforms a Can Am Spyder reverse trike into a fully - enclosed road - going fighter plane .
Finally , we can fulfill our dream of owning the least practical vehicle ever .
Advertisement
Jalopnik Drives The Can - Am Spyder !
When it comes to segment blurring , the team at BRP 's Can - Am have aimed a shot across the bow of Read more
Advertisement
The kit retains the stock Can Am Spyder suspension , but clearly uses a bespoke frame which locates the driver low down and between the front wheels .
The engine is relocated behind the cockpit with a huge and functionless tail fin ( Goblin claims it may help other road users see you ) bolted to the top .
Like the Can Am , the WolfSpyder does n't lean and presumably retains the incredibly restrictive stability control system , which is the only thing standing between the Spyder and lawsuits fun .
The WolfSpyder bodykit adds $ 19,995 to the Spyder 's $ 15,449 base price and is registerale as a motorcycle .
[ Goblin via Autoblog.nl ]
This week the Obama ’s hosted a reception at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for important foreign people in town for the conference at the UN .
During the course of the reception , the Barack and Michelle Obama posed for over 130 photos .
My friend Eric Spiegelman pulled the photos from the State Department ’s Flickr page and compiled this 20 second video of each one flashing by .
Watch the video below as our president ’s smile barely moves throughout the entire series , almost like he ’s a cardboard cutout or something .
Barack Obama ’s amazingly consistent smile from Eric Spiegelman on Vimeo .
|viaEric Spiegelman|
Inspired by the success of cochlear implants that can restore hearing to some deaf people , researchers at MIT are working on a retinal implant that could one day help blind people regain a useful level of vision .
The eye implant is designed for people who have lost their vision from retinitis pigmentosa or age - related macular degeneration , two of the leading causes of blindness .
The retinal prosthesis would take over the function of lost retinal cells by electrically stimulating the nerve cells that normally carry visual input from the retina to the brain .
Such a chip would not restore normal vision but it could help blind people more easily navigate a room or walk down a sidewalk .
" Anything that could help them see a little better and let them identify objects and move around a room would be an enormous help , " says Shawn Kelly , a researcher in MIT 's Research Laboratory for Electronics and member of the Boston Retinal Implant Project .
The research team , which includes scientists , engineers and ophthalmologists from Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary , the Boston VA Medical Center and Cornell as well as MIT , has been working on the retinal implant for 20 years .
The research is funded by the VA Center for Innovative Visual Rehabilitation , the National Institutes of Health , the National Science Foundation , the Catalyst Foundation and the MOSIS microchip fabrication service .
Led by John Wyatt , MIT professor of electrical engineering , the team recently reported a new prototype that they hope to start testing in blind patients within the next three years .
Electrical stimulation
Patients who received the implant would wear a pair of glasses with a camera that sends images to a microchip attached to the eyeball .
The glasses also contain a coil that wirelessly transmits power to receiving coils surrounding the eyeball .
When the microchip receives visual information , it activates electrodes that stimulate nerve cells in the areas of the retina corresponding to the features of the visual scene .
The electrodes directly activate optical nerves that carry signals to the brain , bypassing the damaged layers of retina .
One question that remains is what kind of vision this direct electrical stimulation actually produces .
About 10 years ago , the research team started to answer that by attaching electrodes to the retinas of six blind patients for several hours .
When the electrodes were activated , patients reported seeing a small number of " clouds " or " drops of blood " in their field of vision , and the number of clouds or blood drops they reported corresponded to the number of electrodes that were stimulated .
When there was no stimulus , patients accurately reported seeing nothing .
Those tests confirmed that retinal stimulation can produce some kind of organized vision in blind patients , though further testing is needed to determine how useful that vision can be .
After those initial tests , with grants from the Boston Veteran 's Administration Medical Center and the National Institutes of Health , the researchers started to build an implantable chip , which would allow them to do more long - term tests .
Their goal is to produce a chip that can be implanted for at least 10 years .
One of the biggest challenges the researchers face is designing a surgical procedure and implant that wo n't damage the eye .
In their initial prototypes , the electrodes were attached directly atop the retina from inside the eye , which carries more risk of damaging the delicate retina .
In the latest version , described in the October issue of IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering , the implant is attached to the outside of the eye , and the electrodes are implanted behind the retina .
That subretinal location , which reduces the risk of tearing the retina and requires a less invasive surgical procedure , is one of the key differences between the MIT implant and retinal prostheses being developed by other research groups .
Another feature of the new MIT prototype is that the chip is now contained in a hermetically sealed titanium case .
Previous versions were encased in silicone , which would eventually allow water to seep in and damage the circuitry .
While they have not yet begun any long - term tests on humans , the researchers have tested the device in Yucatan miniature pigs , which have roughly the same size eyeballs as humans .
Those tests are only meant to determine whether the implants remain functional and safe and are not designed to observe whether the pigs respond to stimuli to their optic nerves .
So far , the prototypes have been successfully implanted in pigs for up to 10 months , but further safety refinements need to be made before clinical trials in humans can begin .
Wyatt and Kelly say they hope that once human trials begin and blind patients can offer feedback on what they 're seeing , they will learn much more about how to configure the algorithm implemented by the chip to produce useful vision .
Patients have told them that what they would like most is the ability to recognize faces .
" If they can recognize faces of people in a room , that brings them into the social environment as opposed to sitting there waiting for someone to talk to them , " says Kelly .
Sept. 24 , 2009  -- Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the Iranian president , had another door slammed in his face Thursday when a third New York venue refused to allow the Holocaust - denying leader a place to throw a reception while he was in town for the United Nations General Assembly .
On Thursday , the Essex House , a Manhattan hotel , cancelled a presumably alcohol - and pork - free dinner Ahmadinejad planned to host Friday , less than 24 hours after he went on a hate - filled rant at the U.N. , which caused members of the U.S. delegation to walk out of the room .
Ahmadinejad and his fellow pariah , Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , have received welcomes as cold as desert nights since they landed in New York this week , each of them cancelling plans after locals demanded they pack up their things .
The hotel said " that no accommodation or banqueting facilities have been booked at the Essex House for the president of Iran or members of his delegation , " making it the third place in a week to bow to local pressure .
A nonprofit group called United Against Nuclear Iran says it has spearheaded the campaign to keep venues from hosting the president and successfully encouraged General Electric to divest its holdings in Iran .
" We thank our supporters for sending a clear message to the Essex House that companies that do business with Iran support a dangerous regime and finance an illegal nuclear weapons program , " said the group .
" We call on other American and international businesses to follow the example of the Essex House . "
No Room at the Inn
The Essex House is owned by Dubai 's state - owned hotel conglomerate , the Jumeirah Group .
Dubai has traditionally had strong diplomatic ties with Iran , but those ties have shown signs of fraying recently .
Two other venues in New York , Helmsley Hotel and Gotham Hall , have in recent days also pulled the welcome mat out from under Ahmadinejad , forcing the pariah president to cancel dinner events he had originally scheduled Wednesday and Thursday of this week .
" As soon as Helmsley corporate management learned of the possibility of either the Iranian mission or President Ahmadinejad holding a function at the New York Helmsley Hotel , they immediately ordered the cancellation of that function , " said Helmsley spokesman Howard Rubenstein in a statement .
Since arriving in New York Tuesday , Ahmadinejad has been staying at the InterContinental hotel near the United Nations , though InterContinental would not formally confirm that .
" InterContinental Hotels & Resorts is fully committed to the safety , comfort and well - being of its guests and associates .
In the interest of guest privacy , we are not at liberty to reveal or discuss the details of guests or groups staying at any of our properties .
This is a hotel and brand policy , " said spokeswoman Caroline Counihan .
Iran 's Ahmadinejad : Cold Reception in New York
Ahmadinejad , who denies the Holocaust took place and has called for the destruction of the state of Israel , further raised the ire of many Americans in recent months when he cracked down on antigovernment protesters in the wake of an allegedly rigged election .
United Against Nuclear Iran cheered the news .
" UANI applauds the Essex House for declining to host President Ahmadinejad and for refusing to provide him with a venue and a platform for spewing hatred , " it said in a statement .
" By choosing not to accommodate President Ahmadinejad , The Essex House joins UANI , GE , The New York Helmsley , and Gotham Hall , and the international community in isolating Iran and its thuggish theocracy .
Ahmadinejad may want to compare notes with Gadhafi .
After his plans to pitch a traditional Bedouin tent in Manhattan 's Central Park were nixed , Gadhafi tried getting permission to make camp in Englewood , N.J. , but was rebuffed .
After renting a parcel of land from billionaire Donald Trump in Westchester County , N.Y. , Gadhafi 's agents put the tent up there -- but then took it down after local government said they did n't have the necessary permit .
Gadhafi again spent the night at the Libyan ambassador 's residence on the East Side of Manhattan .
There are a few statistics that you can look at to see actual human pain in the real economy .
You can look at the recent stock market rally yet even a 50 + percent rally is unable to create jobs or stem the economic pain of those at the lower end of the economic spectrum .
Looking at food stamp participation from the United States Department of Agriculture shows us a very disturbing picture .
When we did a report on this in August of 2009 we had 34 million Americans on food stamps .
In the span of one month , the number jumped by over a million .
The raw data shows us that a stunning 12 percent of our entire population is receiving some form of food stamp assistance .
The program is now called Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program but the theme is still the same .
Let us look at some of the raw data :
Source : Sudden Debt
This is the highest percentage of Americans receiving food stamps since records started being kept back in 1969 .
The average person receiving assistance now receives $ 133 per month but even a number this low with such a high number of participants is costing the government $ 56 billion on an annualized basis .
Here are the top 5 states :
- 1 . Texas – 3.068 million participants
- 2. California – 2.99
- 3 . New York – 2.57
- 4 . Florida – 1.77
- 5 . Illinois – 1.71
What is telling with the data above is that Texas has 24 million people while California has 37 million yet Texas has more people receiving food stamps .
Florida and Illinois have nearly the same amount of participants although Florida has 18 million people while Illinois has 13 million people .
When we look at food stamp participation we see the real pain in the economy .
I drive around many local areas in California .
In many lower to middle class areas you will see department store traffic down to levels unseen in decades .
Yet if you look at local dollar stores they are booming with traffic .
People are asking about tent cities or soup lines but some of the “ hidden ” pain is mitigated by people simply buying at lower priced stores .
After all , you can buy a loaf of bread , some sliced ham , a few cans of soup , and feed your family for a week .
Although this is living on the margins you wo n’t be starving either but might explain why we have n’t seen a gigantic jump in tent cities or soup lines .
Yet there is a significant jump in traffic to local charities and shelters as you would expect in any deep recession .
Those receiving food stamps will pump practically all the money back into the local economy .
With $ 133 a month there is n’t much you can do .
Yet it might be enough to provide a tiny buffer .
I can only imagine how our country would look like right now if there were no food stamps or unemployment insurance .
Can you imagine 35 million people out on the street in the United States of America ?
Yet the stock market boosted by the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve is only helping the top bracket of our country .
Most Americans have seen their hours cut , wages slashed , and are dealing with declining housing prices and a smaller stock portfolio .
This is the reality on the ground .
If we look at the real unemployment rate we are approaching Great Depression levels :
The headline unemployment rate is 9.7 percent .
If we look at the government U - 6 rate a broader and better indicator of the true employment situation we find that 16.8 percent of people are either unemployed or underemployed .
A more broader measure already shows the unemployment rate at 20 percent .
Some people have a hard time seeing this in action .
Take a look at Detroit that has an unemployment rate of 28.9 percent .
That is right , 28.9 percent of a city that once had 1.8 million people and was the hub of the automotive industry .
Even though the pundits and the Wall Street crowd are breathing happy in their custom made suits , the reality on the ground is very different .
Those collecting food stamps are only growing .
The unemployment rate is only moving up .
It is hard for most Americans to except the “ lagging indicator ” argument when we are breaking records left and right .
This is not your typical recession so why are we to expect that things will move out in a typical fashion ?
Ask those 35 million Americans if they feel the recession is over .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
In this screen shot provided by Google , a Google Voice inbox is shown .
( AP Photo / Google )
( AP ) -- AT&T Inc. said Friday that Google Inc.'s
Internet phone program gets an unfair advantage from blocking calls to rural communities where local carriers charge high connection fees .
In a letter to federal regulators , AT&T said Google Voice keeps costs low by refusing to connect calls to places where some local carriers give phone numbers to adult chat lines and conference - calling services to draw long distance calls .
They share hefty connection fees AT&T must pay .
Dallas , Texas - based AT&T , however , has been barred by the Federal Communications Commission from blocking such calls .
The high fees force AT&T to raise prices for all of its customers , while Google can offer calls through the Google Voice software at very low rates .
Google Voice gives people an additional phone number that 's not tied to any one phone line .
People can program the service to direct incoming calls to their cell phone , home or work numbers .
Users can get e-mail transcripts of voice mails through the service .
It can also be used to send text messages and place calls - even international ones - at low rates paid to Google , not the carriers , though those calls do use cell phone plan minutes .
AT&T said that Google should not be exempt from the ban because Google Voice " appears to be nothing more than a creatively packaged assortment of services that are already quite familiar to the commission . "
AT&T 's letter also hammered on what it saw as a contradiction between call blocking and Google 's support for " net neutrality , " the idea that all types of data are treated equally by both wired and wireless Internet service providers .
In a blog post , Mountain View , Calif . - based Google said it is n't a traditional phone carrier , so it 's not subject to the call - blocking ban .
It also made the case that it's not a direct competitor to AT&T because Google Voice users still must have a land line or a mobile phone to use the service .
Google also objected to the net neutrality argument because the Web search leader is not a service provider .
AT&T asked the FCC to stop rural carriers from boosting incoming calls and charging high fees , or in the absence of such a decision , to hold Google accountable to the same rules .
FCC spokeswoman Jen Howard said the commission had received AT&T 's letter and is reviewing it .
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further AT&T says it was Apple that blocked Google Voice
In 1970 , before Coppola had taken the helm , author Mario Puzo scribbled and sent the following letter to Marlon Brando in an effort to cast him in the movie adaptation of his novel , The Godfather .
However , the studio , well aware of Brando ’s recent bad form and notoriously overbearing demands , were less enthusiastic and refused to cast him despite his immediate interest .
Had it not been for Coppola later coming on board and subsequently fighting for Brando ’s inclusion , Puzo ’s wishes could easily have been ignored .
Transcript follows .
( This letter , along with 124 other fascinating pieces of correspondence , can be found in the bestselling book , Letters of Note .
For more info , visit Books of Note )
Transcript
MARIO PUZO
866 MANOR LANE
BAY SHORE , LONG ISLAND
NEW YORK , N. Y. 11706 Jan 23 Dear Mr Brando
I wrote a book called THE GODFATHER which has had some success and I think you ’re the only actor who can play the part Godfather with that quiet force and irony ( the book is an ironical comment on American society ) the part requires .
I hope you ’ll read the book and like it well enough to use whatever power you can to get the role .
I ’m writing Paramount to the same effect for whatever good that will do .
I know this was presumptuous of me but the least I can do for the book is try .
I really think you ’d be tremendous .
Needless to say I ’ve been an admirer of your art .
Mario Puzo
A mutual friend , Jeff Brown , gave me your address
When lawyer Ernst - Jan Louwers showed up in a Dutch court this week to defend the three Pirate Bay administrators , he swore that none of the three men in fact owned the site , having got rid of it in a shady 2006 transaction .
How shady ?
Louwers told the judge that he could produce literally no piece of evidence that the site had even been sold at all — no contract , no bank transfer , no nothing .
The Pirate Bay admins have long said that the site is actually controlled by a mysterious company called Reservella , based in the Seychelles islands .
As for who controls Reservella , the admins say they have no idea — and frankly do n't care .
But Dutch antipiracy group BREIN says that it knows who controls Reservella , and it has the document to prove it : Fredrik Neij , one of the three Pirate Bay admins .
Check the credit report
The revelation was made during a Dutch trial this week seeking to block access to The Pirate Bay from within the Netherlands .
BREIN submitted as evidence a credit report from Experian ( PDF ) , one of the major credit rating agencies , which listed Neij as the CEO of Reservella .
The document added , " Although the Subject Business is legally registered , it is registered in a tax haven country by overseas owners , and has no operational office , nor employees . "
The " maximum recommended credit " that should be extended to the company was , not surprisingly , " None . "
Peter Sunde
Pirate Bay admin and spokesperson Peter Sunde quickly took to his blog , claiming that Neij had nothing to do with Reservella 's owners .
Furthermore , he suspected a forgery .
" It is very clear to me what has happened , " he wrote .
" My well educated , well established , well founded hunch is that BREIN realized that they were going to lose hard and in order to win , they themselves had to create false evidence and hand that over to the court ! "
As if that was n't enough , Sunde said that " I am right now filing criminal charges against both [ BREIN boss ]
Tim Kuik personally as well as BREIN to the Dutch police .
I consider what they have done as criminal .
Much more severe than any ' aiding with potential copyright infringement ' could ever be .
The charges will be forgery ( the document is stated to come from a third party and used as evidence in a court of law ) and fraud ( by gaining from this , both monetarily as well as politically ) . "
Flickr user Tim Kuik of BREINFlickr user boklm
So what 's going on here ?
We contacted Kuik , who sounds like a man who has had it with The Pirate Bay 's antics .
" If Sunde will in fact file a criminal complaint , he will in fact wilfully make a false complaint , " he told Ars .
" Although I find it not unusual for Mr. Sunde to make false statements and allegations , this would be another and even more reproachable low after his previous misguided criminal complaint against me which also led to nothing . "
( Sunde also went after Kuik a few weeks back over a separate legal issue . )
In any event , BREIN says it had nothing to do with the report , which came from Experian , and that it was only using the document in an attempt to have the judge join the ( separate ) trials against The Pirate Bay admins and against Reservella .
The judge refused , and Kuik says that the report " therefore does not play a role in the court case . "
De facto control
But even if BREIN can't trace the paper trail , it says that Sunde , Neij , and Gottfrid Warg are " taking actual responsibility for the site " regardless of its owner .
They therefore should bear responsibility and are the " de facto " site operators .
And Kuik noted that the court case this week did result in the admission from Louwers that " Neij and Warg had been owners of The Pirate Bay and contended they had transferred the ownership ' some time in 2006 . '
He could not say to whom and could not submit any transaction document . "
The Pirate Bay has actually said this for some time .
Sunde has previously told Ars that the site was offloaded back in 2006 , but not to Reservella .
Instead , ownership was transferred to an entity that he refuses to name , which then sold it to Reservella .
We contacted Sunde to ask whether there was not some document or money trail proving any of this , something that would simply put an end to the continued claims that the Pirate Bay admins are playing an ownership shell game of some kind .
Sunde tells
Ars that there is no such document or money trail because , in 2006 , the site was " given away for free . "
Who was it given to ?
" This is being kept confidential because the other party would otherwise try to sue more people , of course . "
But it 's Sunde 's understanding that no documents were signed at the time .
Suspicion has long centered on Neij because his name shows up on The Pirate Bay 's WHOIS information as the contact ( Reservella is listed as the owner ) .
The new document from Experian seems to confirm that Neij was in fact linked with Reservella — so we asked him for an explanation .
Neij tells
Ars that he is " listed as a contact for the domain , where they have chosen to add their company name as well .
I can only assume it has something to do with the upcoming sale .
As with most customers that have my name as proxy , I can not edit the WHOIS information , because they still have the domains in their registrar accounts for which I do n't have access .
They are allowed to use my name in the whois as long as they are costumers of [ Neij 's business ] DCP Networks . "
So Neij 's name was simply plugged into the WHOIS information by the person who currently controls the domain ; this also seems to be a possible explanation for the credit report information as well .
Whoever Reservella is , he or she wants to remain well hidden .
Ars has received anonymous information on the company , pegging it to a specific individual who lives in the Seychelles ( itself an interesting claim , since the Seychelles is a hub for offshore companies and foreign ownership was assumed to be more likely ) .
The name " Reservella " is alleged to come from a Seychelles luxury hotel called " La Reserve . "
Ars has been unable to confirm either piece of information , though this same source was correct that the company had been registered by the Mayfair Trust Group Limited in the Seychelles city of Victoria .
Mayfair
Trust refused to provide any contact information for Reservella , but did confirm that it forwarded the e-mail to " our client and they will respond directly to your query . "
No one from Reservella replied , and no one from the site showed up in the Dutch court this week .
Sunde told us a few weeks ago , " One thing you need to know when it comes to Reservella is that _it 's not us_ .
We separated the TPB ownership long time ago to protect ourselves and the site .
That means that it 's deliberately out of our hands on how that part is handled .
We signed the NDAs in order to be able to take part in some of the discussions with [ Global Gaming Factory ] , such as demanding for instance that the user data is safe , it can't be handed over etc etc .
That was part of the deal when TPB was handed over — an eventual sale in the future had to be on terms that the crew could be OK with . "
Although the content industries continue to charge that the admins have been stashing huge wads of cash in secret bank accounts , Sunde is adamant that the only benefit he accrues from working on the site is " helping out a political cause Since the money [ from a sale ] will in the end be transferred to a fund , no one will benefit from this economically .
It 's building muscles for a cause . "
But , while the ownership mystery continues , BREIN hopes to proceed against the site administrators and will leave the question of Reservella 's ownership for another day .
To Kuik , it 's just not enough to sign some mysterious papers , say that you no longer own the site , and then continue to operate as you have always done ; if you want to avoid liability , stop doing the activity in question .
And so begins the usual diet of faint jingoism and hazy nostalgia .
By offering £ 10bn for Cadbury , Kraft has sparked a round of reminiscing about confectionery the British have known and loved – and which may fall into the hands of those rapacious Americans .
Flake !
Wispa !
Creme Eggs !
Inevitable perhaps , since nearly everyone who has ever been a child will have chewed their way through a Cadbury product – or will remember those ads telling them to thank Crunchie it 's Friday , or about how the faintly shady man in the black polo neck went to so much trouble all because the lady loved Milk Tray .
But there was a time when Cadbury stood for a different way of trading .
It was one of a batch of Quaker firms which had a stranglehold on the chocolate business : Cadbury of Birmingham , Rowntree 's and Terry 's of York – and the granddaddy of them all , Fry 's of Bristol .
Indeed , Joseph
Fry is credited with making the first - ever chocolate bar .
Barred from Oxford and Cambridge and Westminster , ingenious Quakers had few avenues apart from commerce , and in that too they would not do anything unethical .
Hence chocolate .
These were businesses distinguished by decent treatment of workers .
Joseph Rowntree built on 150 acres of New Earswick , while the Cadburys '
Bournville village had a library – but never a pub .
It may sound paternalistic , but back then such provision was genuinely radical .
Now those old Quaker chocolate firms stand as a memory of a more humane way of doing business .
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Honeybees use their wings to ' blow away ' marauding ants that venture too close to their nests .
Scientists in South Africa and China have captured this unique behaviour on film for the first time .
As the ants approach , the bees turn in circles and fan their wings with a force greater than when in flight .
This produces such a large force that individual ants can be blown off their feet , the researchers report in the Journal of Insect Behavior .
Cape honeybees ( Apis mellifera capensis ) are found in southern parts of South Africa .
It 's like using a leaf blowing machine to blow away grass and leaves
Ming - Xian Yang
Rhodes University , South Africa
Their nests are often invaded and damaged by a host of other insect pests , including tramp ants ( Pheidole magacephala ) hive beetles ( Aethina tumida ) and the greater waxmoth ( Galleria mellonella ) .
But the researchers only came across the bees ' defensive tactic by accident .
" I dropped some honey at the entrance of a honey bee colony by mistake , " says Mr Ming - Xian Yang , a biologist at Rhodes University , Grahamstown in South Africa and Yunnam Agricultural University in Heilongtan , China .
" It was not long before the ants came , then guard bees started fanning immediately when they detected the ants . "
So along with colleagues from both universities , Mr Yang investigated the behaviour .
Blown away Further study using video analysis and sound recordings to measure wing beat frequency revealed that the bees were using their wings as a fan to blow away the ants .
" It 's like using a leaf blowing machine to blow away grass and leaves , " Mr Yang told BBC Earth News .
When coming into contact with the ants , the bees spin 360 degrees , both clockwise and anticlockwise , in a bid to dislodge the ants en mass .
This approach allows the bees to increase the area of counter - attack and reduce the chance of ants passing into the nest .
The research team also recorded the wing beat frequency of the fan blowing and found that it was significantly greater than the bees use in normal flight .
That means the defence tactic costs the bees significant amounts of valuable energy .
While this fan - blowing behaviour has been reported before , it has not previously been filmed .
The researchers have also uncovered how the bees select from a range of defensive techniques depending on the type of pest they are trying to eject .
For example , bees also use the fanning technique to blow away aphids and termites .
However , they physically push smaller hive beetles away using a ' mauling technique ' , while the larger larvae of the greater waxmoth are seized with mandibles and thrown from the nest .
The researchers hope their findings will lead to a greater understanding of the co-evolutionary arms race between bees and pests such as ants .
They also hope to identify other bee species around the world that exhibit similar behaviours .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In an interview with the Economist magazine recently , former House Majority Leader and current FreedomWorks Capo Dick Armey said that something like a Public Option would be great .
But the issue comes down to choice .
“ If you in fact freely choose to enroll in Medicare that ’s a wonderful gift , ” said Armey , “ it ’s a charity , it ’s something I applaud .
But when they force you in , that ’s tyranny . ”
Needless to say , Armey , albeit a native English speaker , has not apparently focused in on the ‘ option ’ part of ‘ public option ’ since obviously , in the reality - based world , this is the whole point .
It ’s an option if you either cannot get or do not want insurance from a private company .
It also points back to the question ( a frustratingly good one ) of why the advocates of a public option and just reform in general have not simply explained this as allowing people to buy into Medicare at any age .
Because , essentially , that ’s what it is .
And I think I could pretty much guarantee you that if the question in the public mind was “ Would you like the option of buying into Medicare before you turn 65 ? ” the opposition would be vastly diminished .
This is n’t just rhetoric .
This is the most accurate and graspable explanation of what ’s being proposed .
Indeed , the big secret not many people are discussing is that in the current iterations of the ‘ public option ’ in most of the bills in committee that ‘ option ’ is n’t given as an option to many people .
Most people are n’t allowed to access it .
And it ’s designed that way in order to put a crimp on any competition it might provide to private sector insurers .
But what we ’re stuck with is ‘ public option , ’ which a crew of bamboozlers have warped into some sort of Logan ’s Run government program in which your ten year old will need to make his case for his future contributions to society to ensure he can get his broken leg set rather than be euthanized and ground into Soylent Green to feed yet more illegal aliens on welfare .
Why this is n’t being used as a way to explain this program is simply beyond me .
OpenOffice.org 3.1.1
Ubuntu Jaunty users
OpenOffice.org 3.1.1 - Only for JAUNTY ( being prepared )
has been released .
You can find full release notes , You can download Windows files , Linux - .DEB and .RPM and Mac OSX files for OpenOffice 3.1.1 fromFor : if you prefer to install OpenOffice from a PPA instead of the above .deb download , you can add the PPA for OpenOffice.org Scribblers .
The OO 3.1.1 packages are not ready , but should be packed soon :
Senators Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , Pat Leahy ( D - VT ) , Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) and Jeff Merkley ( D - OR ) “ announced today that they will introduce the Retroactive Immunity Repeal Act , which eliminates retroactive immunity for telecommunications companies that allegedly participated in President Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping program , ” according to a press release .
Background :
Over the last two years , Senators Dodd , Leahy , and Feingold have led the fight against granting retroactive immunity to the telecommunications companies .
However , last July , Congress passed FISA legislation that granted retroactive immunity over the objections of the Senators and others .
This bill seeks to reverse the mistake of the last Congress and repeal the retroactive immunity provisions .
The Senators strongly believe that the courts , and neither Congress nor the Administration , should be the ones to determine whether these corporations violated the law and rights of Americans and whether or not they should be held accountable .
Earlier today , President Barack Obama addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations .
You can read the full transcript here .
Experts in foreign policy and international affairs at The Heritage Foundation watched the speech and had plenty of reaction .
Here are some highlights :
On Reaction at U.N. :
“ The other U.N. member states have to be beside themselves with glee .
President Obama gave them virtually everything they could ask for without demanding anything in return that was not already on the agenda – and which they are prepared to twist to their advantage .
He did not even ask them to support more accountability , transparency , or efficiency in the U.N. , which will be leading action on the very complex and expensive tasks that he is proposing .
The Obama administration probably thinks that its actions and this speech have purchased them the goodwill of U.N. member states , which will translate into support for U.S. policies .
They are setting themselves up for disappointment .
The political nature of the U.N. is combative and tough .
Most member states consider these concessions their due .
They will pocket them and stand firm to defend their interests .
Cooperation will be on their terms , on issues they wish to pursue .
The naïveté of the speech was staggering . ”
— Brett D. Schaefer , Jay Kingham Fellow in International Regulatory Affairs , Heritage ’s Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom , and author of ConUNdrum : The Limits of the United Nations and the Search for Alternatives
Compared to Other Obama Speeches :
“ Was this Obama ’s most naïve speech ever ?
It is a very strong candidate , but I think there is intense competition for that accolade .
The president ’s speeches in Cairo , Strasbourg and Prague would all vie for that title .
Still , his address today will go down in history as one of the weakest major addresses by a U.S. president on foreign policy in a generation , by a leader who seems embarrassed , even ashamed , by the power and greatness of his own country . ”
— Nile Gardiner , Director , Margaret Thatcher Center for Freedom , The Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Institute for International Studies at The Heritage Foundation
On Afghanistan :
“ Obama ’s statements on Afghanistan at the U.N. today — which failed to mention the need to defeat the Taliban insurgency — will likely be interpreted by our allies as a sign that he is beginning to waver in his commitment to finishing the job of stabilizing and securing Afghanistan and preventing its return to being a safe haven for international terrorists .
This is highly unfortunate .
Without American leadership on Afghanistan , the entire civilized world will remain hostage to international terrorists , backed by the Taliban leadership , intent on attacking innocents at the times and places of their own choosing . ”
— Lisa Curtis , Senior Research Fellow , Heritage ’s Asian Studies Center
On the Middle East :
“ President Obama proclaimed , ‘ We must embrace a new era of engagement based on mutual interests and mutual respect , and our work must begin now . ’
But in the Middle East , his administration ’s engagement policy has yielded very little of substance .
The Israeli -Palestinian talks , which the administration has trumpeted as an urgent priority , remain in limbo .
Obama ’s meeting yesterday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was little more than a tense photo opportunity that did little to clear the way for renewed peace negotiations .
“ Although Washington had hoped to announce the formal opening of Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , this continues to be blocked by the refusal of Palestinians to agree to negotiations until Israel has halted the expansion of settlements in disputed territory .
Never mind that many of the settlements would end up on the Israeli side when the borders are redrawn in a final agreement .
Iran also has proven to be highly resistant to the Obama administration ’s calls for engagement .
Despite three rounds of sanctions imposed by the U.N. Security Council and continued international pressure to halt its uranium - enrichment efforts , Iran has agreed to participate in talks on a wide variety of subjects — except for uranium enrichment , which it is accelerating .
It will be interesting to see how Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad responds to Obama ’s speech when he speaks later this afternoon .
But the big question is what the Obama administration will do when engagement fails . ”
— James Phillips , Senior Research Fellow for Middle Eastern Affairs , Heritage ’s Douglas and Sarah Allison Center for Foreign Policy Studies
Are Muni Bonds Safe ?
Insight on California 's crisis , with CNBC's Jane Wells ; Steve Moore , WSJ ; and CNBC's Larry Kudlow .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Diebold Inc. said Thursday it has sold its voting machine business to Election Systems & Software , Inc. , in a deal that could result in a $ 55 million loss for the ATM maker .
Premier Election Solutions , Inc. , the subsidiary that makes up the bulk of Diebold 's voting machine business , will be sold to ES&S for $ 5 million plus payments representing 70 % of any cash collected on Premier 's outstanding accounts receivable as of Aug. 31 .
Diebold said it expects to suffer a pre-tax loss in the range of $ 45 million to $ 55 million related to the sale .
The North Canton , Ohio - based company entered the election systems business in 2002 , when it purchased Global Election Systems , Inc .
But it began looking for " strategic alternatives to ownership " for that business in 2006 .
In 2007 , Global Election Systems was renamed Premier and was made a subsidiary .
Since that time , Diebold said it had only a financial interest in Premier and was not involved in its operations .
Electronic voting machines , which were pushed by local governments ahead of the 2000 election , have come under criticism for security concerns .
Gil Luria , an analyst who covers Diebold for Wedbush Morgan Securities , said the sale is " a very good thing " for the company .
" It removes a big distraction and a public relations challenge they 've had over the last few years , " Luria said , adding that Premier had been losing money for Diebold in recent years .
Diebold said Premier generated $ 88.2 million , or 2.8 % , of its total revenue in 2008 .
Luria said the charges related to the sale were not surprising and were mostly related to accounting issues and existing law suits .
Aldo Tesi , chief executive of ES&S , said in a statement that the company is committed to " maintaining voter confidence . "
The acquisition will create a more efficient and effective operating model , ES&S said , which will provide a " sustainable delivery platform for the election industry in the future . "
Diebold also operates a Brazilian subsidiary that makes voting machines for that country 's elections .
That subsidiary , Tribunal Superior Eleitoral , will not be affected by Thursday 's transaction .
Shares of Diebold ( DBD ) were about 2 % higher in extended trading after closing at $ 30.03 in New York .
Administering alcohol may form part of the emergency care A dose of alcohol may be a good treatment for people with head injuries , emergency doctors suggest .
Their basis for this is the discovery that people appear less likely to die following brain trauma if they have alcohol in their bloodstream .
It could be that alcohol dampens the body 's inflammatory response to injury , the US team told Archives of Surgery .
But they stressed that alcohol can cause medical complications and is contributory to many accidents .
Experts cautioned people should not interpret the findings as an excuse to drink more alcohol .
The finding of reduced mortality in traumatic brain injury patients with pre-injury ethanol raises the intriguing possibility that administering ethanol to patients with brain injuries may improve outcome
The study authors
The amount of alcohol consumed appears to be important - too little and there is no effect , too much and the beneficial effects are lost , studies on animals suggest .
Experts believe the right dose of alcohol , however , stops the cascade of swelling , inflammation and further destruction of brain cells , known as secondary brain injury .
The latest work , based on more than 38,000 moderate - to - severe head trauma patients , is the largest yet to look at the effects of alcohol on brain injury survival .
Like past research , Dr Ali Salim and his colleagues from the Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , in Los Angeles , found head injury patients who had drunk were significantly less likely to die than those who had not had any alcohol .
They also tended to be younger and have less severe injuries .
Balancing risks
On the flip side , patients with alcohol in their bloodstream were more likely to experience medical complications during their hospital stay .
Nonetheless , the researchers said : " The finding of reduced mortality in traumatic brain injury patients with pre-injury ethanol raises the intriguing possibility that administering ethanol to patients with brain injuries may improve outcome .
Despite the intriguing findings the message must be the same - if you wish to avoid a brain injury , use alcohol with care and moderation
Professor Michael Oddy
Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust " Additional research is warranted to investigate reasons for this association and the potential therapeutic implications . "
Dr John Heyworth , president of the College of Emergency Medicine , said : " This is a long way from thinking about giving alcohol to patients in A&E .
But if , in the future , the science and evidence proves that it would be beneficial , we would consider it . "
Professor Michael Oddy , of the Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust , said : " Despite the intriguing findings the message must be the same - if you wish to avoid a brain injury , use alcohol with care and moderation . "
Alcohol Concern chief executive Don Shenker said : " The fact is , being drunk increases your chances of getting into an accident in the first place .
When judgement 's impaired , we can put ourselves at risk . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A British soldier serving in Iraq died after a hospital transplant gave him a pair of lungs donated by a heavy smoker , a coroner has heard .
Corporal Matthew Millington , 31 , of the Queen 's Royal Lancers , was stationed in Iraq in 2005 when he was diagnosed with an incurable condition which left him unable to breathe ; he was told that he would die unless he had a lung transplant .
He had double transplant surgery in April 2007 at Papworth hospital , in Cambridge , but less than a year later doctors found a tumour in the new lungs and , despite radiotherapy , Millington died in February 2008 .
Analysis revealed he had been given the lungs of a donor who smoked 30 to 50 roll - up cigarettes a day .
Immuno - suppressive drugs prescribed at Papworth to help Millington 's body accept the lungs in fact sped up the growth of the cancer .
Siobhan Millington , his wife , told an inquest held last week that soon after the operations her husband said " his lungs felt like two deflated balloons " .
North Staffordshire coroner Ian Smith recorded that Millington , from Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire , had died of " complications of transplant surgery and immuno - suppressive drug treatment " .
A spokeswoman for Papworth , the UK's leading cardiothoracic hospital , said that it was not unusual to use smokers ' lungs , adding that all organs are " screened rigorously " before a transplant .
" We have a strong record of high quality outcomes and this is an extremely rare case . "
In the past year there were 146 lung transplants in the UK , and 84 people died while waiting on the transplant list , she added .
" If we had a policy saying we did not use the lungs of those who smoked , then the number of lung transplants would have been significantly lower . "
Millington 's father , Lester , 64 , told the Stoke Sentinel that he did not harbour any resentment over his treatment .
" The hospital did everything OK .
There were some things they said they would tighten up on , but they did n't do anything wrong .
" It turns out that 51 % of all organs for transplants originate from smokers , which we did n't know at the time .
Whether a person smokes or not , though , does n't really come into the equation .
It 's all about whether the lungs inflate or not .
" We wish he could have lived longer , but we 've got nothing to say against the hospital .
They were as devastated as we were when they found out Matthew had an inoperable tumour . "
He paid tribute to his soldier son : " He would try his hand at anything , and we were all so proud of him . "
J. Randolph Ingram II
Welcome to the J. Randolph Ingram II website .
Please let us know how we can be of service to you .
Free care by Dr. Oz draws 2,000 to Reliant Dr. Oz reaches out to Houston 's uninsured
2,000 turn out to Houston clinic hosted by TV physician for free exams and minor procedures they ’ve gone without
Elayne Hutchens , 47 , of Bear Creek , thanks ﻿
Dr. Mehmet Oz on Saturday .
Hutchens has trouble with her liver , heart and pancreas .
“ I need a miracle .
I do n't know if I 'll make it to 50 , ” she said .
﻿ less Elayne Hutchens , 47 , of Bear Creek , thanks ﻿
Dr. Mehmet Oz on Saturday .
Hutchens has trouble with her liver , heart and pancreas .
“ I need a miracle .
I do n't know if I 'll make it to 50 , ” she ... more Photo : Julio Cortez , Chronicle Photo : Julio Cortez , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Free care by Dr. Oz draws 2,000 to Reliant 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
With her sweatpants pockets bulging with medicine bottles , a towering 35 - year - old heart patient waited eagerly outside the Reliant Center .
Margo Graham , who had triple bypass surgery four years ago , was among the uninsured Houstonians to arrive before dawn Saturday seeking help at one of the largest free health care events of its kind in the United States .
Insurance with her new job as a basketball coach at The Village School does n't start until Nov. 1 , forcing her to try to stretch her prescriptions for blood thinners , cholesterol medicine and blood pressure pills .
“ I 'm just grateful that I have this opportunity , ” said Graham , a former WNBA player who was hoping to get a prescription at the clinic that would last until her insurance kicks in .
Nearly 2,000 people turned out Saturday for the free checkups , medical tests and minor procedures performed by 700 volunteers at the event hosted by television physician Dr. Mehmet Oz and the National Association of Free Clinics .
Scenes from the clinic will be used in an October episode of The Dr. Oz Show .
Inside Reliant Center , patients received care near two recreational vehicles converted to mobile emergency rooms .
Behind the RVs , metal pipes and blue cloth provided makeshift exam rooms .
Dashing around in dark - blue scrubs ,
Oz said he hopes patients leave with a sense that someone cares about the uninsured and the knowledge that there are places to go for free health care .
Oz called the more than 40 million uninsured Americans “ a national catastrophe … but one that we can engage and actually embrace and probably overcome . ”
Texas has the nation 's highest uninsured rate .
One in every three Harris County adults lacks health insurance .
More than 4 million Americans receive care from the nation 's free clinics .
“ Part of the goal today is to make it clear that there are Americans here who will help those who need the help , ” Oz said .
“ There are ways of supporting those who do not have health care coverage .
We need to create a system where all of us can be part of it . ”
The cardiac surgeon , who gained popularity as a regular guest on The Oprah Winfrey Show , thanked the hundreds of medical personnel who donated their time .
“ We 're not going to cure all 2,000 people who have come today , but we are going to be able to provide continuity of care for everybody who comes here … so they can access clinics near them , ” Oz said .
Barriers to health care
Patients told stories of their barriers to health care : insurance loss after layoffs ; premiums that became too high to pay ; and being underinsured — having coverage , but not enough money to pay deductibles and co-payments .
Karen Coney was the first patient , arriving in the dark just before 5 a.m .
The Missouri City mother of seven has five minor children at home — all of whom have asthma .
“ I wanted to make sure that I was first in line .
I 'm a single mom , and I have a lot to do today , ” said Coney , 47 , a Houston ISD substitute teacher who canceled her health insurance because she could n't afford the premiums .
She 's having colon problems and has n't had an exam in a year .
“ I knew I needed to see the doctor , and I did n't know where to go , ” she said .
“ It 's an answer to prayer . ”
Elayne Hutchens brought a typed letter to Oz about her years of serious health problems , including a heart attack .
The 47 - year - old 's liver has caused her belly to swell large enough to prompt pregnancy inquiries .
She also has heart and pancreas trouble .
“ I need a miracle .
I do n't know if I 'll make it to 50 , ” Hutchens said .
A technician performed an EKG , and Oz listened to her heart .
“ Elayne was a good example of someone who had been around the health care system , ” Oz said .
“ She 's lucky in some ways because she 's been able to get help from some good doctors , but she 's got a complicated story , and she 's just seeking help . ”
He also took a look at Coney .
“ She 's working , ” Oz said .
“ Although her kids are covered through a state assistance program , she does n't get coverage .
And she 's got health problems — big health problems that need to be addressed . ”
A close call
A man who arrived later in the day , Anthony DeLane , was whisked away by ambulance to Ben Taub General Hospital .
A diabetic ulcer on his foot was so infected that it had opened up and exposed bone , said Dr. G. Bobby Kapur , a Taub emergency physician and Baylor College of Medicine professor .
Without quick care , the infection could have spread into his bloodstream or his leg .
“ If we do n't get to it fast , instead of losing a toe , he may lose a foot or a whole leg , ” said Kapur , one of the medical directors of Saturday 's clinic .
“ He had not been able to get care for five years because he does n't have insurance .
He 's self - employed . ”
Fourteen - month - old Analeigha Rivera turned out to be one of Oz 's youngest patients .
Mother Victoria Rivera learned that her baby has a potentially life - threatening heart murmur .
“ Dr . Oz said that where her hole is at , it can cause heart failure and cause her lungs to harden up .
It could cause her to stop breathing , ” said Rivera , 25 , of Freeport , who brought all five of her children for checkups .
“ Her Medicaid was dropped when she turned 1 . …
We 're looking for a clinic around who will take her . ”
Ron Cookston , executive director of Gateway to Care , said he spoke to an alarming number of middle - class people who do n't know how to navigate the free and reduced - cost health care system .
“ The most important thing is for people to have a place where they go to the doctor on a regular basis that is not an emergency room , ” Cookston said .
“ We 've seen people from Chambers , Liberty and Galveston .
People have come from a long distance . ”
cindy.george@chron.com
Efforts to extend a state - backed auto insurance program for low - income Californians failed after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed a bill that would have kept it going until 2016 .
State law requires all drivers to carry minumum levels of liability insurance , and the low - income policy provides affordable coverage to motorists over the age of 19 with good driving records .
The current program is scheduled to expire on Jan. 1 , 2011 .
Schwarzenegger said he vetoed a bill by Assemblyman Dave Jones ( D - Sacramento ) because " the effectiveness of the program is questionable given the number of policies in effect and low participation rate amongst the insured . "
The governor suggested for Jones and the bill 's sponsor , California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner , to send him a refined proposal next year .
Consumer advocates argued that the low - cost insurance program has been effective and criticized the governor for his veto .
" This veto is out of touch with the real economy that many Californians are facing , " said Douglas Heller , executive director of the Santa Monica - based Consumer Watchdog .
" Why should a program that has allowed nearly 50,000 Californians to buy auto insurance instead of driving uninsured and does n't cost the taxpayers a dime be on the governor 's chopping block ? "
-- Marc Lifsher
Rejoice !
Reports are coming in that the cast of Futurama is returning !
The Star is reporting that the cast has signed new deals with 20th Century Fox already .
All of this comes hot on the heels of some nail - biting salary negotiations and a " no show " for the voice cast during the San Diego Comic - Con panel last weekend .
We contacted 20th Century Fox this afternoon for confirmation on the stories coming in and while it seems
The Star might have been a bit premature saying the deals are done , what we hear is also very optimistic .
20th informed us that voice actor Maurice LaMarche ( " Kif Kroker " / Additional Voices ) posted that he would be returning on his Facebook page , and that deals with the rest of the cast are imminent and will hopefully be finalized by the end of the day .
At Comic - Con this past weekend , IGN TV spoke to John DiMaggio ( " Bender " ) about the situation and he told us he was hopeful a deal would be made .
Luckily , it looks like his hopes – and the fans – have paid off . :
According to sources at 20th Century Fox , Billy West and John DiMaggio have not yet signed , but are close .
However , Katey Sagal , Maurice LaMarche and Tress MacNeille are reportedly confirmed to have signed .
And now we 're completely in the clear !
We just got this word from 20th Century Fox : " Just wanted you to know that we now have deals with the entire Futurama voice cast to return : John DiMaggio , Maurice LaMarche , Billy West , Tress MacNeille and Katey Sagal . " Futurama creators Matt Groening and David X. Cohen released this statement : " We are thrilled to have our incredible cast back .
The call has already gone out to the animators to put the mouths back on the characters .
" Who wants to bet there is at least one reference to all of this madness in an upcoming episode ?
Now that we 're all basking in Futurama happiness , Click Here and reminisce with IGN 's list of the Top 25 Futurama Episodes
About 3 weeks ago this squirrel fell out of the neighbor ’s tree .
Actually he was one of 4 squirrels that fell and the only survivor .
I ’ve been feeding him dog milk and he ’s just beginning to eat peanuts and peaches .
I ’ve built him a squirrel house out of 2 hanging baskets .
I ’m not sure what I ’m eventually going to do with him as he grows up .
I rescued him again last night from the jaws of a cat .
So I ’m definitely his hero today .
His name is Ganesha after the Hindu elephant god .
I want him to have an important name .
My complete collection of pictures can be found here .
The elders once said time is a living , breathing thing .
Powerful , beautiful , oftentimes cruel .
It can humble the strongest army , shape mountains to its will , and turn entire oceans to dust .
Playing the first sections of our preview disc of Ratchet and Clank Future : A Crack in Time , it was easy to become somewhat jaded .
The platforming is , of course , wonderful .
The graphics are attractive .
The writing is well above average .
We 've long known that Insomniac knows how to create a strong 3D platformer , and for an hour or so , this feels like more of the same .
The same is very , very good , mind you .
But we 've seen it before .
Then Clank , the robot sidekick , enters his own head , and the above - average takes a turn for the incredible .
In this short section inside the robot 's brain — do n't worry , it makes sense in terms of the story — we 're introduced to the new facets of the game .
You 're given a weapon called the Chronosceptor , which allows you to whack broken objects back into working order — you actually move them backwards in time to before they were destroyed .
You 're also given a kind of throwable bomb that slows time , allowing you to manipulate your surroundings and move forward .
The graphical style of the robot's psyche is utterly mesmerizing , and the time - based mechanics add a much - needed layer of complexity to the title .
Even better are the time pads .
You stand on one and " record " your actions in time .
Then you stand on the other and interact with your past self going through its actions .
In the simplest puzzles you stand on a pressure - sensitive switch for yourself so you can walk through a door .
In the more intricate puzzles you have to record sections of your performances multiple times in a type of choreographed dance to get to where you 're going , often using the time explosives in multiple ways .
It 's a game mechanic that 's hard to describe in words , and wrapping your head around it inside the game is n't much easier when it 's first described with an example or two .
You have to play with it and bend time to your will before you see just how ingenious the whole thing is .
The puzzles begin simply and grow harder as the game moves on .
The use of time is done very well and elevates what we 've played of the game from another platforming experience to something truly special .
The core game likewise remains brilliant
The later Clank sections in the preview are amazing , but the sections where you play as Ratchet do n't disappoint either .
The game 's story continues from Tools of Destruction , and uses the game 's characters very well .
It 's hard to praise the game 's story and writing without ruining it for you , but the game will often put a smile on your face .
Ratchet and Clank is known for its guns , and this game is no different .
A creature that emits a powerful scream that destroys enemies ?
Check .
A little man that flies around you , harassing anyone that gets in your way ?
Yup .
Everything you love about past titles is here , and this game simply looks great , from the backgrounds to the animations to the enemies .
A few dizzying sections climbing along a space ship 's walls and ceilings reminded me of sections from both Prey and Dead Space , but it still felt fresh .
This is a development house that knows how to respectfully borrow , while putting its own spin on things .
The other new addition is the use of a hub world — or should we say hub space .
You fly around in your space ship on a 2D plane , fighting enemies and exploring your immediate surroundings .
You can warp from sector to sector , and even land on the small planets and explore the small spheres , which feels almost like Super Mario Galaxy .
These sections are thankfully brief , but provide a nice respite from the platforming action with some light shooting elements .
From what we 've seen , the game knows where it has come from , while keeping a steady and calm eye on where it 's going .
Rock solid controls and platforming action , mixed with an innovative and interesting time mechanic , makes this more than just another sequel .
The history of the characters and strength of the writing are simply icing on the cake .
This looks to be a must - have title for the PlayStation 3 .
Ratchet and Clank : A Crack in Time comes exclusively to the PS3 on October 27 .
So today , I want to ask you , what ’s your contribution going to be ?
What problems are you going to solve ?
What discoveries will you make ?
What will a president who comes here in twenty or fifty or one hundred years say about what all of you did for this country ?
The paternalistic " what your country can do for you " implies that government is the patron , the citizen the ward , a view that is at odds with the free man 's belief in his own responsibility for his own destiny .
The organismic , ' what you can do for your country ' implies that government is the master or the deity , the citizen , the servant or the votary .
To the free man , the country is the collection of individuals who compose it , not something over and above them .
He is proud of a common heritage and loyal to common traditions .
But he regards government as a means , an instrumentality , neither a grantor of favors , and gifts , nor a master or god to be blindly worshipped and served .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
Three men were indicted on Monday for allegedly stealing more than 130 million credit and debit card numbers in what U.S. authorities said they believe is the largest hacking and identity theft case ever prosecuted .
A cashier holding a credit card in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
Albert Gonzalez , a former government informant already in jail in connection with hacking cases , and two unnamed Russians were indicted on charges related to five corporate data breaches from 2006 to 2008 .
Card numbers were stolen in those breaches from credit - card processor Heartland Payment Systems and retail chains 7 - Eleven Inc and Hannaford Brothers Co , prosecutors said .
The men targeted two other corporations , the U.S. attorney ’s office in New Jersey said in the statement , without naming those companies .
Heartland Payment Systems and Hannaford Brothers had previously and separately acknowledged the breaches , but the scope of the fraud had not been known .
Authorities also for the first time tied those cases to Gonzalez , who was arrested last year on suspicion of hacking into a restaurant chain ’s payment system .
Attorneys for Gonzalez were not available for comment .
Prosecutors said Gonzalez and the Russians , identified as “ Hacker 1 ” and “ Hacker 2 ” , targeted large corporations by scanning the list of Fortune 500 companies and exploring corporate websites before setting out to identify
vulnerabilities .
A year ago , Gonzalez was indicted along with 10 others from five countries on accusations of stealing 41 million credit and debit card numbers from major retailers , including TJX Cos Inc , owner of the TJ Maxx and Marshall ’s retail chains .
Prosecutors said that ring caused more than $ 400 million in damages .
Prosecutors said Gonzalez and the other two men used numerous techniques to penetrate the computer systems .
Gonzalez was being held in a Brooklyn jail .
Prosecutors would not comment on the whereabouts of the two Russians .
All three were charged with conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to computers , to commit fraud in connection with computers and to damage computers , and conspiracy to commit wire fraud .
Each faces up to 35 years in prison and large fines if convicted .
Prosecutors said in the statement that the suspects would seek to sell the data to others who would use it to make fraudulent purchases .
They cited one example in which they said the suspects went to retail locations to identify the type of checkout machines , and after further investigation into the computer systems they uploaded information onto servers that worked as hacking platforms .
“ These servers , located in New Jersey and around the world , were used by the co-conspirators to store information critical to the hacking schemes and subsequently to launch the hacking attacks , ” prosecutors said .
Heartland , based in Princeton , New Jersey , calls itself the fifth largest payments processor in the United States .
Representatives from Heartland and 7 - Eleven were not available for comment .
Hannaford Brothers referred questions to federal authorities .
President Obama hit ABC ’s “ This Week ” on Sunday as part of his Talk Tour 2009 .
Host George Stephanopoulos actually had the nerve to challenge the President .
No , seriously , he did .
Stephanopoulos took the obvious position that a mandate forcing individuals to obtain health insurance coverage is a tax .
Stephanopoulos :
That may be , but it ’s still a tax increase .
Obama : No .
That ’s not true , George .
The… ?
for us to say that you ’ve got to take a responsibility to get health insurance is absolutely not a tax increase .
What it ’s saying is , is that we ’re not going to have other people carrying your burdens for you anymore than the fact that … right now everybody in America , just about , has to get auto insurance .
Nobody considers that a tax increase .
People say to themselves , that is a fair way to make sure that if you hit my car , that I ’m not covering all the costs .
Stephanopoulos :
But it may be fair , it may be good public policy …
Obama :
No , but … but , George , you … you ca n’t just make up that language and decide that that ’s called a tax increase .
Any …
Stephanopoulos :
Here ’s the …
Obama : What … what … if I … if I say that right now your premiums are going to be going up by 5 or 8 or 10 percent next year and you say … well , that ’s not a tax increase ; but , on the other hand , if I say that I do n’t want to have to pay for you not carrying coverage even after I give you tax credits that make it affordable , then …
Stephanopoulos : I… I do n’t think I ’m making it up .
Merriam Webster ’s Dictionary : Tax … ” a charge , usually of money , imposed by authority on persons or property for public purposes . ”
Obama : George , the fact that you looked up Merriam ’s Dictionary , the… definition of tax increase , indicates to me that you ’re stretching a little bit right now .
Otherwise , you would n’t have gone to the… dictionary to check on the definition .
I mean what …
Stephanopoulos :
Well , no , but …
Obama : … what you ’re saying is …
Stephanopoulos : I wanted to check for myself .
But your critics say it is a tax increase .
Obama :
My critics say everything is a tax increase .
My critics say that I ’m taking over every sector of the economy .
You know that .
Russia Today
Friday , Sept 25th , 2009
Violent protests hit the streets of Pittsburgh , where the G20 summit kicked off .
Police used tear gas , stun grenades , rubber bullets and even ultra-sound machines to disperse the angry crowd of mainly anti-globalism protesters .
Farm real - estate values fell for the first time in more than 20 years , according to government statistics released Tuesday .
The U.S. Agriculture Department said in its annual report that the value of all land and buildings on U.S. farms averaged $ 2,100 an acre Jan. 1 , down 3.2 % from last year .
The decline in farm real - estate values was the first since 1987 , the agency said .
Farm ...
Crash Course delivers new single - player , multiplayer and co-operative gameplay and bridges the storyline between theandcampaigns in the original game .
To celebrate , we are offering Left 4 Dead at 50 % off for 3 days .
Or share the fun - get the Left 4 Dead Four Pack and give the game to your friends .
While containing both Survival maps and a Co-operative Campaign , the primary goal of Crash Course is to deliver a complete Versus mode experience in just 30 minutes , resulting in a streamlined version of the game 's existing Versus campaigns .
Learn more about the free , all - new free Crash Course DLC on the Left 4 Dead Blog
Home Made Submarine
Tao Xiangli , a 34 - year - old amateur inventor from China , spent two years building a fully - functional homemade submarine .
Tao is not the first person to build a homemade submarine , but that does n’t make his achievement any less impressive .
Especially since he did it using oil barrels and tools purchased from a second - hand market .
After two years of hard work and testing , on September 3 , young Tao Xiangli presented his invention to the world and took it for a test dive in a lake just outside Beijing .
His homemade submarine features a periscope , electric motors , a manometer , two propellers , depth - control tanks and it only cost $ 4,385 to make .
Photos by Reuters
source : here
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Call it d\xe9 j\xe0 vu .
Despite reforms intended to make it harder to file for bankruptcy , consumer filings continue to march steadily higher toward the rate they were before legislation was overhauled in 2005 .
For the first nine months of the year , individual bankruptcy filings totaled 1.07 million , according to U.S. Bankruptcy Court statistics compiled by Automated Access to Court Electronic Records .
BANKRUPTCIES REMAIN
ON THE RISE A 2005 federal law that made bankruptcy more difficult slowed filings only temporarily .
This map shows a bankruptcy time line — the 2005 tsunami of filings just before the law took effect , the falloff right after and the resurgence since .
That puts them on pace to reach more than 1.4 million for the year , predicts Robert Lawless , a professor of law at the University of Illinois College of Law in Urbana - Champaign .
He sees it as a “ return to the ‘ natural level ’ of bankruptcy filing rates in this country . ”
The current economic climate does n’t help .
While the unemployment rate climbed to 9.8 percent in September , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , consumer credit has tightened .
It ’s not unusual for consumers to see their credit card limits cut and fewer new credit card offers turning up in their mailboxes .
“ When people can no longer borrow on their credit cards to stave of the day of reckoning , they end up in bankruptcy court , ” Lawless says .
Between July and September , more than 5,900 bankruptcy petitions were filed each day in courts across the nation , AACER statistics show .
They peaked at more than 6,000 per day in May , and have edged down only slightly since that time .
‘ Nowhere to turn ’
Maureen Thompson , legislative director of the Washington , D.C. - based National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys , says until factors such as high unemployment rates and burdensome medical bills are addressed , “ you ’re not going to see any real drop in the number of people filing for bankruptcy .
People carry a lot of debt , and they have nowhere to turn right now . ”
When the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 was approved , the notion was “ there was widespread gaming of the system , ” Thompson says .
But she argues that was n’t the case .
“ In our experience people try to pay their bills just as long as they can , ” but when they face foreclosure , have their wages garnished or have liens placed on their bank accounts , then they ’ll turn to bankruptcy courts , she says .
In anticipation of the 2005 law , which required higher filing fees , a means test for eligibility , counseling programs , and an eight - year moratorium before filing again , consumers flocked to file before the law took effect , pushing bankruptcy filings to about 2 million in 2005 .
( See interactive bankruptcy time line to watch filings unfold over time , state by state . )
The numbers dropped afterward , but have climbed ever since .
Our big fear is it potentially can get worse before it gets better .
Since then , the numbers have soared back up again , and figures for the first nine months of 2009 are nearly one - third higher than they were for the same period in 2008 , according to AACER .
As might be expected , California and Florida were at the head of the pack in total number of bankruptcy filings .
In California , more than 150,000 consumers filed for bankruptcy during the first nine months of the year , and in Florida that number topped 70,000 .
Filings surpassed 50,000 in Georgia , Illinois , Michigan and Ohio .
On a per-capita basis , Nevada stayed in the lead , followed by Tennessee and Georgia .
Nevada had 11.24 bankruptcy filings for every 1,000 people , far outpacing any other state .
Nevada also saw the greatest increase in per-capital bankruptcy filings from 2008 to 2009 .
The American Bankruptcy Institute predicts that consumer filings will total 1.4 million this year , while Lawless estimates they ’ll reach 1.45 million .
No quick improvement seen
Thompson does n’t expect things to improve any time soon , particularly as long as unemployment remains high .
Many expect the unemployment rate to hit 10 percent by year ’s end .
“ Unemployment is a driving force , ” and like bankruptcy is a lagging economic indicator .
At the same time , many option adjustable rate - mortgages are scheduled to reset , which could force more homeowners into foreclosure , Thompson says .
“ Our big fear is it potentially can get worse before it gets better . ”
While Lawless does n’t anticipate any major changes in the near term , “ with consumer credit contracting , we may see a decrease in bankruptcy filing rates maybe three to five years out , but if there ’s a decline it wo n’t be dramatic . ”
See related : Bankruptcy filings , 2005 - 2009 , state by state , State bankruptcy rankings : Nevada tops list , Consumer credit tightens yet again , 2 in 5 cardholders get whacked by their card issuers and Credit card mail offers level off after steep decline
Introduction to Statistical Thought
Introduction to Statistical
Thought grew out of my teaching graduate and undergraduate statistics courses for many years , and from my experience as a statistical consultant and collaborator .
I wanted to write a text that
explains how statisticians think about data ,
introduces modern statistical computing , and
has lots of real examples .
The book is intended as an upper level undergraduate or introductory graduate textbook in statistical thinking with a likelihood emphasis for students with a good knowledge of calculus and the ability to think abstractly .
" Statistical thinking " means a focus on ideas that statisticians care about as opposed to technical details of how to put those ideas into practice .
The book does contain technical details , but they are not the focus .
" Likelihood emphasis " means that the likelihood function and likelihood principle are unifying ideas throughout the text .
Another unusual aspect is the use of statistical software as a pedagogical tool .
That is , instead of viewing the computer merely as a convenient and accurate calculating device , the book uses computer calculation and simulation as another way of explaining and helping readers understand the underlying concepts .
The book is written with the statistical language R embedded throughout .
R and accompanying manuals are available for free download from http://www.r-project.org.
Here is a copy of a book review from JASA , December , 2006 .
Introduction to Statistical
Thought is not finished , and probably never will be , but is sufficiently complete to be used as a course text by knowledgable instructors .
Material will be added and corrections will be made .
Let me know your suggestions and any errors you find .
And please let me hear about your experience reading the book or using it as a text .
Introduction to Statistical Thought is available for free download .
Because it is not handled by a commercial publisher , it will not be advertised as most commercial texts are .
Therefore it must rely on word of mouth .
If you like it , please let others know .
If you do n't like it , please let me know , especially if you can say why .
I do n't promise to adopt your suggestions but I do promise to take them seriously .
Downloads :
Download a PDF
Download data
USER CONTRIBUTIONS
Are you able to contribute an example , an exercise , solutions , new data sets , new material , anything else ?
Email me , and I may be able to add it to this site , with proper attribution , of course .
A reader , luism dot guirola at gmail dot com writes , " ... the book is very comprehensive and covers a considerable amount of material .
...
Since there is a massive amount of statistics contained in it , going through the whole material may be an unattainable goal for those who , like me , are time - constrained or not interested in every single chapter .
Some guidance in the form of a How to use this book section would probably improve the text to make easier to build selective courses from it .
...
Another possible avenue for improvement would be a bibliographical essay at the end of the book .
... a pair of pages to situate the material of the book between where you should be coming from ( what you are assumed to know and where to find guidance to catch up ) and where to go from here ( further reading ) would help . "
If any readers would like to write the guides that Luis suggests , or collaborate with him in writing them , I would be happy to add them to the book 's website .
Introduction to Statistical Thought by Michael Lavine is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 United States License .
The World From Berlin ' The Day Afghanistan Was Lost '
This week EU observers announced that at least a quarter of the votes cast in Afghanistan 's presidential election were suspect .
Just like the incumbent Afghan president , German commentators are seeking solutions .
But they are also filled with foreboding about the troubled nation 's future .
“ Always be prepared ! ” That ’s the Boy Scout motto .
Most people keep their tools at home .
But if you are n’t at home , you probably drove your car to get to wherever you are .
Here are 22 useful tools you should keep in your car .
While I ’m sure this list could be expanded , these 22 tools are the tools I keep in my car .
And each of them has served me well over the years , saving me lots of frustration in my moments of need .
MELBOURNE'S population has reached 4 million and Australia 's is surging towards 22 million , according to new figures that have sparked fresh debate about the impact of record migration .
The Bureau of Statistics says Australia 's annual net migration soared in the first three months of this year to 278,000 - up from just 100,000 five years ago .
Annual population growth was estimated at 439,000 , almost double the level of five years ago .
When the bureau 's conservative methodology is taken into account , real annual population growth could be closer to 500,000 .
At that rate , the nation may be only days away from reaching 22 million people - and Melbourne has probably passed 4 million already .
Victoria 's population jumped 112,000 in the year to March .
Assuming Melbourne has kept its share , the city is expanding by an unprecedented 90,000 people a year , or more than 1700 a week .
If you ever watch television shows like Nancy Grace and Issues with Jane Velez - Mitchell , you have probably seen Pat Brown and numerous other experts commenting on sensational cases like the recent shocking murder here in Los Angeles by former reality star Ryan Jenkins of his ex-wife , model Jasmine Fiore , after which he hanged himself in a Canadian hotel room .
And you may have noticed that , especially for profiler Pat Brown , almost all violent offenders seem to be " psychopaths . "
Ms. Brown , who , so far as I know is not a mental health professional , is certainly not the only one guilty of such diagnostic overgeneralization :
Guest panels commonly include clinical psychologists and psychiatrists making similar proclamations .
But seasoned psychologists know that it is dangerous to leap to such diagnostic conclusions prior to evaluating the criminal defendant and reviewing all the facts in such cases .
For example , do Ryan Jenkins ' gruesome efforts to conceal his murdered victim's by removing both her teeth and fingers and then stuffing her into a suitcase , or Chris Coleman 's apparently premeditated slaughter of his wife and two children while they slept ( see my previous post ) , or Casey Anthony 's alleged killing of her own daughter ( see my prior posts ) necessarily make them psychopaths ?
Possibly .
But it seems that for some of these commentators , the facile label of " psychopath " can be pejoratively pinned onto just about any bad behavior -- especially when it involves extreme violence , such as the recent shootings of random women at a fitness club in Pittsburgh ( see my previous post . )
Meanwhile , did you know that the American Association 's official diagnostic manual ( - IV - TR ) does not even consider " psychopathy " a legitimate formal psychiatric diagnosis ?
The term psychopath has been kicking around since the nineteenth - century , but was popularized by psychiatrist Hervey Cleckley in his 1941 classic The Mask of Sanity : An Attempt to Clarify Some Issues About the So - Called .
For Dr. Cleckley , the psychopathic personality was initially defined by a relatively high - functioning , aggressively , persona concealing an antisocial and latent core .
Whether most psychopaths are truly psychotic beneath their , charming , manipulative mask is dubious , as Cleckley later recognized , though some may in fact , like severe borderline , paranoid or personalities , be compensated psychotics .
Someone like Charles Manson ( see my prior posts ) may exemplify this semi-psychotic type .
Based on Cleckely 's conceptualization , psychologist Robert Hare developed the Psychopathy Check List ( PCL - R ) , designed to be administered by a trained mental health professional to detect and measure the presence of psychopathy .
The term " psychopath " was replaced at some point in psychiatry by " sociopath , " in part to try to lessen its social stigma .
The World Health Organization refers diagnostically to such individuals as suffering from Dissocial Personality Disorder .
But the DSM - IV - TR , the most widely accepted and utilized psychiatric diagnostic system today , employs neither of these three terms , preferring deliberately instead to dub this troublesome syndrome Disorder .
So any time you hear the terms psychopath , sociopath , asocial , amoral or dissocial personality , the appropriate corresponding DSM diagnosis may ( or may not ) be Antisocial Personality Disorder .
The diagnosis of Antisocial Personality Disorder focuses primarily on observable or documented long - standing patterns of behavior such as disregard for social norms , , impulsivity , irresponsibility , recklessness , cruelty , violence , law - breaking , lack of or remorse , etc. Psychopathy or Dissocial Personality Disorder emphasize somewhat more subjective , qualitative and inferred traits like lack of caring or , easily formed but superficial interpersonal attachments , low tolerance for frustration , chronically irritable mood , absence of , failure to learn from negative consequences , and defensive of blame onto others .
Hare 's PCL - R test looks for specific characteristics such as glibness or charm , narcissistic grandiosity , need for constant stimulation , shallow affect , parasitic lifestyle , sexual promiscuity , multiple brief marriages , and extreme manipulativeness or deceitfulness .
Antisocial Personality Disorder incorporates most of these symptoms and traits into its diagnostic criteria .
One major difference , however , is that the DSM - IV - TR requires the presence of antisocial behavior in the form of what it calls ( a pattern of destructive , aggressive , deceitful , cruel and socially defiant behavior seen as a prelude to APD in and / or ) with onset before the age of fifteen , and that the person receiving this diagnosis be at least eighteen years of age .
ICD - 10 , the international diagnostic system of the World Health Organization , acknowledges a prior history of Conduct Disorder as being common , but not invariably so , and therefore not requisite to make the diagnosis of Dissocial Personality Disorder .
As we have seen in certain recent cases like that of the " Craig 's List Killer " ( see my prior posting ) , it may be that some individuals are particularly skilled at masking their and at cleverly evading detection -- at least up to a point -- and present no clear history of Conduct Disorder during childhood or adolescence .
But I would argue that even in such unusual cases , antisocial behavior does not spring fully formed from the head of Zeus .
And , if it does , it may be due to something other than psychopathy .
The specific diagnostic criteria set forth by DSM - IV - TR make it clear that psychopathy , sociopathy , dissocial or antisocial personality disorder cannot and should not ever be diagnosed in a vacuum on the basis of a violent without having concrete evidence of there being a " pervasive pattern of disregard for and violation of the rights of others occurring since age 15 years . "
When conducting forensic evaluations of violent offenders , gathering such behavioral history is prerequisite to making a diagnosis of Antisocial Personality Disorder , as is making sure the defendant meets all the minimal diagnostic criteria for this severely stigmatizing mental disorder .
And yes , contrary to what certain expert commentators proclaim , Antisocial Personality Disorder -- by whatever name one uses -- is a real mental disorder , and a very severe , dangerous and debilitating one at that , as Cleckley himself insisted .
The knee - jerk reaction of calling all violent offenders " psychopaths " is inaccurate , irresponsible , misleading and unethical .
According to the Handbook of ( Forensic ) Psychology ( 2003 ) , " there are many ways that someone can be at high risk for violence that are unrelated to psychopathy .. . .
This is especially true , " it continues , in cases of " spousal assault , and , where violence may be related more to disturbances of normal processes rather than the pathological lack of attachment associated with psychopathy . "
Indeed , there are a multitude of mental disorders associated with violent behavior , including or dependence , , dissociative disorders , narcissistic and disorder , and psychotic disorders .
Violent behavior is multi-determined , and cannot be simplistically reduced to or conveniently explained away by glibly dismissing all such offenders as " psychopaths . "
In reality , the bulk of violent behavior is not engaged in by individuals meeting the current diagnostic criteria for Antisocial Personality Disorder .
Psychopathy is , in my view , just one of many disorders , though the majority of these disorders remain officially unrecognized .
( See , for example , my discussion in previous postings of the newly proposed diagnosis of Posttraumatic Embitterment Disorder , and on anger disorder in general . )
Equally irresponsible is the matter - of - fact assertion by some commentators that violent offenders , whom they view as psychopaths , can never be helped by .
The truth is that most reports of therapeutic failures with psychopaths tend to be anecdotal .
of any kind are notoriously difficult to treat briefly , requiring intensive , long - term by expert clinicians .
According to forensic psychologists James Hemphill and Stephen Hart ( 2003 ) , there have to date been no well - controlled and sophisticated studies of structured therapeutic treatment programs for psychopaths .
Part of the failure in rehabilitating such dangerous individuals has to do , in my view , with our inability as mental health professionals to recognize and treat psychopathy or APD as fundamentally an anger disorder .
( See my previous posts . )
These are , without exception , profoundly embittered , resentful , angry and narcissistically wounded individuals .
Violent antisocial offenders are mainly made , not born .
Future research on treating this population needs to focus on acknowledging their resentment and confronting the roots of their pathological rage against authority and society in general , teaching them to redirect some of this anger into more constructive activity .
Psychiatric diagnosis is a difficult and highly skilled process , requiring years of clinical training and experience , and should never be engaged in by anyone not formally educated and licensed to do so .
Still , when it comes right down to it , whether we view a violent offender as suffering from antisocial or dissocial personality disorder , sociopathy or psychopathy , what we are really doing is trying to make sense of evil by identifying and naming it .
But we cannot dismiss human evil simply by calling those who commit it some epithet such as " psychopath . "
Indeed , when used glibly and indiscriminately , the term " psychopath " is merely a means of avoiding or projecting the problem of evil and the inherent potentiality for evil in us all .
It would be a dangerous error to naively comfort ourselves with thinking that so - called psychopaths are the only ones among us capable of evil deeds .
Were the vast majority of German citizens perpetrating the Nazi holocaust all depraved psychopaths ?
How about the otherwise law - abiding , stable , responsible person who suddenly commits a violent crime of passion ?
Evil is an ever - present potentiality in each of us , given the right temptation , threats and circumstances .
" Psychopaths " are not the sole purveyors of evil .
But by better understanding the angry , resentful , bitter roots of psychopathy , we will be better prepared to deal with and reduce the pervasive and insidious problem of human destructiveness and violence .
Parts of this posting were derived from ( and are expanded upon in ) Dr. Diamond 's article " Violence as Secular Evil : Forensic Evaluation and Treatment of Violent Offenders from the Viewpoint of Existential Depth Psychology " ( 2003 ) , which was subsequently published in slightly revised form in the textbook Forensic Psychiatry : Influences of Evil ( 2005 ) .
Vlad Gerasimov · 17 July 2009
I stumbled upon this kind of map in souvenir shop in New Zealand .
I immediately fell in love with this idea !
Because I love maps ; and I love when things suddenly go upside down ; and I love when familiar things get unexpected look !
This artwork is designed with large printing in mind - it will look perfect as large poster !
On smaller screens , all details might look too little though .
I hope you will enjoy it !
As always , created in Photoshop , with Wacom .
Work duration : 12 hours precisely ( non-stop :-) .
Twitter
If you like this page , share it : Facebook
Does fearing failure paralyze you ?
Of all the reasons for inaction , the strongest one is not lack of ideas , tools , time or money .
Usually , the enemy is entrenched much deeper inside our minds .
Unless we learn to tackle our fear of failure , we ’ll never be able to get the most out of our lives .
In this first article of a two - part series , the focus is on how to create a first line of defense — a “ psychological armor ” — against fear of failure .
Here are 6 ideas to help you look at failure from a different perspective and stop being held back by it .
1. Failures are just steppingstones
“ There is no failure .
Only feedback . ”
– Robert Allen
We give too much importance to failure , do n’t we ?
We overemphasize it , seeing failure as the final result — as an undesired outcome of something we fought hard for .
We miss the point , though , that failure is just part of a larger process — the process of learning and growing .
Have you noticed that some people — contrary to all expectations — seem to only become stronger when they fail ?
How do they manage ?
If you pay close attention , you ’ll notice that they have developed a unique mindset : they realize that failing is an intrinsic part of succeeding .
They know that every time they fail , they ’re learning from their mistakes .
A failure is a message that says that something could have been done differently — that there is room for improvement .
And that ’s why these people do n’t seem to care much about failing : they never see the failure as an isolated event — but as part of a much larger process .
In life , failures are not end points : they ’re steppingstones .
They ’re only as permanent as you allow them to be .
They ’re only final if you accept defeat and stop trying .
2 . We can never be a failure
“ Failure is an event , never a person . ” – William D. Brown
At school we are ridiculed as we fail .
As we grow older , the ridicule may become subtler , but it ’s always present .
That ’s one reason fear of failure is so strong in us : failing undermines how we are recognized , accepted and validated by others .
For a long time , we ’ve been conditioned to attach our sense of self - worth to the outcome of our actions .
Every time one of our ideas fails , it is as though we allow our self - esteem to be eroded .
We feel the failure deep inside : it ’s almost like we were that idea that flopped .
But you do n’t need to think that way .
If something you try does n’t work out , it does n’t mean you are a failure or a loser .
It just means you ’re actively experimenting , that you ’re trying , and you ’re learning as a result .
In that regard , the expression to be a failure ( or successful ) does n’t make any sense .
If people around you do n’t get that and are still critical of you or your failures , it ’s probably because they are the ones who do not get the idea about experimenting , trying , and learning .
But do n’t let yourself down by their negativity .
As long as you keep an open mind to experimenting , do n’t bother if you keep failing !
The people who really care about you will always support you throughout your failures .
They ’ll never lose sight of the person behind your failures .
3 . Failing is the only way to go far enough
“ If you hit every time , the target is too near or too big . ”
– Tom Hirshfield
The only way to know that you ’ve gone far enough is to go too far .
And going too far is called failing .
That means that if you do n’t go far enough — in other words , if you do n’t fail — you ’ll never know for sure where your limits really are .
Race car drivers know this to the bone .
They even have a saying for it : “ The one sure way to find out if you ’re going fast enough is to crash ” .
So if you decide to live a life of “ playing it safe ” — of avoiding failures altogether — you can be safe in the knowledge that you ’ll most likely accomplish your goal — after all , that ’s a dead easy target to take aim at .
Just bear in mind , however , that you ’ll never be able to get the most out of your life acting that way .
4. Failing is part and parcel of innovation
“ I have not failed .
I ’ve just found 10,000 ways that wo n’t work . ”
– Thomas Edison
As much as I like creative idea generation , if you want to achieve marvelous things , having ideas is seldom the bottleneck .
Putting them to action is !
That ’s the difference between innovation and creativity : innovators are not just people having great ideas in a room , they are the ones who have the courage to go out and test them !
And guess what happens when they put their ideas to action ?
Exactly .
They fail .
Most of the time .
But every time they fail , they take note of the lessons failure taught them , improving their approach to solving the problem in subsequent attempts .
One of 20th century ’s most influential books ( and one of my favorites ) , Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance , was turned down by 121 publishers before getting published .
And that ’s only one story of persistence in the face of failure among the many I ’m sure you ’ve already heard .
Consider this :
If you eventually score one success , people will hardly remember your failures .
So , even if you have not overcome your ego problem about failing ( see point 2 above ) , you still have a chance : if you just keep trying and score at some point , all your mistakes will magically be gone . 😉
5 . Failing is usually not as bad as we picture it
“ Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes ” — Oscar Wilde
OK , failure may not be so bad after all , but would I be going too far in saying that you can actually enjoy failure ?
Seriously , there were times when I was so afraid to fail that when I failed — as expected — I felt immense relief .
My biggest threat had been left behind as there was nothing to fear anymore : my mind was clear again .
Failing can definitely set you free .
Have you failed before ?
Was it as terrible as you had anticipated ?
Well , here you are reading this article , so it seems you survived all right .
Truth is , failure is almost never as bad as we imagine .
Fear of failure is usually much worse than failure itself .
Too often , people who have n’t failed at anything believe that failing is a disaster .
And because they ’ve never failed , they believe they know it all .
They refuse to learn .
Every time you fail , then , look for the lesson behind it and take it as an opportunity to grow stronger , to grow wiser — to be a better person .
6. Everybody is afraid — everybody
“ Courage is not the absence of fear , but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear . ”
– Ambrose Redmoon
Let me tell you a secret : the next guy is as scared as you are .
We ’re all afraid of failing .
Yes , that includes even the most prolific geniuses you can think of —
In fact , they seem to be the ones who agonize more about failing . ”
There ’s nothing wrong about it .
Your fear is perfectly normal : if what you ’re doing is at least minimally worth it , fear of failure will always be part of the process .
It will never go away completely .
Achievers succeed not because they ’re not afraid , but because they overcome fear .
Every day .
Over and over again .
They know fear wo n’t go away , but they refuse to be deterred by it .
And that ’s the fight worth fighting .
That ’s the never - ending practice we must engage on .
Final Thoughts
I first compiled the ideas in this article for my own reference .
Although most of them may not be new , this is the kind of stuff I keep forgetting at the times I need them the most — and that ’s why I decided to share them here .
I hope you find them useful .
The 2nd part of this article is about specific strategies we can use to overcome our fear of failure : check it out !
Related Posts
“ After my accident , I was overwhelmed by my injuries , the loss of my vehicle , the cost of my doctor visits , and the relentless calls from the insurance company .
I felt exploited and frustrated .
Coming to John ’s office changed all of this .
Finally , I felt I had an advocate for me .
John took the time to explain to me , in simple terms , how he would deal with a seemingly impossible and complex system to recover my damages .
When John ’s office took over dealing with the insurance company , I was able to concentrate on getting my life back together .
My only regret is that I did n’t contact him sooner . ”
Pity the unemployed , but pity especially the young and unemployed .
This August , the teenage unemployment rate  that is , the percentage of teenagers who wanted a job who could not find one  was 25.5 percent , its highest level since the government began keeping track of such statistics in 1948 .
Likewise , the percentage of teenagers over all who were working was at its lowest level in recorded history .
“ There are an amazing number of kids out there looking for work , ” said Andrew M. Sum , an economics professor at Northeastern University .
“ And given that unemployment is a lagging indicator , and young people ’s unemployment even lags behind the rest of unemployment , we ’re going to see a lot of kids of out work for a long , long , long , long time . ”
Recessions disproportionately hurt America ’s youngest and most inexperienced workers , who are often the first to be laid off and the last to be rehired .
Jobs for youth also never recovered after the last recession , in 2001 .
But this August found more than a quarter of the teenagers in the job market unable to find work , an unemployment rate nearly three times that of the nonteenage population ( 9 percent ) , and nearly four times that of workers over 55 ( 6.8 percent , also a record high for that age group ) .
An estimated 1.64 million people ages 16 - 19 were unemployed .
Students at the Lilla G. Frederick Pilot Middle School work on their laptops during a class in Dorchester , Massachusetts in this June 20 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Adam Hunger
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Children are using the Internet to watch YouTube videos , connect with friends on social network sites and look up “ sex ” and “ porn , ” according to a study of the top Web searches by youngsters .
Computer security firm Symantec Corp identified the top 100 searches conducted between February and July through its family safety service OnlineFamily .
Norton , which monitors children ’s and teenager ’s Internet use .
It found the most popular search term was for YouTube , the video sharing website owned by Google , with Internet star , Fred Figglehorn , a fictional character whose YouTube videos are popular with children , coming ninth in the top searches .
The search engine Google was the second most popular search term and Yahoo came seventh , while social network site Facebook ranked third and MySpace came fifth in the list .
But the words “ sex ” and “ porn ” also made it into the top 10 , ranked numbers four and six respectively .
Other popular search terms included Michael Jackson , eBay , Wikipedia , Miley Cyrus who plays Hannah Montana in the hit Disney series , Taylor Swift , Webkinz , Club Penguin , and the Black Eyed Peas ’ song “ Boom Boom Pow . ”
California - based Symantec ’s Internet safety advocate Marian Merritt said the list showed that parents needed to be aware what their children were doing online .
“ It also helps identify “ teachable moments ” when parents should be talking with their kids about appropriate online behavior and other issues in their kids ’ online lives , ” she said in a statement .
The list was compiled after Symantec studied 3.5 million searches made by the OnlineFamily .
Norton which lets parents see what children are searching and who they are talking to on instant messaging and what social networks they are using .
Truth Matters to me .
I never censor my writing .
My essays , poems , autobiography , and creative writing reflect the real me .
My readers deserve nothing less .
Through my writing I connect with the inner light of reason and truth , and share my vision with the world .
Question 1 ( 18 remain )
No backing up
Left lane must stay to the left , right lane must to stay to the right
Traffic is permitted on either side of an island or obstruction
Left and right turn lanes ahead
Slow down
Correct Answer : Traffic is permitted on either side of an island or obstruction
Next Sign
I RECENTLY RAN INTO A CONSERVATIVE on the east coast .
He was a nice enough guy , but the second he found out I was from California he began a rant about the economic crisis on " the left coast " .
" The result was a seller 's market , rising property values , and increased speculation . "
According to him , the problem we face here is the result of over taxation and liberal policies .
He saw us as an object lesson to the nation — a warning of the dangers of the " tax and spend " left wing .
But I 've lived here since the early sixties , and I beg to differ .
Back then , California was envied by every state in the union .
We had the best infrastructure , the best roads , the best college system in the world .
As a result we attracted businesses and our economy boomed .
It really was a golden state , and it had been built , during the fifties and sixties , by liberal administrations .
So what went wrong ?
How did we get from there to here ?
Conservatives .
Ronald Reagan dismantled our system of institutions for the mentally ill , turning them out on the street and creating a population of homeless people who were not capable of fending for themselves .
Howard Jarvis used a public outrage over the assessment practices for property taxes to push through proposition 13 — a giveaway to businesses disguised as tax relief for homeowners .
Proposition 13 had several effects :
It lowered taxes on property , and drastically limited increased assessments as long as the property was not sold .
This was a nice thing for homeowners .
Fewer people lost their homes or became tax poor because of rising home values .
But the much larger effect was that the same rules applied to business property .
Businesses can hold on to property a lot longer than homeowners , so over the years they 're in a position to reap greater tax benefits .
So the idea of buying , and holding , property became a lot more attractive to businesses , while at the same time the fact that moving meant raising your property tax made people think twice about selling .
The result was a seller 's market , rising property values , and increased speculation .
Property taxes no longer acted as an offset to the many savings and incentives to trading in real estate .
The current housing crisis is in part due to Proposition 13 .
It cut state revenues — particularly revenues for our education system , which has been struggling ever since .
We have constantly had to struggle to keep the very programs that made our state so prosperous alive .
It created a requirement for a two - thirds majority to levy or raise taxes .
This , in turn , made it possible for conservatives to stonewall attempts to balance the budget through reasonable taxation .
But Reagan and Proposition 13 were n't the end of the conservative onslaught .
The saga continued ...
For software developers , live product demonstrations are a way of life , and that means that " live product demos gone horribly awry " are also a fact of life .
But what if the world 's most disastrous software demo was faked , foisted on a set of unsuspecting computer science students as a piece of performance art ?
That thought is what led University of California - San Diego student Tristan Newcomb to produce a half - hour of surreptitious theater that he calls " The Last Lecture . "
Students stare at the stage in disbelief , amusement , and horror as a software developer comes to class with his two assistants and proceeds to demonstrate a new videogame in spectacular fashion — software crashes , lag problems , puppet videos , and falling computers all coincide with the presenter 's personal breakdown in which he questions his life 's work and worries ceaselessly about his death ( a death in which no Kermit the Frog will welcome him to the afterlife ) .
Only after 30 minutes of increasingly bizarre personal confessions and technical glitches is the gag revealed ; credits suddenly begin to scroll up the gigantic demonstration screen at the front of the classroom .
The audience slowly realizes that it has been watching not a software demonstration , but a half - hour prerecorded video fronted by three actors .
" Software demonstration as performance art " first occurred to Newcomb back in 2004 , when he was working with other students to create an actual videogame .
As development proceeded and demonstrations were required , the group came up with an idea to just fake the game and use prerecorded video clips in place of a live demo , all of which would be secretly launched from a DVD ; real computers would be brought to class but only for use as props .
The recording began with a minute and a half of a fake blue screen of death .
While this was displayed , Newcomb filled the dead time with fake biographical credits and odd cultural ramblings about Muppets in the UK .
The more times he did it , the weirder the information became .
People believed every word he said , and why would n't they ?
These were real UCSD classes , and this software presentation had been vetted and introduced by the course professor .
To Newcomb , the software demonstrations that were so prevalent in the computer science program began to seem like a " little privileged theater space , " a powerful place to communicate " amazingly intense monologist details . "
In other words , software demonstration as one - man show .
At first the idea was simple comedy .
It quickly morphed into something more , something that violated " all unwritten rules of software demonstration " by faking everything from the software being demonstrated to each word that came out of the presenter 's mouth .
The idea was to have the audience " endure it " as the presenter 's life falls apart in front of them , along with his software .
The " Valhalla - like collapse " of the demonstration appears to invalidate everything that the presenter says , and it shows him up as a total incompetent or ( worse ) as a pathetic fraudster .
Professors are in on the scheme , providing Newcomb and his assistants access to UCSD computer science classes .
The piece has been run several times , each time further developing the character of the presenter , a self - absorbed loser who encapsulates everything that can go wrong in a career as a software developer .
Newcomb plays the role of presenter , apparently relishing the uncomfortable situation in which he is placing the audience , but he always makes sure that they understand the stunt at the end .
When the presenter finally worries about the uselessness of his life and that fact that he will see only his socks at the foot of the bed when he dies , end credits begin to roll on the screen behind him .
The audience generally pauses , trying to " reverse engineer everything they 've seen for 10 or 15 seconds " before they figure out just what it is they have been watching .
" This has now been stamped as fiction , " says Newcomb , adding that the audience is most often " incredibly relieved " that the demo was n't real .
It 's uncomfortable to watch someone experience such a crisis right in front of you , and in a public setting , especially someone who appears to be a " genuinely tortured " person .
The reveal therefore comes as something of a relief ; Newcomb describes it as " people stepping off a roller coaster , " and he hopes that they enjoyed the ride .
The hoax element of this approach wo n't work for long , of course .
Word gets around quickly .
Newcomb is now considering a plan to take the " failed software demo " idea into the traditional theater , where audiences know exactly what they 're in for .
He hopes to further develop the character , possibly turning the failed software demo into some type of ( fake ) infomercial .
He has recorded " The Last Lecture , " offering it freely online and recognizes that it has very limited commercial possibilities .
But even if he can't profit from the entire crazy experiment , that 's okay ; to Newcomb , it 's one of the " last little punk rock things that are left to do " in life .
Sep 30 , 2020 22:56 IST
Those of us with seats at policymaking or grant - making tables have a responsibility to speak up and amplify the work of others .
With the imminent shrinking of resources , there is a greater urgency for government , industry , CSOs and citizenry to work as collaborators with shared goals and innovative ... ... read more
Wannabe Hacker Mohamed Arrested September 30 , 2020
share this !
USA , ( WASARRESTED ) --
An individual who attempted to hack into hundreds and maybe thousands of pornograpic websites under the nick name " l33t hax0r " has been arrested on federal criminal charges of attempted unauthorized access to private networks .
Mohamed is also accused of credit card fraud in which thousands of dollars were used to buy dildos , liquid latex and inflatable sheep .
" Mohamed is n't a hacker .
Mohamed is what you would call a ' script kiddie ' or someone who downloads and runs scripts written by real hackers .
Unfortunatley for him the consequences are the same " , said officer Cranium .
He went on to say , " If co-workers had not reported their credit cards stolen we never would have cared about this person . "
The officer also noted that the credit cards were lifted from the individuals wallets and NOT " hacked " as Mohamed claims .
Mohamed faces a maximum of 4 years in prison and $ 125,000 in fines if convicted on the federal charges , although sentencing guidelines typically result in much lighter penalties .
Mohamed Was quoted as saying , " I am a l33t hax0r ! fear me ! " over and over again .
Disclaimer :
The contents of this page are fictional and are meant for entertainment purposes only .
The creators of this site assume no liability for how this site is used .
These pages are generated on the fly and are never stored .
Lenovo is releasing its IdeaCentre Q100 / Q110 nettops in September this year ( 2009 ) .
Lenovo claims that they will be the thinnest nettops with powerful specs .
You can connect that to your TV to watch videos or play games on a larger screen .
Like all other nettops these will also use Intel Atom processor .
Nettop will have 6 USB ports , stereo headphones and VGA or HDMI .
You can subscribe to Lenovo and they will let you know as soon as the nettop becomes available .
Both the models Q100 and Q110 will be powered by NVIDIA Ion and consume 40 watt power under full load .
Along with these two nettops , Lenovo is also releasing IdeaPad U450 laptop in September .
Technical Specs :
Intel® Atom™ Processor 230 ( 512K Cache , 1.60 GHz , 533 MHz FSB )
NVIDIA Ion platform
Windows XP
1GB / 2GB of RAM
160GB / 250GB hard drives
Gigabit Ethernet and WiFi
Dimensions : 6 x 6.3 x 0.7 - inches
Power consumption : Idle = 14 watts ,
Full load = 40 watts
Price : Q100 at $ 229 From $ 229
Update Note :
The nettop is not released yet , i’ll update as soon as it gets released .
Update :
It ’s for sale !
Check it .
Joel Tenenbaum downloaded and distributed thousands of songs without paying for them , and continued to do so for years after he was sued by the major record labels for this very activity , charged Tim Reynolds , the record labels ’ lead attorney , as the trial of the 25 - year old physics grad student got underway in earnest today in a Boston federal courtroom .
" We are here to ask you to hold the defendant responsible for his actions , " said Reynolds , a partner in the Boulder , Colorado office of Holme , Robert & Owen .
" Filesharing is n't like sharing that we teach our children .
This is n't sharing with your friends . "
If you ’re in the desert and it starts to rain , you need a new business , said Nesson
But , countered his attorney , Harvard Law School professor Charles Nesson , Tenenbaum was no different from countless others in his generation who turned to the Internet for free music when Napster made it possible back in 1999 .
Nesson made no effort to deny that Tenenbaum had engaged in the activity of which he stands charged as the second file - sharing defendant ever to face trial : downloading and distributing 30 songs whose copyrights are owned by the four major record labels .
" Everyone could download [ songs ] for free .
And millions and millions did .
Joel was one of those millions , " he told the five men and five women of the jury , the youngest of whom appears to be about 30 .
" In his way he 's like every other kid .
There 's nothing that distinctive about Joel . "
Nesson ’s opening statement veered at times from “ statement ” ( permissible ) into " argument " ( verboten ) , though it was always intriguing .
Nesson crumbled a Styrofoam box into hundreds of bits to illustrate albums breaking into individual songs , then displayed a poster of the now - famous " Necker Cube " optical illusion , asking the jury to consider the case from two varying perspectives .
" The truth can very typically be seen from two different points of view , " said Nesson .
Tenenbaum ’s hopes of letting the jury determine whether his acts of infringement constituted fair use under the Copyright Act were dashed by a last - minute order from Judge Gertner , granting the plaintiffs ' motion for partial summary judgment on the fair use defense .
Her order , e-mailed to the parties at 1:37 am on the morning of trial , said the fair use defense proposed by Tenenbaum would " shield from liability any person who downloaded copyrighted songs for his or her own private enjoyment " and would " swallow the copyright protections that Congress has created . "
Opening statements
Reynolds walked methodically through the evidence that , he says , proves Tenenbaum downloaded and shared the 30 songs on which the labels are seeking damages that could potentially reach $ 150,000 per work .
Investigative firm MediaSentry detected KaZaA user " sublimeguy14@KaZaA " at the IP address 68.227.185.38 sharing 816 files at 12:49 am on August 10 , 2004 .
The ISP Cox Communications revealed through subpoena that 68.227.185.38 was assigned to a " J. Tenenbaum " in Providence , Rhode Island .
And forensic examination of Tenenbaum 's hard drive provided additional evidence that Tenenbaum used KaZaA and other peer - to - peer programs for years , even after he was served with the complaint in August 2007 , said Reynolds .
Tim Reynolds
But , he noted , the record labels hardly need all the forensics from MediaSentry and from Cox and from their expert , Iowa State University computer scientist Doug Jacobson , because they have something potentially better , and likely much more understandable to the jurors : Tenenbaum 's own admissions at his two days of deposition that he used KaZaA to obtain music .
Plaintiffs plan to call Tenenbaum to the stand , possibly as early as tomorrow .
Tenenbaum " tried to blame others for his conduct but continued to infringe long after he was caught , and even during the course of this lawsuit , " said Reynolds , also the lead attorney in the recording industry ’s $ 1.92 million victory over Jammie Thomas - Rasset in Minnesota last month .
" He did n't take responsibility , " and initially tried to pin blame on his friends , his sisters , a foster child living with his family , and even a " burglar . "
And Tenenbaum 's actions caused real harm , contended Reynolds .
" The exact amount of harm is incapable of exact proof .
But make no mistake about it : defendant 's activities caused significant harm . "
Illegal downloading and distribution caused " significant lost sales , and reduced the labels ’ ability to develop new artists , " he said , emphasizing the impact on less - monied players in the music industry , including studio engineers and backup musicians .
Nesson 's opening statement told a completely different story , of a digital generation that embraced peer - to - peer networks when they arrived on the scene and should n't be punished for sticking with them even as iTunes and numerous other legal , paid alternatives became available .
" They listen to music with the technology available , and enjoy it with the technology available , " he said of the " digital natives " studied by John Palfrey , the Harvard Law School professor whose proposed expert testimony Judge Gertner excluded as irrelevant .
And Tenenbaum does n't bear responsibility for the music industry 's problems of the past decade .
“ The Internet was not Joel ’s fault .
Joel did not make the Internet , ” said Nesson .
Referencing the sudden availability of " free bits " on the Internet , he said , " If you ’re in the desert and it starts to rain , you need a new business . "
First witnesses
The first witness called by the plaintiffs was Sony Music Entertainment Deputy General Counsel Wade Leak , who educated the jury on the basic functions of a record label , from A&R to connecting artists with producers to radio promotion to physical and digital sales .
Leak also served as the vehicle for introduction of the copyright registrations of Sony 's works , and identified the song " Pardon Me " by Incubus , which was played to the courtroom with no apparent reaction from the jury or Judge Gertner , whose musical tastes remain a mystery .
Leak also testified as to the harm allegedly caused by peer - to - peer use to his company , stating that the number of Sony Music employees has dropped by half since 2000 , a body count he attributed in large part to piracy .
( Plaintiffs plan to bolster their evidence of economic harm with testimony from University of Texas economist Stanley Liebowitz , an expert on the economic effects of copyright infringement .
Tenenbaum has no economic expert , and Judge Gertner has barred his computer expert Dr. Johan Pouwelse from opining on economic and business issues . )
Charles Nesson
Nesson ’s cross-examination of Leak was lengthy , and interrupted by frequent objections by plaintiffs ' attorney Matthew Oppenheim , most of which were sustained .
Indeed , on several occasions " sustained " escaped from Judge Gertner ’s lips before Oppenheim even had the chance to object .
Chiding Nesson on his frequently unorthodox questions , Judge Gertner at one point told the evidence professor , " I 'm just trying to translate this into the Federal Rules of Evidence . "
And when Nesson , reacting to a sustained objection , explained what he was trying to " say , " Gertner cut him off : " You 're not supposed to be saying anything .
You 're supposed to be asking questions . "
On substance , Nesson tried to get Leak to admit that Tenenbaum did not fit into the category of the worst of copyright infringers : he was not a criminal infringer and not a member of a " release group " who originally seeded the KaZaA network with unauthorized copies of songs .
Instead , Tenenbaum was just " one more bit of dust in the wind " whose KaZaA use had no significant effect on the availability of the songs at issue .
Nesson also tried , without success , to get Leak to say how much the plaintiffs were seeking in damages from Tenenbaum .
" We are leaving that determination for the jury 's discretion , " said Leak , who testified at the Thomas - Rasset trial that an award of $ 150,000 in statutory damages per work was " absolutely " appropriate .
Mark Matteo of Cox Communications ' security department testified about the process of linking the IP address identified by MediaSentry with the account held by " J. Tenenbaum " of Providence , RI .
Nesson ’s cross reminded the jury that the first initial " J " belongs to Judith Tenenbaum as well as Joel .
MediaSentry 's staccato - talking anti-piracy cop Chris Connelly took the stand to describe how the company 's automated software detected " sublimeguy14@KaZaA ” at the IP address 68.227.185.38 sharing 816 files at 12:49 am on August 10 , 2004 .
The New Jerseyan confidently defended his company 's accuracy : “ There has been a zero error rate . ”
But he acknowledged that MediaSentry cannot detect transfers from one peer to another , and thus does not have direct proof that 68.227.185.38 distributed files to any specific KaZaA users other than to MediaSentry itself , which downloaded five complete files from sublimeguy14@KaZaA for purposes of this litigation .
Plaintiffs briefly called to the stand Joel 's high school friend James Chappel , whom Tenenbaum had previously identified as someone who had used his computer , possibly to download music .
Chappel testified that he had used the computer in Joel 's bedroom several times , but never to download music on KaZaA or otherwise .
Joel 's father , psychiatrist Dr. Arthur Tenenbaum , was the last live witness of the day .
He confirmed his son's musical tastes ( they once listened together to the Fugees ' " Killing me Softly , " one of the 30 songs at issue in this case ) and testified as to the computers at use in the family home .
He recounted Joel demonstrating KaZaA for him at the bedroom computer .
And , perhaps most damning , he testified that he called his son at college in 2002 to warn — quite prophetically — that Joel might get sued because of his P2P use .
" You only get sued if you do it a lot , " Joel responded .
The day concluded with a law firm associate reading deposition testimony from Joel 's two sisters , Tova and Abigail .
Joel testified during his deposition that both might have used KaZaA on the computer in his bedroom , but in their own subsequent depositions , both denied it .
Tomorrow will feature more denials from friends and acquaintances who Joel had suggested may have used his computer to download music .
Other scheduled witnesses include label attorneys JoAn Cho of Universal and Silda Palerm of Warner , plaintiffs ' computer forensics evidence Dr. Douglas Jacobson , and Joel Tenenbaum himself .
Plaintiffs have indicated they hope to wrap up their case sometime Thursday morning , which will leave the defense little time for its own presentation if the jury is to receive the case by Friday , as per the schedule set by Judge Gertner .
Ben Sheffner is an attorney specializing in copyright law .
He has previously represented entertainment companies including Warner Bros.
Records and Twentieth Century Fox , but has no current financial ties to any of the parties in this case .
Ben had the chance to experience copyright law from the user perspective while serving as a lawyer for John McCain 's presidential campaign in 2008 , and he now blogs about copyright issues at Copyrights & Campaigns .
He is covering the Joel Tenenbaum trial this week in Boston for Ars Technica .
Complete coverage :
When an accident leaves you injured – on the job , on the road or on someone else ’s property – you quickly start to realize what that injury can take from you .
Medical care is always expensive , presenting you with the tough choice of paying for the treatment you need or paying for other necessities .
You will lose wages from not working .
Simple , everyday tasks can become more complicated .
You need an attorney who is on your side and will work hard to help you recover the compensation you deserve .
I am that attorney .
At the Law Offices of Wesley Malowitz , I work together with my clients to not only help them recover financially but also to remove the stress they are facing .
After our brief photo and bathroom stop it was back into the bus .
Energized by the damp crispness in the air we wound through stunning countryside cloaked in rolling wisp like clouds and decorated by the rich , green layered mixture of plants and grasses that give peat its dense nature .
A relatively short drive up the road we stopped at a small overlook .
There , after choosing choice seats with stunning views of the valley as it stretched out below us , we settled in and ate our picnic lunches which we ’d purchased at the Tesco earlier in the day .
For Nate and I it was a delicious , albeit terribly messy , rotisserie chicken , bag of fresh raw peas , baby corn and macaroni salad .
Somehow we ’d managed to forget to purchase a fork , leaving fingers , fingers , and more fingers .
Needless to say , with spaghetti sauce stained fingers and chicken juice running down our chins we were in heaven .
Full , we took in the sites and as I recorded a bit of video Nate hoisted Elena – the Russian member of our tour – up onto his shoulder for a quick ballroom inspired lift / photo opportunity .
Recharged and energized we struck off along the coast and eventually arrived at Smoo Cave .
An odd formation , which seems to have been formed by a combination of oceanic erosion , wind and river erosion from the small stream that carved its way underground .
The cave ’s mouth was massive .
A large gaping entrance into a cavernous entrance area .
With a lone hole in the cave ’s ceiling , small raindrops and light streaming through from above and green , moss covered walls – the entire place was spectacular .
As water streamed out through a small opening deep within the cave we paused and watched as damp tourists made their way over the small bridge and across the small stream – which was seemingly flowing out of the side of the cave wall .
Only to return – drenched – mere seconds later .
Eager to partake , I zipped up my rain jacket , pulled my hood down tightly over my head and set into the breach in the cave wall .
The sound and vibration of crashing water was deafening .
The wooden platform which stretched into the small side channel of the cave quickly ended in a railing , leaving me standing face to face with a giant waterfall as it thundered into the cave from above .
A raging , swollen torrent made fierce by the afternoon ’s steady rainfall .
After filming a quick video , pausing to take in the downpour and reflecting on what I was seeing and experiencing I bowed my head , turned my back and carefully made my way down the slick wooden walkway and back out into the main cavern .
I was drenched .
It was worth it .
Eager to explore further we wound up steep steps to the top of the near bye cliffs and made our way along the cliff top out towards the open ocean .
With a thick grass / peat layer covering the tops of the coastal hills and sharp , jagged , rugged rocks fending off the beating waves below – we meandered along the coast enjoying its incredible natural beauty and majesty .
Though I could have easily paused and read for a while , time was of the essence and a light rain had begun to fall .
Legs pumping I sprinted back towards the Bus and hoped I was n’t the last to return .
To my relief we still had a short while before moving on to the next location – which gave me time to explore the top of the waterfall I ’d seen in the cave .
It had carved two holes in the cave ’s roof .
The higher of which was where the water currently fed into the cave .
Which turned the lower of the two ( pictured above ) as a window of sorts .
Offering a view of the top of the waterfall as it dove down into Smoo Cave below .
From Smoo
Cave it was back inland and up between majestic bald mountains crowed with sharp crumbling rocks and steep cliff faces .
As we wound along pristine roads through fog , light rain and dry patches we could not help but marvel .
At one point we spotted a mound of cut peat a ways back from the main road .
We paused along the side of the road as our guide sprinted to the cut and piled peat for a small piece to show us .
As he sprinted across the grasslands , I paused and enjoyed the above shot as the road wound through the grasslands and vanished into the fog .
Truly a magical place – one that brought fairy - tales to life – seemingly as careless accidents .
With 7:00 quickly approaching , we raced across the 2nd to last leg of our day ’s voyage – the ferry to the Orkney Isles .
View Larger Map
We arrived at the ferry landing with ample time to get out , stretch our legs and take in our surroundings .
A small , industrial dock the area was anything but attractive .
With an old , rusted out dump truck playing the role of flowerpot , we stretched our legs before watching Martin back the 16 person min-bus onto the ferry .
More than a little impressed we carefully slithered out of the Bus and wound our way through the tightly packed cars , vans , campers and trucks that were sardine ’d into the parking level .
A smaller open air ferry we wound up to the top deck and enjoyed the crisp ocean air .
Though slightly cool , the air was incredible .
With our hair being tussled by the ocean ’s breeze we strained our eyes watching for seals , dolphins or other sea life .
All the while enjoying the lazy northerly sunset ( if you can call it that ) , as the sun slowly made its way towards the horizon .
The trip took about an hour and wound between several smaller islands .
Some were decorated by beautiful , picturesque farm homes , while others were barren except for the occasional light house , or left over pillbox and military fortifications from the 2nd world war .
Eventually we rounded the northern tip of one of the Islands and were greeted be a beautiful , quaint island town .
Picturesque and framed beautifully by the setting sun the ferry drifted up to the quay .
Eager to begin preparing dinner , we made the quick 3 minute drive into town and the hostel we’d be spending the following two evenings at .
We quickly set to cooking a delicious seafood dinner before migrating next door to a small pub for a few games of pool , several pints and round after round of delightful stories .
Tired , but not ready for bed I wandered outside to explore the town briefly before finding my way back to the hostel common area where I settled in with Paul the Irishman , Martin our guide and my brother for a few more beers and a batch of hilarious stories that left us laughing until our cheeks hurt .
On that note , I ’ll leave you until tomorrow .
Any questions or comments ?
Just enjoyed reading the post ?
Please do n’t hesitate to leave a comment below .
I love your feedback !
This post was brought to you by Cheap Flight an online booking engine – check them out .
I ’VE never liked men .
I like guys .
Guys are often in between things like jobs and houses , which means they ’re more likely to stay up with you all night , drinking wine and playing gin rummy .
They ’ll rub your belly .
They ’ll lick chocolate off it .
They ’ll like your cute little dog .
A guy is never going to shoot Old Yeller in the woods .
Then again , guys do n’t remember to tell you the doctor ’s office called .
They do n’t check your tires before your big trip .
They do n’t say , “ Call me when you get there . ”
They say , “ Love you , have fun , ” because they ca n’t imagine anything bad happening to you .
Which is good , and somehow bad .
Guys do n’t tell you what to do .
This also is both good and , oddly , bad .
John Wayne was a man .
The young Marlon Brando was a guy  did n’t you see the hurt and indecision in his eyes in “ On the Waterfront ” ?
Rock Hudson was a man .
James Dean was a guy .
I never wanted to marry a man .
I married a guy .
When my guy and I were falling in love and so happy about it that we broke three of my lamps , a friend said , “ Someday you ’re going to want more than someone who listens to you . ”
But I really wanted someone who did that .
The sugar rush of fiscal stimulus in the West will subside within a few months .
Those “ cash - for - clunkers ” schemes that have lifted France and Germany out of recession – just – change nothing .
They draw forward spending , leading to a cliff - edge fall later .
( This is not a criticism .
Governments did the right thing given the emergency ) .
The thaw in trade finance has led to a V - shaped rebound in East Asia as pent up exports are shipped .
But again , nothing fundamental has changed .
Deficit countries in the Anglo - Sphere , Club Med , and East Europe are all on diets .
People talk too much about “ liquidity ” – a slippery term – and not enough about concrete demand .
Dont know if this has been posted here before but ....
So , no more System Access and 911 fee from rogers anymore after October 5th 2009 .
But there will be a new Goverment Regulatory Fee instead which will vary by region .
But this aint exactly a good thing for us rogers customers .
All rate plans will increase by $ 5 ( Stupid rogers making up for the loss of SAF fees )
So in the end , the total fees you pay end up being the same :
Old : $ 25 plan with 6.95 ( SAF ) and .50 ( 911 ) is 32.45 before taxes
New : $ 25 plan becomes $ 30 by default + $ 2.58 ( ON ) Govt Reg. Fee = $ 32.58
So your paying 13 cents more !
lol ,
but still all jokes aside , its still a losing situation for us Robbers customers .
Source : Rogers
An American " Reaper " flying hunter - killer robot assassin rebelled against its human controllers above Afghanistan on Sunday , and a manned US fighter jet was forced to shoot the rogue machine down before it unilaterally invaded a neighbouring country .
The Reaper , aka MQ - 9 or Predator - B , is a large five - ton turboprop powered machine able to carry up to 14 Hellfire missiles - each capable of destroying a tank or flattening a building .
It is used by the US and British forces above Afghanistan as a " persistent hunter - killer against emerging targets " .
According to USAFCENT Public Affairs :
The aircraft was flying a combat mission when positive control of the MQ - 9 was lost .
When the aircraft remained on a course that would depart Afghanistan 's airspace , a US Air Force manned aircraft took proactive measures to down the Reaper in a remote area of northern Afghanistan .
The statement goes on to say that the errant killdroid " impacted the side of a mountain " and that there " were no reports of civilian injuries " .
USAFCENT do n't specify just what manned jet went up against the mutinous machine , or what methods the pilot used .
However the logical choice would be a fighter plane - probably an F - 15 , - 16 or - 18 - and the cheapest and most fun weapon to use would be cannon fire .
Opposition from the Reaper would n't be an issue , as it is a low - performance aircraft compared to a jet fighter and has no air - to - air capability .
It was n't clear from the US military announcement whether the erratic death - bot had turned on its masters and was planning an attack on critical US logistics bases located north of the Afghan border , or whether it had sickened of reaping hapless fleshies like corn and was hoping merely to escape .
Alternatively the machine assassin may merely have succumbed to boredom or - just possibly - a mundane , non-anthropomorphic technical fault of some kind . ®
Lydian electrum trite ( 4.71g , 13x10x4 mm ) .
This coin type , made of a gold and silver alloy , was in all likelihood the world 's first , minted by King Alyattes in Sardis , Lydia , Asia Minor ( present - day Turkey ) , c. 610-600 BC .
It can be attributed , among other ways , as Weidauer 59 - 75 ( Type 15 ) .
Lions have been considered kings of the jungle , and symbols of kingly authority , from time immemorial .
One of the most fascinating coins of all time , a coin that I believe is the first true coin , features one the most fascinating lions ever to appear on a coin .
The coin illustrated above is a Lydian third stater , or trite , [ 1 ] minted sometime around 600 BC in Lydia , Asia Minor ( current - day Turkey ) , a country in close geographic and cultural proximity to the Greek colonies in Asia Minor .
These coins are pricey ( typically costing in the $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 range ) , and though scarce are not especially rare , [ 2 ] just in significant demand because of their history , the evocativeness of their design , their metallurgic characteristics , and their mystery .
Other coins may vie for the title of the world 's first coin , also from Lydia , nearby in Ionia , in the Middle East , and across the world in India and China , though none do so as persuasively . [ 3 ]
The Lydian Lion is the one coin I 'd personally call " The Coin . "
It directly preceded ancient Greek coinage , which through Rome begot all Western coinage , and which through the Seleukids , Parthians , and Sassanians begot all Islamic coinage .
Indian coinage has largely been a product of Greek , Roman , and Islamic influences . [ 4 ]
Chinese coinage , though it probably developed independently , was succeeded by Western - style coinage in the late nineteenth century . [ 5 ]
Other countries in Asia , in Africa , and elsewhere have adopted the Western approach to coinage as well .
It 's not chauvinistic , and it's only mildly hyperbolic , to suggest that virtually all coinage in use today is the progeny of the Lydian Lion , that it 's the Adam of coins . [ 6 ]
With certain matters relating to the first coinage , suggestions and speculation , deduction and theorizing are necessities because of the paucity of written , archeological , hoard , find spot , and die - study evidence .
What we do n't know about this coin and other early coins is at least as great as what we do know , and with what we think we know , there 's can be much disagreement and debate .
Still , the totality of the evidence that exists points to certain conclusions that can be beneficial in understanding the origin of coinage as well as , for coin collectors , in appreciating our collections .
Among what we know with confidence is that the Lydian Lion trite was the most common Lydian denomination of its time [ 7 ] and that it 's made of electrum , an alloy of gold and silver called " white gold " in ancient times . [ 8 ]
The Lydian Lion trite may have been worth about a month 's subsistence , according to Ian Carradice and Martin Jessop Price . [ 9 ]
R.M.
Cook placed a higher value on it , suggesting it may have had the buying power of about eleven sheep . [ 10 ]
Similarly , Richard Seaford felt it could buy about ten goats . [ 11 ]
But as an indication of how unsettled certain matters involving these coins are , Michael Mitchiner placed a much lower value on it , believing it to be worth approximately one sheep or three jars of wine . [ 12 ]
Aesthetically , the Lydian Lion is pleasing . [ 13 ]
It has a captivating archaic style , with the design consisting primarily of simple geometric shapes .
The composition is both balanced and dynamic .
The hatch marks of the lion 's mane divide the coin roughly in half , diagonally .
Most of the visual " action " -- the roaring mouth with teeth bared , the fierce triangle - shaped eye , and the mysterious starburst ( often described as a nose wart ) -- takes place to the right .
The lion head is sometimes referred to as a lion protome , with " protome " an archeological term meaning decorative motif in the form of an animal or human head .
The lion 's mane and sunburst vary in style between earlier and later versions of the coin .
As with most Lydian Lion specimens , the lion on the coin pictured above faces right ; with rare varieties , it faces left .
Other rare varieties feature an inscription or part of one on the obverse , in some cases with part of another lion head confronting the first lion head .
Like most of the earliest coins , instead of a design , the Lydian Lion features on the reverse an incuse punch created during the minting process , from the hammer used to force the blank planchet into the anvil die .
With the trite , the punch consists of two squares that are joined or separate .
The punch on smaller denominations consists of a single square .
The specimen pictured above weighs 4.71 grams , has a diameter of 13 mm at its widest , and at 4 mm , is thick as a nugget .
It likely consists of about 55 percent gold , 43 percent silver , 2 percent copper , and trace amounts of lead and iron , with the the later variety consiting of slightly lower gold and higher silver , based upon analyses of these coins by a number of different researchers .
The above variety can be attributed , among other ways , as Weidauer Type 15 and Mitchiner Group C.
What we also do n't know with certainty about these coins is why they were minted and what exactly the obverse design means , though there 's been no shortage of proposed answers .
The dating of these coins has also been widely debated .
Because of the significance of Lydian Lions , many numismatists have researched and studied these and related questions , but there 's still much room for further research and clarity .
Obsidian , a type of volcanic glass or hardened lava , is one of many materials that were used as money before coins and afterward .
( Photo courtesy of Oregon Department of Geology and Mineral Industries . )
The First Coin
The most fundamental debate involving these coins is whether the Lydian Lion is in fact the world 's first true coin .
Much here depends on what definition you use for " coin . "
I 'm using a commonly held numismatic definition of what a coin is , which is spelled out well in Webster , Second Edition : " A piece of metal ( or , rarely , of some other material ) certified by a mark or marks upon it to be of a definite exchange value and issued by governmental authority to be used as money . "
Key here are " mark or marks " and " certified ... by government authority . "
Other electrum pieces without a pictorial design but instead with an empty field , pellets , striations , parallel lines , or crisscrossing lines across their obverse were minted at about the same time or slightly later . [ 14 ]
Colin M. Kraay , [ 15 ] E.S.G. Robinson , [ 16 ] Charles Seltman , [ 17 ] and others have argued that these are n't true coins , only precoins , because they lack an essential feature of coins -- a " type , " or mark , of a recognized issuing authority , which in the case of these coins is a roaring lion . [ 18 ]
Instead of types , the obverses , which were crude at first and gradually became more stylized with the later geometric pieces , were meant to keep the planchet in place in the anvil die as the reverse die was struck with a hammer .
Though some numismatists have identified these typeless precoins as transitional pieces leading to the Lydian coins ( striated pieces with nascent types within the striations , in turn , were transitional pieces between the nontyped and fully typed ) , Mitchiner persuasively argued that they were Ionian Greek and led to typed Ionian Greek coins , and that chronologically they came after the Lydian coins . [ 19 ]
This follows from their more modern and elaborately designed reverses .
There 's no reason that fully typed coins could n't have been the first coins .
Stone and clay seals with pictorial designs predated coins , and some scholars have argued , persuasively , that the idea of stamping coins with designs developed from the use of seals to designate ownership or authority . [ 20 ]
Whereas in Lydia the transition appears to have been from typed seals to typed coins , in Ionia it was from typeless bullion to striated and geometric bullion to striated bullion with nascent types within the striations to fully typed coins .
Money in the form of ingots , rings , coils , and other pieces of precious - metal bullion , typically silver , emerged as civilization was emerging in Mesopotamia and Egypt , [ 21 ] though unlike coins these had no mark of authority .
Some adhered to a weight standard and had a fixed exchange value , some did n't .
The typeless western Anatolian electrum precoins are more akin to these bullion pieces such as these than they are to coins .
Numerous other items have performed one or more of the roles of money -- store of wealth , medium of exchange , and standard of value -- before and after Lydian Lions .
These items include but are n't limited to seashells , beads , obsidian ( volcanic glass ) , disk - shaped stones , bamboo , grain , salt , tobacco , cigarettes , liquor , tea , cocoa beans , honey , butter , dried fish , spears , swords , arrows and arrowheads , axes and axeheads , knives , guns , bullets , empty bullet cartridges , hoes , spades , nails , plastic , paper , animal skins , cloth , clothing , blankets , gemstones , jewelry , feathers , whale teeth , shark teeth , ivory , bone , cattle , camels , slaves , and wives . [ 22 ]
See Traveling back in time : Nature 's Objects , for photos and descriptions of several natural objects that precede coinage .
The Lydian trite is by far the most common Lydian electrum denomination .
Though it 's called a trite , or third of a stater , the c. 14g stater as a denomination likely came into existence later and may not even be Lydian .
An electrum stater with a roaring lion facing right and a more elaborate reverse incuse ( Sear 3397 ) exists , though it 's rare , with only two specimens believed to be extant . [ 23 ]
Another rare stater exists depicting two confronting lion heads , but it employs the same incuse style ( Sear 3396 ) .
Mitchiner argued persuasively that these coins were more likely later issues of Greek Ionia .
There is in fact nothing Lydian about the elaborate reverse incuses , nothing that looks like the reverses of Lydian coins , whether trites and smaller fractions of Alyattes or following him staters and fractions of Kroisos .
The existence of rare inscribed c. 4.6g pieces with one lion head confronting part of another lion head that 's mostly off the flan can be explained by a failed experiment with a larger denomination or by the die being deliberately larger than the planchet to allow for the lion head to face either right or left .
Laura Breglia argued that the trite was the stater , or standard , of the earliest coins , [ 24 ] which in all likelihood was the case .
If relatively little is known conclusively about Lydian Lions , even less is known about the numerous other early electrum coins that were likely issued at about the same time or somewhat later , about 300 types in all , according to Stefan Karwiese . [ 25 ]
Some are tentatively attributed to states in nearby Ionia , including Miletos , Ephesos , and Phokaia ; some may have been issued in Lydia .
Many , perhaps most , of these other types may have been issued privately , perhaps by employers , merchants , noblemen , or bankers [ 26 ] ( some numismatists have disputed the likelihood of their being private issues ) . [ 27 ]
What is clear is that none was issued in anywhere near the same quantity as Lydian Lions .
According to Karwiese , in an impressive exercise in inventory , Lydian electrum coins featuring a lion 's head comprised 21.2 percent of the 2,057 early electrum pieces known to him from published hoards and auction and sales catalogs , while Lydian electrum fractions featuring a lion 's paw comprised 4.6 percent , for a total of 25.7 percent for Lydian Lion electrum coins .
The next largest group of early electrum pieces were typeless precoins , at 10.8 percent .
Coins with a swastika pattern comprised 8.8 percent .
The remaining 54.7 percent were spread out over the 300 or so other early electrum types . [ 28 ]
None of the other early electrum coins , I 'd therefore maintain , has the same grounds for claiming to be official government issues as Lydian Lions .
Though a small emission in itself does n't rule out the possibility of any of these other coins being issued by a ruling authority first , it does n't argue for it either .
I 'd argue that the rare early electrum coins of other types were more likely issued privately , by merchants , and are thus more akin to tokens than true coins .
Given the absence of definitive evidence that clearly identifies the " first coin , " one option you 're left with is what Kagan described as " the feeling of numismatists . " [ 29 ]
The weight of what evidence we do have , even though not conclusive , points to Lydia as the source of the first coins , which many numismatists today believe [ 30 ] and which the ancients may have believed as well , [ 31 ] and to Lydian Lions as being the first coin .
The emperor could well be without clothes , but until another coin comes along that can credibly claim the crown and royal garb of first coin , the Lydian Lion rules , to my eyes .
Map of the Aegean world c. 800-600 BC , at the time Lydian Lions were minted .
The areas in pink , including Athens , were controlled by the Ionian Greeks .
The areas in orange , including Sparta , were controlled by the Dorian Greeks .
The areas in yellow were controlled by other Greeks .
The areas in light green , including Lydia , Thrace , and Macedonia , were controlled by non-Greeks , though the Macedonians were closely related to the Greeks and moving toward integration with Greece and the Lydians , with their capital of Sardis , were in close contact with the Ionian Greeks .
( Map courtesy of Hypatia.org . )
Lydia
If the Lydians were the first to strike coins , why them , an interesting people but a people not particularly celebrated in history , a people assimilated long ago ? [ 32 ]
This is another question , like many involving ancient coins for which there 's a scarcity of hard evidence , that requires you to resort to deduction to answer .
The result may not be conclusive , but it can be persuasive , and though it 's only tentative , it can still be satisfying .
The answer in this case , I believe , has to do with the Lydians ' prosperity .
First , the Lydians commanded the electrum - rich Paktolos ( Pactolus ) River .
According to Greek mythology , the Paktolos River acquired its electrum when King Midas of nearby Phrygia bathed in it to wash away his golden touch , which had turned even his food into gold , a telling parable about the destructiveness of wealth .
In actuality , The Paktolos River acquired its electrum from electrum - laden quartz deposits near Mount Tmolos ( called Mount Bozdag today ) .
The Lydians , as did others elsewhere , probably sifted the silt , sand , and gravel of the Paktolos River as well as the Hermos River and other waterways with sheepskins , a practice in the ancient world that likely gave rise to the legend of the Golden Fleece . [ 33 ]
Small quantities of electrum can still be recovered today from the Paktolos River and nearby streams . [ 34 ]
Second , the Lydians were well positioned at the juncture of trade routes between the Near East and Europe .
As the 19th century German historian Ernst R. Curtius wrote , " The Lydians became on land what the Phoenicians were by sea , the mediators between Hellas and Asia . " [ 35 ]
Lydians have also been described as the inheritors of the knowledge and traditions of the earliest civilizations of Mesopotamia and the main conduit for their passage into the Mediterranean world . [ 36 ]
This knowledge , according to George M.A. Hanfmann , included the concept of a state - guaranteed currency , the exact system of " Babylonian " weights , and probably the technology of processing gold .
The Lydians profited , according to Mitchiner , by taking metals from the Babylonians , Assyrians , and Medians and passing them on to the Ionian Greeks . [ 37 ]
Third , Lydians were both commercial and savvy .
In the fifth century BC , the Greek historian Herodotos ( Herodotus ) , albeit exaggerating , wrote that the Lydians were the first merchants ( kapelois ) . [ 38 ]
Some scholars today believe that the Lydians created the world 's first free market . [ 39 ]
Hanfmann wrote that Lydia was " the first and prototypical example of the process of transition from an agricultural barter economy to an early commercial monetary urban economy . " [ 40 ]
It 's clear that the Lydians knew ... money .
The expression " rich as Croesus " came about because of the success this Lydian king had in amassing wealth . [ 41 ]
His father , Alyattes , was enormously wealthy as well . [ 42 ]
The Lydians were also a literate people , with literacy spread throughout society instead of being limited primarily to the elite , as with the Greeks but unlike with most peoples throughout history . [ 43 ]
Even though coinage does n't appear to have initially served commerce or trade , it 's likely that the Lydians created coins as we know them because they were the first to recognize their profit - making potential , as will be shown below .
It would still be possible of course for later governments to earn seigniorage profits by issuing coins in pure gold and silver , just not as easy . [ 44 ]
Electrum , as found in nature .
Electrum can be a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver , or it can be a man-made alloy , as in the case of Lydian Lions , in which the Lydians carefully controlled the percentages of gold and silver .
( Photo courtesy of Claus Hedegaard , who sells minerals such as this . )
Electrum Perhaps the most intriguing debate deals with why the Lydians minted these early coins in electrum , an alloy of gold and silver .
Many sources erroneously refer to these coins as being made of naturally occurring electrum .
According to those who have done the metallurgical analyses , these coins have a higher content of both silver and copper than naturally occurring electrum from the area .
Western Anatolian electrum , then as now , has a gold content of 70 to 90 percent , [ 45 ] while these coins have a gold content of 50 to 60 percent , with most of those that have been analyzed consisting of around 54 percent gold . [ 46 ]
This indicates that the Lydians added these metals to electrum .
Silver was less expensive , as was copper , and it was likely that the small amount of copper that was added was done so to improve the coins ' color and hardness .
Though some scholars disagree , the evidence , though not conclusive , suggests that the Lydians already possessed the technology to refine pure gold and silver and that if they wanted they could have produced pure gold coins , as they did shortly later during the rule of Kroisos ( Croesus ) . [ 47 ]
The reason they did n't is debated .
One theory , famously proposed by Sture Bolin in 1958 , is that the first coins were the first numismatic deception .
The Lydian ruling authorities may have deliberately and surreptitiously debased naturally occurring electrum as a profit - making enterprise , to put it politely , or as a state - sanctioned racket , to put it less politely .
Bolin used the phrase " an imposture , a large - scale swindle . " [ 48 ]
This theory , sometimes in a slightly different rendering , has been supported by most scholars since then , including T.F. Carney , [ 49 ] Sally Herbert Frankel , [ 50 ] Hanfmann , [ 51 ]
Price , [ 52 ]
Andreas Fürtwangler , [ 53 ]
Carradice and Price , [ 54 ] and most recently John R. Melville - Jones , [ 55 ] Robert Mundell , [ 56 ]
Paul T. Keyser and David D. Clark , [ 57 ]
Georges Le Rider , [ 58 ] and Koray Konuk . [ 59 ]
Fewer scholars , it seems , have argued that silver and copper were added to naturally occurring electrum for less sinister reasons , to create a more consistent alloy , including Robert W .
Wallace , [ 60 ] Andrew Ramage , [ 61 ]
John H. Kroll , [ 62 ] and Karwiese . [ 63 ]
No logical reason exists that both purposes were n't served -- creating a consistent alloy for a consistent appearance , and earning profits .
Gold could have been added to naturally occurring electrum as easily as silver .
That the Lydian king earned what were undoubtedly large seigniorage profits was n't criminal , just opportunistic .
It used to be thought that coins came into existence to facilitate commerce , preventing merchants from having to weigh bullion with each transaction .
The weight of Lydian trites , in fact , is remarkably consistent , with most hovering very close to 4.7 grams . [ 64 ]
But one of the things we now know about the function of the first coins with any degree of assurance is that they were n't used as coins were used later on in ancient times , and as coins are used today , that is , for everyday market transactions .
It 's clear that it took some time before ancient coins were used for commerce and trade .
Even the smallest - denomination electrum coins , perhaps worth about a day 's subsistence , would have been too valuable for buying a loaf of bread . [ 65 ]
Electrum coins have been conspicuously absent from archeological finds in the marketplace in Sardis , capital of Lydia . [ 66 ]
Gold and silver bullion were likely still used for commerce in western Asia Minor , including Lydia , at the time that electrum coins were minted . [ 67 ]
The first coins to be used for retailing on a large - scale basis were likely small silver fractions minted by the Ionian Greeks in the late sixth century BC . [ 68 ]
What 's more , evidence shows that Lydian Lions were n't used in international trade , not showing up in substantial quantity in hoards outside of western Anatolia . [ 69 ]
That role would be served later on by silver coins , whose intrinsic value could be more easily determined than electrum coins , beginning en masse with Athenian Owls and to a lesser extent with the coins of Aegina , Corinth , and the Thraco - Macedonian tribes . [ 70 ]
The uncertain intrinsic value of electrum was the primary reason it was largely superseded as a numismatic metal by silver and to a lesser extent until the time of Alexander the Great by gold .
( Electrum was also used in Asia Minor for the coinage of Ephesos , Miletos , Phokaia , Smyrna , Chios , Kyzikos / Cyzicus , Halikarnassos , Lampsakos , and Mytilene and elsewhere for the coinage of Carthage , Syracuse , the Celts , the Thraco - Macedonian tribes , the Kushans , and Bosporos . )
Instead of commerce and trade , these earliest coins were in all likelihood used for other purposes .
What follows is a suggested scenario : Bullion had long been used as money .
The Lydian king , Alyattes , a crafty and powerful figure who ruled for half a century , figured out that if he controlled the bullion market , or part of it , he 'd further amass his wealth .
So he deemed that only bullion with his mark , the roaring lion , could be used for official purposes -- the state paying state workers and mercenaries and the people paying taxes and making religious donations .
Other purposes that this first coinage were soon put to likely included gifts as part of treaty ceremonies , wedding presents , and hospitality offerings .
Along with typical seigniorage profits that later minting authorities would enjoy , Alyattes further enriched himself by debasing naturally occurring electrum with silver and copper .
To facilitate acceptance , he carefully controlled the weight of each piece of this new type of bullion .
Merchandisers and traders continued to use regular bullion until the Greeks , clever traders that they were , took what the Lydians invented and went a step further .
They figured out that silver coins , being more difficult to debase , would be more accepted in more places than electrum coins for retailing and trade while still earning them profits .
Coinage , invented by the Lydians , was thus spread by the Greeks . [ 71 ]
Ancient Coin Timeline
Pre-Man 14 billion - 2.6 million BP ( Before Present ) 13.7 billion BP ( Before Present ) Universe born in Big Bang 13.7 - 4.6 billion BP
Elements heavier than iron created primarily in two ways : rapid collapse and explosion of massive stars at end of their life into supernovas , and slow expansion of second - or third - generation mid-size stars such as Sun at end of their life into red giants ; supernovas account for gold , platinum , and most silver , fusion in massive stars and supernovas for copper and nickel , red giants for most tin , fusion in massive stars and supernovas and red giants for zinc Stone Age 2.6 million BP - 3500 BC 6000 BC Discovery of gold Bronze Age 3500 - 1200 BC 3500 BC Bronze , strong man-made alloy of copper and tin , invented independently in Middle East and Far East 2500 BC Indo - European speaking peoples begin arriving in Europe from Pontic - Caspian steppe ( region northeast of Black Sea and northwest of Caspian Sea corresponding to ancient Scythia and Sarmatia and present - day eastern Ukraine , Russian Volga and Southern districts , and western Kazakhstan ) 2200 BC Mycenaean Greeks , an Indo - European speaking people , begin entering mainland Greece from north , founding cities such as Mycenae , Thebes , and Athens 2000 BC Italic tribes begin arriving in Italy Iron Age 1200 - 800 BC 1200 - 1100 BC BC Dorians ( Spartans ) immigrate from north into Greek mainland , ending Mycenaean civilization ; Sea Peoples , who may have been barbarian mercenary infantry soldiers who rebelled against ruling kingdoms , invade Mediterranean coasts , destroying Hittite Empire and weakening Egyptian Empire ; Dorians and Sea Peoples succeed with use of iron weaponry ; drought and earthquakes may have created instability that helped the invaders 1100 - 1000 BC Ionians ( Athenians ) , displaced by Dorians , immigrate into Asia Minor Archaic Age 800 - 500 BC 610 BC Lydians of Asia Minor invent coinage ; shortly afterward it spreads to Greek cities in Asia Minor , then Greek islands , then Greek mainland , then rest of world 600 BC China issues its first coins , cast bronze pieces in shape of farm tools 560 BC Lydians invent bimetallic coinage , is suing coins of pure gold and pure silver 550 BC First coinage minted in mainland Greece , in Athens and Corinth 509 BC Rome replaces monarchy with aristocratic republic 507 BC Athens initiates world 's first democracy , with power shared by male citizens Classical Age 500- 330 BC 499-495 BC Unsuccessful Ionian revolt against Persian domination of Greek Asia Minor 490 BC First Persian invasion of Greece ; Battle of Marathon 480- 479 BC Second Persian invasion of Greece ; Persians defeat Spartans at Thermopylae ; Persians occupy Athens ; Greeks defeat Persians at Salamis 477 BC Athens - dominated Delian League formed to unite Greece against Persians 449 BC Greeks and Persians make peace , the Peace of Callias 450 BC Sicilian Greeks issue Western world 's first bronze coins 443- 429 BC Pericles is leader of Athens during its Golden Age 431-404 BC
Athens fights and loses Peloponnesian War to Sparta , ending its military domination of Greece 395- 340 BC Warfare among rival Greek leagues 392 BC Rome begins conquest of Italy , sacking Etruscan city of Veii 338 BC Philip of Macedonia founds League of Corinth , ends autonomy of Greek city states 336-323 BC
Alexander the Great 's reign ; conquers Persian Empire and most of known world east of Greece , spreading Greek culture Hellenistic Age 330-30 BC 323-148 BC
Greek city states remain relatively independent ; frequent warfare continues among rival leagues 289 BC Rome issues its first coins , crude heavy cast bronzes 280 BC Celts arrive in the Balkans and Asia Minor 264- 146 BC
Rome defeats Carthage in three Punic Wars , establishing dominance in western Mediterranean 250 BC China introduces its first round coinage , cast in copper with hole in middle ; similar coins used by China until 1912 221 BC China unites for first time , under Qin ( Ch'in ) dynasty 215 BC Rome introduces denarius , silver coin replacing slightly larger drachm ; serves as main Roman coin denomination for 500 years ; evolves into French denier and English silver penny and later both English copper penny and U.S. cent 200 - 196 BC First Roman victories over Greece 168 BC Rome wins Third Macedonian War 148 BC Rome annexes Macedonia , making it Roman province , and begins stripping it of material wealth 146 BC Rome conquers Greece , sacking Corinth and ending Greek independence 88 - 86 BC
Athens joins revolt against Roman rule led by Mithradates the Great of Pontos , Asia Minor , which ends in sack of Athens by Roman general Sulla 64 BC Rome annexes Syria 57 BC Caesar conquers Gaul 55 BC Caesar invades Britain 50 BC Rome introduces the gold coin aureus 31 BC Octavian defeats Antony and Cleopatra and annexes Egypt , ending Hellenistic Age Roman Empire 27 BC - 476 AD 27 BC Octavian becomes Augustus , first Roman emperor 27 BC - 180 AD Pax Romana , 200 - year period of relative peace within Roman Empire , corresponding to pinnacle of Roman influence , ending with death of emperor Marcus Aurelius 9 AD Rome loses the Battle of Teutoburg Forest to the Germanic Cherusci tribe , ending its northern expansion 43 AD London founded as Roman settlement 70 AD Roman emperor Titus destroys Temple of Jerusalem and sacks the city , leading to the diaspora of the Jews to Armenia , Iraq , Iran , Arabia , Egypt , Italy , Spain , and Greece 267 AD Gothic tribes ( East Germanic tribes who probably originated in southern Sweden ) sack Byzantium , Athens , and Corinth 306- 337 AD Rule of Constantine the Great , first emperor to fully embrace Christianity ; moves Roman capital to Byzantium 360 AD Beginning of the intensification of Germanic incursions into Roman territory , with Visigoths , Ostrogoths , Vandals , Burgundians , and Franks increasingly threatening Roman hegemony in the West 360 - 363 AD Reign of Julian the Philosopher , last Roman emperor who tried to restore classical paganism 410 AD Rome withdraws from Britain 476 AD Romulus Augustulus , last Western Roman emperor , exiled and replaced by Germanic king Odoacer ; traditionally considered end of the Roman Empire , though the Eastern Roman Empire of the Bytantines , with Constantinople as its capital , would last until 1453 Note : Many of the above dates are approximate and debatable ; some early events are commonly accepted theories ; division of time into particular ages is partly from a Western perspective .
See Traveling back in time : Nature 's Objects for photos and descriptions of several natural objects that span the eons .
See Ancient Timeline for a more comprehensive timeline .
Dating
The dating of Lydian Lion coins is " the most challenging question in ancient Greek numismatic scholarship , " according to Nicholas Cahill and John H. Kroll . [ 72 ]
I believe the Lydian electrum trites were minted during the reign of King Alyattes , c. 610-560 BC , [ 73 ] and that the first Lydian coinage was minted during the early part of Alyattes ' reign ( scholars disagree on the years of Alyattes ' reign , with the date of his assuming power ranging between 619 and 609 BC and the date of his death typically being 561 or 560 BC ) .
Alyattes was the father of Kroisos ( Croesus ) , the Lydian king of legendary wealth who was likely the first to strike coins of pure gold and silver . [ 74 ]
T he Mermnad ( Mermnadae ) dynasty of Lydia consisted of , in chronological order , Gyges , Ardys , Sadyattes , Alyattes , and Kroisos ( Croesus ) .
A lyattes is infrequently referred to as Alyattes II .
One well - respected ancient coin auction house recently changed its attributions of these coins to Alyattes II , and a few other auction houses and dealers have since followed suit .
Wikipedia uses " Alyattes II , " based on the online Encyclopaedia of the Orient , though this online work provides no references .
The auction house that uses " Alyattes II " said it bases this on John Lempriere 's 1788 Classical Dictionary ( Biblioteca Classica ) , its full name being Classical Dictionary of Proper Names Mentioned in Ancient Authors Writ Large , With Chronological Table .
This may have been the source used by the online Encyclopaedia of the Orient as well .
But Classical Dictionary also does n't reference its source of the " Alyattes II " usage .
It 's likely that Classical Dictionary based it usage on ancient epigraphs or on works whose usage was based on ancient epigraphs , epigraphs being lists of kings on clay tablets and other media .
According to the epigraphic tradition , , " Alyattes I " was an earlier king of Lydia , during the eighth century BC , and part of the Tylonid dynasty .
The Tylonid dynasty allegedly consisted of Ardys I , Alyattes I , Myrsos , and Kandaules and preceded the Mermnad dynasty .
The Tylonid dynasty , in turn , was allegedly preceded by the Heraklid ( Sons of Herakles ) dynasty , though sometimes the two dynasties are referred to as one , the Heraklid / Tylonid dynasty .
According to these lists , the demigod Herakles was the progenitor of the Lydians .
Using old references can shed interesting light on the state of scholarship in the past , but it can be problematic with ancient coin attributions when done in isolation .
Epigraphic lists are known by historians today to be generally unreliable as historical documents .
For one thing , they sometimes combine kings from different regions .
Livio C. Stecchini contended , for instance , that Gyges was the first Lydian king and those before him , including the earlier Alyattes , were kings of nearby Maionia , a Phrygia dependency . [ 75 ]
What 's more , epigraphic lists are often legendary rather than annalistic , including as they do , for instance , the mythic hero Herakles as a city 's founder , with Lydians as with other peoples , so another strong possibility is that " Alyattes I " was a legendary rather than a historical figure .
Even Wikipedia acknowledges that the Lydian dynasties earlier than the Mermnads were wholely or semi-mythical .
In general when consulting ancient sources , from Herodotos and Plutarch to Xanthos and Nikolaos of Damaskos , the further back in time you go , the more history recedes into legend and myth .
The ancient historians Herodotos and Strabo both refer to Kroisos ' father as Alyattes and make no mention of an earlier King Alyattes of Lydia in their writings on Lydia .
The same is true of modern historians , archeologists , and numismatists who have focused on Lydia , including George M.A. Hanfmann , John Griffiths Pedley , Robert W. Wallace , Koray Konuk , and Andrew Ramage .
Likewise , other newer references such as Oxford Classical Dictionary and Encyclopaedia Britannica do n't use " Alyattes II " and make no mention of an earlier Lydian king named Alyattes .
No ancient coin attribution reference that I 've found uses " Alyattes II " either .
Because of the unreliability of the epigraphy and because of the uncertainty about where " Alyattes I " reigned or whether he even existed , it makes little sense to refer to the historical Alyattes as Alyattes II in describing these coins .
The first auction house has just gone back to using " Alyattes , " and no doubt the auction houses and dealers that copied it will follow suit as well .
My dating of the above coins to the reign of Alyattes is based on the archeological evidence uncovered in 1904 and 1905 by D. G. Hogarth and the British Museum at the Temple of Artemis at Ephesos , also called the Ephesian Artemision ( which would later evolve into one of the Seven Wonders of the ancient world ) , on archeological work done by a team from Harvard University and Cornell University led by Hanfmann beginning in the late 1950s , on evidence uncovered there more recently by the Austrian Archaeological Institute , [ 76 ] on interpretations of the archeological evidence by various scholars , and on the timing of the subsequent spread of coinage throughout the Aegean world .
Early numismatists such as Barclay Head believed that Lydian coins were minted as early as c. 700 BC , [ 77 ] or even earlier , and some dealers today still date these coins the way they were dated a century ago , following " high chronology . "
But much archeological evidence has surfaced since then , and the dating of Lydian Lions has been inching forward in time , with most numismatists today arguing for later dating , or " low chronology . "
Kraay in 1976 wrote that the first coins were minted in " the second half of the seventh century BC , " [ 78 ]
Price in 1983 " the last quarter of the seventh century [ BC ] , " [ 79 ] G.K. Jenkins in 1990 " no earlier than in the late seventh century BC , " [ 80 ]
Carradice in 1995 likely from " the late seventh to early sixth centuries BC , " [ 81 ] and Le Rider in 2001 not " before 590 - 580 [ BC ] . " [ 82 ]
Often these coins are dated today by dealers c. 650 to 561 BC , which is how David R. Sear dated them in his 1979 standard Greek Coins and Their Values .
Other times they 're dated very broadly -- before c. 561 BC , this being approximately the year that Alyattes died and Kroisos assumed power .
This is both overcautious and potentially misleading , suggesting the possibility that they could have been minted at any time before Kroisos .
A minority of numismatists have diverged from these dating patterns , dating them earlier [ 83 ] or later . [ 84 ]
Because of the dating uncertainty involving these coins , " one should not rely too strongly on any published dates at this point , " according to Wayne G. Sayles . [ 85 ]
This advice may turn out to be wise , but it 's unsatisfying .
Just as there are negatives in basing a conclusion on insufficient evidence , there are negatives in failing to suggest a conclusion when evidence , even if sparse or debatable , supports it . [ 86 ]
In their attributions , Lydian Lions are often associated with " Uncertain King , " which I believe is also overcautious .
While it 's not certain that these coins were minted by Alyattes , the body of evidence and opinion strongly suggests they were , and attributing them to Alyattes ( who reigned for about half a century ) strikes me as being no more rash than the putting forth of much else that has become knowledge in ancient numismatics .
SNG von Aulock and SNG Kayhan got the dating right for these coins , I believe , and SNG Fitz . got the attribution to Alyattes right .
SNG Tübingen , Boston MFA , and the auction houses Fritz Rudolf Künker and Hess - Divo both date and attribute these correctly , I believe , giving them to Alyattes c. 610 - 561 BC .
With the caveats in mind , I 'm dating the first coin illustrated on this page , the first coin below , and all coins of its type to c. 610-600 BC and the second below and all coins of its type to c. 600 - 560 BC .
First coin above : Lydian electrum trite , first major variety ( 4.71g , 13x10x4 mm ) , Sardis , Lydia , Asia Minor ( present - day Turkey ) , c. 610-600 BC .
This is the first main variety of Lydian Lion , seen far less commonly than the second and minted over a far shorter period .
Inscribed varieties , even rarer , are likely contemporaneous with this one .
It can be attributed as Weidauer 59 - 75 ( Type 15 ) , Mitchiner 9 - 11 ( Group C ) , SNG München Plate 1 , 2 , SNG Lockett 2976 , Rosen 653 , Babelon Traité 4 , and BMC Lydia 2 .
It likely consists of about 55 percent gold , 43 percent silver , 2 percent copper , plus trace elements of lead and iron .
It 's slightly redder in hue than the coin underneath , which likely indicates a slightly higher gold and copper content .
Second coin above : Lydian electrum trite , second major variety ( 4.74g , 12x11x4 mm ) , Sardis , Lydia , Asia Minor ( present - day Turkey ) , c. 600 - 560 BC .
This is the second main variety of Lydian trites , later , slightly more refined in style , and considerably more common than the first .
The sunburst above the lion 's eye typically has more rays , and the hatches making up the lion 's mane point downward instead of upward .
It can be attributed as Sear Greek 3398 , Weidauer 86 - 89 ( Type 16 ) , Mitchiner 14 - 19 ( Group D ) , SNG Cop.
449 , SNG Kayhan 1013 , SNG Fitz .
4836 , SNG Lockett 2977 , SNG Hart 1005 , SNG Berry 1135 , SNG Delepierre 2787-2790 , SNG Tübingen 3648 , SNG von Aulock 8205 , SNG München Plate 1 , 1 , Dewing 2421 - 2423 , Winterthur 3672-3673 , Rosen 655-656 , Boston MFA 1763 - 1765 , Babelon Traité 6 , and BMC Lydia 7 .
It likely consists of about 54 percent gold , 44 percent silver , 2 percent copper , plus trace elements .
( Photo of this coin courtesy of Electrum USA Ltd . )
Varieties
The first major variety of the Lydian Lion trite , Weidauer Type 15 / Mitchiner Group C , is distinguished from the second major variety , Weidauer Type 16 / Mitchiner Group D , in the following way :
It was more crudely designed , portrayed a different forehead knob shaped like a cross instead of a sunburst ( likely a more primitively rendered sunburst ) , and portrayed a lion 's mane with hatch marks pointing up in the shape of chevrons instead of down in the shape of Vs. Weidauer Type 15 / Mitchiner Group C is believed by Kraay , [ 87 ] Jeffrey Spier , [ 88 ]
Mitchiner [ 89 ] , and others to be earlier -- perhaps by a decade or two .
Robinson pointed out that the last coins in this series feature a lion 's eye that 's smaller and less triangular and a forehead knob that shrinks to a discreet pellet . [ 90 ]
The many die links of the earlier variety , Weidauer Type 15 / Mitchiner Group C , indicate it was minted over a far shorter period of time than this later variety , Weidauer Type 16 / Mitchiner Group D , which was minted in far greater numbers .
Because these later coins show evidence of few die links , this indicates they were minted over a longer period of time .
Varieties identified as Weidauer Types 17 and 18 or Mitchiner Groups A and B are rare coins carrying an inscription and sometimes part of another lion head that confronts the first one .
The truncation of the other lion head indicates that these coins may have been struck on a die larger than the planchet , preventing part of the design from appearing .
There are no bona fide extant staters , however , showing both heads in full .
If such coins existed , they existed in very small numbers .
A number of attempts have been made to explain these rare truncated issues .
One possibility is that they resulted from early trial issues -- early experiments -- with the dies used for them soon cut down in size to produce the more practical trites .
The crude attempts at the letterforms , and the difficulty today in reading them , support this being a failed experiment .
But Lydian confronting - head types exist with smaller fractions as well .
So another possibility is that the dies were deliberately designed so the coins could be struck with either a lion head facing right or left .
Type 17 / Group B carries the inscription , depending on how it's read and transliterated , of " Walwet , " " Walwel , " " Welwes , " " Welwet , " " Valvet , " " Valvel , " or " Valvei , " which has been variously interpreted , including Alyattes , Of the King , lion , a local governor , a mint official , a private merchant , a mint , a river , or an Anatolian deity .
One Type 17 / Group B variety , seldom seen , depicts the lion facing left .
Weidauer Type 18 / Mitchiner Group
A carries the inscription " Kukas , " " Kalil , " " Kalim , " " Rkalil , " " Rkalim , " " Rhas , " " Kikalil , " or " Kukalim , " depending on how it 's read , which has also been variously interpreted , including Gyges , Ardys , Sadyattes , a government official , or Alyattes ' wife .
Karwiese as have others before him argued that the Type 17 / Group B inscription means Alyattes , or more completely , " I am of Alyattes " ( Walwet is short for Walwettes , which is the Lydian name for Alyattes ) , and the Type 18 / Group A inscription refers to another member of the royal family , perhaps his wife , who is thought to have played an important role at the court . [ 91 ]
Mitchiner agreed with the Type 17 / Group B Alyattes translation but argued that Type 18 / Group A was earlier , with the inscription meaning Sadyattes , who was Alyattes ' predecessor .
Wallace , through his examination of the reverse punches , concluded that some Type 18 / Group A specimens were minted after some Type 17 / Group B coins , meaning that the inscription could n't mean Sadyattes or any other predecessor of Alyattes and instead stood for a member of Alyattes ' royal family , which is in line with Karwiese 's thinking .
Mitchiner feels that Type 17 / Group B and Type 18 / Group A both precede Type 15 / Group C and the more common Type 16 / Group D. Wallace , more convincingly , argued that Type 15 / Group C , Type 17 / Group B , and Type 18 / Group A were all contemporaneous and preceded Type 16 / Group D . [ 92 ]
Mitchiner suggested that the inscriptions were used on the coins of Sadyattes and the first coins of Alyattes to clearly identify the issuer , with the inscriptions on later Group C and D Alyattes coins no longer needed .
The 15 years he allots for Type 16 / Group D , however , is likely too short to account for all the die varieties in existence .
What 's more , he does n't account for why Kroisos did n't put his inscription on his first coins .
Wallace argued , more credibly , that Type 17 / Group B and Type 18 / Group A were experiments .
Less credibly , Wallace argued that Kroisos / Croesus assumed power not in 561 or 560 BC , as is widely believed , but as early as c. 580 BC .
Though he does n't state it explicitly , this would suggest that many Lydian Lions were minted by Kroisos / Croesus .
But Wallace 's only justification is that he's " quite sure " that Herodotos made up some of his facts upon which the Kroisos / Croesus dating is based ; he does n't expound on why he 's quite sure . [ 93 ]
Nonetheless , at least one auction house has begun to attribute Lydian Lions to " Time of Alyattes II to Kroisos . "
As things currently stand , it makes little sense to redate Kroisos ' and Alyattes ' reigns , and the only electrum coins that can be securely attributed to Kroisos are rare transitional electrum pieces featuring Kroisos ' iconography of a lion confronting a bull .
The auction house that attributed these coins this way appears to have reverted to its previous attributions .
Lydian Lion trite sunburst .
Sometimes described as a nose wart , this design appears on the forehead of Lydian Lion electrum coins .
Type 15 trites portray a crudely designed sunburst , shaped like a cross , with four rays .
Most Type 16 Lydian Lions feature a sunburst that has five rays , like the above specimen , but the number of rays can range from three to seven .
Sunburst
There 's also much disagreement about the design device on or above the lion 's forehead on these coins .
It has been called , undoubtedly among other things , a nose wart , hairy knob on nose , tuft of hair on forehead , globular protuberance on nose , prominent knob , forehead knob , forehead protuberance , spiky protuberance on forehead , claw , radiate globule on forehead , rayed knob on forehead , star - shaped protuberance , radiate star , comet , sun , rising sun , and sunburst .
The most likely , and most intriguing , explanation is that it was meant as a sun symbol .
Later coins minted in Lydia depicted a stand - alone sunburst or star symbol , including those of Alexander III and Philip III and cistophoric coinage .
The Lydian Lion sunburst i s too far above the nose to be a nose wart .
On well struck and preserved specimens , the clearly delineated rays indicate that it 's more than a generic bump .
It can have from three to seven lines , so it was not likely meant as a claw .
One possibility is that it may have been intended to be seen as the sun off in the distance behind the lion 's head rather than attached to the forehead .
But latter coins and earlier sculpture , using a similar device , clearly show it attached to the lion 's forehead .
This does n't mean these devices can't still be sun symbols , which go all the way back to the beginnings of civilization , and before ; sunbursts and their cousins , halos , are still used as symbols of divinity .
What it does mean is that the lion gains complexity .
Robinson suggested that the lion - with - sunburst was an attribute or symbol of Sandon ( Sandan , Sandas , Sandes , Santesh , Shamash ) , the Hittite / Babylonian sun , storm , or warrior god who the Greeks equated with Herakles ( though the Hittites regarded him more as a Zeus - type figure ) and who the Lydians believed their royal house descended from . [ 94 ]
Sardis ( Sardes , Sardeis ) , the capital of Lydia , may have been named after Sandon .
Hanfmann , less persuasively , argued that lions on Lydian artifacts were meant as an attribute of Kybele ( Cybele , Kuvava ) , [ 95 ] the Anatolian mother goddess who the Greeks sometimes equated with Demeter .
Rather than a sun symbol , Karwiese contended that the forehead device is an abstraction of a feline brow bunching up as the lion roars , an explanation that though creative seems unlikely . [ 96 ]
Whatever its genesis , the lion - with - sunburst was the heraldic emblem , the dynastic badge , used by the kings of Lydia , the Mermnad dynasty , to indicate their legitimacy to rule . [ 97 ]
Lions in general show up with " enormous " frequency in Lydian art , according to Hanfmann . [ 98 ]
In ancient literature , the Lydian king was described as carrying a lion cub around the walls of the Sardian acropolis as protection against attack . [ 99 ]
The lion - with - sunburst design was also used beforehand by the Hittites , Assyrians , and Babylonians [ 100 ] and afterward by the Parthians .
Lions on early coinage were far from unique to Lydia .
The lion in fact was the most frequently used device on sixth century BC coinage , used elsewhere in Asia Minor and nearby islands including Miletos , Samos , Smyrna , Kyzikos , Termera , Knidos , Kamiros , Lindos , Mylasa , and Cyprus as well as on the coins of Velia in Italy and Akanthos in Macedonia .
Lion paw electrum 48th stater ( 0.27g ) .
This coin features on the obverse a lion 's paw .
There 's disagreement over whether these fractions are Lydian .
( Photo of this coin courtesy of Classical Numismatic Group . )
Denominations Besides the trite , other Lydian Lion denominations are collectible , some more than others .
The stater features the entire forepart of a lion rather than its head but is exceedingly rare and , as previously noted , is likely not an issue of Lydia at all .
T he sixth stater ( hekte ) and twelfth stater ( hemihekte ) , which feature a lion 's head like the trite , are common enough but are seen less often than the trite , though they 're typically less expensive because of their smaller size .
The twenty - fourth , forty - eighth , and ninety - sixth staters typically feature a lion 's paw , sometimes a lion 's head , sometimes just a featureless blob , and are seen even less often , as is typical of very small fractions , which circulated more and were hoarded less than larger coins .
There 's much uncertainty with fractions below the twelfth .
Mitchiner contended that these are n't coins of Lydia but issues of the Ionian Greeks , arguing that the style of the lion and the incuse punch are more Greek than Lydian . [ 101 ]
Karwiese disputed this , pointing to die links with the larger coins . [ 102 ]
Rosen 658 is a lion head forty - eighth stater that Rosen ( Nancy M. Waggoner ) attributed to Lydia , while Rosen 659 and SNG von Aulock 8208 ( same coin ) is an electrum lion head ninety - sixth stater that both references attribute to Lydia , though Waggoner acknowledged questions about both of these attributions .
Rosen 283 and 284 are electrum lion 's paw twenty - fourth staters that are listed in the " Asia Minor : Uncertain " section but that are described as being " probably Lydian . "
Rosen 302 is an electrum lion 's paw forty - eighth stater and Rosen 303 an electrum lion 's head forty - eighth stater that are also listed in the " Asia Minor : Uncertain " section , but Waggoner mentioned that Rosen 302-303 and SNG Berry 1031 - 1033 are similar coins that SNG Berry tentatively attributed to Caria , which is just south of Lydia and Ionia .
Head in BMC Lydia listed but did n't illustrate lion head twenty - fourth , forty - eighth , and ninety - sixth staters that he attributed to Lydia .
Head described the twenty - fourth stater as having a globule on the lion 's forehead and one of the forty - eighth staters as having a tuft of hair on the lion 's forehead , which are good arguments for these issues being Lydian .
The possibility exists that the lion head pieces were minted in Lydia and the lion paw fractions were minted elsewhere .
Lydian electrum trite with nine countermarks .
Unlike later coins in which countermarks were used to certify that a coin was of good metal or was legal tender in a location other than where it was minted , countermarks on these very early coins are likely marks of ownership .
Countermarks Many Lydian
Lions have countermarks , with some individual pieces having more than ten , all different , on the obverse , reverse , and edge .
The countermarked coin illustrated above has nine countermarks .
The most countermarks I 've seen or read about on one of these coins is eighteen .
A. R. Bellinger wrote that the countermarks on Lydian Lions " were doubtless intended to identify individual pieces for their owners " since the countermarks he observed on Gordion Hoard coins were all different .
Because of the number of different countermarks on Lydian Lions , it 's unlikely that they served as money changers ' stamps to mark them as acceptable currency , as countermarks did on later ancient Greek coinage , though this has also been disputed . [ 103 ]
I believe that the fourree I 've illustrated below , with eight different countermarks , proves that countermarks on these first coins could n't have been used as marks of authenticity .
It 's illogical to think that eight different testers would have certified this underweight counterfeit as being authentic .
You can feel the difference in weight , about 28 percent lighter , just by holding the coin in your hand .
And unlike some later coins , Lydian Lions did n't circulate beyond the area in which they were minted , so there 's no likelihood that they were countermarked in a foreign land to certify them as official currency .
First coin above : Lion head electrum hemihekte .
This coin , like similar issues thought by many numismatists to be ancient imitations of Lydian electrum coins , features a crude outline of a lion 's head .
It may have been minted by the Kimmerians or Thracians .
More likely though it was n't an imitative issue at all but instead an official issue of Kolophon or Priene .
( Photo of this coin courtesy of Harlan J. Berk . )
Second coin above : Lion head electrum trite ( 4.66g ) .
This coin appears to have a much better claim to be a Kimmerian or Thracian imitative of a Lydian lion head coin .
It 's higher relief , and the reverse incuse is n't designed .
( Photo of this coin courtesy of Classical Numismatic Group . )
Imitatives Variants of Lydian Lion coinage with a crudely rendered low - relief outline of a lion , typically depicting t he lion facing right , sometimes left , include coins usually attributed as " barbarous imitations . "
If they are in fact imitative issues , they may have been struck by the Kimmerians ( Cimmerians ) from the north , who overran central Asia Minor and a significant part of the Lydian Empire during much of the seventh century BC , or they may have been struck by the Thracians allied with them , who imitated later Greek coinage .
Examples of these coins , all attributed as barbarous issues , are pictured in Sear 's Greek Coins and Their Values ( SG 3406 ) , The Weber Collection : Greek Coins ( Weber 6769 ) , Weidauer 's Probleme der frühen Elektronprägung ( Weidauer 117 - 118 ) , Seltman 's Greek Coins : A History of Metallic Currency and Coinage Down to the Fall of the Hellenistic Kingdoms ( Seltman Plate 1 , 14 ) , Babelon 's Traité des monnaies grecques et romaines ( Babelon Traité 56 ) , and Head 's Catalogue of Greek Coins in the British Museum : Lydia ( BMC Lydia 27 ) .
A hekte of the same type is pictured above .
SNG Kayhan , on the other other hand , categorized these coins under " Early Electrum from Uncertain Mints in Ionia . "
Mitchiner also does n't feel these pieces are Lydian imitatives , and he reattributed them as official coinage from Kolophon or Priene . [ 104 ]
As he illustrated , other very early official coinage also exhibits similar crude , low - relief designs .
What 's more , the reverse style of the alleged imitatives , more designed , is completely different from the style used by the Lydians for their punches .
This does n't mean that the Kimmerians , Thracians , or other peoples did n't imitate Lydian lion head electrum coins .
The trite illustrated above , for instance , appears to be crudely engraved in an imitative or barbarous fashion , but it more clearly uses the Lydian trite as a prototype .
Lydian electrum trite fourree with eight countermarks ( 3.41g ) .
The diagnostics of this ancient fake are its low weight and the exposed silver interior .
The electrum plating has worn off in some areas , leaving the silver interior exposed at the high points of the obverse and reverse .
The impressed areas wound up with thinner plating , which caused the interior silver to be also exposed at the incuse square and countermarks .
The dark areas show uncleaned darkly toned silver .
Fakes Contemporaneous plated counterfeits ( fourrees ) , having silver , billon , or lead cores , were struck as well .
If Lydian Lions were the first true coins , these were the first counterfeit coins .
Deceptive plated precoin ingots were made as well .
Fourrees of Lydian Lions are much more difficult to find than official issues .
Fourrees of these coins are also seen more with smaller fractions than with trites .
The reason for this may be that it was easier to deceive with the smaller pieces , the weight difference between them and official coins being less , so more fourree fractions were made in ancient times .
Since 2003
I 've seen only three trite fourrees on the market .
One was sold as a fourree , one as a " possible ancient counterfeit , " and the above specimen , despite its low weight , was sold as an official coin .
The European auction house mistook the exposed toned and cleaned silver for " black and silver deposits . "
Plating a gold / electrum coin in ancient times was done using a number of different techniques .
The most common , foil gilding , involved wrapping gold / electrum foil around a roughened planchet and securing it by tapping it with a hammer , burnishing it , and heating it before striking the coin .
All fourrees were plated before being struck to prevent loss of detail .
The flans of some Lydian Lions show evidence of light - colored platinum group inclusions .
These bits of metal were in the original matrix and did n't separate out during the refining process , which is thought to have involved " cupellation " with heat , to separate gold and silver from copper and lead , and " cementation " with salt , to separate silver from gold . [ 105 ]
Such inclusions may detract from eye appeal but can be one indication of authencity .
Modern counterfeits of Lydian Lions , according to counterfeit coin expert Robert Kokotailo , are seldom seen because these coins , on one hand , are n't among the most pricey , and on the other hand , do n't have mass market appeal . [ 106 ]
I found three Lydian trite forgeries documented in the Bulletin on Counterfeits , two in the Vol. 22 ( 1997 ) , No. 1 issue , one in the Vol. 20 ( 1995 ) , No. 1 issue .
The diagnostics include the following : the metal is too red or brown , the obverse fields are too flat , and the reverse incuse punch is too regular in shape .
Lydian electrum trite plastic replica .
Severely underweight at just 0.4 grams , this is an obvious replica , made of plastic and gold painted .
It 's the correct size , and from its online picture , it does n't look terribly inauthentic , though it 's a bit muddy looking and the coloration is too saturated .
Novelty pieces such as this are n't dangerous .
Modern Turkish gold proof commemorative coin .
This noncirculating coin , minted by the Turkish State Mint as a collectible , has a face value of 1 million lira , which when the coin was minted in 1997 was the equivalent of about $ 10 .
Compared with Lydian Lion trites , the coin is undersized , weighing 1.24g and measuring 14.0 mm in diameter .
It consists of .999 gold and has a reeded edge .
It commemorates the Weidauer Type 15 / Mitchiner Group C Lydian lion trite , Lydia being a kingdom whose territory was within present - day Turkey .
The obverse inscription translates into " First coin of the world , Lydia , 640 BC . "
This dating is likely a bit too early , and the hatches of the lion 's mane point in the wrong direction .
The reverse inscription translates into " Turkish Republic . "
You can find current and past Turkish State Mint commemorative coins at its excellent Web site .
Modern Lydian
Mint proof quarter - ounce gold bullion coin .
As a bullion coin , this piece , minted by the Lydian Mint , a private mint in Ann Arbor , Mich. , is a way to invest in gold .
Compared with Lydian Lion trites , the coin is oversized , weighing 0.25 troy oz . ( 7.79g ) and measuring 22.0 mm in diameter .
It consists of .999 gold and has a reeded edge .
The obverse is based on the design of ancient Lydian electrum trites , hektes , and hemihektes , the reverse on the design of smaller ancient electrum fractions from Lydia or elsewhere in Asia Minor .
It contains three times as much gold as the approximately 2.6g of gold in Lydian trites .
The Lydian Mint also produces 1 troy oz .
gold bullion pieces as well as 1 oz .
and 1/4 oz . silver bullion pieces using the same design .
More at its website .
Endnotes [ 1 ]
As is customary in numismatics , I 'm using the term " stater " here , which the ancient Greeks used and which in ancient times meant " weigher " or " that which balances the scales . "
A stater was the standard denomination upon which the smaller denominations were based , and it could refer to an electrum , gold , or silver coin .
The term " trite " was also used by the ancient Greeks as a denomination of electrum coins , for one - third of an electrum stater .
Silver fractions were typically referred to as drachms , obols , and so on instead of as trites , hektes , and so on .
M. Mitchiner in his recently published Ancient Trade and Early Coinage , Hawkins Publications , London , 2004 , p. 215 , makes a case that instead of " stater " a more appropriate term that should be used in conjunction with these Lydian coins is " shekel , " which was a traditional Mesopotamian term for a given weight of bullion , which became the term for the standard coin denomination of the Asian kingdoms and many Eastern cities , and which the Greeks subsequently Hellenized to " stater . "
The term " shekel " or " shiklus " goes back to ancient Sumer , according to R. Mundell in " The Birth of Coinage , " scheduled to be published in the Zagreb Journal of Economics , http://www.columbia.edu/cu/economics/discpapr/DP0102-08.pdf, pp. 5 , 6 . Sumer is the most often theorized location for the beginning of civilization . [ 2 ]
S. Karwiese in " The Artemisium Coin Hoard and the First Coins of Ephesus , " Revue belge de numismatique 137 ( 1991 ) , p. 8 , indicated at that time he had counted 436 extant Lydian Lion Head specimens from published hoards and auction and sales catalogs . [ 3 ]
Numerous claims have been made for other sources of origin for the first coin .
Disputing each is beyond the scope of this article .
As just three examples , C. Thompson argued for Cisjordan ( Israel and the West Bank of the Jordan River ) in her article " Sealed Silver in Iron Age Cisjordan and the ' Invention of Coinage ' , " Oxford Journal of Archeology 22 , 1 ( 2003 ) , pp. 67-107 ; T. Chandler argued for Jerusalem in his article " Hypothetical History : Scrabble of the Ancient World , " Celator , May 1992 , pp. 42 , 43 ; and M. Balmuth argued for northern Syria in her paper " Remarks on the Appearance of the Earliest Coins , " Studies Presented to George M.A. Hanfmann , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 1971 , pp. 1 - 7 .
In " A Hoard of Early Multi- Denominational Electrum Coins , " SAN Vol. XXI ( 2002 ) , pp. 17-19 , E. McFadden did n't explicitly argue for Western Asia Minor " geometric " electrum as being the first coinage , but he did argue that these coins , which feature a geometric pattern on both obverse and reverse , may have preceded coins that feature a typeless punch for a reverse . [ 4 ]
N. Mahajan puts forth the contention that India developed the world 's first coins in a book scheduled to be published by S. Hirano .
On the other hand , M. Mitchiner , pp. 741-742 , argued as others have before him that Indian coins developed from Western prototypes , which Indians came in contact with through Babylonian traders .
D. Schaps ,
The Invention of Coinage and the Monetization of Ancient Greece , University of Michigan Press , Ann Arbor , 2004 , pp. 232-234 , disagrees , feeling that Indian coins developed independently of Lydian and Greek coins , but later than them . [ 5 ]
Coins are generally thought to have developed independently in China , with the first coin - like devices being cast bronze miniatures of hoes , spades , and knives .
They eventually carried inscriptions and mint marks , perhaps first appearing this way c. 700 BC , according to M. Tameanko , " The Coins of Hsienyang -- City of the First Emperor of China , " Celator , July 2005 , pp. 6 - 23 .
The first inscribed round metal disks , without designs and with central holes so they could be carried on a string , appeared later , perhaps c. 300 BC , though some scholars have dated them earlier , with Tameanko dating them to c. 600 BC , about the time that coins were emerging in the West .
On the other hand , M. Mitchiner , pp. 1125-1126 , contended that Chinese coins developed from Olbian dolphin money brought to China by Skythian traders .
As with Indian coins , D. Schaps , pp. 234-235 , contended that Chinese coins developed independently but later than Lydian and Greek coins .
G. Davies , A History of Money : From Ancient Times to the Present Day , University of Wales Press , Cardiff , 1994 , pp.54 - 57 , 62 , contended that Chinese spade , hoe , and knife money preceded Lydian coinage but refers to them as " quasi- coins . " [ 6 ]
J. Porteous , " The Nature of Coinage , " Coins : An Illustrated Survey , 650 BC to the Present Day , edited by M. Price , Hamlyn , London , 1980 , pp. 9 - 12 , presents an outline of the introduction of coinage in several locations in the world .
S. Karwiese , p. 9 , called Lydian coins the " mother of all coinage . " [ 7 ]
E. Robinson , " The Coins from the Ephesian Artemision Reconsidered , " Journal of Hellenic Studies 71 ( 1951 ) , p. 159 ; G. Jenkins , Ancient Greek Coins , Seaby , London , 1990 , p. 14 . [ 8 ]
The Greeks initially used the term " white gold " but eventually used " elektron , " a word that became " electrum " to the Romans .
Following the Roman naturalist Pliny in the first century AD ( Natural History 33.80 - 1 ) , most numismatists in modern times have defined electrum as gold alloyed with 20 percent or more silver . [ 9 ]
Carradice and Price , Coinage in the Greek World , Seaby , London , 1988 , p. 27 .
They postulated that the ninety - sixth stater was worth a day 's subsistence .
A third stater was worth 32 times more . [ 10 ]
R.M. Cook , " Speculations on the Origin of Coinage , " Historia 7 ( 1958 ) , p. 260 . [ 11 ]
R. Seaford , Money and the Early Greek Mind : Homer , Philosophy , Tragedy , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 2004 , p. 135 .
He postulated out that the ninety - sixth stater was worth about one - third of a goat . [ 12 ]
M. Mitchiner , p. 214 . [ 13 ]
As with virtually everything else about ancient coins , not everyone is in agreement with the eye appeal of Lydian trites .
R. Holloway described Lydian trites as being " artistically maladroit " in his article " The Date of the First Greek Coins : Some Arguments from Style and Hoards , " Belgian Review of Numismatics 130 ( 1984 ) , p. 8 . [ 14 ]
M. Price , " Thoughts on the Beginnings of Coinage , " Studies in Numismatic Method , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1983 , p. 4 ; S. Karwiese , p. 10 ; J. Spier , " Notes on Early Electrum Coinage and a Die- Linked Issue from Lydia , " Studies in Greek Numismatics in Memory of Martin Jessop Price , Spink & Son , London , 1998 , p. 328 . [ 15 ]
C. Kraay , Archaic and Classical Greek Coins , Methuen & Co. , London , 1976 , pp. 21 , 22 . [ 16 ]
E. Robinson , p. 164 . [ 17 ]
C. Seltman , Greek Coins : A History of Metallic Currency and Coinage Down to the Fall of the Hellenistic Kingdoms , Methuen & Co. , London , 1933 , p. 16 . [ 18 ]
" Certification by the state is one of the ways in which coinage is quite different from anything that had performed money functions in the past , " R. Seaford , p. 114 .
Types " confer official character upon the coin , and in effect declare the readiness of the issuing authority to receive it back in payment , " C. Kraay , p. 321 .
The modern numismatic term " type , " meaning design imprinted onto a coin 's surface , comes from the ancient Greek word typos , meaning the effect or imprint of a blow , Carradice and Price , p. 25 . [ 19 ]
M. Mitchiner , pp. 210-211 . [ 20 ]
R. Seaford , pp. 115-118 ; M. Balmuth , p. 2 ; R. Holloway , Catalogue of the Classical Collection , Museum of Art , Rhode Island School of Design , Brown University , Providence , 1998 . [ 21 ]
Whether civilization first emerged in Mesopotamia or Egypt is another issue that 's currently debated by scholars , though Mesopotamia appears to have the stronger case . [ 22 ]
C. Opitz provides a comprehensive discussion of primitive money in his book An Ethnographic Study of Traditional Money : A Definition of Money and Descriptions of Traditional Money , First Impressions Printing , Ocala , 2000 . [ 23 ]
J. Spier , p. 331 .
For a photo of one , see Sear 3397 . [ 24 ]
M. Mitchiner , pp. 210 and 219 .
On the other hand , S. Karwiese , p. 12 , disagrees with Mitchiner , arguing that the same type is repeated on later Lydian coins of Kroisos .
This follows a long numismatic tradition of identifying these staters as Lydian , but this tradition appears to be in need of revision .
L. Breglia , " Il materiale proveniente dalla base centrale dell ' Artemession di Efeso e le monete di Lidia , " Istituto Italiano di Numismatica Annali Vols . 18-19 ( 1971/72 ) , pp. 9 - 25 . [ 25 ]
S. Karwiese , p. 15 . [ 26 ]
M. Price , pp. 6 , 7 ; S. Karwiese , p. 23 ; I. Carradice , Greek Coins , University of Texas Press , Austin , 1995 , p. 22 . [ 27 ]
R. Wallace , " The Origin of Electrum Coinage , " American Journal of Archeology 91 ( 1987 ) , p. 386 ; C. Howgego , Ancient History from Coins , Routledge , London , 1995 , pp. 3 , 4 . With his four articles and papers dealing extensively with Lydian Lions published from 1987 to 2006 , Robert W. Wallace has written broadly and deeply about the subject . [ 28 ]
S. Karwiese , p. 8 . [ 29 ]
D. Kagan , " The Dates of the Earliest Coins , " American Journal of Archeology 86 ( 1982 ) , p. 358 .
Kagan himself , however , opposed this majority - view thinking . [ 30 ]
" There is a widespread view that the first coin was created in Western Turkey , by the Lydians , " according to R. Mundell , p. 14 .
C. Thompson , p. 68 ; M. Kroll , review of G. Le Rider 's La naissance de la monnaie , Schwizerische Numismatische Rundschau 80 ( 2001 ) , p. 526 ; and D. Sear , Greek Coins and Their Values Vol. 2 , Seaby , London , 1979 , p. 317 , made similar statements .
In the nineteenth and early twentieth century , numismatists exhibited a prejudice toward the ancient Greeks and the superiority of Greek culture and against the East and could n't fathom how the Lydians , possibly descended from the Hittites , could have beaten the Greeks , originators of Western civilization , to such a culturally and economically important invention .
E. Babelon encapsulated this sentiment with his statement that such a clever invention as coinage must have come from the Ionian Greeks , as reported by C. Seltman , p. 15 .
Babelon attributed Lydian Lions as Greek coins of Miletos in Traité des monnaies grecques et romaines , Renouard , Paris , 1907 . [ 31 ]
How widespread the belief was in ancient times that the Lydians were the source of the first coins is uncertain .
E. Pászthory made the statement that Lydian coinage was generally recognized in antiquity as the earliest known coinage in his article " Investigation of the Early Electrum Coins of the Alyattes Type , " Metallurgy in Numismatics Vol. 1 , Metcalf and Oddy , Royal Numismatic Society , London , 1980 , p. 151 , and others have made similar statements , though without definitive support .
The fifth century BC Greek historian Herodotos ( Herodotus ) wrote famously , but ambiguously , that the Lydians were the first to use gold and silver coins in his Histories ( I.94 ) .
He could have been referring to the later pure gold and silver coins of Kroisos ( Croesus ) or to the gold - and - silver alloyed ( electrum ) coins of the earlier period .
Still , as Carradice and Price , p. 24 , point out , Herodotos ' statement is usually thought to refer to the invention of coinage in general .
Xenophanes , a Greek philosopher who lived in the sixth century BC , was quoted as saying that the Lydians were the first to strike coins , but he was quoted four centuries later by the Greek rhetorician Pollux in his ten-volume Onamasticon ( 9 , 83 ) .
Pollux also suggested other possible inventors of coinage . [ 32 ]
The Lydian ruling class may have been descended from the Hittites , who like the Lydians ( and unlike the Assyrians ) spoke an Indo - European language .
On the other hand , Hanfmann , p. 68 , says that the Lydian connection to the Hittite Empire , at least according to archeological evidence , is " tenuous . "
The Hittites may , or may not , have been the same people referred to in the Bible as the Hittites or more accurately the Hethites ( Children of Heth ) .
The Hittites dominated western Asia from c. 1600 to 1200 BC , including Lydia , and were renowned for their use of iron and chariots .
The Hittites were defeated c. 1200 BC by the Sea Peoples , who may have been the Philistines of the Bible ( the word " Palestine " is derived from " Philistine " ) , though more likely the Philistines were one of several different Sea Peoples , including the Achaeans , or early Greeks , who pirated and pillaged , contributing to a dark age that lasted until c. 800 BC or somewhat later .
Lydia enjoyed more than six centuries of relative independence after the fall of the Hittite Empire until its defeat by Cyrus the Great of Persia c. 546 BC , according to M. Mellink , " The Native Kingdoms of Anatolia , " Cambridge Ancient History , Vol. III , Part 2 : The Assyrian and Babylonian Empires and Other States of the Near East , from the Eighth to the Sixth Centuries BC , edited by I . Edwards , et. al. , Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , 1991 , p. 621 .
At the time of the first coinage , because of close contacts with the Ionian Greeks , Lydia was significantly Hellenized , according to Hanfmann , Seaford , and others .
After the conquest of Asia by Alexander the Great in the fourth century BC and the Roman conquest in the second century BC , the Lydians were completely assimilated . [ 33 ]
A. Spawforth , " Jason and the Golden Fleece , " Minerva Vol. 1 No. 7 ( 9/90 ) , pp. 13 -17 ; G. Jenkins , p. 14 . [ 34 ]
A. Ramage , " Golden Sardis , " King Croesus ' Gold : Excavations at Sardis and the History of Gold Refining , edited by A. Ramage and P. Craddock , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 2000 , p. 14 . [ 35 ]
E. Curtius , The History of Greece Vol. 1 , Richard Bentley & Son , London , 1868 , p. 76 .
M. Mitchiner , p. 206 , also wrote about the importance of the Lydians in intermediating between Asia and Greek sea traders . [ 36 ]
G. Hanfmann , " Lydian Culture and Society , " Sardis from Prehistoric to Roman Times , edited by G. Hanfmann , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 1983 , pp. 67 , 98 .
Taking this line of thinking further , it can be enjoyable to trace Western civilization today back to Renaissance Europe , Rome , Greece , Lydia , Babylonia , Egypt , and Sumer , allowing for numerous other influences along the way .
Admittedly oversimplifying , the Renaissance gave us independent thought ( again ) , the Romans organization and Christianity , the Greeks science and democracy , the Lydians coinage , the Babylonians codified law , the Egyptians advanced mathematics , astronomy , and medicine , and the Sumerians writing , the wheel , bricks , sewers , and how we tell time .
Viewed from this perspective , the contribution by the Lydians was relatively unimportant ... unless you 're a coin collector . [ 37 ]
M. Mitchiner , p. 206 . [ 38 ]
H erodotos , Histories I.94 .
Herototos was likely referring to the signicant role that retailing played in Lydian society .
The importance of the merchant class in Lydia is supported by the use in Lydia of a term for a legally defined societal class , agoraios or " People of the Market , " according to G. Hanfmann , p. 80 .
That Herodotos was exaggerating is almost self - evident .
D. Schaps , p. 47 , points out that fixed places for retail trade certainly existed in Mesopotamia before this time and that few societies throughout history , in fact , have had no type of market exchange . [ 39 ]
G. Hanfmann , p. 69 . [ 40 ]
G. Hanfmann , p. 83 . [ 41 ]
Many in ancient times wrote about " Golden Sardis , " including such Greeks as Archilochos , Herodotos , Xenophon , Diodorus Siculus , Dio Chrysostom , Pausanias , Lukian , and Diogenes Laertes , according to Ramage , Goldstein , and Mierse , " Lydian Excavation Sectors , " Sardis from Prehistoric to Roman Times , edited by G. Hanfmann , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 1983 , p. 38 . [ 42 ]
M. Mellink , p. 646 . [ 43 ]
G. Hanfmann , p. 88 .
Even so , neither Lydia nor Greece achieved the mass literacy of industrialized society today .
A maximum of 20 to 30 percent literacy was achieved in the ancient world , and even here it occurred in Hellenistic cities , according to W. Harris , Ancient Literacy , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 1989 .
Harris pointed out that the literacy rate in both archaic and classical Greece as a whole was likely no more than 10 percent . [ 44 ]
" Through the history of money , countries have sought to use the profits from overvaluation as a fiscal
resource .
The extent to which they are able to exploit this resource depends on the power of the state
and the extent of its empire , " according to R. Mundell , p. 12 . [ 45 ]
R. Wallace , " Remarks on the Value and Standards of Early Electrum Coins , " Hacksilber to Coinage : New Insights into the Monetary History of the Near East and Greece , American Numismatic Society , New York , 2001 , p. 127 ; M. Cowell , K. Hyne , N. Meeks , P. Craddock . , " Analyses of the Lydian Electrum , Gold and Silver Coinages , " Metallurgy in Numismatics Vol. 4 ( 1998 ) , p. 529 . [ 46 ]
M. Cowell et. al. , pp. 529-530 ; Keyser and Clark , pp. 105-126 ; M. Cowell and K. Hyne , " Scientific Examination of the Lydian Precious Metal Coinages , " King Croesus ' Gold : Excavations at Sardis and the History of Gold Refining , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 2000 , pp. 169-174 .
Some scholars have reported that these coins have varying amounts of gold .
But this likely results from the imprecision of testing methodologies .
Different tests can come up with different results for the same coin .
What 's more , surface enrichment , deposits , and porosity can all compromise results .
Previous testing by various people has shown that Lydian Lion electrum coins have a more consistent gold content than some other early electrum coins , which likely were other early experiments in seigniorage profit making . [ 47 ]
Gold can be found in nature in relatively pure form or alloyed with other metals .
Some scholars , such as Ramage and Craddock , and M. Mitchiner , pp. 206-208 , believe that the Lydians only later , during the time of Kroisos , learned to refine pure gold from gold alloys .
But the archeological evidence suggests that pure gold may have been refined at Sardis as early as the third millennium BC , according to G. Hanfmann , p. 76 .
Furthermore , textual evidence suggests that pure gold was being refined in Mesopotamia in the second millennium BC , according to P. Keyser and D. Clark , " Analyzing and Interpreting the Metallurgy of Early Electrum Coins , " Hacksilber to Coinage : New Insights into the Monetary History of the Near East and Greece , American Numismatic Society , New York , 2001 , p. 110 .
Hanfmann pointed out that there 's no proof of continuity into the first millennium BC , though it seems unlikely that such an important technology would have been lost even during the " dark age " that followed the fall of the Hittite Empire c. 1200 BC .
Mundell , p. 28 , points out that the Egyptians were refining gold as early as c. 2000 BC . [ 48 ]
S. Bolin , S tate and Currency in the Roman Empire to 300 AD , Almqvist and Wiksell , Stockholm , 1958 , p. 36 . [ 49 ]
T. Carney , The Shape of the Past : Models and Antiquity , Coronado Press , Lawrence , 1975 , pp. 103 , 104 . [ 50 ]
S. Frankel , Money and Liberty , AEI Press , Oxford , 1980 , pp. 15 -17 . [ 51 ]
G. Hanfmann , pp. 76 , 77 . [ 52 ]
M. Price , p. 7 . [ 53 ]
A. Fürtwangler , " Neue Beobachtungen zur frühesten Munzprägung , " Revue suisse de numismatique 65 ( 1986 ) , pp. 153-165 . [ 54 ]
C arradice and Price , p. 28 . [ 55 ]
J. Melville - Jones , " The Value of Electrum in Greece and Asia , " Studies in Greek Numismatics in Memory of Martin Jessop Price , ed. by R. Ashton , Spink , London , 1998 , p. 263 . [ 56 ]
R. Mundell , pp. 30 - 32 . [ 57 ]
Keyser and Clark , p. 116 . [ 58 ]
G. Le Rider , La naissance de la monnaie : Practiques monétaires de l'Orient ancien t , Presses universitaires de France , Paris , 2001 , pp. 85-100 . [ 59 ]
K. Konuk , From Kroisos to Karia , Graphis Matbaa , Istanbul , 2003 , p. 34 . [ 60 ]
R. Wallace , " The Origin of Electrum Coinage , " pp. 390-392 , as well as " Remarks on the Value and Standards of Early Electrum Coins , " p. 127 . [ 61 ]
A. Ramage , p. 17 . [ 62 ]
J. Kroll , pp. 204-206 . [ 63 ]
In an October 2 , 2003 , e-mail interview . [ 64 ]
R. Wallace , " The Origin of Electrum Coinage , " p. 386 . [ 65 ]
C. Kraay , p. 318 .
Also earlier in " Hoards , Small Change , and the Origin of Coinage , " Journal of the Hellenistic Studies 84 ( 1964 ) , p. 89 .
But R. Wallace disagreed with this in " On the Production and Exchange of Early Anatolian Electrum Coinages , " L'or Perse et l'Histoire Grecque , Table ronde CNRS , Bordeaux , 1989 , pp. 93 , 94 .
He stated that the relatively low gold content of electrum coins and the wear on many smaller coins indicates that they could have been used in commerce .
M. Price , in a comment at the end of the paper , disagreed with Wallace and supported Kraay 's view , stating that it 's unusual for early electrum coins to show significant wear and that it 's unlikely that even the smallest electrum fractions were regularly used in the marketplace .
M. Mitchiner , p. 214 , circumvented the high - value argument for Lydian electrum coins not being used in retail transactions by assigning a lower value to them .
But most numismatists seem to support the argument that Lydian electrum coins were n't used in retail markets . [ 66 ]
G. Hanfmann , pp. 73 , 77 .
R. Seaford , p. 128 , points out , " The nearly total lack of ... coins in the excavated commercial - industrial areas of Sardis suggests that they were concentrated in the hands of the king and possibly wealthy merchants . " [ 67 ]
J .
Kroll , " The Inscribed Treasury Record from Beneath the Archaic Artemisium at Ephesus ( IK Ephesos IA , No. 1 ) : Receipts in Gold and Silver Bullion and the Problem of Early Electrum , " paper presented at the XIII International Numismatic Congress in Madrid , Spain , Sept. 15 - 19 , 2003 ; G. Le Rider , chapter one . [ 68 ]
M. Mitchiner , p. 214 . [ 69 ]
C. Kraay , pp. 318-320 ; R. Wallace , " The Origin of Electrum Coinage , " p. 386 .
M. Mitchiner , pp. 213-214 , disputes this , contending that Lydia initiated coinage to facilitate trade .
His book , Ancient Trade and Early Coinage , has been criticized , however , for overemphasizing the importance of trade as a factor in early coinage .
As K. Konuk , p. 36 points out , " That [ Lydian Lions ] were specifically designed to facilitate trade or commerce is doubtful . "
Similarly , D. Schaps , p. 97 , wrote , " It is not ... likely that coins were designed ... to facilitate retail trade ....
The earliest coins not only were not invented for international trade but were not even used for it . " [ 70 ]
C. Howgego , " Why Did Ancient States Strike Coins ? " Numismatic Chronicle 150 ( 1990 ) , pp. 3 , 4 . [ 71 ]
Ancient literary sources are as inconclusive as modern numismatic sources about the purposes of the first coins .
Plato ( Republic ii , 371b , 8 , 9 ) and Aristotle ( Ethics v , 1133a , 17 - 20 , and Politics i , 1257a , 19 - 41 ) both speculated on the origins and purposes of coinage , but it 's clear they were talking about how coins had evolved to be used in their times .
People today are often guilty of the same , projecting current practices backward to account for original uses .
There 's no contemporaneous documentation regarding the reason coins came into existence , and the archeological evidence is inconclusive as well .
Economic and anthropological models are just that , models .
C. Howgego took this unsettled state of affairs to what I believe is an unjustifiable extreme with his statement , " We know nothing about the function of the earliest coinage , " in Ancient History from Coins , p. 3 .
It 's not without irony that the Lydians , known for their retail prowess , may have learned from the Greeks how to use coins for retailing . [ 72 ]
N. Cahill and J. Kroll , " New Archaic Coin Finds at Sardis , " American Journal of Archaeology , Vol. 109 , No. 4 ( October 2005 ) , p. 613 . [ 73 ]
Others also have made this assessment .
As A. Ramage , p. 18 , pointed out , Alyattes is a " frequent candidate " for the honor of the ruler responsible for minting the first coins . [ 74 ]
This is disputed as well , with some numismatists believing that Croesus did n't issue " croeseids . "
See I. Carradice , Coinage and Administration in the Athenian and Persian Empires , British Archaeological Reports , Oxford , 1987 , pp. 73-108 .
A. Ramage , p. 18 , argued persuasively based on the archeological evidence that Kroisos ( Croesus ) did in fact initiate bimetallic coinage .
Cahill and Kroll conclusively demonstrate that Kroisos did issue croeseids based upon new coin finds in an archeological context . [ 75 ]
L. Stecchini , " Gyges and Homer , " http://www.metrum.org/gyges . [ 76 ]
A. Bammer , " A Peripteros of the Geometric Period in the Artemision of Ephesus , " Anatolian Studies 40 ( 1990 ) , pp. 137-160 . [ 77 ]
B. Head , Catalogue of Greek Coins in the British Museum : Lydia ( BMC Lydia ) , British Museum , London , 1901 , pp. XVII - XXII , 1 - 5 , Plate 1 ; B. Head , Historia Numorum : A Manual of Greek Numismatics , Clarendon Press , Oxford , 1911 , pp. 643-645 .
Head believed the typeless electrum coinage , with striations , was likely initiated during the reign of Gyges , which he dated 687 - 652 BC in Historia Numorum , and that the Lydian Lion type coinage was initiated during the reign of Ardys , which he dated 652-615 BC . [ 78 ]
C. Kraay , p. 317 . [ 79 ]
M. Price , p. 4 . [ 80 ] G. Jenkins , p. 13 . [ 81 ]
I. Carradice , p. 23 . [ 82 ]
G. Le Rider , p. 65 . [ 83 ]
J. Milne , Greek Coinage , Clarendon Press , Oxford , 1931 , pp. 7 , 16 ; C. Seltman , p. 18 ; L. Weidauer , Probleme der frühen Elektronprägung , Office du Livre , Fribourg , 1975 ( English translation by Dane Kurth available via email for $ 20 through weidauerproject@gmail.com ) ; D. Kagan , pp. 343-360 ; R. Mundell , p. 32 ; G. Browne , " A New Lydian Text , " Kadmos 39 ( 2000 ) , pp. 177 , 178 . [ 84 ]
M. Vickers , " Early Greek Coinage , A Reassessment , " Numismatic Chronicle 145 ( 1985 ) , pp. 1 - 44 ; M. Weissl , " Grundzüge der Bau - und Schichtenfolge im Artemision von Ephesos , " Jahresheftedes Österreichischen Archäologischen Instituts in Wien , Band 71 ( 2002 ) , pp. 313-346 . [ 85 ]
W. Sayles , Ancient Coin Collecting II : Numismatic Art of the Greek World , Krause Publications , Iola , 1997 , p. 4 . [ 86 ]
In his review of C. Howgego 's Ancient History from Coins , American Journal of Numismatics 11 ( 1999 ) , p. 154 , R. Bauslaugh talks sagely about the " danger " of this kind of " all - encompassing skepticism . "
More often in ancient numismatics , however , the error seems to be in the opposite direction , with conclusions based on inadequate support . [ 87 ]
C. Kraay , review of L. Weidauer 's Probleme der frühen Elektronprägung , Gnome 50 ( 1978 ) , p. 212 . [ 88 ]
J. Spier , p. 334 . [ 89 ]
M. Mitchiner , p. 210 . [ 90 ]
E. Robinson , p. 161 . [ 91 ]
S. Karwiese , pp. 11-13 . [ 92 ]
M. Mitchiner , pp. 210-211 ; R. Wallace , " KUKALIM , WALWET , and the Artemission Deposit : Problems in Early Anatolian Electrum Coinage , " Agoranomia : Studies in Money and Exchange Presented to John H. Kroll , edited by P. van Alfen , 2006 , pp. 39 - 40 . [ 93 ]
M. Mitchiner , p. 210 ; R. Wallace , " KUKALIM , WALWET , and the Artemission Deposit : Problems in Early Anatolian Electrum Coinage , " p. 39 . [ 94 ]
E. Robinson , pp. 161 , 162 .
A cult of Sandon persisted in western Asia Minor into Roman Imperial times . [ 95 ]
G. Hanfmann , pp. 91 , 92 , 95 . [ 96 ]
S. Karwiese , p. 9 . [ 97 ] K. Konuk , p. 24 , wrote , " There is no reason to doubt that [ Lydian Lions ] were issued under the direct authority of the king of Lydia , probably Alyattes . " [ 98 ]
G. Hanfmann , p. 84 .
In " The Sculpture of the Prehistoric , Lydian , and Persian Periods , " Sculpture from Sardis : The Finds through 1975 , by M. Hanfman and N. Ramage , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , 1978 , Hanfmann illustrated examples of lions in Lydian art .
E. Robinson , pp. 160 , 162 , does so as well . [ 99 ]
H erodotos , Histories I.84 , Favorinus , De Fortuna 22 . [ 100 ] E. Robinson , pp. 159-163 . Robinson and S. Karwiese , p. 10 , also pointed to the Assyrian origins of the particular pattern of the lion 's mane -- the herringbone ruff -- on Lydian Lions .
In her article " An Assyrian Bronze Disc , " Bulletin of the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston 48 ( 1950 ) , pp. 2 - 8 , E. Porada described how the Assyrian kings identified themselves with the lion and used its image for their royal emblem . [ 101 ] M. Mitchiner , p. 219 . [ 102 ]
S. Karwiese , p. 12 . [ 103 ]
A. Bellinger , " Electrum Coins from Gordion , " Essays in Greek Coinage : Presented to Stanley Robinson , C. Kraay and G. Jenkins , Clarendon Press , Oxford , 1968 .
Six of the 45 Gordion Hoard coins were countermarked .
In " Countermarks on Popular Ancient Silver Coins - Part I , " Celator , December 2002 , p. 8 , J. van der Dussen wrote that the debasement of early electrum coins may be the reason many were countermarked .
Head , BMC Lydia , p. XII , also made the argument that countermarks were made by money changers because of the debasement of these coins .
Later bimetallic Persian coins from the same area , however , were often countermarked in the same way as well .
This , and the plethora of countermarks on individual coins , makes the debasement argument seem unlikely .
Kraay , pp. 15 , 16 , argued that despite the fact that individual coins have been found having as many as eighteen countermarks , and despite the fact that the marks are very varied ( pellet , crescent , caduceus , anchor , triskeles , and a number of different animal and human heads ) , they were likely money changers ' marks indicating they had accepted a particular coin .
Kraay acknowledged that Persian darics and sigloi were marked in the same way and even acknowledged that " It has been suggested that these are owners ' marks , presumably intended to identify property deposited with a banker or a temple , " though he did n't acknowledge in the body of his text or in a footnote that it was Bellinger who suggested this .
Bellinger 's position is the more logical . [ 104 ]
M. Mitchiner , pp. 250-252 . [ 105 ]
Ramage and Craddock , pp. 10 - 13 . [ 106 ]
In an e-mail message .
Kokotailo heads up ACFDL ( Ancient Coin Forgeries Discussion List ) .
Chevron is expected to be slapped with a $ 27 billion judgment by a court in Ecuador for environmental damage done to the rain forest between 1964 and 1990 .
It will be the largest environmental judgment ever .
Chevron has no plans to pay it .
Chevron intends to fight enforcement by claiming the trial was unfair , in part because Ecuador 's president has publicly supported the plaintiffs .
Too bad Chevron spent the early part of the case arguing trial should be held in Ecuador .
It appears that the oil company thought it would be able to take advantage of Ecuador 's legal system .
According to The Wall Street Journal , Chevron is less worried about the payment than the hit to its " green " reputation .
It 's possible that 's true , but the payment represents a tenth of total revenue for Chevron .
Texaco operated in the area from 1964 to 1990 , pulled out of the country in 1992 and was bought by Chevron in 2001 .
Because Chevron has never operated in Ecuador , the plaintiffs cannot capture any assets in their home country and will be forced to collect in the United States .
" Nearly everyone on Wall Street is wondering how hedge funds and large banks like Goldman Sachs are making so much money so soon after the financial system nearly collapsed , " writes the New York Times ’ Charles Duhigg in a front page piece that ’s been the talk of the town in New York and Washington .
" High - frequency trading is one answer . "
Duhigg writes , “ High - frequency trading systems are so fast they can outsmart or outrun other investors , humans and computers alike . "
The term “ high - frequency ” refers to fast entry and exit of trading positions , the process best executed by algorithms and dedicated computer programs employing artificial intelligence .
However , this can turn into the intentional probing of the market with tiny orders that are immediately canceled at speeds that cannot be matched by individual human investors .
While this is n’t quite the " intelligence explosion " of machines foreseen by I.J. Good in 1965 and dubbed “ the Singularity ” by Vernor Vinge in 1993 , the speed and sophistication of Goldman Sachs computer algorithms are indeed leaving humans –- at least , individual investors –- in the dust .
Investment Manager Irene Aldridge sees high frequency trading as having a bright future that is “ bound to bring additional skill and capital ” to markets .
She points to Tabb Group estimates that high frequency trading ( HFT ) accounts for 73 % of equities trading volume on U.S. exchanges .
Aldridge : “ HFT is characterized by fast turnover of capital .
Instead of capturing large price changes over extended periods of time , HFT aims to book multiple small gains over short periods of time . ”
Joe Saluzzi , Partner at Themis Trading , sees it differently .
He bemoans the institutional use of co-located high - bandwidth supercomputers near the trading floor , “ We are just mice dancing between the elephants of capital and their supercomputers .
Just this past week , we found out that hedge funds have passed mutual funds in terms of volume of equity trading , despite controlling far less money . ”
This video shows the intensity of the debate over HFT , with Joe Saluzzi expressing mock surprise that he is n’t debating a supercomputer ( shades of Kubrick ’s HAL 9000 ) :
There are several possibilities about what ’s going on here .
One is that Goldman and others are literally using privileged information to make trades ahead of markets , in which case they are committing a felony .
Specifically , this is known as " front - running , " or trading ahead of customers , and it is an explicitly illegal form of market manipulation .
Another possibility –- mentioned by Robert Kuttner in a recent Huffington Post article –- is that “ the Goldmans of the world ” have found themselves a nice loophole .
Tapping into the Stock Exchange ’s own computers and other sources of trading activity is something that anyone in theory could do , but only a few privileged insiders have the sophistication to exploit what they find .
Duhigg ’s New York Times article illustrates a case in point .
Intel , the computer chip giant –- reporting robust earnings –- triggered some individual human investors to buy shares in the semiconductor company Broadcom , “ The slower traders faced a quandary :
If they sought to buy a large number of shares at once , they would tip their hand and risk driving up Broadcom ’s price .
So , as is often the case on Wall Street , they divided their orders into dozens of small batches , hoping to cover their tracks .
One second after the market opened , shares of Broadcom started changing hands at $ 26.20 . ”
The slower traders began issuing buy orders .
But rather than being shown to all potential sellers at the same time , some of those orders were most likely routed to “ a collection of high - frequency traders for just 30 milliseconds — 0.03 seconds — in what are known as flash orders . ”
In just this fraction of a second , high - frequency traders determined that the market for Broadcom was growing .
Their supercomputers began buying up Broadcom shares and then reselling them to the slower investors at higher prices .
The overall price of Broadcom began to rise , “ The slower - moving investors paid $ 1.4 million for about 56,000 shares , or $ 7,800 more than if they had been able to move as quickly as the high - frequency traders . ”
Supercomputers began buying up Broadcom shares and then reselling them to the slower investors at higher prices .
The overall price of Broadcom began to rise
Was the actual advantage the speed of the supercomputers ?
Nasdaq OMX Group Inc. , Bats Exchange Inc. and Direct Edge Holdings Inc. hold these orders for milliseconds , giving their paying customers the opportunity to gauge demand before traders on other exchanges get the chance to bid .
While the ethics and legality of this are debatable , Senator Charles Schumer has asked the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to ban such “ flash orders , ” saying the transactions give high - speed traders an unfair advantage over other investors .
“ Flash orders allow certain members of these exchanges to obtain access to order flow information before that information is made available to the public , ” writes Schumer .
This allows “ those members to use rapid trading programs to trade ahead of those orders and profit from advanced knowledge of buying and selling activity . ”
Regardless of the debate over how HFT is used in market trading , it ’s clear that supercomputers can already “ outrun and outsmart ” individual investors .
This is n’t quite the Singularity envisioned by Good and Vinge , but it raises some perplexing questions about the use of artificial intelligence to gain market advantage when individual humans “ with slide rules ” cannot compete .
QUESTION FOR READERS :
Are " flash orders " unethical and should they be banned ?
( POST YOUR COMMENT BELOW ! )
The US Personal Saving Rate just hit 6.9 % :
The last time it was higher was in December 1993 :
Savings are crucial to economic progress and prosperity .
For the first time in decades Americans have realized this and are turning the tide .
This is in line with ongoing Delevaraging , Contraction , Imploding Consumer Credit & Increased Saving .
Related Posts :
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY -- President Obama is set to speak to students across the country next week by video link on the importance of staying in school , but school districts across the state are notifying parents and giving them the choice to have their child opt out of watching the speech .
Call it reaction to conservative rhetoric nationally , or legitimate pressure from parents who are concerned the president 's speech will have a political message , but either way , with the exception of just a few districts , schools across the state will show the speech , but only after telling parents first .
Parents react to schools ' plan to show Obama speechSome parents are taking their time deciding whether they 'll let their kids watch the president 's speech next Tuesday .
" If some people do n't want that for their kids , they should be notified and decide for themselves , " says parent Lisa Haddon .
Related :
Some encourage all students to watch Obama 's education speech Some political experts say allowing students to watch Pres .
Obama 's speech on Tuesday can be a good educational opportunity no matter what their political leanings are .
Some parents are concerned what will be said may be offensive or too liberal for their children and are even vowing to keep their kids away , like a commenter who says , " I do n't think it 's appropriate [ that Obama ] speak to our kids .
It 's like someone calling my child on the phone and speaking to them without my permission . "
But others say as long as there is nothing political about it , they 're fine with it .
" As long as he does n't have a political agenda and just wants to get kids excited about learning and going to college and all that good stuff , " says a parent .
Parents KSL spoke to at West High School were more open and apathetic to the address .
" I think [ kids ] have to listen to all things and make their own decisions , " Rebecca said as she dropped her son off at school .
" I think it 's OK if they want to listen . "
Isaisas Solorio was more definite .
" Really , to be sincere , I do n't really care what Barack Obama has to say , " Solorio said .
Still , he did n't mind his children hearing the president 's message .
Another parent , Alysha Witzel says , " As long as he does n't have any political agenda mixed in with it , from what I understand , it 's just going to be about education and motivating kids to further their education . "
The Canyons District responds to concerns
The White House says that 's what it will be .
Dr. David Doty , Superintendent of Canyons School District , explains , " I have not seen anything in a description of the event that would portray it in any way as propaganda .
And I personally believe it 's very unfortunate it 's being portrayed in that light . "
According to the [ U.S. Department of Education ] ( http://www.ed.gov/admins/lead/academic/bts.html), the President will speak about " persisting and succeeding in school . "
The president will also " challenge students to work hard , set educational goals , and take responsibility for their learning . "
The Dept. of Education invites " students of all ages , teachers , and administrators " [ to watch the President 's address ] ( http://www.whitehouse.gov/live/) and encourages " educators to help students get focused and inspired to begin the new academic year . "
But even with that said , the Canyons School District is not necessarily encouraging or promoting it .
It 's letting parents decide for themselves , just as other districts are .
" I would probably think about opting out of it .
It would be a little more comforting to me if I could view it first , " says parent Jennifer Healy .
The Salt Lake City School District responds to concerns
Salt Lake City School
District is advising schools to have teachers notify parents if they plan on airing the address in class , and then allowing an opt- out .
" Unfortunately , with the attention paid to the [ Obama - themed service ] video in Farmington , a lot of parents have started to question how schools will handle this , and we 've been getting some calls to our district as well , " spokesman Jason Olsen said .
The Jordan School District responds to concerns
While acknowledging the historic nature of the address , a spokesperson says Jordan School District is advising teachers that the address must tie into the curriculum if they are going to allow students to watch it .
" He 's going to talk about education -- and what a great message from our nation 's leader , " said spokeswoman Melinda Colton .
Other school districts respond to concerns
The Nebo District says State Superintendent Larry Shumway sent official word Sept. 2 announcing the president 's speech .
Shumway said the decision to watch should be made in each district .
Nebo District decided because of the lateness of the notification , its students will not watch the speech at school .
[ CLICK HERE to see how each district is handling the speech ]
The Davis School District is sending out letters to parents ( CLICK HERE to read it ) , giving them the option to have their child opt out of watching the speech .
The district 's planning comes after some parents and the conservative Utah Eagle Forum complained about the video called " I Pledge ! " shown Friday at Eagle Bay Elementary School .
Some claim it supported a political " leftist agenda . "
Alpine and Uintah are among the other school districts mulling options or putting into place guidelines ahead of the speech .
Granite District says principals will be sending home notices if their schools plan to show the speech .
Where you can get more information on the speech
The U.S. Department of Education website provides information about the upcoming speech and student worksheets that tie to curriculum .
The speech can be seen live on the internet Tuesday at www.whitehouse.gov.
------
Story compiled with contributions from Courtney Orton and Andrew Adams
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Conan O'Brien Injured VIDEO
Tonight Show host Conan O'Brien was back to work on Monday night after suffering a concussion during the taping of a triathlon stunt with Teri Hatcher for his Friday night show .
Part of the segment was taped outside of the studio , culminating with the pair running in swimwear through the audience back onto the stage , where O'Brien slipped on the floor and fell backwards , hitting his head .
Like any comedian worth his stripes , O'Brien turned the event into a comedic " cautionary tale " for kids .
Conan said , " As many of you may know , on this past Friday 's show I was doing a stunt and I hit my head and suffered a slight concussion .
And I promise , if you 're a good audience , I 'll do it again tonight . "
View the video below .
Police are appealing for information after a man was glued to a public toilet seat in far north Queensland in what police describe as a ' sick joke ' .
Police , ambulance officers and fire crews were called to the 70 - year - old man 's aid after he became stuck at the Cairns Central Shopping Centre toilets about 10:30 am AEST on Saturday .
Police say someone smeared strong glue over the toilet seat and the man had to be taken to the Cairns Base Hospital to have the seat removed .
Shopping centre security footage is being reviewed and anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers or Cairns police .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
While the evidence continues to mount that taxes alone are n’t enough to significantly reduce junk food consumption , the political prospects for passing a federal soda tax appears to be dim .
Well , New York City has decided that if they ca n’t tax your soda , they ’ll go after your appetite instead .
… New York City ’s public health officials opened a new front in their struggle against high - calorie beverages on Monday , unveiling an ad campaign that depicts globs of human fat gushing from a soda bottle .
“ Are you pouring on the pounds ? ” asks the ad , which urges viewers to consider water , seltzer or low - fat milk instead , and warns : “ Do n’t drink yourself fat . ”
Take a good look at that image , folks .
Ah , the pause that nauseates .
It ’s easy to dismiss the effectiveness of this kind of ad campaign .
Really easy if you ’re the American Beverage Association — a spokesman told the New York Times that the ads would “ do more harm than good . ”
Whether the spokesman was referring to the debate over soda consumption or to beverage companies ’ bottom lines is unknown .
Yet with kids now drinking more soda than they do milk , it ’s entirely possible that many parents simply do n’t connect the dots between soda consumption and obesity .
Compare any shock the above image may cause to the shock that comes with the revelation that liquid candy has now become a top beverage choice in households across the country — and given that fact it ’s hard not to marvel at the shamelessness and outright disingenousness of beverage companies .
At this point , anything that gets people looking at soda as an item that simply should n’t be part of an everyday diet has a role play .
The fact remains that , as with all policy interventions , the goal is not to end soda consumption entirely — just to reduce it enough to have an impact on obesity rates .
Obviously , a single ad campaign is n’t going to do that — but getting government explicitly behind the message that soda is n’t just another drink is a good place to start .
It 's one giant step for robots on the battlefield .
Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico has just released video of its leaping robot in action , showing the Precision Urban Hopper clearing a tall metal fence .
Funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the autonomous robot is designed to reduce military casualties by providing reconnaissance .
The robot uses a powerful leg to help hurdle itself over tall barriers .
Once completed , the four - wheeled robots will use its leg to hop more than more than 25 feet , says Jon Salton , the Sandia program manager
The Massachusetts - based company Boston Dynamics is under contract to build the leaping robot , which is set to be delivered in 2010 .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29oUc8Czdic
The brain - melting concept of the Möbius strip has been used to explain complex , meaningful ideas such as time travel .
But this simple , trivial music box , which uses a punch strip in the shape of a Möbius strip , might be my favorite application of the idea .
Americans continue to see Islamic extremist groups like al Qaeda as the top threat to the United States ( 78 % see such groups as a major threat ) , but eight years after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 fewer feel it is necessary to sacrifice civil liberties to protect the country from terrorism .
A few weeks after the attacks of 2001 , 55 % said it would be necessary for the average person to give up some civil liberties to fight terrorism .
In January 2007 , 40 % said relinquishing civil liberties would be necessary .
Today , just a quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say giving up civil liberties is needed to curb terrorism ; 65 % say this is not necessary .
The decline is especially sharp among Republicans .
In 2007 , 51 % said it was necessary to sacrifice civil liberties ; only about a third ( 34 % ) do so today .
Opinions about warrentless searches of people who might be sympathetic to terrorists ( a third approve ) and denying free speech for terrorist sympathizers ( half approve ) have remained fairly consistent in recent years .
Read More
Goldman also won federal debt guarantees and received $ 10 billion under the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
It benefited further when the Securities and Exchange Commission suddenly changed its rules governing stock trading , barring investors from being able to bet against Goldman ’s shares by selling them short .
Now that the company ’s crisis has passed , Goldman has rebounded more markedly than its rivals .
It has paid back the $ 10 billion in government assistance , with interest , and exited the federal debt guarantee program .
It recently reported second - quarter profit of $ 3.44 billion , putting its employees on track to earn record bonuses this year : about $ 700,000 each , on average .
Ms. Davis , the spokeswoman for Mr. Paulson , said Goldman never received special treatment from the Treasury .
Mr. Paulson ’s calendars do not disclose any details about his conversations with Mr. Blankfein , and Ms. Davis said Mr. Paulson always maintained a proper regulatory distance from his old firm .
A spokesman for Goldman , Lucas van Praag , said : “ Lloyd Blankfein , like the C.E.O. ’s of other major financial institutions , received calls from , and made calls to , Treasury to provide a market perspective on conditions and events as they were unfolding .
Given what was happening in the world , it would have been shocking if such conversations had n’t taken place . ”
Although federal officials were concerned that Goldman Sachs might collapse that week , Mr. van Praag said the only topics of discussion between Mr. Blankfein and Mr. Paulson at the time involved Lehman Brothers ’ troubled London operations and “ disarray in the money markets . ”
Mr. van Praag said Goldman was fully insulated from financial fallout related to a possible A.I.G. collapse in mid-September of last year .
However , Mr. Paulson believed he needed to request the ethics waivers during that tumultuous week , after regulators had become concerned that the same crisis of confidence that felled Bear Stearns and Lehman might spread to the remaining investment banks , including Goldman Sachs .
At a conference call scheduled for 3 p.m. on Sept. 17 , 2008 , Fed officials intended to discuss the financial soundness of Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley , and they had asked Mr. Paulson to participate , according to Mr. Paulson ’s calendars and his spokeswoman .
That was the first time during the crisis that Mr. Paulson ’s involvement required a waiver , Ms. Davis said .
The waiver was requested that morning and granted orally that afternoon , just before the 3 p.m. conference call .
A few minutes later , in an e-mail message to Mr. Paulson , Bernard J. Knight Jr. , assistant general counsel at the Treasury , outlined the agency ’s rationale for granting the waiver .
“ I have determined that the magnitude of the government ’s interest in your participation in matters that might affect or involve Goldman Sachs clearly outweighs the concern that your participation may cause a reasonable person to question the integrity of the government ’s programs and operations , ” Mr. Knight wrote .
Goldman ’s Windfall
For investors in the United States and around the world , the days after the A.I.G. rescue were perilous and uncertain ; the Dow Jones industrial average fell 4 percent on Sept. 17 as credit markets froze and investors absorbed the implications of the insurance giant ’s collapse .
That day , Mr. Paulson and his colleagues at the Federal Reserve were scrambling to contain the damage and shore up investor confidence .
But Mr. Paulson has disavowed any involvement in the decision to use taxpayer funds to make Goldman and A.I.G. ’s trading partners whole .
In his July testimony to the House , he said : “ I want you to know that I had no role whatsoever in any of the Fed ’s decision regarding payments to any of A.I.G. ’s creditors or counterparties . ”
Ms. Davis reiterated this , saying that Mr. Paulson ’s involvement in the A.I.G. bailout was meant to forestall a collapse of the entire financial system and not to rescue any individual firms exposed to A.I.G. , like Goldman .
However , she said , federal officials were worried that both Goldman and Morgan Stanley were in danger themselves of failing later in the week and it was in that context that Mr. Paulson received a waiver .
“ The waiver was in anticipation of a need to rescue Goldman Sachs , ” Ms. Davis said , “ not to bail out A.I.G . ”
Treasury Department lawyers said a waiver for Mr. Paulson regarding A.I.G. was not necessary , Ms. Davis said , because the A.I.G. rescue was conducted by the Federal Reserve .
The Treasury had no power to rescue A.I.G. , she said .
Only the Fed could make such a loan .
But according to two senior government officials involved in the discussions about an A.I.G. bailout and several other people who attended those meetings and requested anonymity because of confidentiality agreements , the government ’s decision to rescue A.I.G was made collectively by Mr. Paulson , officials from the Federal Reserve and other financial regulators in meetings at the New York Fed over the weekend of Sept. 13 - 14 , 2008 .
A Wyoming bank sent an e-mail containing sensitive customer data to the wrong Gmail account , and now wants Google to reveal the identity of the account holder who received the data .
According to a court document in the case , in August a customer of the Rocky Mountain Bank asked a bank employee to send certain loan statements to a representative of the customer .
The employee , however , inadvertently sent the e-mail to the wrong Gmail address .
Additionally , the employee had attached a sensitive file to the e-mail that should not have been sent at all .
The attachment contained confidential information on 1,325 individual and business customers that included their names , addresses , tax identification or Social Security numbers and loan information .
After realizing what he'd done , the employee " tried to recall the e-mail without success . "
When that did n't work , the employee sent a second e-mail to the recipient instructing the person to delete the e-mail and attachment " in its entirety " without opening or reviewing it .
The employee also asked the recipient to contact the employee to " discuss his or her actions . "
Silence ensued .
That 's when the bank sued Google to identify the recalcitrant recipient .
Google said it would n't comply without a court order , and even if it does receive a court order , its policy is to notify an account holder and give the person a chance to object to the disclosure of his or her identity .
The court is considering the bank 's request .
In the meantime , Rocky Mountain Bank filed a motion last week to seal the entire case until the court decides whether to force Google to reveal the recipient 's name , saying it did n't want its customers to learn about the breach , because it would create panic and result in a surge of inquiries from customers .
It wants the information under seal until it can determine from Google whether the Gmail account in question is active or dormant , and whether the sensitive customer information is actually at risk of being abused .
A federal judge in San Jose , California denied the bank 's request to seal on Friday .
" An attempt by a bank to shield information about an unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer information until it can determine whether or not that information has been further disclosed and / or misused does not constitute a compelling reason that overrides the public 's common law right of access to court filings , " wrote Judge Ronald
Whyte in his ruling , noting that the bank does n't have to wait to advise customers that an unauthorized disclosure of information occurred .
The initial complaint filed against Google is currently under seal because the judge has asked the bank to redact the Gmail account from its filings .
But the judge 's response to the request for a seal is not itself sealed and it's within this document that details about the breach are revealed ( .pdf ) .
( Hat tip : Information Week )
id : kiskeさんにお誘いいただいて先週金曜日にカカクコムさんの社内勉強会でお話させていただきました。貴重な機会をいただきありがとうございました。
自由に話してOKですよとのことだったので、何にしようかなと少し考えた結果、こんなスライドができあがりました。
MySQLのパフォーマンスの話
View more presentations from ikdttr
MySQLも今となってはかなり広く使われていて、パラメータチューニングとかも一通りのことは皆さんご存知だろうと思ったので「チューニングをする際にソースを読んで調べたいと思ったらどうしたらいいか」といったようなテーマに対する答えの一例見たいな感じの内容になりました。
普段使っている/参照しているサーバ変数やステータス変数がどのように実装されていて、それらをソース上で追いかけるにはどうしたらいいか、みたいな感じですね。
勉強会ではgdb、emacs+cscopeとかも使って説明していたのでスライドだけだと分かりにくいかもですが、せっかく作ったので公開ということで。（そもそも初slideshareです。）
最後の方で はTritonn ( Senna ) と新しいエンジンのgroongaについても触れています。groonga対応エンジンは鋭意開発中です。もう少ししたらいろいろ情報発信もしたいなぁ。
Trivia
According to actor Michael Murphy , actress Lynne Frederick was required to wear a sort of corset during filming so that she would appear more flat - chested .
Kendra , the character she played , was supposed to be about 16 years old ( four years younger than she really was at the time ) , and the director wanted to minimize her voluptuous figure .
See more
The Cyclopedia of Puzzles
or
Sam Loyd's Cyclopedia of 5000 Puzzles , Tricks , and Conundrums ( With Answers )
Not to be confused with Scrubs actor Sam Lloyd , who for example plays an expert poker player in the movie The Fifth .
Want everything here ?
Download it at http://www.mathpuzzle.com/downloads/
I hereby put this version of Sam Loyd 's 1914 work into the public domain .
( Ed Pegg Jr , 2005 )
