Central and Eastern Europe states are in danger of never catching up with Western Europe , as the long term economic growth potential in the region is undermined by a widening human capital gap with the west of the continent , a report has warned .
The report – called the European Human Capital Index – ranked eastern EU members and candidates on their ability to develop and sustain their human capital , and was released by the Brussels - based Lisbon Council think tank on Monday ( 15 October ) .
Turkey , a candidate member , is the only country with a young and growing population ( Photo : European Commission )
Since the collapse of communism , economic growth in the former communist states is far above growth seen elsewhere on the continent , narrowing the difference in economic wealth between the two halves of the continent .
But researchers now fear that a continuation of this performance is unlikely , unless certain problems are urgently addressed .
" The entire study shows a closing of the gap in the last 15 years , but now it could widen again , " Peer Ederer , the lead author of the study warned during the report 's presentation .
" An economy does no longer only have to be efficiency - driven .
If you want to be able to compete with Western Europe and Asia , you have to become an innovation - driven economy , " he said later on .
In particular , the report highlights the region 's shrinking population , continuous brain - drain , chronically high unemployment and inadequate investment in education and skills - especially in workers aged 45 or more – as the main problems .
" Stop early retirement schemes , reduce unemployment , stimulate part - time employment .
Keep them in the job , get them in the job , in every way possible , " Dr Ederer said .
" The demographic outlook is [ also ] not good , " he added .
" In Eastern Europe , you can find the lowest birth rates , basically in each of these countries . (...)
Combine the demographic data with the brain - drain that continues to happen , and you have a very bleak picture . "
The report also criticises Eastern European policy makers for failing to invest in people older than 45 years – about one - thirds of the population , thereby creating a " lost generation " .
Examining the school systems , the report praised central and eastern European countries , but warned that they are still far away from the best .
" Secondary schooling systems are more or less on par with Western Europe , but when compared to [ South ] Korea and Finland , most Western European countries should also perform better . "
Still a chance
The EU members that are doing well – Slovenia , the Czech Republic , Estonia and Lithuania – still have a small chance of achieving Western standards of living within the next two decades , according to the report .
Slovenia is roughly on a par with Greece , Italy and Portugal , which were measured in a similar report last year .
But the members that trail the index ' ranking – Slovakia , Bulgaria and Poland – are likely to remain stuck in relative poverty for a very long time when compared to the EU average .
Turkey , a candidate member , is the only country with a young and growing population , something which could , according to the authors , play a key role in addressing Europe 's human capital needs .
They mentioned that by 2050 , an estimated 19 % of the European active workforce would be Turkish , almost equal to the working population of all other Mediterranean countries taken together .
Croatia , another candidate member , trails the list , just behind Bulgaria and Poland .
Human capital is considered an important factor in determining whether the EU will become a knowledge - based economy , an economic goal it has set itself .
Pipeline Project Putin Puts Europe In A Vice
The Russian pipeline North Stream is on its way .
Now Vladimir Putin wants to put a second gas pipeline through Bulgaria .
The new project not only competes with the European pipeline Nabucco , but also entrenches Europe 's dependence on Russian gas .
Annotations for Infrequently Asked Questions
WARNING : SPOILER ALERT :
These annotations explain the jokes in Infrequently Asked Questions for the uninitiated .
It would be much more fun to discover for yourself why the answers are ' funny ' , but apparently some have misconstrued the IAQ as a real source of information .
If you have no sense of humor and do n't like to learn things on your own , feel free to read on :P .
Section 1 : Numbers and Symbols
Most of the answers in this section are playing with the way the reader and printer interact .
In Lisp , the external syntax is not set in stone , and is very simple to change by mucking about with the * readtable * .
So , while the empty list is usually written as ( ) or the symbol NIL , it is trivial to modify the way lisp is read and printed to produce amusing results .
NIL being equal to 30477 is such a result .
In base 36 , the number decimal number 30477 would be written as NIL .
Since lisp makes it easy to change the * print - base * and * read - base* , the character string " NIL " , when read , may not in fact result in the empty list ( traditionally NIL or ( ) ) , but rather a number !
Since reading / printing numbers in base 36 can use every letter of the alphabet , setfing these variables , rather than say let - binding them , can make it difficult to then change it back , as the string " ( setf * read - base * 10 ) " will be read as the object ( 1325571 * READ - BASE * 36 ) .
Because of how lisp quotes symbols , and due the the fact that the symbols exported from the COMMON LISP package are in uppercase , you 'd have to use " ( |SETF| * read - base * A ) " or ( |SETF| * read - base * 10 . ) to actually reset the * read - base * .
Lispers find this sort of thing funny .
This code , from Pascal Bourguignon on comp.lang.lisp , illustrates the idea :
( loop for * print - readably * in '( nil t ) do ( format t " * print - readably * = ~ S~ % " * print - readably * ) ( let ( ( * print - base * 36 ) ) ( format t " ~{~A ~:* ~S ~:* ~ W~%~} " '( nil # 36rNIL ) ) ) ) < i> * print - readably * = NIL NIL |NIL| |NIL| NIL NIL NIL * print - readably * = |COMMON - LISP| ::|T| NIL |COMMON - LISP|::|NIL| |COMMON -LISP|::|NIL| NIL 30477 . 30477 . </i>
By the way , if you really wanted to enter numbers in hexidecimal , there are reader macros for such things : # 16rDEADBEEF or # xDEADBEEF ( case insensible ) .
Changing * read - base* , unless you know what you are doing , is not a good idea .
Section 2 , Evaluation and functions
READ -FROM-STRING is one of the few functions in common lisp that takes two &optional and also &keyword arguments .
Even experienced lispniks forget this , and scratch their heads at things like ( READ - FROM -STRING " foobar " : START 3 ) returning " foobar " .
This is actually not an error , it 's equivalent to ( READ - FROM -STRING " foobar " T T ) .
The joke is that ( READ - FROM -STRING " foobar " : START 3 : START 3 ) actually kinda works as intended .
hehehe .
Newbies often think they 'd like to APPLY AND or OR , but AND and OR are macros , and it does n't make much sense to apply macros .
#'SOME and #'EVERY are the functions you are looking for .
move along .
The AND and OR macros are ' short circuiting ' in the sense that they do not evaluate the rest of the arguments once the condition has been reached .
Thus , ( AND NIL ( NUKE - THE - WORLD ) ) does not cause thermonuclear Armageddon .
The result is not funny , but the idea can show humorous attributes for certain lispers .
Some functions in CL , like SORT , are destructive .
This basically means that lisp can choose to , should it so desire , modify the cons cells that make up the list you pass to it .
This does not mean that it has to modify the list , nor does it mean that the place the list came from is modified ( though due to the destructive nature of SORT , it can seem this way ) .
( SETF foo ( SORT foo ) ) is your friend .
And , since forgetting about SORT has happened to me ( Drew Crampsie ) during a public demo , i do n't find this joke funny at all .
LENGTH is specified to work on proper sequences , meaning no circular lists .
It is most likely , and perfectly legal , that you 'll throw your lisp into an infinite loop even trying this .
LIST - LENGTH is specified to return NIL if the list is circular , and only works with LISTs .
As to which one is faster , this will probably vary by implementation and size of input data .
Checking for circularity is likely not cheap , but the genericness of LIST could also be the bottleneck .
Silly question , silly answer .
Section 3 , Historical facts
This section is mostly poking fun at other Lisp FAQ's , especially the old c.l.l faq .
Section 4 , ANSI standardization
This section intentionally left blank .
Section 5 , Performance
In a compiled common lisp with support for tail call optimizations enabled , the code presented will compile down to an infinite loop .
An infinite amount of time is certainly longer than running the code in a language without TCO ( like , say , java ) where the stack will blow up eventually , or in a language without recursion at all where the code is an error .
That 's about all i've got .
If somebody adds more IAQ's ( which i think are great ) , i'll annotate them -- Drew Crampsie .
Why does my " nice " logo seem to look terrible depending on where it is used in digital media ?
Thoughts & Insights
First of all - do n't feel like you are alone .
Clicking around on websites , looking at social media channels , downloading PDFs of ...
UK troops accused of executions and torture in Iraq Reuters
Published : Friday February 22 , 2008
|
Print This Email This By Luke Baker LONDON , Feb 22 ( Reuters ) - Lawyers for five Iraqis have accused British soldiers of mass executions and torture and called for a police investigation into an " atrocious episode " in British army history .
Phil Shiner and Martyn Day , who have brought several cases against the British military for its actions in Iraq , produced statements on Friday from five men who say they were detained by British forces after a battle in southern Iraq in May 2004 .
The men , who were blindfolded and bound , said their captors repeatedly beat and abused them , including forcing them to strip naked .
While detained , they said they heard the systematic torture and execution of up to 20 other detainees .
" On the basis of the evidence currently available , we are of the view that our clients ' allegations -- that the British were responsible for the torture and deaths of up to 20 Iraqis -- may well be true , " Day told a news conference .
" Whether or not there is enough evidence to prosecute individual soldiers , it will only be by an open public inquiry that this question will be answered . "
The military has already conducted its own investigation into the events surrounding the intense , two - hour battle between British troops and Iraqi insurgents , in which it says 28 Iraqi fighters were killed , and concluded there was no evidence of criminal wrongdoing .
INVESTIGATION
Shiner and Day say , on the basis of the witness statements and other evidence , that 29 people were detained , of whom 20 were killed in detention and nine were later freed .
A second investigation , also by Britain 's military police , was opened last December after the families of some of the victims called for a judicial review .
It is not known when that investigation will be concluded .
As well as the witness statements , Shiner and Day produced photos , video footage and death certificates signed by Iraqi doctors that they said together painted a picture of violent , deadly abuse perpetrated by British troops .
They said there was evidence that two detainees had their eyes gouged out , one had his penis cut off , several were strangled or mutilated , some were shot in the back of the head and others had body parts systematically broken .
" What went on whilst UK forces had the custody of Iraqi civilians is a disgrace , a stain on our nation , and a terrible stain on the reputation of all the good soldiers who have operated in Iraq , " Shiner said .
However , the lawyers acknowledged there was a vast gulf between the British military 's account of what happened and the witnesses ' accounts .
They also said they did not know which regiment of the British army was most likely responsible .
" For the Iraqi version of events to be true , soldiers and officers from the British army would have to have conspired to cover up one of the most atrocious episodes in British army history , " Day said .
As well as a public inquiry , the lawyers called for the investigation to be handed over to Britain 's regular police force , rather than the military police investigating its own .
( Editing by Alison Williams )
Pakistan backtracks on claim sunroof killed Bhutto
CNN Breaking : " Pakistan 's Interior Ministry backtracked Tuesday on its statement that Benazir Bhutto died because she hit her head on a sunroof latch during a shooting and bomb attack .
" Interior Ministry spokesman Javed Iqbal Cheema told CNN the ministry will wait for the findings from forensic investigators before making a conclusion about her cause of death .
" Cheema said he based his statement Friday about the sunroof latch " on the initial investigations and the reports by the medical doctors " who treated her at Rawalpindi General Hospital .
" I was just narrating the facts , you know , and nothing less nothing more , " Cheema said .
" There 's no intention to conceal anything from the people of Pakistan , " added an Interior Ministry news release .
Pakistan 's government also offered an award -- published in several newspapers -- of up to $ 10 million to anyone who could identify the two suspects from the killing .
Full story now available here .
WASHINGTON  The Bush administration issued a grim report on the financial outlook for Medicare and Social Security on Tuesday , but said that , by two important measures , the condition of the programs had not deteriorated since last spring .
The new reports , like those issued last April , said that Medicare ’s hospital insurance trust fund would be exhausted in 2019 , while Social Security ’s reserves would be depleted in 2041 .
“ Medicare poses a far greater financial challenge , ” said Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , the managing trustee of Medicare and Social Security .
The reports may put pressure on the presidential candidates to say what they would do to rein in health costs and to shore up the programs , which serve more than 50 million people .
The candidates have largely avoided these questions , but the next president will not be able to escape them .
August 16 , 2019 —
What happened in the web dev world in the past four weeks ?
In his monthly reading list , Anselm summarized everything you need to know to stay on top of things — from browser news to handy tips and thought - provoking ideas .
Read More …
9/11 COMMISSIONERS
The following people question the government 's version of 9/11 , or the government 's openness in providing information about the September 11 attacks .
Are they credible or not ?
The co-chairs of the 9/11 Commission ( Thomas Keane and Lee Hamilton ) said that the CIA ( and likely the White House ) " obstructed our investigation " .
The co-chairs of the 9/11 Commission also said that the 9/11 Commissioners knew that military officials misrepresented the facts to the Commission , and the Commission considered recommending criminal charges for such false statements , yet did n't bother to tell the American people ( free subscription required ) .
Indeed , the co-chairs of the Commission now admit that the Commission largely operated based upon political considerations
9/11 Commission co-chair Lee Hamilton says " I do n't believe for a minute we got everything right " , that the Commission was set up to fail , that people should keep asking questions about 9/11 , that the 9/11 debate should continue , and that the 9/11 Commission report was only " the first draft " of history .
9/11 Commissioner Bob Kerrey said that " There are ample reasons to suspect that there may be some alternative to what we outlined in our version . . .
We did n't have access . . . . "
9/11 Commissioner Timothy Roemer said " We were extremely frustrated with the false statements we were getting "
Former 9/11 Commissioner Max Cleland resigned from the Commission , stating : " It is a national scandal " ; " This investigation is now compromised " ; and " One of these days we will have to get the full story because the 9 - 11 issue is so important to America .
But this White House wants to cover it up " .
9/11 Commissioner John Lehman said that “ We purposely put together a staff that had – in a way - conflicts of interest " .
The Senior Counsel to the 9/11 Commission ( John Farmer ) who led the 9/11 staff 's inquiry , said " I was shocked at how different the truth was from the way it was described ....
The tapes told a radically different story from what had been told to us and the public for two years ....
This is not spin .
This is not true . "
CONGRESS
According to the Co-Chair of the Congressional Inquiry into 9/11 and former Head of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Bob Graham , a U.S. government informant was the landlord to two of the hijackers for over a year ( but the White House refused to let the 9/11 inquiry interview him ) .
Current U.S. Senator ( Patrick Leahy ) states " The two questions that the congress will not ask . . . is why did 9/11 happen on George Bush 's watch when he had clear warnings that it was going to happen ?
Why did they allow it to happen ? "
Current Republican Congressman ( Ron Paul ) calls for a new 9/11 investigation and states that " we see the [ 9/11 ] investigations that have been done so far as more or less cover - up and no real explanation of what went on "
Current Democratic Congressman ( Dennis Kucinich ) hints that we are n't being told the truth about 9/11
Former Democratic Senator ( Mike Gravel ) states that he supports a new 9/11 investigation and that we do n't know the truth about 9/11
Former Republican Senator ( Lincoln Chaffee ) endorses a new 9/11 investigation
Former U.S. Democratic Congressman ( Dan Hamburg ) says that the U.S. government " assisted " in the 9/11 attacks , stating that " I think there was a lot of help from the inside "
Former U.S. Republican Congressman and senior member of the House Armed Services Committee , and who served six years as the Chairman of the Military Research and Development Subcommittee ( Curt Weldon ) has shown that the U.S. tracked hijackers before 9/11 , is open to hearing information about explosives in the Twin Towers , and is open to the possibility that 9/11 was an inside job
A world - renowned scientist , recipient of the National Medal of Science , America 's highest honor for scientific achievement ( Dr. Lynn Margulis ) said :
The principal electrical engineer for the entire World Trade Center complex , who was " very familiar with the structures and [ the Twin Towers ' ] conceptual design parameters " ( Richard F. Humenn ) , stated that " the mass and strength of the structure should have survived the localized damage caused by the planes and burning jet fuel . . . . the fuel and planes alone did not bring the Towers down . "
Former Director for Research , Director for Aeronautical Projects , and Flight Research Program Manager for NASA 's Dryden Flight Research Center , who holds masters degrees in both physics and engineering ( Dwain A. Deets ) says :
A prominent physicist , former U.S. professor of physics from a top university , and a former principal investigator for the U.S. Department of Energy , Division of Advanced Energy Projects ( Dr. Steven E. Jones ) stated that the world trade centers were brought down by controlled demolition
A U.S. physics professor who teaches at several universities ( Dr. Crockett Grabbe ) believes that the World Trade Centers were brought down by controlled demolition
An expert on demolition ( Bent Lund ) said that the trade centers were brought down with explosives ( in Danish )
A 13 - year professor of metallurgical engineering at a U.S. university , with a PhD in materials engineering , a former Congressional Office of Technology Assessment Senior Staff Member ( Dr. Joel S. Hirschhorn ) , is calling for a new investigation of 9/11
A Danish professor of chemistry ( Dr. Niels Harrit ) said , in a mainstream Danish newspaper , " WTC7 collapsed exactly like a house of cards .
If the fires or damage in one corner had played a decisive role , the building would have fallen in that direction .
You do n't have to be a woodcutter to grasp this " ( translated )
A former guidance systems engineer for Polaris and Trident missiles and professor emeritus , mathematics and computer science at a university concluded ( Dr. Bruce R. Henry ) that the Twin Towers " were brought down by planted explosives . "
A mechanical engineer with 20 years experience as a Fire Protection Engineer for the U.S. Departments of Energy , Defense , and Veterans Affairs , who is a contributing Subject Matter Expert to the U.S. Department of Energy Fire Protection Engineering Functional Area Qualification Standard for Nuclear Facilities , a board member of the Northern California - Nevada Chapter of the Society of Fire Protection Engineers , currently serving as Fire Protection Engineer for the city of San Jose , California , the 10th largest city in the United States ( Edward S. Munyak ) believes that the World Trade Center was destroyed by controlled demolition .
The former Chief of the Strategic and Emergency Planning Branch , U.S. Department of Energy , and former Director of the Office of Engineering at the Public Service Commission in Washington , D.C. , who is a mechanical engineer ( Enver Masud ) , does not believe the official story , and believes that there is a prima facie case for controlled demolition of the World Trade Center .
A prominent engineer with 55 years experience , in charge of the design of hundreds of major building projects including high rise offices , former member of the California Seismic Safety Commission and former member of the National Institute of Sciences Building Safety Council ( Marx Ayres ) believes that the World Trade Centers were brought down by controlled demolition ( see also this )
Two professors of structural engineering at a prestigious Swiss university ( Dr. Joerg Schneider and Dr. Hugo Bachmann ) said that , on 9/11 , World Trade Center 7 was brought down by controlled demolition ( translation here )
Kamal S. Obeid , structural engineer , with a masters degree in Engineering from UC Berkeley , of Fremont , California
Ronald H. Brookman , structural engineer , with a masters degree in Engineering from UC Davis , of Novato California
Graham John Inman , structural engineer , of London , England
LEGAL SCHOLARS
Former Federal Prosecutor , Office of Special Investigations , U.S. Department of Justice under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan ; former U.S. Army Intelligence officer , and currently a widely - sought media commentator on terrorism and intelligence services (
John Loftus
Former Inspector General , U.S. Department of Transportation ; former Professor of Aviation , Dept. of Aerospace Engineering and Aviation and Professor of Public Policy , Ohio State University (
Mary Schiavo
Professor of International Law at the University of Illinois , Champaign ; a leading practitioner and advocate of international law ; responsible for drafting the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism
Act of 1989 , the American implementing legislation for the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention ; served on the Board of Directors of Amnesty International ( 1988 -1992 ) , and represented Bosnia - Herzegovina at the World Court , with a Doctor of Law Magna Cum Laude as well as a Ph.D. in Political Science , both from Harvard University ( Dr .
Francis Boyle
Former prosecutor in the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section of the U.S. Justice Department and a key member of Attorney General Bobby Kennedy ’s anti-corruption task force ; former assistant U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois (
J. Terrence " Terry " Brunner
Professor Emeritus , International Law , Professor of Politics and International Affairs , Princeton University ; in 2001 served on the three - person UN Commission on Human Rights for the Palestine Territories , and previously , on the Independent International Commission on Kosovo (
Richard Falk
Bessie Dutton Murray Distinguished Professor of Law Emeritus and Director , Center for Human Rights , University of Iowa ; Fellow , World Academy of Art and Science .
Honorary Editor , Board of Editors , American Journal of International Law (
Burns H. Weston
Former president of the National Lawyers Guild (
C. Peter Erlinder
Assistant Professor of Criminal Justice at Troy University ; associate General Counsel , National Association of Federal Agents ; Retired Agent in Charge , Internal Affairs , U.S. Customs , responsible for the internal integrity and security for areas encompassing nine states and two foreign locations ; former Federal Sky Marshall ; 27 - year U.S. Customs career (
Mark Conrad
Professor of Law , University of Freiburg ; former Minister of Justice of West Germany (
Horst Ehmke
Director of Academic Programs , Institute for Policy and Economic Development , University of Texas , El Paso , specializing in executive branch secrecy policy , governmental abuse , and law and bureaucracy ; former U.S. Army Signals Intelligence officer ; author of several books on law and political theory ( Dr .
William G. Weaver
Famed trial attorney (
Gerry Spence
" When you grow up in the United States , there are some bedrock principles that require concerted effort to discard .
One is the simplest : that our leaders are good and decent people whose efforts may occasionally warrant criticism but never because of malice or venality ...
But one grows up .
...
And with the lawyer 's training comes the reliance on evidence and the facts that persuade ...
After a lot of reading , thought , study , and commiseration , I have come to the conclusion that the attacks of 9/11 were , in their essence , an inside job perpetrated at the highest levels of the U S government . "
FAMILY MEMBERS AND HEROIC FIRST RESPONDERS
PSYCHIATRISTS AND PSYCHOLOGISTS
THOUSANDS OF OTHERS
Former FBI agent ( Robert Wright ) says " The FBI , rather than trying to prevent a terrorist attack , was merely gathering intelligence so they would know who to arrest when a terrorist attack occurred . "
Maryann Reid's " dream board " is propped on a plastic lawn chair in her living room in Brooklyn .
Magazine clippings cover the entire poster board : a drawing of a pile of books , a photo of a Range Rover , the phrase " Gucci shoes click - clacking . "
" These are all the things I want in my life , " says Ms. Reid , who writes romance novels of the single - girl - in - the - city variety for black women .
" I believe you attract what you focus on . "
Prominent among the clippings are an engagement ring , a wedding dress .
and a happy couple ( rapper Jay - Z and singer Beyoncé ) .
Reid , 31 and single , dreams of wedding bells .
But not just for herself .
She wishes they jangled more for her peers in the African - American community , where the marriage rate is 36 percent and 70 percent of children are born out of wedlock .
Statistics like these are what convinced Reid to take matters into her own hands :
She has christened Sept. 27 " Marry Your Baby Daddy Day . "
An act of grass - roots social engineering , her effort to wed unmarried black couples who have children echoes efforts – by government , churches , and social welfare groups – to strengthen the institution of marriage .
The first Marry Your Baby Daddy Day , in 2005 , was marked by an all - expenses - paid wedding at the House of the Lord Church in Brooklyn for 10 black couples with children .
Ten more walked down the aisle at Manhattan 's Riverside Church last September .
For each ceremony , Reid convinced dozens of local businesses to donate goods and services – such as designer dresses , bouquets , wedding cakes – $ 90,000 worth for the first mass wedding , and $ 125,000 for the second .
Reid has n't earned a dime from the enterprise , but she claims she seeks something more intangible .
" I want to go back to what African - Americans were known as , " she says , citing the decline of marriage among blacks , a trend that scholars attribute to factors ranging from the legacy of slavery to rising incarceration rates among black men .
" They have historically been a married people .
But now we do n't have any family structure in our community at all . "
•••
Reid herself grew up in a fractured family .
Her parents broke up before she was born , and her mother , alone and pregnant , emigrated from Jamaica to Brooklyn .
She raised Reid and her younger sister – by a different father – by herself , working from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. as a hotel reservation manager , and from 4 p.m. to midnight as a telephone operator .
" I saw how hard she worked to make two incomes , " says Reid .
" I think it 's partly because of that that I 'm so interested in marriage . "
As a journalism student at Fordham University Reid briefly converted to Islam , wearing the hijab and jelaba of the orthodox Muslim woman .
The appeal was more cultural than religious , she says now : " I just fell in love with the family life of being a Muslim .
The men are very much held accountable for being fathers .
I liked the value placed on the family bond . "
When Reid went to work – as a news desk assistant at CNN and in public relations for publisher Penguin Putnam – she put aside the outer trappings of her religion , and eventually left the faith itself .
In 2001 , she published her first book , a collection of novellas called " Sex and the Single Sister , " followed by " Use Me or Lose Me . "
In 2003 , while pondering the topic of her next book , she says , the phrase " Marry Your Baby Daddy Day " popped fully formed into her head .
" I ca n't tell you how , " she says .
" It just dropped in . "
Her next book – about three sisters who must marry the fathers of their children in order to inherit $ 3 million – was called " Marry Your Baby Daddy . "
Along with fictionalizing it , she decided to put her plan into action .
So she sat down and dashed off an e-mail to the New York Daily News , announcing a contest for unmarried black couples .
Two days later an article ran , and she was inundated with hundreds of responses : grandmothers trying to hitch up a grown grandchild on the sly , women looking for advice on getting their men to tie the knot , children e-mailing in the hope of marrying off parents .
Reid and a volunteer wedding planner chose 10 couples from the New York area , following an interview process that included home visits in which they looked for evidence of a strong family life : orderly homes with personal space for the children , family photos on the wall , warm interactions between family members .
Reid has an unusual set of criteria for choosing her couples :
They must have a proven track record of stability ( some relationships go back 15 years ) and they must already have children and live together .
In short , they must have all the attributes of a good marriage , sans vows .
Oh , and they 've got to look good , too : Photogeneity , she says , is important because they 're poster children for marriage .
" They are role models and I choose them to inspire people , " she says .
" My wedding includes all classes of people , from the guys making sandwiches ... to the teachers who just bought their first home , " she says .
" I do n't want it to somehow seem ' ghetto . ' "
•••
" It sounds good to me , " David Popenoe , codirector of the National Marriage Project at Rutgers University , says of Reid 's project .
" The interesting thing about all the studies we have is that people who are married tend to be healthier , more productive and happier . "
But Reid 's project has n't escaped criticism .
Linda Malone - Colon , former director of the National Healthy Marriage Resource Center and an expert in black marital relationships , is troubled by some aspects of the enterprise .
" We know that when people live together before marrying they 're twice as likely to get divorced when they do marry , " she says , citing numerous studies .
" I think we should be careful about tacitly encouraging cohabitation . "
And while the Rev. J. Lee Hill Jr. , the Baptist minister who performed the 2007 Marry Your Baby Daddy Day wedding at Riverside Church in Manhattan , says he does n't condone cohabitation before marriage either , he is supportive of Reid 's project .
" My hope and dream is that [ these couples ] will continue to stay in their relationship , and that this will be an encouragement for them to live their lives more in sync with biblical injunctions , " he says .
For her part , Reid is pragmatic .
" If you have children , " she says , " you should be living together to raise the child .
That 's the first sign to me that a couple has made a commitment . "
So far , all 20 of Reid 's couples remain married .
•••
It 's different down to the smallest things , " says professional rapper Shawn Lindsey of his 2007 marriage to Patrice Roper , the mother of his 12 - and 1 - year - old daughters .
" Like filling out applications or writing out a card , Mr. and Mrs , " he says , smiling .
" It 's pretty cool . "
The new Mrs. Lindsey says that she did n't expect much to change in their relationship after 13 years together , but that life just feels different now : " I feel complete . "
The couple had tossed around the idea of getting married , even making two trips over the years to City Hall , where they were discouraged by long lines .
" You know , you get stuck in your ways , " says Mr. Lindsey , shrugging .
" It 's like being complacent . "
" Now he 's stopping everybody in the street saying ' Did you know we got married ? ' " laughs Mrs. Lindsey .
Reid says there will be more weddings to come .
One of them , she hopes , will be her own .
In an effort to summon a husband , Reid has already bought him a maroon La - Z - Boy .
" For now , " she says , " I 'm sitting in it . "
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - When Fidel Castro handed power to his brother , Miami ’s Cuban exile community was confronted with a terrible realization -- the eventual death of the man they have loved to hate for 49 years may not result in the collapse of his communist government .
A woman shouts as she waves a Cuban flag in front of Versailles restaurant in the Little Havana neighborhood of Miami February 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
For many Cuban exiles , it is a difficult pill to swallow .
Through five decades they have sustained the dream that one day Fidel Castro would be gone and they could quickly return to their beloved homeland .
Now they have to adapt to another reality .
“ The expectation here was always that the change is going to happen from one day to the next , that we were going to wake up one morning and find that the boss is gone and church bells are ringing .
That has n’t happened , ” said sociologist Lisandro Perez .
The exile community , who number about 650,000 in south Florida , is not a monolith .
Polls have shown older exiles are more likely to hold on to the idea of eventually returning to Cuba than younger ones who grew up in the United States .
But Cuba still dominates Cuban - American life to a remarkable degree , which psychiatrist Eugenio Rothe blames on what he calls “ unresolved mourning . ”
“ One thing very observable here , especially among older people , is the nostalgia about Cuba , the idealized remembrance of the lost country , ” Rothe said .
“ There is a constant yearning to reunite with it .
But in the end there is the realization that those times are gone , and what you have is only memory . ”
Slideshow ( 10 images )
HATRED
Anger at Castro , who seized power in a 1959 revolution and recast what had been a free , though troubled Cuba into a one - party communist country , also feeds the dream of returning .
Anti-Castro militants , many now as elderly and infirm as the 81 - year - old Fidel Castro , still train in the Florida swamps for a long - awaited confrontation .
A Little Havana store sells toilet paper imprinted with Castro ’s image .
At a Florida International University conference last week , noted Cuban architect Nicolas Quintana did not hide his contempt for Castro nor his dismay at being an exile .
“ I call Fidel ‘el innombrado ’ ( the unnamed ) .
I do n’t like to name him , it so dirties my mouth , ” Quintana said with a look of distaste .
“ I left Cuba when I was 35 .
I ’ve lived 35 years in Cuba , 47 years outside of Cuba .
It traumatizes me , ” he said .
Even as Miami faces the fact that the “ big bang ” theory of Cuban change it embraced for so long now looks unlikely , the exile community prepares for what it believes is inevitable .
Quintana is heading up the formulation of a redevelopment plan for Havana and its environs that he said will restore the beauty of the now - decrepit city .
The proposal is funded in part by a Miami developer who said a million new homes will need to be constructed to alleviate a chronic housing shortage in a free Havana .
Not losing hope is a big part of the Cuban exile experience , said Juan Antonio Bueno , an architect involved in the Havana restoration plan .
“ When I left Cuba , I remember saying ‘ Goodbye , see you in six months . ’
That was in 1960 , I was 13 , ” he said .
“ We just got on the plane and I ’ve still got my return ticket .
I tell people one of these days I ’m going to use it . ”
Activion CEO Bobby Kotick says that for the PS3 and 360 to have any hope of achieving mass - market appeal , their prices must drop to $ 199 .
Speaking at the Reuters Media Summit , Kotick said that price , not technology , is what really matters to the consumer .
As Kotick sees it , the Wii is setting the industry standard at the moment , and Sony and Microsoft would be wise to follow suit :
In the next 24 months they all will need to be at that $ 199 price point , and you can imagine Nintendo will be down to the $ 129 price point over the next few years .
Lower prices would undoubtedly go a long way towards persuading non-core gamers to pick up a 360 or PS3 , but at that point perceived value starts to get a bit muddled .
A brand new DS Lite goes for $ 130 – are we really saying that a PS3 or 360 is only worth $ 70 more ?
Obviously , " worth " is a relative concept , and the more people playing games the better , but at some point , do n't we have to acknowledge that the tech inside the box has an value independent of the consumer 's appreciation ?
A plasma TV is still a plasma TV , whether you watch it or not .
Activision CEO : $ 199 for consoles critical [ Reuters ]
While it ’s not quite time for them to sing “ Ding - Dong , The Witch Is Dead , ” technology - obsessed writers on the Web are certainly celebrating an awfully embarrassing admission by the Motion Picture Association of America .
For more than two years , the association has drawn attention to a statistic that one blogger today termed “ a big old lie ” — that college students were responsible for 44 percent of the movie industry ’s claimed domestic losses , because of prodigious illegal downloading .
On Tuesday , reports confirmed that the crow - eating had commenced , starting with this sharper - than - usual lead paragraph from The Associated Press :
Hollywood laid much of the blame for illegal movie downloading on college students .
Now , it says its math was wrong .
The math was wrong by a factor of three ; the new estimate is down to 15 percent of the industry ’s losses .
The A.P. deemed that a “ mistake ” in its headline , while bloggers joyously chose words like “ bogus , ” “ botched , ” “ grossly inflated ” and “ lying ” in theirs .
The M.P.A.A. said the original figure , from a 2005 study , was wrong because of “ human error , ” without elaborating .
In a statement obtained by Inside Higher Education , the association said it was taking the error “ very seriously ” and vowing to investigate how it happened .
But the association stuck to its offensive against college students :
“ The latest data confirms that college campuses are still faced with a significant problem .
Although college students make up 3 percent of the population , they are responsible for a disproportionate amount of stolen movie products in this country . ”
At stake is the industry association ’s campaign for a federal law requiring that colleges act to prevent “ peer to peer ” movie and music piracy on campus , known as P2P .
Both the Senate and the House are considering versions of the measure , and it was unclear whether the news about the exaggerated loss estimates would affect the legislative climate .
Education leaders , for one , are certainly hoping that it will , as Kenneth C. Green , the director of The Campus Computing Project , explained to Inside Higher Education :
“ The corrected M.P.A.A. numbers clearly confirm what many of us have said for a very long time : that P2P piracy is primarily a consumer broadband issue , not primarily a campus network issue , and that colleges and universities are more concerned and far more engaged in efforts to stem illegal P2P activity than are consumer broadband providers . ”
Not only is the industry group ’s math wrong , Mr. Green said , but so are its manners : “ The M.P.A.A. owes an apology to the campus community , ” he is quoted as saying .
[ Python - 3000 ] RELEASED Python 2.6a1 and 3.0a3
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1
On behalf of the Python development team and the Python community , I 'm happy to announce the first alpha release of Python 2.6 , and the third alpha release of Python 3.0 .
Python 2.6 is not only the next advancement in the Python 2 series , it is also a transitionary release , helping developers begin to prepare their code for Python 3.0 .
As such , many features are being backported from Python 3.0 to 2.6 .
It makes sense to release both versions in at the same time , the precedence for this having been set with the Python 1.6 and 2.0 releases .
During the alpha testing cycle we will be releasing both versions in lockstep , on a monthly release cycle .
The releases will happen on the last Friday of every month .
If this schedule works well , we will continue releasing in lockstep during the beta program .
See PEP 361 for schedule details : http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0361/
Please note that these are alpha releases , and as such are not suitable for production environments .
We continue to strive for a high degree of quality , but there are still some known problems and the feature sets have not been finalized .
These alphas are being released to solicit feedback and hopefully discover bugs , as well as allowing you to determine how changes in 2.6 and 3.0 might impact you .
If you find things broken or incorrect , please submit a bug report at http://bugs.python.org
For more information and downloadable distributions , see the Python 2.6 web site : http://www.python.org/download/releases/2.6/ and the Python 3.0 web site : http://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/
We are planning a number of additional alpha releases , with the final release schedule still to be determined .
Enjoy , - - Barry Barry Warsaw barry at python.org Python 2.6/3.0 Release Manager ( on behalf of the entire python - dev team ) -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.8 ( Darwin ) iQCVAwUBR8mlu3EjvBPtnXfVAQKePAQAgx6w9wztfJaSWkbKrbwur2U6t6o5aIY5 pyMa00CZWY06p8099BztcSjgp5rKrd6/9V7cJ0NP7NLZ+tz20uRfyI8uqoIYBIWC
ibJay6SSnzgOQM3PRIJV/K/m0dVPPPVD1LDnoEvuu+cKUpV434yHdgWkMPswsxUd fLydrXABlOM = =l6aj -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
Like in other countries there is a mania for tattoos among criminals , but in Russia they give much more sense for those signs on their bodies .
Each even smallest detail can be interpreted as a biography verse from the life of tattoo owner , both police and criminals can just look at the body of the tattooed person and tell all his deeds .
Russian criminal tattoos have a complex system of symbols which can give quite detailed information about the wearer .
Not only do the symbols carry meaning but the area of the body on which they are placed may be meaningful too .
The initiation tattoo of a new gang member is usually placed on the chest and may incorporate a rose .
A rose on the chest is also used within the Russian Mafia .
Wearing false or unearned tattoos is punishable by death in the criminal underworld .
Tattoos done in a Russian prison have a distinct blueish color and usually appear somewhat blurred because of the lack of instruments to draw fine lines .
The ink is often created from burning the heel of a shoe and mixing the soot with urine .
In addition to voluntary tattooing , tattoos are used to stigmatize and punish individuals within the criminal society .
They may be placed on an individual who fails to pay debts in card games , or otherwise breaks the criminal code , and often have very blatant sexual images , embarrassing the wearer .
The victim of a forcibly applied tattoo is nevertheless required to pay the tattoo artist for his work .
Army suicide rates are now nearly double their 2001 levels
Eighty - nine suicides were confirmed in 2007 , and if 32 suspected suicides are also confirmed , the total will rise above the 2006 figure of 102 .
The 2006 suicide rate was the highest since US army records began in 1980 .
" I think it 's a marker of the stress on the force , " said army psychiatric consultant Colonel Elsbeth Ritchie .
" Families are tired " .
The data , released at a news conference , also showed that more than 2,000 soldiers had tried to take their own lives or injure themselves in 2007 , compared with fewer than 1,500 the previous year .
We have been perturbed by the rise , despite all of our efforts
Colonel Elsbeth Ritchie
US army psychiatric consultant
Army suicide rates have risen in recent years , coinciding with the US - led military action in Iraq and Afghanistan .
With military resources stretched , last year the Pentagon extended tours of duty from 12 months to 15 .
It has also sent some troops back to the wars several times .
Post - traumatic stress
Col Ritchie , psychiatric consultant to the army 's surgeon general , said most suicides involved relationship difficulties , while a smaller percentage stemmed from legal , financial or occupational problems .
In general , soldiers did not take their lives as a direct result of combat , she said .
" The other issue is post - traumatic stress disorder , and historically post - traumatic stress disorder is associated with strained relationships , with substance abuse , so there can be in some cases a cascade , " she said .
The US army 's suicide rate was 17.5 per 100,000 troops in 2006 .
This is lower than 19.9 for 100,000 in a comparable sector of the civilian population , but the army 's highest since 1980 , and close to double its lowest of 9.1 per 100,000 in 2001 .
Col Ritchie said the army was increasing mental health care for its troops and support for soldiers in handling relationship problems .
" We 're trying to decrease stigma , but that is not an easy thing to do at all , " she said .
" We have been perturbed by the rise , despite all of our efforts . "
WASHINGTON , Oct. 29 — State Department investigators offered Blackwater USA security guards immunity during an inquiry into last month ’s deadly shooting of 17 Iraqis in Baghdad — a potentially serious investigative misstep that could complicate efforts to prosecute the company ’s employees involved in the episode , government officials said Monday .
The State Department investigators from the agency ’s investigative arm , the Bureau of Diplomatic Security , offered the immunity grants even though they did not have the authority to do so , the officials said .
Prosecutors at the Justice Department , who do have such authority , had no advance knowledge of the arrangement , they added .
Most of the guards who took part in the Sept. 16 shooting were offered what officials described as limited - use immunity , which means that they were promised that they would not be prosecuted for anything they said in their interviews with the authorities as long as their statements were true .
The immunity offers were first reported Monday by The Associated Press .
The officials who spoke of the immunity deals have been briefed on the matter , but agreed to talk about the arrangement only on the condition of anonymity because they had not been authorized to discuss a continuing criminal investigation .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
EMMELOORD , Netherlands ( Reuters ) - Motorists nostalgic for the time they could sit tight while attendants braved windswept garage forecourts to fill their tanks may yet see those heady days return -- compliments of a Dutch robot .
Dutch inventors unveiled Monday a 75,000 euro ( $ 111,100 ) car - fuelling robot they say is the first of its kind , working by registering the car on arrival at the filling station and matching it to a database of fuel cap designs and fuel types .
A robotic arm fitted with multiple sensors extends from a regular petrol pump , carefully opens the car ’s flap , unscrews the cap , picks up the fuel nozzle and directs it toward the tank opening , much as a human arm would , and as efficiently .
“ I was on a farm and I saw a robotic arm milking a cow .
If a robot can do that then why ca n’t it fill a car tank , I thought , ” said developer and petrol station operator Nico van Staveren .
“ Drivers need n’t get dirty hands or smell of petrol again . ”
He hopes to introduce the “ Tankpitstop ” robot in a handful of Dutch stations by the end of the year .
It works for any car whose tank can be opened without a key , and whose contours and dimensions have been recorded to avoid scratching .
Asked whether he would trust his car to a robotic garage attendant , Jelger De Kroon , filling his black Alfa Romeo at a nearby petrol station , said : “ Why not ?
I guess I could keep my hands free and clean , but I ’d hope they have good insurance . ”
dailykos
Gillibrand to speak w/ Conyers & Nadler re : Impeachment Hearings
“ The administration has stifled all discussion , ” the congresswoman said .
“ What has to happen are contempt hearings .
Investigations take time .
I have no doubt the chairmen will pursue these investigations .
Some resolutions are not worded well and I do n’t support them .
There need to be contempt hearings because there ’s resistance to producing evidence . ”
The chairmen she was referring to were U.S. Rep. John Conyers of Michigan , chair of the House Judiciary Committee , and U.S. Rep. Jerrold Nadler of New York , chair of the Constitution , Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Subcommittee , both Democrats .
Neither has allowed H Res 799 or H Res 333 , the articles of impeachment against Cheney , to be discussed .
Following the meeting , Gillibrand told McCabe she was “ shocked ” that Nadler , who she considers “ very progressive , ” was blocking this , and promised to talk to both him and Conyers about the issue .
( Original Article )
( CNN ) -- Wisconsin and Hawaii handed Sen. Barack Obama his 9th and 10th consecutive wins Tuesday , CNN projects , while Sen . John McCain picked up two more states in his march to the Republican nomination .
Sen .
John McCain is looking to pick up more delegates as he inches toward his party 's nomination .
more photos »
" The change we seek is still months and miles away , " Obama said Tuesday night in Houston , Texas .
He 's emerged as the Democratic front - runner over Sen. Hillary Clinton after a split - decision on Super Tuesday two weeks ago .
" It is going to require more than rousing speeches .
...
It is going to require something more , because the problem that we face in America today is not the lack of good ideas .
It 's that Washington has become a place where good ideas go to die , " he said .
Watch Obama rally supporters »
Obama and Clinton have turned their attention to Ohio and Texas , which hold contests March 4 .
Early voting began in Texas on Tuesday .
In the Republican race , Wisconsin gives McCain at least 13 more delegates ; 24 more delegates are to be awarded to the winner of each congressional district .
The remaining three GOP delegates are unpledged Republican National Committee members .
McCain also picked up a win in Washington state 's primary .
McCain and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee were competing for 19 delegates in Washington .
Eighteen delegates were awarded earlier in the state 's caucuses .
As Obama has edged ahead of Clinton in the Democratic race , McCain has increasingly directed criticism toward the Illinois senator .
Watch how Obama won Wisconsin »
" I will fight every moment of every day in this campaign to make sure Americans are not deceived by an eloquent but empty call for change , " McCain told supporters Tuesday night .
" Our purpose is to keep this blessed country free , safe , prosperous and proud , " McCain said .
Watch McCain thank Wisconsin »
CNN estimates McCain has gathered 909 delegates toward the 1,191 needed for the nomination .
Huckabee has 217 .
While the Arizona senator leads by a wide margin in the delegate count , Huckabee said he intends to stay in the race .
" Some of you have suggested that the reason I keep going is maybe just there 's some ego trip .
Let me assure you -- if it were ego , my ego does n't enjoy getting these kind of evenings where we do n't win , " Huckabee said Tuesday night .
" So it 's got to be something more than that , and it is .
It 's about convictions and it's about principles that I dearly , dearly believe in . "
Watch Huckabee vow to keep fighting »
Clinton joined McCain in accusing Obama of lacking specifics as she addressed supporters Tuesday .
Check out CNN 's analysis of the results »
" I want to talk to you about the choice you have in this election and why that choice matters .
It is about picking a president who relies not just on words but on work -- on hard work to get America back to work , " Clinton said in Youngstown , Ohio .
Watch Clinton talk about solutions »
" We can't just have speeches .
We 've got to have solutions and we need those solutions for America .
We 've got to get America back in the solutions business . "
McCain was looking for big wins Tuesday to demonstrate he is starting to unify the Republican Party behind his nomination , including conservatives upset by his positions on immigration , campaign finance and other issues .
Clinton and Obama were running a tight race for the Democratic nomination , while on the Republican side , presumptive nominee McCain was hoping voters could help him finally knock his last major rival out of the race .
View pictures from the polls and campaign trail »
In Washington , election officials were opening ballots in the largely vote - by - mail state .
The results will have no impact on how the state 's Democratic delegates will be distributed because the delegate allocation was determined February 9 in the state 's caucuses .
Obama beat Clinton , 68 percent to 31 percent .
Obama scored a projected win in the Hawaii Democratic caucuses , the state where he was born and still has family .
The Clinton campaign dispatched Chelsea Clinton , the New York senator 's daughter , to rally support .
Obama 's sister , Maya Soetoro - Ng , has stumped for her brother .
McCain and Obama have been targeting each other in campaign speeches recently , but Tuesday morning , their wives got into the fray .
As Cindy McCain introduced her husband at a campaign event , she told the crowd " I am proud of my country .
I do n't know about you , if you heard those words earlier -- I am very proud of my country . "
The comment seemed to be a response to a remark from Michelle Obama the day before .
On Monday , she told a Wisconsin audience that " For the first time in my adult life , I am really proud of my country , because it feels like hope is making a comeback ... not just because Barack has done well , but because I think people are hungry for change . "
Obama leads Clinton in the overall delegate count -- 1,294 to 1,234 , according to CNN estimates .
The estimate includes the support of superdelegates , the party officials and elected officials who are free to vote for any candidate at the party 's national convention .
Check out a list of the superdelegates »
Ninety - four Democratic delegates were at stake Tuesday .
Both candidates are short of the 2,025 delegates needed to win the nomination , and it is very likely the roughly 800 superdelegates will ultimately decide who will be chosen as the Democratic presidential nominee .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Chelsea Clinton • Hillary Clinton • John McCain
Reiser 's testimony draws a chuckle from Judge
Larry Goodman .
* Courtroom sketch : Wired.com / Norman Quebedeau .*OAKLAND , California – Even the judge chuckled , or at least did a poor job of concealing it from the bench here .
Alameda County Superior Court Judge Larry Goodman , who is overseeing the Hans Reiser murder trial , smiled and briefly laughed to himself Thursday as the murder defendant rambled on whether he was nervous the day he unexpectedly showed up to his children 's school the first day of class after his wife vanished .
That was two days after the computer programmer 's estranged wife , Nina Reiser , was last seen when she went to her husband 's Oakland hills residence Sept. 3 , 2006 to drop off the divorcing couple 's two young children .
The authorities said she never left the house alive .
" We 're you nervous ? " prosecutor Paul Hora asked the developer of the ReiserFS filesystem on his third day of cross examination .
" No . "
Hora asked whether the defendant avoided eye contact with one of the school 's teachers , who had testified in December that the defendant was acting strange on Sept. 5 , 2006 , when he showed up after classes ended .
" At that time , I avoided eye contact , " the defendant said .
Then the open source guru offered an unsolicited reason :
" I do n't have a specific memory of avoiding eye contact .
At that time , it was my usual method of interaction to not look people in to the eyes as much as normal people do .
Somehow when I was a teenager I got the idea that it was kind of impolite to look people in the eyes . "
The judge tried to hide his chuckle with his hand .
Some jurors shook their heads in apparent disbelief .
One put her head to her waist with her hand on forehead as the defendant explained why he went to his kids ' school on the day it was his wife 's day to pick them up .
Earlier on Thursday , the defendant testified he tried to hide his car from police who had a search warrant for it .
As Thursday 's afternoon session wore on , many jurors sat with their hands over their mouths and quit taking notes as the 44 - year - old defendant and prosecutor played verbal volleyball .
Some jurors lightly shook their heads while others looked like they were in a trance .
The defendant claims his wife , at age 31 , abandoned their kids – a boy now 8 and girl now 6 – after he confronted her with allegations that she stole money from his software company , Namesys .
Hans Reiser testified his children 's school left him a phone message that his estranged wife was not there to pick up his children but her best friend would be picking them up .
He initially was n't going to worry about it , but then decided he needed to go to the school so he could put his mother , Beverly Palmer , on the children 's pickup list , the defendant testified .
Courtroom sketch : Wired.com / Norman Quebedeau .
" My first thought was that it was Nina 's problem .
My second thought was to reconsider that and to also put my mom on the pickup list , " he testified .
Days ago , however , he testified he was acting nervous when he showed up to the school because he thought being at his kids ' school on a day he did n't have custody might count against him in his custody battle with his wife .
On Thursday , the prosecutor asked why the defendant did n't call the school to put his mother on the list .
He also wondered aloud why the defendant did n't go to the school the next day , Wednesday , when it was his day of custody and time of week to retrieve the kids .
" When I need my mother to pick up he kids .
It 's never a planned event , " the defendant replied , adding : " If I did n't take care of it right then , I would forget about it . "
" Even though you knew it was a no no to be there on a non-custody day ? "
Hora asked .
" You decided to go down there anyway and check the pickup list , right ? "
( Long pause )
" I 've been told to say I do n't understand the question . "
After some badgering from the prosecutor , Hans Reiser replied :
" Because I would have forgotten it on Wednesday , " he said .
Then , unsolicited , he added :
" Things like paperwork , I put them off and never deal with them , " he said .
" That 's been my whole life paying late fees and filing applications after they are due . "
Hans Reiser examines phone records for the prosecution .
* Courtroom sketch : Wired.com / Norman Quebedeau .* Then Hora asked him again whether he was nervous that day he appeared at his children 's school .
( After the defendant left the school , the kids went home with Nina 's best friend . )
" How nervous is nervous ? " the defendant replied .
When he was at the school , the defendant supplied the school with his wrong mobile phone number .
Hans Reiser responded that sometimes he forgot his number .
Prosecutor Hora noted that the defendant 's mother was already on the school pickup list and that , because his wife had sole legal custody , he was not authorized to dictate who could take his kids from school .
" Did you , " Hora asked , " have something else on your mind ? "
As the session was breaking for the day , Hora displayed telephone records and asked why he called Nina 's mobile phone at 5 p.m. that day and hang up when her answering message went on .
He replied that he was checking to make sure the children got picked up from school .
Hora asked why the defendant did not follow up with calls to Nina 's best friend or to the school to find out for sure whether the kids got home that day .
" Because I just did n't care about it that much , " he said .
Moments later , he added : " Because I 'm an inconsiderate asshole . "
Trial is dark until April 1 for jurors ' vacations .
THREAT LEVEL is providing gavel - to - gavel coverage .
See Also :
Garbage Collection in Erlang
Given its " soft real time " label , I expected Erlang to use some fancy incremental garbage collection approach .
And indeed , such an approach exists , but it 's slower than traditional GC in practice ( because it touches the entire the heap , not just the live data ) .
In reality , garbage collection in Erlang is fairly vanilla .
Processes start out using a straightforward compacting collector .
If a process gets large , it is automatically switched over to a generational scheme .
The generational collector is simpler than in some languages , because there 's no way to have an older generation pointing to data in a younger generation ( remember , you ca n't destructively modify a list or tuple in Erlang ) .
The key is that garbage collection in Erlang is per process .
A system may have tens of thousands of processes , using a gigabyte of memory overall , but if GC occurs in a process with a 20 K heap , then the collector only touches that 20 K and collection time is imperceptible .
With lots of small processes , you can think of this as a truly incremental collector .
But there 's still a lurking worst case in Erlang :
What if all of those processes run out of memory more or less in the same wall - clock moment ?
And there 's nothing preventing an application from using one massive process ( such is the case with the Wings 3D modeller ) .
Per-process GC allows a slick technique that can completely prevent garbage collection in some circumstances .
Using spawn_opt instead of the more common spawn , you can specify the initial heap size for a process .
If you know , as discovered through profiling , that a process rapidly grows up to 200K and then terminates , you can give that process an initial heap size of 200K .
Data keeps getting added to the end of the heap , and then before garbage collection kicks in , the process heap is deleted and its contents are never scanned .
The other pragmatic approach to reducing the cost of garbage collection in Erlang is that lots of data is kept outside of the per-process heaps :
Binaries > 64 bytes .
Large binaries are allocated in a separate heap outside the scope of a process .
Binaries can't , by definition , contain pointers to other data , so they 're reference counted .
If there 's a 50 MB binary loaded , it 's guaranteed never to be copied as part of garbage collection .
Data stored in ETS tables .
When you look up key in an ETS table , the data associated with that key is copied into the heap for the process the request originated from .
For structurally large values ( say , a tuple of 500 elements ) the copy from ETS table space to the process heap may become expensive , but if there 's 100 MB of total data in a table , there 's no risk of all that data being scanned at once by a garbage collector .
Data structure constants .
This is new in Erlang .
Atom names .
Atom name strings are stored in a separate data area and are not garbage collected .
In Lisp , it 's common for symbol names to be stored on the main heap , which adds to garbage collection time .
But that also means that dynamically creating symbols in Lisp is a reasonable approach to some problems , but it 's not something you want to do in Erlang .
permalink January 6 , 2008
previously
Votes took place in four states and the US Virgin Islands
Obama claims victory
The Illinois senator won in Louisiana , Nebraska and Washington state and won caucuses in the US Virgin Islands .
Mr Obama is almost neck - and - neck with Hillary Clinton in the nationwide battle to be the party 's nominee .
For the Republicans , Mike Huckabee beat frontrunner John McCain in Kansas and Louisiana .
Mr McCain was declared the winner in Washington , reports said .
' Suspicious of McCain '
The BBC's James Coomarasamy , in Washington DC , says Mr Obama 's easy victories in the Democratic contests will not be decisive , but they will return him the initiative .
In a speech to Democrats in Virginia , Mr Obama said the momentum of the day 's results would enable him to win his next contest , in Virginia on Tuesday .
" Today the voters from the west coast to the Gulf coast , to the heart of America , stood up to say ' yes we can ' ... we won north , we won south , we won in between . "
As for the Republicans , our correspondent says that Mr Huckabee 's victories in Kansas and Louisiana show that there is a socially conservative section of the Republican Party that is very suspicious of John McCain , so Mr McCain has some work to do to unite his party .
Mr Huckabee and third - placed Ron Paul have been coming under pressure to step aside for the sake of party unity .
Mr Huckabee said on Saturday that he had no intention of pulling out .
" Am I quitting ?
Let 's get that settled right now .
No , I 'm not , " he said .
" I majored in miracles , and I still believe in them . "
Going into Saturday 's contests , Mr McCain had a wide lead with 719 delegates , to Mr Huckabee 's 198 and Mr Paul 's 14 .
Mr Romney 's suspended campaign still has 298 delegates .
On the Democratic side , Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton are facing the prospect of a long drawn - out battle after neither was able to deliver a knock - out blow in Super Tuesday 's 22 state contests .
Fight for funds
In advance of the 9 February contests Mrs Clinton had won 1,055 delegates to Mr Obama 's 998 of the 2,025 needed to secure victory at the Democratic party convention in August .
RESULTS SO FAR Democratic Party :
Hillary Clinton : 1095 delegates , 13 states Barack Obama : 1070 delegates , 18 states Republican Party : John McCain : 719 delegates , 12 states Mike Huckabee : 234 delegates , 7 states Ron Paul : 14 delegates , 0 states
Mr Obama 's success in Washington , Louisiana and Nebraska will add to his delegate tally and buoy up his supporters .
But Mrs Clinton 's campaign says that she expects to take victory at the forthcoming primaries in Maine on 10 February and in Texas and Ohio on 4 March .
As well as fighting for every vote , the candidates are also jostling for funds .
The Obama campaign says it has raised $ 7 m ( £ 3.6 m ) since Tuesday .
The Clinton camp is now claiming a similar fund raising bump , gaining $ 6.4 m .
They earlier admitted that the former first lady had lent her campaign $ 5 m to paper over what aides called a " temporary cash flow problem " .
Internet Service Providers in My Area I ISP by Zip
Methodology for Finding Service
Determining which internet service providers offer broadband access in specific areas , as well as identifying the best deals available , can be time - consuming without the right resources .
We help answer pertinent questions related to this important decision so that you do not mistakenly enter into a lengthy contract that does not meet your needs .
1st - you will want to consider selecting a speed that fits your needs .
If you already know what type of service you are interested in , you can compare the latest online - only promotions with our easy to understand side - by - side comparison chart .
Selecting the Right Speed Plan
We believe you should not overpay for your internet service subscription and that you should be satisfied with the speed plan you have selected in a manner that fits your lifestyle .
Everyone uses the internet for different purposes and we strongly believe you should think through your intended use prior to selecting a provider or speed plan .
To help make this decision easier , we have segmented each of the major providers into speed levels in an easy to understand format .
All plans will fit into one of five speed levels :
< 768 kbps
Up to 1.5 Mbps
Up to 3 Mbps
5 to 7 Mbps
> 7 Mbps
Which Internet Service Provider is Right for You ?
There are many options available when it comes to broadband service , especially when you are thinking of bundling additional services like television and digital voice .
Since making the right choice will impact your internet experience and your wallet , we are here to assist you in making an educated decision by helping you :
Choose a plan that complements your lifestyle
Avoid overpaying for a speed plan you may not need
Find current special online - only offers to help you save
Identify providers in your area / zip code
Leading DSL providers
Below you will find a recap of the most popular DSL service providers in the country .
AT&T Internet Service :
With four DSL plans , plus five U - verse packages available , this provider has more speed plans available than any of the other top internet service providers in the industry .
They continue to be the top pick on our website because of the wide range of choices .
Verizon Internet Service : Besides being highly respected in the broadband industry , Verizon regularly offers valuable incentives like discounted subscription rates , free equipment , and no contract requirements .
Plus , their lightning fast speed offerings in their FiOS service give them claim to fame for the fastest internet available to consumers .
CenturyLink Internet Service : CenturyLink speeds and low pricing are legendary , and their four available speed plans can handle whatever fits your lifestyle .
But they also have great online promotions available like free Wi-Fi , and discounted subscription rates for the first year .
Check them out if they are among your available options for internet service providers in your city .
Fiber Optics Internet Service
Fiber optic lines transmit the cleanest , clearest signals and are ideally suited for the transmission of digital information .
This means a much higher quality television viewing experience .
AT&T U-verse® : Besides having amazing speed offerings available ranging from 3 to 24 Mbps with no contract to sign , U - verse Internet has wireless home networking built right in .
You ’ll be pleased at the at competitive price points for so much flexibility in internet service or available bundles .
Verizon FIOS ® :
The only broadband network that is 100 % fiber - to - the - home makes this offering the fastest internet experience , bar none .
Speeds range from 15 to 50 Mbps .
With no contract required , along with online incentives like free wireless routers , waiving the activation and installation fees , or free months of their premium entertainment packs , bundling never looked so attractive .
Cable Internet Service Providers
Cable internet service runs on shared bandwidth , which means others in your neighborhood share your connection .
While you most likely will not notice a huge discrepancy when others are online , when the bandwidth is clear , you will experience blazingly - fast downloads .
XFINITY High Speed Internet : Among internet service providers , this one has good introductory deals including cash back offers , free wireless modems with select plans , and low priced introductory months .
Bundling will also get you premium television channels for an introductory period .
Charter Internet™ : Speed offerings up to 30 Mbps , make this internet service provider a top notch selection for whatever your high speed needs are .
They often provide cash back incentives , free cable modems as well as wireless routers on certain bundles .
Road Runner® High Speed Online : Speed plans up to 7
Mbps , free cable modem , low introductory rate for the first 12 months , along with online rebates on bundles occasionally offered , make this a solid broadband performer for all your high speed access needs .
In addition to the tools on this page you can also find some valuable resources that make it easy to search for Internet providers by zip code .
Our website guides you to check availability of internet service providers by zip code right on the providers ' websites , enabling you to narrow down your list and compare your options immediately .
On our special offers page , you will not only find a comprehensive comparison chart detailing offerings from the leading internet service providers , but you can also navigate to the actual ISPs site by clicking on the check availability link .
In addition to a zip code , consumers will have to enter additional address information into some of the forms .
The various internet service providers carry the most current databases ensuring that if they say service will reach your area , it actually will .
If you are having trouble identifying internet service providers in my area , this page may help in making an easier choice .
For more than half a century , Americans have proved staggeringly resourceful at finding new ways to spend money .
In the 1950s and ’60s , as credit cards grew in popularity , many began dining out when the mood struck or buying new television sets on the installment plan rather than waiting for payday .
By the 1980s , millions of Americans were entrusting their savings to the booming stock market , using the winnings to spend in excess of their income .
Millions more exuberantly borrowed against the value of their homes .
But now the freewheeling days of credit and risk may have run their course — at least for a while and perhaps much longer — as a period of involuntary thrift unfolds in many households .
With the number of jobs shrinking , housing prices falling and debt levels swelling , the same nation that pioneered the no-money - down mortgage suddenly confronts an unfamiliar imperative : more Americans must live within their means .
“ We do n’t use our credit cards anymore , ” said Lisa Merhaut , a professional at a telecommunications company who lives in Leesburg , Va. , and whose family last year ran up credit card debt it could not handle .
Today , Ms. Merhaut , 44 , manages her money the way her father did .
Despite a household income reaching six figures , she uses cash for every purchase .
“ What we have is what we have , ” Ms. Merhaut said .
“ We have to rely on the money that we ’re bringing in . ”
The shift under way feels to some analysts like a cultural inflection point , one with huge implications for an economy driven overwhelmingly by consumer spending .
While some experts question whether most Americans , particularly baby boomers , will ever give up their buy - now / pay - later way of life , the unraveling of the real estate market appears to have left millions of families with little choice , yanking fresh credit from their grasp .
“ The long collapse in the United States savings rate is over , ” said Ethan S. Harris , chief United States economist for Lehman Brothers .
“ People are going to start saving the old - fashioned way , rather than letting the stock market and rising home values do it for them . ”
In 1984 , Americans were still saving more than one - tenth of their income , according to the government .
A decade later , the rate was down by half .
Now , the savings rate is slightly negative , suggesting that on average Americans spend more than their disposable income .
Though the savings rate does not account for the increased value of stock and property , or the gains on retirement accounts , many economists still view it as the most useful gauge of the degree to which Americans are making provisions for the future .
For the 34 million households who took money out of their homes over the last four years by refinancing or borrowing against their equity — roughly one - third of the nation — the savings rate was running at a negative 13 percent in the middle of 2006 , according to Moody ’s Economy.com .
That means they were borrowing heavily against their assets to finance their day - to - day lives .
By late last year , the savings rate for this group had improved , but just to negative 7 percent and mostly because tightened standards made loans harder to get .
“ For them , that game is over , ” said Mark Zandi , chief economist at Economy.com .
“ They have been spending well beyond their incomes , and now they are seeing the limits of credit . ”
Many times before , of course , Americans have found innovative ways to finance spending , even when austerity seemed unavoidable .
It could happen again .
The Me Decade was declared dead in the recession of the early 1980s , only to yield to the Age of Greed and later the Internet boom of the 1990s .
Over the longer term , the economy should keep growing at a pace that reflects improving productivity and population gains .
But for the first time in decades , credit is especially tight as the bursting of the housing bubble has spread misery across the financial system .
In homes now saturated with debt , conspicuous consumption and creative financing have come to seem a sign of excess not unlike that of a suntan in an age of skin cancer .
The return to reality is on vivid display at shopping centers , where consumers used to trading up to higher - price stores are now heading to discounters .
Wal - Mart and T. J. Maxx are thriving , but business has slowed at Coach , Tiffany and Williams - Sonoma .
Not long ago , Elena Gamble would have looked at the Cadillac parked across the street from her modest home in Elk City , Okla . , and felt a twinge of jealousy .
“ We live in a small town , and everybody looks at your clothes and what you drive and where you have your hair done , ” said Ms. Gamble , who earns about $ 2,600 a month as a grievance counselor at a local prison .
Now , she and her husband — a prison guard who brings home $ 2,000 a month — are grappling with $ 10,000 in high - interest debt .
They no longer go to the movies or out to eat , except occasionally to McDonald’s .
They quit their Internet service .
Their car was repossessed .
“ What we say now is , ‘ If we ca n’t afford it , we ca n’t buy it , ’ ” Ms. Gamble said .
And when she looks across the street at that Cadillac , her envy has been replaced by pity for the neighbor on the hook .
“ I say , ‘ Oh my , you ’re living here , and driving that ?
There ’s got to be something wrong , ’ ” Ms. Gamble said .
“ ‘ You ’re in debt , and you ’re in trouble . ’ ”
For decades , that envy has been a prime engine of economic growth .
Debt - willing consumers hungering for the latest - generation this and the fastest that kept factories busy from Michigan to Malaysia .
From 1980 to 2007 , consumer spending swelled from 63 percent of the economy to over 70 percent , according to Economy.com , while the share of after - tax income absorbed by household debt increased from 11 percent to more than 14 percent .
During the technology boom of the 1990s , an extravagant mind - set took hold .
In ads for the discount broker Ameritrade , a spiky - haired hipster ridiculed middle - aged professionals for settling for conventional returns .
Even after the “ stock market as money machine ” line of thinking proved bogus , extra spending continued .
The Federal Reserve cut interest rates to near record lows , banks marketed mortgages with exotically lenient terms and another fable of wealth creation took hold : the notion that housing prices could go up forever .
The come-ons for stocks were replaced by a new crop of advertisements .
A house was no longer a mere place to live ; it was a checkbook that never required a deposit .
Between 2004 and 2006 , Americans pulled more than $ 800 billion a year from their homes via sales , cash - out mortgages and home equity loans .
“ People have come to view credit as savings , ” said Michelle Jones , a vice president at the Consumer Credit Counseling Service of Greater Atlanta .
Some Americans have so much wealth that they can spend enough to fuel much of the economy .
The top fifth of American earners generates half of all consumer spending , noted Dean Maki , chief United States economist at Barclays Capital .
For the others , some say credit is an intrinsic part of modern life , and Americans will soon be back for more .
“ A river of red ink runs through the history of the American pocketbook , ” said Lendol Calder , author of “ Financing the American Dream : A Cultural History of Consumer Credit . ”
“ Partly because of desire , partly because of optimism , partly because lenders have been free to invent useful borrowing tools that minimized shame and bother , ” he added , “ I think it will take a great catastrophe , greater than the Great Depression , to wean Americans from their reliance on consumer credit . ”
Credit counselors are now swamped by calls not just from people of modest means , but from professionals earning six - figure incomes , their access to finance warping their distinction between necessity and desire .
“ The longer someone has lived on a high income , the harder it is for someone to cut back , ” said Manuel Navarro of Money Management International in San Diego .
“ I ask them , ‘ Do you really need to have a 60 - inch flat - screen TV hanging on your wall ? ’ ”
Fran Barbaro has an M.B.A. and a résumé of computer industry jobs with salaries reaching $ 150,000 a year .
She used to have a stock portfolio worth about $ 1 million .
She hung original art on the walls of her three - bedroom house in Boston .
But divorce , illness and motherhood drained her savings .
Her home is worth less than she owes , and she owes another $ 200,000 to credit card companies , banks and tax collectors .
Ms. Barbaro , 50 , said she knew she was living beyond her means .
But her house demanded work .
Her two boys needed after - school programs running $ 25,000 a year .
Medical bills multiplied .
“ These were simple day - to - day expenses , ” she said .
“ The money was always there . ”
Until it was n’t .
Her take - home pay is $ 5,200 a month , but her debt payments reach $ 4,400 .
Ms. Barbaro has rented out her house while negotiating to lower her mortgage .
She has moved to an apartment , where her sons sleep in the lone bedroom while she sleeps on a pull - out sofa .
“ It ’s the worst , ” Ms. Barbaro said .
“ How do you salvage what you have and hopefully go back ? ”
[ Via - NYTimes.com ]
5 Worst Valentine Gift Ideas For Her From Amazon .Com
Prof says double dipping could add lots of bacteria to your Super Bowl spread
Germany ’s beer sales hit lowest point in 15 years
Decoding The Past - Secrets Of The Dollar Bill
Candidate : Elect me and I wo n’t serve
Do You Think Your House Is Small ?
Look At This One !
About 12 Saudis are estimated to remain at Guantanamo Bay
The government in Riyadh will mitigate any risk posed by the former detainees with a programme to integrate them into civilian life , the Pentagon says .
Around 275 people remain at the detention centre in Cuba and the Pentagon says another 60 inmates are now eligible for transfer or release .
The US has returned dozens of Saudi former detainees over the past year .
Around a dozen Saudi nationals are estimated to remain at the US facility .
Their detention has been a source of strain between Washington and the government in Riyadh , a close US ally .
Last night CNN en Español aired the above image , which captions at the
bottom " Who Killed him ? " by " accident " .
The image of President Chavez
with the caption about killing him below , which some could say
subliminally incites to assassination , was a " production error "
mistakenly made in the CNN en Español newsroom .
The news anchor had
been narrarating a story about the situation between Colombia and
Venezuela and then switched to a story about an unsolved homicide but -
oops - someone forgot to change the screen image and President Chavez
was left with the killing statement below .
Today they apologized and
admitted it was a rather " unfortunate " and " regrettable " mistake .
Yes ,
it was .
On a scarier note , an internal CIA memorandum has been
obtained by Venezuelan counterintelligence from the US Embassy in
Caracas that reveals a very sinister - almost fantastical , were it not
true - plan to destabilize Venezuela during the coming days .
The plan ,
titled " OPERATION PLIERS " was authored by CIA Officer Michael Middleton
Steere and was addressed to CIA Director General Michael Hayden in
Washington .
Steere is stationed at the US Embassy in Caracas under the
guise of a Regional Affairs Officer .
The internal memorandum , dated
November 20 , 2007 , references the " Advances of the Final Stage of
Operation Pliers " , and confirms that the operation is coordinated by
the team of Human Intelligence ( HUMINT ) in Venezuela .
The memo
summarizes the different scenarios that the CIA has been working on in
Venezuela for the upcoming referendum vote on December 2nd .
The
Electoral Scenario , as it's phrased , confirms that the voting
tendencies will not change substantially before Sunday , December 2nd ,
and that the SI ( YES ) vote in favor of the constitutional reform has an
advantage of about 10 - 13 points over the NO vote .
The CIA estimates
abstention around 60 % and states in the memo that this voting tendency
is irreversible before the elections .
Officer Steere emphasizes
the importance and success of the public relations and propaganda
campaign that the CIA has been funding with more than $ 8 million during
the past month - funds that the CIA confirms are transfered through the
USAID contracted company , Development Alternatives , Inc. , which set up
operations in June 2002 to run the USAID Office for Transition
Initiatives that funds and advises opposition NGOs and political
parties in Venezuela .
The CIA memo specifically refers to these
propaganda initiatives as " psychological operations " ( PSYOPS ) , that
include contracting polling companies to create fraudulent polls that
show the NO vote with an advantage over the SI vote , which is false .
The CIA also confirms in the memo that it is working with international
press agencies to distort the data and information about the
referendum , and that it coordinates in Venezuela with a team of
journalists and media organized and directed by the President of
Globovision , Alberto Federico Ravell .
CIA Officer Michael
Steere recommends to General Michael Hayden two different strategies to
work simultaneously : Impede the referendum and refuse to recognize the
results once the SI vote wins .
Though these strategies appear
contradictory , Steere claims that they must be implemented together
precisely to encourage activities that aim toward impeding the
referendum and at the same time prepare the conditions for a rejection
of the results .
How is this to be done ?
In the memo , the CIA proposes the following tactics and actions :
Take the streets and protest with violent , disruptive actions across the nation
Generate a climate of ungovernability
Provoke a general uprising in a substantial part of the population
Engage
in a " plan to implode " the voting centers on election day by
encouraging opposition voters to " VOTE and REMAIN " in their centers to
agitate others
in a " plan to implode " the voting centers on election day by encouraging opposition voters to " VOTE and REMAIN " in their centers to agitate others Start to release data during the early hours of the
afternoon on Sunday that favor the NO vote ( in clear violation of
election regulations )
afternoon on Sunday that favor the NO vote ( in clear violation of election regulations )
Coordinate these activities with Ravell & Globovision and international press agencies
Coordinate
with ex-militar officers and coupsters Pena Esclusa and Guyon Cellis -
this will be done by the Military Attache for Defense and Army at the
US Embassy in Caracas , Office of Defense , Attack and Operations ( DAO )
To encourage rejection of the results , the CIA proposes :
Creating an acceptance in the public opinion that the NO vote will win for sure
Using polling companies contracted by the CIA
Criticize and discredit the National Elections Council
Generate a sensation of fraud
Use
a team of experts from the universities that will talk about how the
data from the Electoral Registry has been manipulated and will build
distrust in the voting system
The CIA memo also talks about :
Isolating Chavez in the international community
Trying to achieve unity amongst the opposition
Seek an aliance between those abstentionists and those who will vote " NO "
Sustain firmly the propaganda against Chavez
Execute military actions to support the opposition mobilizations and propagandistic occupations
Finalize the operative preparations on the US military bases in Curacao and Colombia to provide support to actions in Venezuela
Control a part of the country during the next 72 - 120 hours
Encourage a military rebellion inside the National Guard forces and other components
Those involved in these actions as detailed in the CIA memo are :
The CIA Office in Venezuela - Office of Regional Affairs , and Officer Michael Steere
US Embassy in Venezuela , Ambassador Patrick Duddy
Office of Defense , Attack and Operations ( DAO ) at the US Embassy in Caracas and Military Attache Richard Nazario
Venezuelan Political Parties :
Comando Nacional de la Resistencia
Accion Democratica
Primero Justicia
Bandera Roja
Media :
Alberto Federico Ravell & Globovision
Interamerican Press Society ( IAPA ) or SIP in Spanish
International Press Agencies
Venezuelans :
Pena Esclusa
Guyon Cellis
Dean of the Simon Bolivar University , Rudolph Benjamin Podolski
Dean of the Andres Bello Catholic University , Ugalde
Students : Yon Goicochea , Juan Mejias , Ronel Gaglio , Gabriel Gallo , Ricardo Sanchez
Operation
Tenaza has the objective of encouraging an armed insurrection in
Venezuela against the government of President Chavez that will justify
an intervention of US forces , stationed on the military bases nearby in
Curacao and Colombia .
The Operation mentions two countries in code : as
Blue and Green .
These refer to Curacao and Colombia , where the US has
operative , active and equipped bases that have been reinforced over the
past year and a half in anticipation of a conflict with Venezuela .
The
document confirms that psychological operations are the CIA 's best and
most effective weapon to date against Venezuela , and it will continue
its efforts to influence international public opinion regarding
President Chavez and the situation in the country .
Operation
Tenaza is a very alarming plan that aims to destabilize Venezuela and
overthrow ( again ) its legitimate and democratic ( and very popularly
support ) president .
The plan will fail , primarily because it has been
discovered , but it must be denounced around the world as an
unacceptable violation of Venezuela 's sovereignty .
The original
document in English will be available in the public sphere soon for
viewing and authenticating purposes .
And it also contains more
information than has been revealed here .
Hooked On Credit !
5 Ways The Credit Card Companies Get Our Kids To Sign Up
Talk to your kids about credit cards , otherwise , they ’ll be fodder to credit card companies .
That ’s the sign of the times , when you see credit card company booths set up at campuses to snag students with offers of fun souvenirs like t- shirts and frisbees .
What a lousy deal but it happens all the time !
How successful are these promotions ?
Seniors graduating from college acquire an average of $ 3,000 in credit card debt spread across at least four cards by the time they ’re out of school .
Financial institutions get more and more creative with time as they build loyalty in their products .
They start early by coming up with ideas that will lure preteens and young teenagers into their fold so that the “ brand ” familiarity takes over when the young individuals apply for successive loans .
These loans accompany and grow with them through each step of their lives and progress from credit card loan to student loan , car loan and onto bigger debt such as a mortgage or home equity line of credit .
How do credit card companies market to kids ?
Some schemes that they ’ve pulled on the vulnerable :
The Credit Card Marketing Machine
# 1 Give away free stuff if someone signs up .
This seems like a pretty common marketing scheme .
Companies make everyone happy by setting up shop somewhere , and offering goodies and freebies .
It ’s just that they do this in exchange for your financial future .
A really bad trade .
# 2 Offer fashionable credit cards .
I was shocked to hear about how credit cards are seen by some as a fashion statement .
This must go down as the strangest reason why to get or even “ collect ” credit cards .
Some people are enticed into collecting them because they are “ cute ” and are cool .
SavingAdvice.com suggests why not just apply some “ credit card skins ” (! ) to your card if you ’re after the cosmetic factor .
You can “ pimp your card ” by doing a few steps ?
# 3 Offer even more cool , configurable or designer cards .
Here ’s an extension of the “ cool credit card ” idea .
Why not have the ability to toy around with your credit card design with this configurator ?
Using a cool car as the concept for the credit card design is also very tantalizing .
What kid would n’t wish for a card like this ?
# 4 Bridge spending and earning between online gaming worlds and the real world .
A clever way for credit card companies to get the younger demographic is to come up with products and offerings that marry the real world with the virtual one , where entertainment involves creating an alternate world of avatars , adventure and even online commerce .
Though this strategy has n’t been heavily exploited as of yet , it ’s probably the wave of the future :
Very soon , credit card companies and game makers will reward their customers who spend money in the real world using private label “ rewards ” credit cards .
They will use gifts of virtual currency such as Blizzard ’s World of Warcraft gold and Second Life ’s Linden dollars .
It ’s not a matter of if , just when – credit card companies , Pay Pal , Amazon , eBay and the individual “ gaming ” companies eventually bridge the real and virtual currencies with loyalty programs and private label credit cards – there ’s too much money out there to - not- to do this .
# 5 Introduce the concept of using cards for spending with debit cards geared for the teen and under set .
Start them early , thinks the big corporation .
Pre-teens are now being cultivated as plastic card spenders starting with debit cards like Visa Buxx and the PAYjr .
Mastercard .
These are products that allow parents to prepay and track their children ’s spending .
Oh yeah , it ’s also customizable .
It sure sounds like companies have come up with these products under the guise of “ educating ” a child how to use plastic , when in fact it serves the purpose of encouraging changes in spending habits .
Detractors have described the as “ credit cards with training wheels ” while card companies call them “ life lessons ” .
What could be juicier than the prospect of a kid who knows how to use a card for spending ?
This just reminds me of the ruse of getting parents to apply for life insurance on a child with the justification that it ’s so much easier or cheaper for a child to qualify for it when started early .
So what can parents do about such a marketing onslaught ?
How To Fight Back Against Kiddie Credit
I would say NO .
My first thought is that we should n’t allow kids to have cards , period .
Until they ’re adults , earning their own keep and responsible for their own finances , expenses and such .
In fact , I ’d go further and say that credit cards should n’t be used at all until there ’s something substantial in one ’s bank account .
That may not be a practical set up , but would hopefully avoid the trouble that uncontrollable debt heaps up on someone vulnerable .
Teach your kids how finance , saving and credit work before handing them a debit or credit card .
I recall how I applied for my first card in my early twenties after I got my first job .
Since then , I ’ve never used my card (s ) unless I knew I could pay the balance in full .
I did n’t want to pay the card company more for items I just bought .
I was too stingy to let that happen .
If you insist on giving your child an education in building and establishing credit , then make sure some questions are answered before they get a hold of a card , such as :
Does the child have a job ?
How will he pay it off ?
Will he be paying the balance every month ?
Does he understand about the interest he ’ll be charged if he does n’t pay it off every month ?
Adhere to strict limits on the use of the card or perhaps consider starting off with a debit card , where the worst case scenario causes the corresponding bank account to get wiped out .
At least , you child ca n’t do damage beyond that .
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
About Fun Swingers
For Couples and Females to meet , men are invite only .
Find adult swinger ads and meets of sexy people in the lifestyle across the UK .
Meet other swingers in your area , chat , go to swinging events , view sexy photos , videos and much more .
If you 're new to swinging , this is the perfect place to learn about it and introduce your self to the community via our swingers meets system .
If you 're an experienced swinger in the lifestyle , use this site to enjoy your swinging experience and to meet more swingers .
Fun Swingers is the UK's premier free swinging website focused on Females and Couples .
Male members can be invited by verified couple and female accounts , this ensures a great swinging experience for all involved .
The site is 100 % free , with absoutlely no fees or advertisements anywhere , and features a state of the art high definition , global video chatroom which is the hub of all of the action .
The global video chatroom includes thousands of live members from all over the word , who are camming and chatting 24/7/365 , so day or night you 're sure to find a saucy show to get your juices flowing .
Fun Swingers also includes a video gallery with hundreds of thousands of adult photos and videos of amateur couples , from housewives to professionals , gay couples to bi sexual females - the gallery is the best source of real life amateur porn on the internet .
If you 're ready to take the plunge and meet a fellow swinger , our live adult meets update every few minutes - you can find a raunchy meet that day in an area local to you , for a fun NSA hookup , all the while , arranging and vetting meets from the security and safety of your anonymous account .
So what are you waiting for ?
Get in there and have some fun !
Inflation is Higher than Investment Interest Rates
For all of 2007 , wholesale inflation rose 6.3 % , and the consumer price index was up 4.1 % .
Most remarkably , the price of energy increased an average of 17.4 % , and the price of food increased an average of 4.9 % for all of 2007 .
These statistics are very shocking , especially since this unusually high inflation has no end in sight .
Consider this for a moment .
If someone saved money a year ago , that moneys purchasing power is now less than what it was when it was saved .
Even if that money was earning a high yield interest rate ( such as a bond , checking account , certificate of deposit , or savings account ) of about 6 % , that money would purchase less now than a year ago .
Even if an investment account earned 8 % before taxes , the money in that account would have earned less after taxes than what inflation increased by .
Basically , investing money in a low risk account , such as an FDIC insured account , will only make the investment holder poorer when inflation is as high as it is .
As a friend recently said , " saving money is no longer worth it " .
I feel obligated to say that on the other hand , everyone needs to save some money for emergencies .
Individuals who live on a fixed income , such as retirees , are becoming poorer each day even when they do not spend money .
And it is much harder for young couples to save money for large purchases , such as a car or house .
Im surprised Americans arent revolting .
Since inflation is still very high and will continue being so in the near future , money saved now will be less valuable in the near future .
Therefore , dont settle for the status quo .
Contact your representatives and demand this problem fixed immediately .
by Phil for Humanity
on 01/28/2008 Related Articles
» The Best Mortgage Comparison Website is Bankrate.com
» How Much Money Do You Need to Retire ?
» Retirement Calculator
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Via Towleroad comes this bit of video tomfoolery ; it ’s kind of an obvious idea , cutting together our suddenly - change - obsessed candidates over the appropriately - named Bowie classic , but right around the 55 - second mark when the editing makes them “ sing along , ” it gets pretty great :
This reminds me of producer RX , whose cut-up of George Bush doing “ Sunday Bloody Sunday ” is a masterpiece of audio collage art , although the video is kind of seizure - inducing :
While we ’re on the topic of Bush - editing , let ’s give props to the originators : Emergency Broadcast Network , whose 1991 version of “ We Will Rock You ” featuring Bush I ended up on a U2 tour :
Why We All Stink as Intuitive Psychologists : The False Consensus Effect
When we overestimate how much other people share our beliefs and behaviours .
Many people quite naturally believe they are good ‘ intuitive psychologists ’ , thinking it is relatively easy to predict other people ’s attitudes and behaviours .
We each have information built up from countless previous experiences involving both ourselves and others so surely we should have solid insights ?
No such luck .
In reality people show a number of predictable biases when estimating other people ’s behaviour and its causes .
And these biases help to show exactly why we need psychology experiments and why we ca n’t rely on our intuitions about the behaviour of others .
One of these biases is called the false consensus effect .
In the 1970s Stanford University social psychologist Professor Lee Ross set out to show just how the false consensus effect operates in two neat studies ( Ross , Greene & House , 1977 ) .
False consensus
In the first study participants were asked to read about situations in which a conflict occurred and then told two alternative ways of responding .
They were asked to do three things :
Guess which option other people would choose ,
Say which option they would choose ,
Describe the attributes of the person who would choose each of the two options .
The results showed more people thought others would do the same as them , regardless of which of the two responses they actually chose themselves .
This shows what Ross and colleagues dubbed the ‘ false consensus ’ effect – the idea that we each think other people think the same way we do when actually they often do n’t .
Another bias emerged when participants were asked to describe the attributes of the person who made the opposite choice to their own .
Compared to other people who made the same choice they did , people made more extreme predictions about the personalities of those who made did n’t share their choice .
To put it a little crassly : people tend to assume that those who do n’t agree with them have something wrong with them !
It might seem like a joke , but it is a real bias that people demonstrate .
Eat at Joe’s !
While the finding from the first study is all very well in theory , how can we be sure people really behave the way they say they will ?
After all , psychologists have famously found little connection between people ’s attitudes and their behaviour .
In a second study , therefore , Ross and colleagues abandoned hypothetical situations , paper and pencil test and instead took up the mighty sandwich board .
This time a new set of participants , who were university students , were asked if they would be willing to walk around their campus for 30 minutes wearing a sandwich board saying : “ Eat at Joe ’s ” .
( No information is available about the food quality at ‘ Joe ’s ’ , and consequently how foolish students would look . )
For motivation participants were simply told they would learn ‘ something useful ’ from the study , but that they were absolutely free to refuse if they wished .
The results of this study confirmed the previous study .
Of those who agreed to wear the sandwich board , 62 % thought others would also agree .
Of those who refused , only 33 % thought others would agree to wear the sandwich board .
Again , as before , people also made more extreme predictions about the type of person who made the opposite decision to their own .
You can just imagine how that thinking might go .
The people who agreed to carry the sandwich board might have said :
“ What ’s wrong with someone who refuses ?
I think they must be really scared of looking like a fool . ”
While the people who refused :
“ Who are these show - offs who agreed to carry the sandwich board ?
I know people like them – they ’re weird . ”
We ’re poor intuitive psychologists
This study is fascinating not only because it shows a bias in how we think about others ’ behaviours but also because it demonstrates the importance of psychology studies themselves .
Every psychologist has , at some point , been driven to distraction when trying to explain a study ’s finding by one form of the following two arguments ( amongst others ! ) :
I could have told you that – it ’s obvious !
No , in my experience that ’s not true – people do n’t really behave like that .
As this social psychology study shows , people are actually pretty poor intuitive psychologists .
One of the few exceptions to this is when the answer is really really obvious , such as asking people whether it is OK to commit murder .
But questions we can all agree on are generally not as interesting as those on which we are divided .
People are also more likely to assume someone who does n’t hold the same views as them has a more extreme personality than their own .
This is because people think to themselves , whether consciously or unconsciously , surely all right - thinking ( read ‘ normal ’ ) people think the same way as me ?
Well , apparently not .
Although knowing that we do n’t know other people is a great start .
And that is one good reason why we need psychology studies .
Image credit : Drew Leavy
Demonstration in New York to protest arrest of Iranian students
14 February 2008
The International Students for Social Equality is calling a demonstration to protest the Iranian government ’s arrest of more than 40 left - wing students .
Those arrested are part of the group Students for Freedom and Equality , also known as the Radical Left .
In December , the group organized an independent demonstration to denounce US war plans , while also opposing all factions of the Iranian government .
More than 30 students were arrested after the demonstrations , and another 10 were arrested on January 15 .
Some students have been released on bail , while others have been unable to meet the extremely high bail fees of up to $ 100,000 .
Other students , including alleged leaders of the group , are not eligible for release and have not had contact with friends or family outside of prison .
Some students have said they suspect that these prisoners are being tortured to elicit televised confessions .
( See “ Iranian government intensifies crackdown on left - wing opposition ” )
The demonstration to demand the release of the students will be held at the Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations in New York City on Saturday , February 16 , at noon .
This is the day that the student group has chosen for international protests .
We encourage all our readers and supporters to attend the demonstration .
The UN Mission of Iran is located at 622 Third Ave. , at the corner of 40th Street , in Manhattan .
The ISSE will be submitting a letter demanding the release of the students , along with letters submitted by our readers .
The WSWS calls on its readers to continue sending letters of protest to the Iranian Interests Section in the United States at requests@daftar.org .
Please send copies to the WSWS .
Below are two recent letters sent to the Iranian government .
Dear Sirs ,
We write to bring to your attention the recent grave developments with regards to dozens of students arrested recently in Iran who were involved in protests against the right - wing methods of the hardliners in your Iranian government as well as the criminal war plans of US imperialism .
We are very much concerned about the well - being of these young people .
We are citizens of a country where hundreds of thousands of leftists have been systematically detained and tortured , thrown in jail for prison sentences ranging from several years to life .
Thousands were “ disappeared ” or shot to death in cases of extrajudicial execution .
In short , we know very well what these young political activists are going through .
It is clear that they have done nothing but voice their entirely justified opposition to war and the government of Iran .
We therefore demand the immediate release of all the arrested students .
All charges must be dropped .
These students have committed no crime .
We also demand a stop to harassing left youth in Iran .
Yours sincerely ,
SI , SD , AKA , BA , HA , MOD , OO , SK , YA , ZS
Turkey
6 February 2008
* * *
Dear Iranian Interests Section ,
When in graduate school , I had several Iranian graduate student friends .
By their friendship , I experienced the beauty of your country and kindness of your citizens .
As a result , I am a friend of the Iranian people and disagree with President Bush ’s desire to attack Iran .
Recently , the Iranian government arrested over 40 Iranian students , Students for Freedom and Equality in Iran , who were protesting Bush ’s imperialist arguments for invading Iran and the right - wing actions of some hardliners in the Iranian government .
As a result , I feel that the hardliners in the Iranian government are acting in the same fashion as the White House war criminals who attacked Iraq .
None of the students committed any crimes .
They were standing up for justice , truth and equality .
The Iranian government is violating their human rights .
These innocent students are against US imperialism and worldwide oppression by all governments , including the hardliners in your Iranian government .
Please release these students , for they are outstanding Iranian citizens who desire to move your society forward and also prevent President Bush from attacking Iran .
Thank you .
Sincerely yours ,
Larry Robert Semark , PhD
Albuquerque , New Mexico , USA
4 February 2008
久しぶり に Twitter ログインしたらタイムライン流れすぎて何が何だかわかんないってことあるよね？ そんなときはコレ ！
Twitladder ！ Twitladder は Following 100人の最新の発言をサクサク読み進めることができます！
サクサク？ サクサクって言っちゃいましたけどデータは JSONP で取ってきてるので完全 に
Twitter さんのレスポンスに依存します ！ Twitter さんが元気なときはサクサク動きます ！
2000 twitters ？ はい 2000 です！ Following 100 人 × 最新の発言 20 件です ！
■ [ ruby ] Rubyでtwitterの新着を読み上げさせてみる 編集中につき小ネタでもひとつ。
Mac の say コマンドがうらやましかったので調べてみた - ema log ( 2007 - 12 - 16 ) Macにはsayという音声合成で喋ってくれるコマンドがあるのだが、gem install win32-sapi で Windowsでも似たようなことが できるとのこと。ema++ で、ついでなので声を変えられるようにしてみた。
手元では-n 0 はデフォルトの声( 日本人 ) 、-n 1 はちょっと高い声( 日本人 ) 、-n 2 は外国人の声になった。 say . bat @echo off ruby -x " % ~f0 " %* goto :EOF #!ruby #---------------ruby script starts here require ' rubygems ' require ' win32/sapi5 ' require ' optparse ' $ sp = Win32::SpVoice.new opt = OptionParser.new{|o| o.on ( '- n n' ) { |n| n = n.to_i count = $ sp.GetVoices .
Count if ( 0... count ) .include ?
n $ sp.Voice = $ sp.GetVoices .Item(n ) else raise " - n : out of range ; must be < # {count} " end } }.parse !( ARGV ) $ sp.speak ( ARGV.join ( ' ' ) )
#---------------ruby script ends here __END__ :EOF rem vim : set ft=ruby : see CALL /?
さらに、twitter gemと組み合わせ て friends_timelineを喋らせる例。( 上のsay.batをパスの通ったところに置いてください ) require ' rubygems ' require ' twitter ' require ' kconv ' def decode_utf ( str ) str.gsub ( /&#( [ \d ] { 4,5} ) ;/) { [ $ 1.to_i ] .pack " U " } end twit = Twitter : : Base.new ( " mail@example.jp " , " password " ) twit.timeline ( : friends ) .each do |s| `say #{s.user.screen_name.gsub(/_/, ' ' ) } 曰く #{decode_utf ( s.text ) .
tosjis}` end これはたのしいｗｗ ｗ
■ [ ruby ] [ event ] 「 Ruby 1.9 を語る 」 by まつもとゆきひ ろ - Ruby / Rails勉強会＠関西-21 ( 12/19追記：まつもとさんによるスライドが公開されました。)
( 12/19追記：外部イテレータのところのソースが間違っていましたorz。スライドに合わせて修正しました。ご指摘に感謝。) 島根の方から来ました
Ruby1.9について語る
新ロゴ エッジが効いてい る
昨年のRubyKaigi2006で、2007年のクリスマスリリースを発表 あ と1年もあるじゃん(無限の未来？ ) 年々、歳を取るのが加速度的に早くなる あ と 10 日 … 大丈夫か 連日、かなりでかいパッチが まあ 、1.8のように出たら安定しているものではないので
「 1.9をクリスマスにリリースするというお祭り」だと思ってもらえると…(笑)
基本方針 { 1.8 => 安定 , 1.9 => 革新 , 2.0 => 人参}
1.8 日常利用するもの、安定していて、過去のRubyとの互換性も高い ( バグは直すが、仕様は変更されない ) 1.8のメンテナはまつもとさんではない ( 1.8全体：knu( musha ) さん、 1.8.x : mput(卜部 ) さん)
2人ともきちんとした人です ということで、1.9が出たからといって1.8がなくなったりはしない
1.9 より高速、より強力、より正しい仕様(希望)
「 間違った仕様」を直すので、1.8とはいくつか非互換がある(後述)
2.0 馬につるす人参(笑 ) コミュニティは鮫（止まると死んでしまう） ほとんど のOSS コミュニティは 「 楽しいから 」続く Ruby ( を作る方の ) コミュニティのために、常に変化がないといけない
1.9.1が出ると、1.9であまり無茶ができなくなる →そのための新しい遊び場 重要な非互換は1.9でだいたい導入したので、2.0ではコードスケーラビリティとかを考えていく予定
100 万 行書けるように？ パフォーマンスとの兼ね合い AOP , selector namespace , traits とかについて考えていきた い
非互換性 1.9は1.8と非互換がある
重大な非互換性は3つ：ブロックパラメータ、文字列、M17N , Unicode ブロックパラメータ ブロックパラメータにはローカル変数しか書けなくなる 1.8では foo { |$ a| ..} のような書き方が許されていた → これからは $ a = foo{|a| .. a} で × ary.each{|$var| × ary.each{|obj.attr| × ary.each{|ar [ 2 ] |
ブロックパラメータはブロック外の変数を上書きしない x = 15 loop {|x| x = 10 ; break} p x #= > 15 内側と外側のxは違うものになりました - wオプションを付けると警告が出る ( warning : shadowing outer local variable - x ) こっちの方が正しい( 昔の私は間違っていました(笑 ) )
昔はブロックはC言語でいうfor文の代わりだったので、$aを許すのも自然だった。しかし段階的にRubyの仕様を積み上げていく過程で、ブロックはむしろ無名関数としての正確が強くなっていった ( 自分の中でのRubyの性格が変わった )
行儀のいいプログラムなら引っかからないはず(笑)
String String#eachが廃止された。つまり、String自身はもうEnumerableではない。
なぜか？ String#eachは、何について繰り返すべきか自明でない(行？文字？バイト？)
1.9では、明示的にいずれかを選んでもらうようにした str.lines.each ( or each_line ) str.chars.each ( or each_char ) str.bytes.each ( or each_byte )
str.each とかしてるプログラムはほとんどないので影響は少ないと思う
M17N , Unicode 文字列をバイトベースではなく、文字ベースで扱うようにした それぞれの文字はエンコーディングに対 応
" ABCあい う " [ 0 ] # = > ? A( 数値 ) か ら " A " ( 文字列 ) に " あ " [ 0 ] # = > " あ " " ABC あ い う " [ 3,1 ] # = > " あ " エンコーディングの指定 # -* coding : UTF - 8 -*- というコメントを先頭に入れるとRuby(とか Emacsとか) がそれ以下をUTF8として扱う Windowsな人なら # -* coding : shift - jis -*- とか 日本語の変数名も使える :-) けどその場合、UTF - 8 の " 太郎 " とShift - JIS の " 太郎 " は別モノとして扱われるので、ソースコードのエンコーディングはそろえておきましょう(笑 ) openもエンコーディングに対応 open ( path , " r: EUC - JP " ) {|f| f.read} #デフォルトは 、Rubyスクリプトのソースコードと同じ こうするとEUC-JPの文字列を得る ( RubyスクリプトがUTF-8だからといって、それに自動的に変換されたりはしない)
小さな非互換 たくさん でも小さいので普通は問題にならないは ず
なくなったもの( ほとんど は1.8でも警告が出る )
VERSION , VERSION_DATE とか ( RUBY_VERSION , RUBY_VERSION_DATEだけに ) Kernel.to_a ( obj.to_a ) 配列に変換する意味のあるものだけto_aが定義されるように
Kernel#getc ( Kernel#getsは残る ) Object#type ( Object#classを使う : 考えてみると、Rubyに明示的なtype(型) ってないし)
File.exists ?
( File.exist?は残る : Rubyは三単元の「 s」は付けない方針 : Railsは使いまくってるけど(笑 ) )
Hash#index , ENV.index Symbol#to_int Array / Hash #indices , #indexes ( 警告がでるやつ )
新機能 もっとたくさん ！
いくつかを紹介 -> 無名関数 ( proc{|a , b| ...} ) が 「-> a , b {...} 」 と書けるよう に
評判がわるいｗ C#とかは引数が前に来るが 、Rubyでは間に来る
λと->は似ている！？ -> を左斜めに傾けるとλに見えるｗｗｗ
. () 1.8では無名関数を実行するのに func.call( 1,2 ) のようにcallが必要だった( またはfunc [ 1,2 ] )
1.9では func . ( 1,2 ) のように書けるように 複数のsplat puts ( * a , * b ) のように、配列の展 開( splat ) を複数書けるようになっ た
ただし呼び出しのときのみ ( メソッドを定義する側では今までどおり ) 末尾の必須引数 1.8で は、引数の数が決まっていないメソッドは def f( a , b , * c ) のように定義す る
けど、最後の引数だけ必須にしたい時がある 例：a [ 1,2,3 ] = obj のように [ ]
=を再定義したいが、[ ]内の引数がいくつあるか分からない場合
1.9では def [ ] =( a , b , * c , value ) のようにして、最後の引数に名前を付けられるようになった
Enumeratorが組み込みに 1.8では require ' enumerator ' が必要だが 、1.9で はrequire不要
あ とEnumeratorが連鎖できるようになったり ary.map.with_index{|x , i ... #待望の！ ary.find.with_index{|x , i ... ary.conut.with_index{|x , i ... って、with_indexだけ…？( いいじゃん、楽しいから )
外部イテレータとして使うこともできるように e1 = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] .each e2 = [ 10,11,4 ] . each loop{ p e1.next + e2.next } # 11 , 13 , 7 が出力される 要素がなくなったら next がStopIterationを投げる → 1.9 のloopはこれを受け取る → ループ終了！！ Sather風らしい ( ちなみ にSather は 「 せいざー」と読むらしい )
複数の配列を並行にイテレートするのが簡単に！(zipいらず)
無限の列だったり、やたらでかい配列だとzipは無駄が大きいよね 実際1.9では、zipもこの外部イテレータを使って定義されている
「!」や「!=」が再定義可能に def !=( other )
def !
駆け込み変更^^ ;
1.8では、!=は必ず「==の反転」と定義されていたが、!=を再定義したいという要望も一部にある
例：Ambition というSQL生成ライブラリ ( Rubyのブロックを解析してSQLに直す )
User.select { | m| m.name != ' macgyver ' } " SELECT * FROM users WHERE users.`name` <> ' macgyver ' " 1.8では!=が再定義できないので、ParseTreeという拡張ライブラリを使ってRubyの構文木を解析している
でも1.9では構文木が取れなくなるかも知れないので、代わりに != の再定義を許すように
正規表現name captureからローカル変数への代入？ ( 頭があがらないという ) akrさんからの提案
1.8では、Emacsの正規表現エンジンを改造したものを使っている
中身の動きを理解せずに改造したので、動いてるのが不思議らしい^^ ;
1.9では鬼車を使うようになった
この関係で、1.9では正規表現のカッコに名前を付けて参照できるように
これを、matchdata [ : foo ] ではなく、ローカル変数の foo で取りたい、という 話
昨日か ら( パッチつきで ) 説得されてい る
10 日前だけど心が揺れている(笑 ) 新しい実 装 YARV - Yet Another Ruby VM ! ( Ruby本体に取り込まれたのでも うYet Anotherではないのだが、まだまだYARVと呼ばれそう)
VMはとっかかるのは簡単なのだが、「ちゃんとしたRuby」を動かすのは大変 ( ささださんがやり遂げたのは奇跡的なことだそう(笑 ) )
1.8では構文木のポインタをトラバースしていたところが、バイトコードだとアドレスをインクリメントするだけで良いので速い
その他いろんな最適化 Rubyは基本的に最適化に向かない言語 ( 1+1すら動的にオーバーライドできる ) でも柔軟性のためには犠牲にできなかったんです
コア性 能 「 最大50 倍 」ベンチマーク「 2〜10倍 」 とはいえ、実際のアプリケーションはコア機能よりライブラリ関数の実行の方が多いので、本番アプリではそこまで差はないかも
でもベンチマーク上は「圧倒的じゃないか！ 」 体感性能はそこそこ速い(気分よくプログラムが書ける)
さすがに10倍ではないけど
グラフでの比較 Linuxのほうが性能が良い fibの計算みんな好きですよね ( 笑 ) 例外、evalがちょっと遅くなった VMという構造上、バイトコードへのコンパイルが入る分evalにオーバーヘッドが発生する evalを何回もくりかえすのは行儀が悪いプログラム。全てのプログラムをまんべんなく速くすることは難しいので、切り捨てるなら行儀が悪いものを
メモリダイエッ ト( akrさん他 ) Rubyのデータ表現を最適化して、メモリ消費量が減った
( 短 いStringとか、空のハッシ ュ( {} ) とか、2^96以下のBignumとか ) メモリ消費が減るとGC回数が減るので、結果として速度の向上にもつながる
質疑応答 ( 藤田さん ) ブロック変数のスコープが変更になるとのことだが、ブロック外の変数が書き換えられるのが問題なら、「見えるだけ」にするというのはどうか？
そういう文法を付けてもいいけど… スコープ演算子( 「 2個外側のxを参照する」とか ) を一瞬考えたことはあるが、イヤですよね(笑)
( emaさん ) nilの定義は ？( nilってどういう意味？ ) nilはなにもない、という意味。値がないときに使う
もとはドイツ語らしい ( 英語のnullに当たる )
Ruby の「 nil 」 はLisp由来 ( 後藤さん ) 1.9の開発中にHashの順番を保存するパッチがあったようだが、それは1.9.1でも残るのか 残ってます ( つまり 、1.9.1ではHashは値を追加した順序を覚えている)
この変更をするとメモリ消費量が増えるので導入をためらっていたのだが、例のメモリ最適化でだいぶメモリ消費量が減ったので導入することにした
( トータルとしてはあまり影響がないだろう ) ではパラメータ付き引数は？ 1.9.1では導入されない。
その代わり呼び出し側で name : val のような書き方が許されるようになっ た
2.0では受け取り側も変更されて、それで「パラメータ付き引数が導入された」ということになるだろう ( sheepmanさん ) 標準添付ライブラリの削除はどうなっている？ 減らす予定はある ( nahiさん がSOAP を削る作業中だとか )
削るのは責任者がいるもの ( 自分が責任を取れないものを勝手に削ると怒られそうなので、それはやめとこうかなあと )
( 小波先生 ) Arrayの範囲外の参照がnilを返すのはイヤなのだが… どうなってほしい？( 例外を出す？ )
試しに例外を出すようにしたら意外とたくさん引っかかって、rescueを付けまくらないといけない
これは自分にとってハッピーでないのでやりたくない(笑) ( サイロスさん ) Rubyの拡張ライブラリを作っているのだが、このCのソースは1.9でもそのまま動くか？
ほとんどはそのまま動くはず 注意することは？ あったかもしれないけど思い出せないなあ
きっと大したことないよ(笑)
例のメモリ最適化の影響で、配列の中身を直接参照することができなくなった(必ずマクロ経由で参照しないといけない) ( ujihisaさん ) Rubyのバグを利用し たBinding.of_callerという便利なメソッドがあったのだが、同様の機構を用意するつもりはないか？ それを入れるとJRuby のCharles Nutterが怒り狂うので… 彼のご機嫌をあまり損ねたくない(笑)
ささださんによれば 、YARV限定ならそんなに難しくないとのこと
少なくとも1.9.1には入らないが、そういう拡張ライブラリを書くのは可能かも？ ( cuzicさん ) .()
というメソッドはどのように定義するのか？ .() はcallを使うので、callというメソッドを定義してください。 ( ujihisaさん ) 1.8でも. ( ) の代わりに [ ]
で呼び出せるが、それでは駄目なのか？ Mathematicaじゃないので、角カッコ ( [ ] )
は使いたくない…という人もいる
どうしても ( ) で呼び出したいらしい( 笑 ) ( hakobeさん ) Perl や Pythonのように、内部の文字コードをUnicodeに統一しないのはなぜ？ そのアプローチには3つ問題がある
(1) 変換することで落ちる情報がいや Rubyの多言語化作業を始めたのは7,8年前で、その当時はまだUnicodeで扱えない文字が結構あった
( 2) 変換コスト 文字コードの変換には時間がかかるので、なるべく変換したくない バックスラッシュ問題：これらを保障しつつ変換するのは大変、なるべく変換したくない
(3) 特殊な文字コード体系への対応 文学の研究者など 、Unicodeよりもっと大きいコード体系を利用する分野がある
Unicodeを介す処理系はこれらの研究に使うことができない。Ruby1.9の方式なら、これをサポートする余地がある
Unicodeも進化しているので、Unicodeを介さない理由は昔よりは少なくなっているが、せっかく始めた作業をわざわざ捨てるのも勿体ないので
各種の文字コードが混在する日本発の発想はこういうものだよというのを世界に知らしめたい、というのもある:-) ( novさん ) immediate valueのfreezeはエラーにならないのに、frozen?がfalseを返すのはなぜ？ freezeがエラーを返すのが正しいかも。immediate valueをfreezeできるようにするのは実装上大変なので、frozen?は必ずfalseを返すことにしている。 ちなみにRubyではFixnumにもインスタンス変数を追加したりできるので、freezeする余地はあるといえる
( 参考：質問者novさんの日記 ) 。 ( yuyaさん ) コンパイル済みのバイトコードを入出力する仕組みはないか？
Cレベルでは存在する。 構文木をごにょごにょしたいことが多くて… それについては、開発陣とユーザ間の長きに渡る綱引きが…(笑)
構文木をユーザに見せるようにすると、構文木を変更するのが難しくなってしまう(ノードが減った、増えたでギャーと言われてしまう)
構文木を変更することはそう多くないが、ときどきある
10 年くらいの綱引き rbcompileがstaticじゃなくなるだけでも遊べて楽しいのですが… 気持ちは分かります（笑 ) とりあえず1.8ではParseTreeという拡張ライブラリから構文木をいじれる
( yhara ) RubyKaigiの時に話が出ていたFiberやcallccはどうなった？ Fiberやcallccは 、 枠組み自体は残っている。実際、外部イテレータはFiberをつかって書かれている(！)
Rubyレベルから使うに はrequireが必要 ( require ' fiber ' , require ' continuation ' )
これで、「callccでRubyがSEGVします」と言われても「それはRubyのバグではなく、拡張ライブラリのバグです」と言えるように(笑)
安全性を高めたい場合はrequireしないことが可能
Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones attends a press conference to present the film " Shine A Light " running in competition at the 58th Berlinale International Film Festival in Berlin February 7 , 2008 .
Richards has offered troubled singer Amy Winehouse some free advice on kicking the drug habit .
REUTERS / Johannes Eisele
BERLIN ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has offered troubled singer Amy Winehouse some free advice on kicking the drug habit .
“ She should get her act together , ” the former junkie said during a round - table interview at the Berlin International Film Festival on Friday to promote Martin Scorsese ’s Rolling Stones documentary “ Shine a Light . ”
The often - addled rocker paused , then added : “ Apart from that , I have got nothing to say to the b****. ”
Winehouse , 24 , entered a London rehab clinic last month in hopes of kicking a destructive habit that has overshadowed her promising career .
Stones frontman Mick Jagger , himself no stranger to pharmaceutical experimentation and resulting legal troubles , compared the drug problems of the present generation of Brit rock stars , such as Winehouse and Pete Doherty , to his early days when drugs became an integral part of the pop music scene .
“ When we were experimenting with drugs , little was known about the effects , ” Jagger said .
“ In our time there were no rehab centres like today .
Anyway , I did not know about them . ”
Sounding a bit like the 64 - year - old grandfather that he is , the fitness fanatic said he could n’t understand how the younger generation , knowing the dangers of drug use , could still be users .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
Mann also admired Prussia ’s rigorous national curriculum and tests .
The results spoke for themselves : illiteracy had been vanquished .
To be sure , Prussian schools sought to create obedient subjects of the kaiser — hardly Mann ’s aim .
Yet the lessons were undeniable , and Mann returned home determined to share what he had seen .
In the seventh of his legendary “ Annual Reports ” on education to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , he touted the benefits of a national system and cautioned against the “ calamities which result … from leaving this most important of all the functions of a government to chance . ”
Mann ’s epiphany that summer put him on the wrong side of America ’s tradition of radical localism when it came to schools .
And although his efforts in the years that followed made Massachusetts a model for taxpayer - funded schools and state - sponsored teacher training , the obsession with local control — not incidentally , an almost uniquely American obsession — still dominates U.S. education to this day .
For much of the 150 or so years between Mann ’s era and now , the system served us adequately : during that time , we extended more schooling to more people than any nation had before and rose to superpower status .
But let ’s look at what local control gives us today , in the “ flat ” world in which our students will have to compete .
The United States spends more than nearly every other nation on schools , but out of 29 developed countries in a 2003 assessment , we ranked 24th in math and in problem - solving , 18th in science , and 15th in reading .
Half of all black and Latino students in the U.S. do n’t graduate on time ( or ever ) from high school .
As of 2005 , about 70 percent of eighth - graders were not proficient in reading .
By the end of eighth grade , what passes for a math curriculum in America is two years behind that of other countries .
Dismal fact after dismal fact ; by now , they are hardly news .
But in the 25 years since the landmark report A Nation at Risk sounded the alarm about our educational mediocrity , America ’s response has been scattershot and ineffective , orchestrated mainly by some 15,000 school districts acting alone , with help more recently from the states .
It ’s as if after Pearl Harbor , FDR had suggested we prepare for war through the uncoordinated efforts of thousands of small factories ; they ’d know what kinds of planes and tanks were needed , right ?
When you look at what local control of education has wrought , the conclusion is inescapable : we must carry Mann ’s insights to their logical end and nationalize our schools , to some degree .
But before delving into the details of why and how , let ’s back up for a moment and consider what brought us to this pass .
CLICK THE MAP ABOVE to enlarge
130,000 Little Red Schoolhouses
Our system is , more than anything , an artifact of our Colonial past .
For the religious dissenters who came to the New World , literacy was essential to religious freedom , enabling them to teach their own beliefs .
Religion and schooling moved in tandem across the Colonies .
Many people who did n’t like what the local minister was preaching would move on and found their own church , and generally their own school .
The bank has taken advice from Islamic scholars
The Lloyds TSB account will offer no interest or overdraft facilities , as under Islamic law the receipt and payment of interest is forbidden .
The introduction of the account follows the opening of a specialist Islamic bank in the UK last year .
Gordon Rankin of Lloyds TSB said its new account would make Islamic banking " mainstream " .
" Our research shows that over three - quarters of British Muslims want banking services that fit with their faith .
" However , until now their banking needs have been largely uncatered for and many British Muslims have often had to bank in a way that is against their principles , " Mr Rankin said .
Scholars ' guidance
Ibrahim Mogra , the chairman of the Muslim Council of Britain 's Mosque and Community Affairs committee , agreed that many of the UK's two million Muslims have had little choice but to use interest - paying accounts .
I think all High Street banks will take this route sooner or later because there 's a huge Muslim market in the UK
Ibrahim Mogra , Muslim Council of Britain
" What the sharia scholars tell us to do is whatever interest you gain you get rid of it without the intention of gaining reward from God .
" Even though at the end of the year I just take the interest out and give it away , I 've still , in a way , handled money from interest which I really should n't be doing , " he said .
Until the opening last year of the first UK - based specialist financial institution - the Islamic Bank - Muslims were able to access sharia - compliant current account facilities only through Middle Eastern banks with branches in the UK .
The Islamic Bank opens its third branch in Leicester on Tuesday and plans to open five more by the end of 2005 .
Ibrahim Mogra of the MCB believes other high street banks will now follow Lloyd 's TSB 's lead :
He said : " The high street banks want to hang on to their customers and now there is an Islamic bank available they may be anxious they might lose their customers .
" I think all High Street banks will take this route sooner or later because there 's a huge Muslim market in the UK . "
LAS CRUCES , New Mexico --
Researchers at New Mexico State University recently discovered the world 's hottest chile pepper .
Bhut Jolokia , a variety of chile pepper originating in Assam , India , has earned Guiness World Records ' recognition as the world 's hottest chile pepper by blasting past the previous champion Red Savina .
In replicated tests of Scoville heat units ( SHUs ) , Bhut Jolokia reached one million SHUs , almost double the SHUs of Red Savina , which measured a mere 577,000 .
Dr. Paul Bosland , Director of the Chile Pepper Institute at New Mexico State University 's Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences collected seeds of Bhut Jolokia while visiting India in 2001 .
Bosland grew Bhut Jolokia plants under insect - proof cages for three years to produce enough seed to complete the required field tests .
" The name Bhut Jolokia translates as ' ghost chile , ' " Bosland said , " I think it 's because the chile is so hot , you give up the ghost when you eat it ! "
Bosland added that the intense heat concentration of Bhut Jolokia could have significant impact on the food industry as an economical seasoning in packaged foods .
###
The complete study and abstract are available on the ASHS HortScience electronic journal web site : http://hortsci.
ashspublications .
org / cgi/ content / abstract / 42 / 2/ 222
Founded in 1903 , the American Society for Horticultural Science ( ASHS ) is the largest organization dedicated to advancing all facets of horticultural research , education , and application .
Society website - ashs.org
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Federation of American Scientists ’ director of the nuclear information project Hans Kristensen reports that he has gotten ahold of a surprising document that shows the Bush White House guided the US military to change the US nuclear posture in 2002 to develop nuclear strike plans against rogue states , including North Korea , Iran and Iraq .
“ Everybody got so afraid of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and terrorists and the combination of the two that White House guidance ordered the military to prepare nuclear strike plans against them , ” Kristensen tells me in a phone interview Monday .
“ This particular document is the main surprise here .
It is a briefing that that US strategic command held sometime in 2002 which is about national nuclear war plans that went into effect in March 2003 .
Since then , there has been only upgrade of the plan . ”
Kristensen says the document he got hold of is a compilation of slides , 126 pages .
“ They only released 23 of those , and most of that is heavily redacted , ” Kristensen says .
“ But one thing they surprisingly let through is the identification of new strike plans against rogue states .
And this is a surprise . …
This shows nuclear strike planning rose all the way to the top , the national strategic war plan , a new development . ”
Kristensen says
White House guidance consists only of documents the president signs that directs the military to plan for certain scenarios .
Kristensen says that on June 28 , 2002 , President Bush signed NSPD 14 , the first comprehensive White House guidance to the military on how to plan for a nuclear war .
That document is classified .
But they have “ pried open a corner of that with this discovery , ” Kristensen says .
Kristensen says that back in March 2002 , part of the Bush administration nuclear posture review – a big review the Pentagon did – was leaked and described in an article in the Los Angeles Times .
“ It led to a huge debate .
Are we actually going to target rogue states with nuclear weapons ?
These used to be something focused only on Russia and China , ” Kristensen says .
“ At that point , government officials played it down .
They suggested this was not really a guidance document . ”
But clearly , it was .
About his latest discovery , Kristensen says , “ This is a milestone in our knowledge about nuclear planning and how it has evolved after the Cold War .
The document tells the various military commands what to do .
They have to implement this guidance .
Targeters in strategic command start targeting those facilities .
Where do we have those weapons , submarines , bombers .
They weave together this whole very orchestrated strike plan .
If the president decided to nuke Iran , here ’s the plan . ”
The ambitious pledge , which would place the firm at the forefront of the battle to end sweatshops , comes in response to an undercover Observer investigation which last week exposed one of the firm 's Indian suppliers employing children as young as 10 to make garments .
Yesterday , Gap 's senior vice president , Stanley Raggio , flew from San Francisco to New Delhi to meet the anti-sweatshop charity the Global March Against Child Labour , to hammer out proposals to tackle child labour .
According to Bhuwan Ribhu , a lawyer from the charity , the US conglomerate set out a series of ambitious proposals including a move that would see it relabelling its garments to allow the consumer to directly track online exactly where they are made .
The system would closely mirror the highly successful RugMark programme which has largely eradicated child labour in India 's carpet industry .
As an organisation operating independently of the carpet industry , RugMark certifies carpets bearing its label are free of illegal child labour .
This is accomplished by monitoring looms and factories through surprise and random inspections .
Ribhu said : ' We spoke at length to Gap and they informed us they are looking at a certification system that marks a product with a label " child labour free " .
This would be a bold step as the firm would leave themselves open to prosecution if children were found making their clothes again .
Gap also intimated to me that they are considering using independent monitoring of their suppliers in Asia and this would operate along similar lines to the RugMark programme .
The firm is also calling on their competitors to adopt a similarly tough stance . '
He added : ' The Observer 's report should act as a wake - up call for the entire industry and the business community at large .
The industry should now come together and make a strong commitment against child labour and the trafficking of children for forced labour in their entire chain of supply and sourcing .
This should not only be in words but in a clear and concrete plan of action . '
Speaking from San Francisco , Gap spokesman Bill Chandler confirmed yesterday 's meeting between senior Gap executives and the Global March Against Child Labour and told The Observer the firm was laying down the groundwork for a major commitment to fight the problem .
' Gap Inc has had many conversations with experts in the field before and obviously since The Observer investigation , ' he said .
' The company is open to new ideas ; we have shown that in the last decade .
We are open - minded , but at present discussions are ongoing and it is too early to outline the extent of our proposals .
' We genuinely appreciate that The Observer identified this unauthorised subcontractor [ using child labour ] , and we acted swiftly in this situation .
Under no circumstances is it acceptable for children to produce or work on garments . '
Marka Hansen , president of Gap North America , said the firm 's prohibition of child labour was non-negotiable .
· This article was amended on November 7 2007 to reinstate some words removed from Bill Chandler 's comments during the editing process .
Scientology - related Documents in GIF images
Other documents can be found here
Informed persons are free persons
The presentation of original documents ( from Scientology or related to Scientology ) serves one main purpose : Inform ( especially the Greek Internet Users and the people in Greece ) on the true face of Scientology and of KEPHE / KEFE ( Scientology 's organization in Greece ) , with the use of original documents beyond any doubt on their authenticity .
THE DOCUMENTS ARE SCANNED IMAGES OF ORIGINALS , they are not ASCII text from a word processor .
Their size is in the order of some tens of kilobytes ( packed ) .
Scientology in Greece hides its true identity and beliefs in obscurity .
Therefore , the Greek people have had no idea on what it really is .
Recently , many details come into light in the Media and help protect the public from being traped by CO $ without knowing its identity .
These GIFed documents will ( I hope ) contribute more in this direction and beyond Greece .
Scientology is not the best source of information on itself and people need to be informed .
Informed persons are free persons
My book
Democrats.com
On Thursday , Chairman John Conyers ' House Judiciary Committee held a hearing at which Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that he would not investigate torture ( video ) or warrantless spying ( video ) , he would not enforce contempt citations ( video ) , and he would treat Justice Department opinions as providing immunity for crimes ( report ) .
None of this was new , but perhaps it touched something in Conyers that had not been touched before .
Following the hearing , he and two staffers met for an hour and 15 minutes with two members of Code Pink to discuss impeachment .
Conyers expressed fear of what might happen following an impeachment , fear of installing a Bush replacement or losing an election .
The " corporate power structure " , he said , would not allow impeachment without unleashing " blowback . "
Conyers told Ellen Taylor and Manijeh Saba : " You need to be more than brave and courageous .
You need to be smart . "
Their response ?
They are asking people who care about justice to help them let Conyers know that the smart thing right now would be bravery and courage .
On Rosa Parks ' birthday last week , Leslie Angeline began a fast for impeachment .
Taylor and over 20 other activists have joined the fast .
Conyers has agreed to meet with Angeline to discuss impeachment on Tuesday .
The Chairman told Taylor and Saba that he is listening to several advocates for impeachment , including Liz Holtzman and this author , and asked " So how would it look if I allowed two women to push me over the edge ? "
Conyers leaned out of his chair for dramatic effect .
A number of organizations will be sending their members this alert Monday morning :
Let 's push Conyers over the edge by flooding his office with phone calls , faxes , and Emails on Monday and Tuesday .
Let him know that only impeachment hearings
Never let it be said that we ignore the Republicans !
Seeking to further highlight distinctions between the parties , presumptive nominee John McCain has been on something of an anti-science tear lately .
First , he dined and spoke with the Discovery Institute in Seattle -- not a huge red flag by itself ( there were many co-presenters , and one can't always choose one 's lunch companions ) , but telling in light of his many flip - flops on teaching intelligent design in schools .
( Like any good postmodern conservative , he has staked out firm positions on both sides of a wide variety of issues . )
But the latest news is much worse , as McCain panders to crackpots who believe that vaccination causes autism .
At a town hall meeting Friday in Texas , Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz . , declared that " there 's strong evidence " that thimerosal , a mercury - based preservative that was once in many childhood vaccines , is responsible for the increased diagnoses of autism in the U.S. -- a position in stark contrast with the view of the medical establishment .
The main problem with such a claim is not that just it 's untrue -- it 's complete rubbish , of course , but politicians say untrue things all the time .
The problem is that , unlike unfortunate choices about NASA spending priorities , in this case the stupidity can cause people to die .
Hilzoy quotes the CDC on measles , which these vaccinations protect against :
Measles itself is unpleasant , but the complications are dangerous .
Six to 20 percent of the people who get the disease will get an ear infection , diarrhea , or even pneumonia .
One out of 1000 people with measles will develop inflammation of the brain , and about one out of 1000 will die .
Of course , McCain himself will be perfectly safe .
He is arguably the most superstitious Presidential candidate of recent times , relying on a defense - in - depth strategy when it comes to lucky charms .
" I 'm wearing my lucky shoes from today till Sunday , " McCain says from his bus on Wednesday .
At the moment , his pockets contain the compass , feather ( from a tribal leader ) and penny ( flattened , in his wallet ) .
When McCain once misplaced his feather , there was momentary panic in the campaign , until his wife found it in one of his suits .
When the compass went missing once , McCain assigned his political director to hunt it down .
Weaver found it , and it remains safe , knock wood .
Primary day requires additional rituals .
By the time you read this , Steve Dart , McCain 's lucky friend , should have arrived in South Carolina from California .
He has been present with McCain for every Election Day since McCain first won a seat in Congress .
McCain must sleep on a certain side of the bed , particularly before an election ( and he never puts a hat on a bed - - bad luck ) .
Rain is good for Election Day , as are motion pictures .
McCain requires himself to view a movie before the vote is counted .
He fell asleep in his hotel room in New Hampshire before he watched a movie on primary day , but his staff did n't panic .
" We have superstition fire walls , " says Todd Harris , a spokesman .
I presume that one of his first initiatives as President will be to provide lucky compasses , feathers , and pennies to young children throughout this great land , which will keep them safe from those nasty viruses .
Ready to lead on day one .
CHIBA , Japan ( Reuters ) - Panasonic maker Matsushita Electric Industrial Co Ltd 6752 .
T said it would launch new Blu-ray optical disc recorders in November that allow more hours of full high - definition recording on a single disc than any others available .
Television images are reflected on a Blu-ray sign at the 2007 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , January 9 , 2007 .
Panasonic maker Matsushita said it would launch new Blu-ray optical disc recorders in November that allow more hours of full high - definition recording on a single disc than any others available .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
Matsushita , along with Sony Corp 6758.T , promotes the Blu-ray technology , which competes with the HD DVD format , backed by Toshiba Corp 6502.T and Microsoft Corp MSFT.O .
Osaka - based Matsushita , the world ’s largest consumer electronics maker , also said it plans to offer the world ’s first DVD recorders that can store full high - definition programs on conventional DVD discs next month .
Full high - definition ( HD ) programs come with a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels .
Matsushita ’s new Blu-ray recorders , which are able to record up to 18 hours of full HD programs on a dual - layer disc , will go on sale on November 1 in Japan .
A model equipped with a one - terabyte hard disk drive is expected to sell for 300,000 yen ( $ 2,600 ) , Matsushita said .
The one - terabyte hard drive can store up to 381 hours of full HD programs .
Matsushita , the world ’s largest maker of plasma TVs , took the wraps off the new Blu-ray and DVD recorders at the CEATEC Japan 2007 electronics industry trade show on Tuesday .
The company said it will start selling three models of new DVD recorders capable of recording full HD programs on conventional DVD discs on November 1 .
The high - end model with a 500 - gigabyte hard disk drive is likely to sell for 130,000 yen , Matsushita said .
Video rental chain Blockbuster Inc BBI.N , the largest U.S. provider of home movie entertainment , came out in favor of the Blu-ray format in June .
But Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc DWA.N signed exclusivity deals in August to distribute their next - generation discs on Toshiba 's HD DVD format for the next 18 months , a move that evened a contest where the Blu-ray camp appeared to be pulling ahead .
Learn what you need to know to make the most of your research day with us .
Although scientists have speculated over the negative effects of environmental toxins for years , new data suggest that certain environmental toxins may disrupt the normal growth and hormonal development of girls .
Some of these toxins , such as the mycoestrogen zearalenone ( ZEA ) produced by the Fusarium fungus species , can be found naturally in the environment , have properties similar to the female reproductive hormone estrogen , and are also structurally similar to anabolic growth agents used in animal breeding .
A new study scheduled for publication in The Journal of Pediatrics suggests that certain mycoestrogens may be directly linked to the early onset of sexual development in young girls .
Dr. Francesco Massart and colleagues from the University of Pisa in Italy studied a group of girls affected by the early onset of puberty , or central precocious puberty ( CPP ) , from the North - West region of Tuscany .
They undertook the study to explain why this area has a much higher than average incidence of CPP .
The authors tested the girls for mycoestrogens to see if environmental toxins were a factor in the girls ’ premature sexual development .
Six of the 17 girls with CPP were found to have elevated levels of ZEA .
According to Dr. Massart , “ Although this finding might be incidental , ZEA may be related to CPP occurrence in girls exposed to mycoestrogens .
However , the presence of ZEA pollution could not explain the epidemic of CPP in the region , suggesting that other environmental factors such as herbicides and pesticides may be involved . ”
The authors also noted that because of its chemical resemblance to some anabolic growth agents used in animal breeding , ZEA may promote accelerated growth in exposed children .
Though the researchers were unable to identify a definitive cause of the high rates of CPP in this region of Tuscany , the study identifies the need for more research into the possible negative effects of environmental pollutants on children .
Article : Francesco Massart , MD , PhD , Valentina Meucci , VD , PhD , Giuseppe Saggese , MD , Giulio Soldani , MD. , “ High Growth Rate of Girls with Precocious Puberty Exposed to Estrogenic Mycotoxins ” , The Journal of Pediatrics , DOI : 10.1016/j.peds.2007.10.020
I Do n’t Know My Zip / Postal Code
That ’s okay , we ca n’t even remember what we ate for breakfast this morning .
Just enter your address in the fields below and we ’ll help find this for you .
The entered address returned no results , please try a different addresss .
Spammers are using a sophisticated piece of software that can create thousands of Windows Live email addresses by cracking the protections designed to prevent the large - scale creation of fraudulent accounts .
According to security firm Websense , the bot is surreptitiously installed on the PCs of end users .
It then establishes a connection to the registration page of the Microsoft - owned mail service .
About a third of the time , the software is able to bypass the Captcha requirement through a process that researchers have yet to precisely figure out .
The executable software , has already led to a surge of spam being sent from the Microsoft - owned service , said Dan Hubbard , vice president of security research at Websense .
Its discovery comes a few weeks after the release of proof - of - concept code that defeats a similar Captcha used by Yahoo !
Mail .
Free email services from Microsoft , Yahoo ! and Google are rarely blocked by anti-spam products , making accounts on those services highly prized by spammers .
In the past week or so , Websense antispam filters have gone from blocking fewer than 100 Windows Live accounts per day to a number that 's in the thousands .
" Some customers were actually flagging the mail as legitimate because it was coming from Microsoft Live , " said Hubbard .
" Clearly , ( spammers ) are using the fact that ( the services ) are legitimate . "
Short for " completely automated public Turing test to tell computers and humans apart , " Captchas have emerged as a key barrier hindering scammers who want to create large numbers of fake online accounts .
In some cases , Captcha - cracking has involved software that transmits the graphic to third - party website that promises a visitor free porn in exchange for typing in the characters .
Other times , programs using highly specialized heuristics algorithms try to guess the characters , based on the arrangement of the pixels .
" Captcha breaking has been one of the largest targets of malware operators for some time , even to the point that they will go and farm out the job to human beings , " said Adam O'Donnell , a research scientist at antispam company Cloudmark .
" It 's that profitable . "
For years now , the forces of good and evil have been engaged in an arms race of sorts , in which new Captcha cracks beget stronger Captcha images , which in turn lead to more advanced cracks .
Hubbard said a Websense honeynet recently caught malware .
When researchers installed it on a lab machine , they discovered that in addition to sending spam , it attempted to create the Windows Live accounts .
The software cuts Microsoft's Captcha image and sends it to a server controlled by the scammers .
The server then sends the text contained in the image back to the infected PC .
The answer is correct as much as 35 per cent of the time .
" We do n't know what the process is , " said Hubbard .
One possibility is that there are human being on the other end , but Hubbard is leaning away from that theory because it would require hundreds of people to make it work .
It 's also possible the spammers have found a new type of Captcha - cracking software .
Besides being rarely blocked by spam filters , accounts with big email services are valuable to spammers for other reasons .
For one , they 're free .
And for another , the millions of other accounts held by legitimate users makes it hard for the services to pinpoint mass mailers .
Do n't count on this cat - and - mouse match ending anytime soon . ®
CBS : Little e-voting accountability on Super Tuesday
Democratic House Representative Rush D. Holt , Jr. ( NJ - 12 ) talks to CBS about the lack of accountability put on electronic voting machines whose results are impossible to verify .
As California , Colorado and Florida join Ohio in plans already in place to abandon touch - screen voting machines , Rep .
Holt proposes appropriating $ 500 million to states that wish to convert either to paper ballots , or electronic machines that also leave a paper trail .
While it 's too late for such a change to take place for Super Tuesday 's vote , Holt would like for such an option to be available in time for the final presidential vote this November .
" I think lots of states are finding that they 're not getting everything they bargained for , " adds Doug Chapin of Pew Charitable Trusts ' electionline.org .
" And , in many cases , not getting what they paid for . "
This video is from CBS 's Evening News , broadcast February 2 , 2008 .
Former New York City Mayor and Republican Presidential contender Rudy Giuliani said this week that he was " liberals ' worst nightmare . "
However , the truth is , Rudy Giuliani is everyone 's worst nightmare .
That Rudy Giuliani is currently trying to cast himself as a conservative is beyond laughable -- it is hilarious .
This is a man who is unabashedly pro-abortion .
He has been seen walking down Fifth Avenue with thousands of homosexuals demanding " gay rights . "
He himself is a cross -dresser .
He has had numerous marriages and only God knows how many sexual affairs .
He has been one of the country 's most radical proponents of gun control .
He made New York a sanctuary city for illegal aliens and is a strong proponent of amnesty for illegal aliens .
As a prosecutor , his abuse of power and disregard for law are legendary .
( See http://www.lewrockwell.com/roberts/roberts208.html )
In addition , Rudy Giuliani is a senior partner in the law firm that " represents CITGO , the oil company controlled by Venezuela 's anti-American and terrorist - supporting ruler Hugo Chavez . "
Giuliani's law firm also acts " as the exclusive legal counsel for Cintra , the Spanish firm that has been granted the right to operate a toll road in the Trans - Texas Corridor ( TTC ) project . "
( Please read Cliff Kincaid 's entire column for more on Giuliani 's shady and untoward activities at http://www.newswithviews.com/Kincaid/cliff149.htm )
Yes , my friends , the umbilical cord connecting the SPP , NAFTA Superhighway and burgeoning North American Union is also connected to Rudy Giuliani .
Yet , Rudy Giuliani wants people to believe that he is " liberals ' worst nightmare " ?
Who is he kidding ?
Giuliani is a liberal .
Actually , Rudy Giuliani is worse than a liberal .
He is a liberal that likes to hurt people .
I tell you the truth , Rudy Giuliani scares me far more than Hillary Clinton does .
Far more .
I 'll say it right here : if the 2008 Presidential election comes down to Hillary vs. Giuliani , Hillary is the " lesser of two evils . "
That 's how bad Giuliani is .
Any Christian who would vote for Rudy Giuliani needs to check out his or her salvation .
And before a conservative could vote for Giuliani , he would have to surrender every conviction and principle he ever held .
As for the Republican Party , if it nominates Rudy Giuliani as its Presidential candidate next year , conservatism will be forever vanquished from the Party .
George W. Bush has already just about destroyed conservatism within the GOP .
A Giuliani nomination would finish the job .
Rudy Giuliani likes to paint himself as being tough on terrorism .
The truth is , Rudy Giuliani is a warmonger .
A Giuliani Presidency would mean an expansion of military interventionism and preemptive war like you can't imagine .
One can call me what one wants , but I am warning the American people , just as Dietrich Bonhoeffer and Martin Niemoller tried to warn the German people about Hitler : Rudy Giuliani is a monster .
Anyone who is paying attention knows this is true .
For example , just two days ago , Giuliani urged expanding NATO to include Australia , India , Israel , Japan , and Singapore , along with " a whole group of others that we could put on that list . "
As originally designed , NATO 's purpose was to counterbalance the former Soviet Union 's influence in Europe .
However , Giuliani wants to expand NATO into a " global body . "
He also said he wants to " redouble " the war in Afghanistan .
He further said the U.S. should consider the possibility of a " large war with a nation state . "
So , could Giuliani be planning a preemptive " large war " with other countries ?
One can only wonder .
Furthermore , if anyone thinks that George W. Bush is obsessed with domestic spying and surveillance , just wait until Giuliani becomes President .
You can count on him pressing his anti-Fourth Amendment and anti-Second Amendment agendas to the nth degree through all sorts of executive orders and signing statements .
You can also expect amnesty for illegal aliens to be quickly achieved under a Giuliani administration , along with the completion of the North American Union and NAFTA Superhighway .
Of course , this will also be the case if Hillary is elected President , except that if Hillary is leading the charge , many will oppose it ; whereas if Giuliani leads the charge , they wo n't .
This brings up the other thing that makes a Giuliani Presidency so dangerous : the total lack of resistance that rank - and - file conservatives ( including Christians ) have demonstrated when Republicans control the White House .
Absent resistance from his own party and from grassroots conservatives , a Giuliani administration would be left free to perpetrate radical fascist and imperialistic policies completely unfettered .
Everything about Rudy Giuliani smacks of fraud , indecency , greed , and power - lust .
Even the wave of 9/11 , which Giuliani is riding to the Presidential election , is fraught with duplicity .
In fact , New York City firefighters are so fearful their former mayor might succeed in his quest to become President that they came out against his candidacy in a dramatic video .
I urge all my readers to watch this moving video presentation .
See it at http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/story?id=3367581&page=1
Yes , Rudy Giuliani is a nightmare all right .
But not just for liberals .
He is a nightmare for conservatives , Christians , independents , constitutionalists , and for people the world over .
Furthermore , Rudy Giuliani is a threat to freedom , constitutional government , the rule of law , traditional morality , and to national sovereignty and independence .
As I said , Rudy Giuliani is everyone 's worst nightmare .
© Chuck Baldwin
This column is archived as http://www.chuckbaldwinlive.com/c2007/cbarchive_20070921.html
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link : Chuck Baldwin Live Donate Form
I also have many books and DVDs available for purchase online .
Go here : Chuck Baldwin Live Store
To subscribe to my weekly columns , click here : Subscribe to Chuck 's Column Related
Researchers ' nanotube findings give boost to potential biomedical applications
Courtesy of Hongjie Dai
A detail of a carbon nanotube , composed of linked hexagonal rings , with a representative molecule of branching polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) attached .
Courtesy of Hongjie Dai A representation of a carbon nanotube accessorized with a coating of branched PEG .
Hongjie Dai
Carbon nanotubes — cylinders so tiny that it takes 50,000 lying side by side to equal the width of a human hair — are packed with the potential to be highly accurate vehicles for administering medicines and other therapeutic agents to patients .
But a dearth of data about what happens to the tubes after they discharge their medical payloads has been a major stumbling block to progress .
Now , Stanford researchers , who spent months tracking the tiny tubes inside mice , have found some answers .
Studies in mice already had shown that most nanomaterials tend to accumulate in organs such as the liver and spleen , which was a concern because no one knew how long they could linger .
But fears that the tiny tubes might be piling up in vital organs , like discarded refrigerators at the bottom of a rural ravine , can now be put to rest , said Hongjie Dai , the J. G. Jackson and C. J. Wood Professor of Chemistry at Stanford , whose research team has demonstrated that the nanotubes exit the organs .
Dai and his group found that the carbon nanotubes leave the body primarily through the feces , with some by way of the urine .
" That 's nice to know , " Dai said .
" This now proves that they do get out of the system . "
The full extent of the news , which is scheduled to be published the week of Jan. 28 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Online Early Edition ( PNAS ) , is even better than that :
The three - month - long study also allays worries that the nanotubes , by simply remaining in the organs for a long time , would prove toxic to the mouse .
" None of the mice died or showed any anomaly in the blood chemistry or in the main organs , " said Dai , senior author on the PNAS paper .
" They appear very healthy , and they are gaining weight , just like normal mice .
There 's no obvious toxicity observed . "
The lack of toxicity of nanotubes in mice is consistent with a previous pilot study done by Sanjiv Gambhir , a professor of radiology at Stanford , and his research group in collaboration with Dai 's group .
" This is the first time anyone has done a systematic circulation and excretion study like this for nanotubes , and data on other nano particles is also scarce , " Dai said .
" The excretion pathway may apply to other nano materials and may need to be looked at closely like this also . "
Previous research published by Dai's group has demonstrated the potential for using nanotubes in treating cancerous cells and targeting tumors in mice .
His group used Raman spectroscopy , a method of applying light from a laser beam that effectively " illuminates " the presence of the target molecules in the organs of the mice .
Being hit with light from the beam causes a detectable change in the state of a molecule 's energy .
Carbon nanotubes , composed entirely of carbon atoms that are mostly arranged in linked hexagonal rings , give off a strong signal in response to the beam .
This allowed the researchers to pinpoint the position of the chosen molecules , as well as ascertain their abundance in the blood or organs .
Previous detection methods that relied on attaching fluorescent labels or spectroscopic tags to the nanotubes had yielded unreliable results .
The attachments tended to either come loose from the tubes or decay over time spans ranging from a few days to only a few hours — far too short to reveal the ultimate fate of the nanotubes .
While knowing the carbon nanotubes will move through the digestive system at a healthy pace is critical to future practical applications , it is also crucial that the nanotubes not enter the digestive system too soon after being injected ; they need to spend enough time in the circulatory system to find their way to their target location .
The key to fine - tuning the carbon nanotubes ' speed of circulation turns on how the basic , bare - bones floor model is chemically accessorized .
" You can make the nanotubes circulate a very long time in the blood , if the chemistry is done right , " Dai said .
The researchers found that coating their carbon nanotubes with polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) , a common ingredient in cosmetics , worked best .
They used a form of PEG with three little limbs sprouting off a central trunk .
" Those provide better shielding to the nanotube than just a single branch .
Therefore , they interact less with the biological molecules around them , " Dai said .
The team stuffed the PEG liberally into the linked hexagonal rings that compose the nanotubes , prompting Dai to describe the end result as resembling rolled - up chicken wire with feathers sticking out all over .
Though they may sound less than gorgeous visually , the feathery nanotubes turned in a beautiful performance in practical terms , Dai said .
The coating of PEG made the nanotubes highly water soluble , which helped them to stay in the blood instead of being absorbed .
" They circulate in the blood for about 10 hours or so in mice , which seems to be a good length of time , " Dai said .
The right chemical coating on nanotubes also can help ease them out of the mouse in a timely fashion , and the three - branched PEG was effective there , too .
Dai's earlier research demonstrated that nanotubes have promise for treating cancer with two different approaches .
Once they have zeroed in on the target cells , shining light on the nanotubes causes them to generate heat , which can kill cancer cells .
The other method is to rig the nanotubes to accumulate at targeted sites , where they can deliver medication from within the tubes .
" [ Carbon nanotubes ] seem to be promising for biomedical applications and for potentially treating cancer , either using drugs or using the physical properties , " Dai said .
" This is the reason we carried out the study of the fate of nanotubes in mice .
I think this is really a very fundamental issue . "
The research was funded by the Cancer Center for Nanotechnology Excellence , which is funded by the National Institutes of Health and the National Cancer Institute .
The first author of the PNAS paper is Zhuang Liu , graduate student in chemistry .
The paper 's other authors , all affiliated with Stanford University , are Xiaoyuan " Shawn " Chen , assistant professor in radiology ; Dr. Corrine Davis of the Veterinary Service Center in the Department of Comparative Medicine ; Weibo Cai , postdoctoral scholar in radiology ; and Lina He , formerly a technician in Chen 's research group .
This is fascinating .
I recently heard Charlie Rose interview Naomi Klein , author of The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism .
Here 's a snippet from the Village Voice about the book :
In The Shock Doctrine , journalist Klein trains her sharp investigator 's eye upon the flaws of neoliberal economics .
This meticulously researched alternative history , ranging from economist Milton Friedman 's " University of Chicago Boys " to George W. Bush , brings Klein 's argument into the present .
Using stirring reportage , she shows the ways that disasters — unnatural ones like the war in Iraq , and natural ones like the Asian tsunami and Hurricane Katrina — allow governments and multinationals to take advantage of citizen shock and implement corporate - friendly policies :
Where once was a Sri Lankan fishing village now stands a luxury resort .
The Shock Doctrine aims its 10 - foot - long middle finger at the Bush administration and the generations of neocons who 've chosen profits over people in war and disaster ; the effect is to provide intellectual armor for the now - mainstream anticorporatist crowd .
But what 's relevant to our discussion of rain barrels is her mention of what happened in Bolivia .
They privatized their water resources , with U.S. company Bechtel winning the contract , and subsequently outlawed collection of rainwater because it threatened Bechtel 's profits .
Here 's more on the story .
And here 's a little video about it .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
The latest installment of Bushed ! on Countdown takes us back to a happier time when there were only one or two scandals per week .
First , the White House pressured the EPA to reduce the number of times companies had to report that they had released toxic chemicals into the environment , which , according to the GAO , will lead to 22,000 fewer reports per year and a lot less oversight .
Next , it was onto today 's vote by the Senate Judiciary Committee to issue contempt citations for Karl Rove and Josh Bolten for their refusal to testify on the US Attorney purge scandal and finally more Blackwater .
Secretary of State Condi Rice stood up and accepted responsibility for Blackwater 's slaughter of 17 unarmed Iraqi citizens -- she may have taken responsibility , but she has yet to take the fall :
For all Bush ’s talk about democracy around the world , he has an uncanny way of working to prevent American citizens , yes citizens , from voting .
A lot of it is the sheer incompetence of the Bush team , but with that crowd , you know something more nefarious is usually at play :
The Department of Homeland Security failed to prepare for a massive influx of applications for U.S. citizenship and other immigration benefits this summer , prompting complaints from Hispanic leaders and voter - mobilization groups that several hundred thousand people likely will not be granted citizenship in time to cast ballots in the 2008 presidential election .
Bush administration officials said yesterday that they had anticipated applicants would rush to file their paperwork to beat a widely publicized fee increase that took effect July 30 , but did not expect the scale of the response .
The backlog comes just months after U.S. officials failed to prepare for tougher border security requirements that triggered months - long delays for millions of Americans seeking passports .
Bush is the worst president ever .
The Bush administration ca n’t even handle the basics .
No wonder the big things are such a mess .
To Kass , the main cause of this stasis is " the successful pursuit of longer life and better health . "
Kass 's fulminations easily lend themselves to ridicule .
Nonetheless , he is in many ways correct .
According to Yuji Genda , an economist at Tokyo University , the drifty lives of parasite singles are indeed a by - product of increased longevity , mainly because longer - lived seniors are holding on to their jobs .
Japan , with the world 's oldest population , has the highest percentage of working senior citizens of any developed nation : one out of three men over sixty - five is still on the job .
Everyone in the nation , Genda says , is " tacitly aware " that the old are " blocking the door . "
In a world of 200 - year - olds " the rate of rise in income and status perhaps for the first hundred years of life will be almost negligible , " the crusty maverick economist Kenneth Boulding argued in a prescient article from 1965 .
" It is the propensity of the old , rich , and powerful to die that gives the young , poor , and powerless hope . "
( Boulding died in 1993 , opening up a position for another crusty maverick economist . )
Kass believes that " human beings , once they have attained the burdensome knowledge of good and bad , should not have access to the tree of life . "
Accordingly , he has proposed a straightforward way to prevent the problems of youth in a society dominated by the old : " resist the siren song of the conquest of aging and death . "
Senior citizens , in other words , should let nature take its course once humankind 's biblical seventy - year lifespan is up .
Unfortunately , this solution is self - canceling , since everyone who agrees with it is eventually eliminated .
Opponents , meanwhile , live on and on .
Kass , who is sixty - six , has another four years to make his case .
Increased longevity may add to marital strains .
The historian Lawrence Stone was among the first to note that divorce was rare in previous centuries partly because people died so young that bad unions were often dissolved by early funerals .
As people lived longer , Stone argued , divorce became " a functional substitute for death . "
Indeed , marriages dissolved at about the same rate in 1860 as in 1960 , except that in the nineteenth century the dissolution was more often due to the death of a partner , and in the twentieth century to divorce .
The corollary that children were as likely to live in households without both biological parents in 1860 as in 1960 is also true .
Longer lifespans are far from the only reason for today 's higher divorce rates , but the evidence seems clear that they play a role .
The prospect of spending another twenty years sitting across the breakfast table from a spouse whose charm has faded must have already driven millions to divorce lawyers .
Adding an extra decade or two can only exacerbate the strain .
Worse , child - rearing , a primary marital activity , will be even more difficult than it is now .
For the past three decades , according to Ben J. Wattenberg , a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , birth rates around the world have fallen sharply as women have taken advantage of increased opportunities for education and work outside the home .
" More education , more work , lower fertility , " he says .
The title of Wattenberg 's latest book , published in October , sums up his view of tomorrow 's demographic prospects : Fewer .
In his analysis , women 's continuing movement outside the home will lead to a devastating population crash — the mirror image of the population boom that shaped so much of the past century .
Increased longevity will only add to the downward pressure on birth rates , by making childbearing even more difficult .
During their twenties , as Goldstein 's quasi-adults , men and women will be unmarried and relatively poor .
In their thirties and forties they will finally grow old enough to begin meaningful careers — the worst time to have children .
Waiting still longer will mean entering the maelstrom of reproductive technology , which seems likely to remain expensive , alienating , and prone to complications .
Thus the parental paradox : increased longevity means less time for pregnancy and child - rearing , not more .
In a recently published book , Rabbi Yigal Ariel , chief rabbi of Moshav Nov in the Golan Heights , condemned harshly the Religious Zionist movement for its recent tendency to become excessively haredi in character .
“ Sadly , we ( religious Zionists ) are gleefully making rapid strides towards the haredi world , ” said the rabbi .
“ Today we hear Religious Zionists speaking out against science , against the academic world , and even against basic rule of law . ”
Insulting Zionism Trend of insulting Zionism Uri Orbach
For haredi rabbis , mocking Zionism is part of the accepted text when speaking to haredi audiences Trend of insulting Zionism
Ariel ’s book , in essence , is a strong indictment of a recent trend in the Religious - Zionist world driving its members to become more and more haredi .
In an interview to a local Golan Heights newspaper , Shishi Ba Golan , Rabbi Ariel , brother of one of the founders of Religious Zionism Yaakov Ariel , accuses religious Zionists of losing their way , detaching themselves from the Israeli public , and being swept away into a dark abyss of their own making .
“ We have become delusional , irrational people , ” said rabbi Ariel , referring especially to a trend towards extremism now evident on Religious Zionist education , as well as a growing focus on the struggle for preserving and defending West Bank territories .
“ I first decided to write this book following the Gaza disengagement , ” said Rabbi Ariel in his recent interview .
“ I watched Religious Zionism head towards a major crisis long before the Gaza pullout , but I did n’t think it would come some soon or s o quickly .
I blame Religious Zionist educators for this trend and for literally hacking off their very own limb . ”
The rabbi also said that he feels that Religious Zionism as a movement is now regressing rather than growing or moving forward .
“ It is turning haredi to such an extent that I felt that if my book was not published soon there would be nobody in the religious Zionist world left to address . ”
The rabbi indicated that , in his opinion , “ the haredi world is completely detached from reality , and Religious Zionism is gleefully headed in the same direction .
Religious Zionists today speak out against science , the academic world and even against the basic rule of law .
More and more things are becoming taboo . ”
Goal is to ‘ manufacture good kids '
Ariel furthermore stated that , where as religious Zionism formerly aspired towards “ a “ broad - based world view ” and raising youngsters that are creative free thinkers , today Zionist educators would rather educate a generation of good , obedient children much as one sees in the haredi world .
“ Everyone says the same exact thing and spews the very same clichés , ” he said .
“ We ( religious Zionists ) now want obedient followers that do as they are told and do not ask difficult questions . ”
As an example , Rabbi Ariel notes questions sent by text messages to the various synagogue newsletters .
“ The questions are inane , and so are the responses , ” he said .
“ Everything comes down to a very practical level of what ought to be done and what ought to be avoided .
In a recent Q&A to Rabbi Shlomo Aviner , for instance , he had ruled that the book " Mekimi " by Noa Yaron - Dayan ( which relays the author ’s experiences in becoming part of the Breslover Hasidic movement ) was not an appropriate read for Orthodox individuals .
This greatly disturbed Rabbi Ariel , who stated ‘ what bothers me most is that people will listen to him ( Rabbi Aviner ) and follow his ruling . '
“ I strongly condemn this mindset , which is so reminiscent of the haredi world .
As Religious Zionists we have reached a point where people do n’t think for themselves but wait for others to tell them what they ought to and ought not to do .
This reaches such a ridiculous level of absurdity that people can no longer judge fort themselves what is appropriate for them to read . ”
Rabbi Ariel also spoke out against the growing detachment of Religious Zionism from the general Israeli public .
Various synagogue newsletter , he noted , have created an entirely new lexicon which the entire Orthodox world now embraces as its own .
“ While everyone else spoke of ‘ disengagement ’ we ( Religious Zionists ) spoke of ‘ expulsion ’ .
Instead of the ‘ Amona evacuation ’ we referred to the ‘ Amona pogrom ’…. we are settling ourselves apart from the general public through this terminology , and are viewing the world through our own narrow and limited point of view .
We are completely cutting ourselves off from the Israeli public . ”
As a further example , Rabbi Ariel noted that he was recently asked to endorse the efforts of Right wing groups , who refused to recognize the authority of various law enforcement agencies , and to deem such actions as ‘ heroic ’ and as ‘ sanctifying God ’s name ’ .
“ The girls involved in such civil disobedience said that they did not recognize the authority of the State of Israel no its courts , only that of God almighty , ” said Rabbi Ariel .
“ Is this what Religious Zionism has come to ? ”
The rabbi further said that what disturbed him far more than these actual actions is the fact that rabbis refused to speak out against such phenomenon .
“ Somebody brainwashed and warped these young girl as is the case with many Orthodox youths , and the rabbis all remain silent . ”
“ These are young girls that do n’t know which way is up just yet , ” said Ariel .
“ They find themselves running across a hilltop in the west Bank one day and are convinced that they are saving the land of Israel .
" What about the Israeli people , its inhabitants , however ?
What about the IDF that protects them on that hilltop .
These girls do not recognize either , and deem them ‘ a rule of evil ’ .
If this is the way Orthodox people speak , then we have become detached from reality .
We have become delusional individuals . ”
That being said , the rabbi also noted that he does not want to make any sweeping generalizations .
“ Religious Zionism definitely has accomplished some tremendous things in terms of Torah study as well as arts and culture , but our original vision was far grander than it is today .
" Our original focus was also on the State of Israel , but now we have forgotten the people of the land of Israel and have become completely isolated in our vision and thinking .
“ What interests us as religious Zionists is the political struggle for our homeland first and foremost , ” said Ariel , “ most notably the struggle for the West Bank which Religious Zionists have turned into the be all and end all .
Israel has been struggling with this issue for 40 years , and the fierce debate surrounding it has paralyzed us all .
It is a shame that Religious Zionism has now come to be identified with this political struggle and nothing else . ”
Its about time someone started applying machine intelligence to good things rather than the seemingly evil : the new JeJoue SaSi " personal massager " comes with built - in motion playlists and also actually learns what its lady likes in the way of sub - knicker action .
And occasionally , just for kicks , it rocks a bit of freestylin ' to give you a surprise .
Updated : NFSW demonstration video after the jump .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Quite a lot of cool , calm thought must have gone into this design —
JeJoue 's similar product from a while back had programmable , downloadable motions but their research suggested users would prefer something a little more spontaneous .
So while you can no longer blog and share the motion files ( fascinating concept ! ) the SaSi has two modes : a simple " natural " mode where you can select from its pre-chosen vibe patterns , and the " learn " mode , where it morphs between different styles , learning what you like as you vote yes or no using its ( apparently ) iPod-inspired control pad .
Advertisement
Its a high - end product , since electronic pleasure with this level of cleverness will cost you $ 175 when it's on sale in a couple of months , but at least you get removable silicon covers for that price .
And you 'll get to explore an attentive electronic bed - partner .
You know , there are some product design meetings that we 'd just love to have been attending .
Video by NickMcGlynn
[ FleshBot and Wired ]
山东郓城兴达玻璃有限公司座落在水浒故里------山东省郓城县工业园区,这里物产丰富、人杰地灵，东临水泊梁山，南靠牡丹之乡—山东菏泽，西接孙膑旅游城。就九铁路纵贯全境，日东高速和济广高速在此交汇。地理位置优越，交通十分便利。
我们已发展成为一家玻璃产品经销、大批量玻璃制品深加工。玻璃技术服务为一体的产业。现代化标准厂房位于郓城县工业园区，年产量达60000余吨，生产精白、高白、普白等680余种产品及手工异形瓶，并向、可根据客房需求进行设计制作，质量可靠，产品销往全国各地，深爱客户青睐。我们将一如既往地坚持“艰苦创业、乐于奉献、再创新业”的精神。以崭新的姿态与面貌，信心百倍地完成更高的目标。我们的四大优势：
（ 1 ） 质量优-同行业中,透明度高，料色白，光洁度好。
（ 2 ） 品种多2500多种，并且3－7日更换新产品。
（ 3 ） 配套全-自己的、瓶盖、模具、纸箱、彩色酒瓶。
（ 4 ） 信誉佳-在同行业中，特别是供应客户，信誉口碑好。
我们愿以过硬的产品质量，实实在在的价格，期待成为您的固定贸易伙伴,欢迎来电咨询●！
FOX : RON PAUL " Spamming " Votes Debunked !
Posted : 13 Jan 2008 11:51 AM
CST Hey Guys ,
Found this article and video from a user on Live Leak .
Good stuff !
Skins
Upon learning that Ron Paul was blowing away the field in the Fox News “ who won the debate ” telephone poll , Sean Hannity sighed in frustration and said “ I ’m sick of this . ”
Ron Paul also was the early winner of the first Fox News debate .
One has to ask , if they ’re sick of Paul winning , why do n’t they stop conducting the poll ?
Colmes then laughs off the Paul victory , stating that the Paul supporters are just dialing in repeatedly .
This caused me to raise an eyebrow .
The text - voting is no-charge .
Is Fox News really counting multiple text - votes like some American Idol episode ?
Ron Paul via text twice .
I got two text - messages back from Fox .
The first :
FOX News UVOTE : Thank you for voting !
Watch Hannity & Colmes for the results .
The second message I got from Fox was :
You have already voted on tonight ’s debate .
Thank you for your participation .
Now , if you think that Paul supporters are sitting in a warehouse with a farm of activated cell phones using each one to text in to the Fox News poll , maybe you could see where Colmes is coming from .
Somebody should tell the correspondents that , in fact , you can not vote twice .
The reason that Ron Paul continues to win these post - debate polls is because he has the kind of supporters who care about their candidate and are willing to pick up a phone and dial a few numbers when necessary .
It ’s enthusiasm , plain and simple .
It ’s amazing how people can get excited about the message of liberty .
What else is interesting about this recent victory is that Hannity accused Ron Paul supporters of spamming the polls after the FIRST Fox debate .
I did n’t text vote then , so I ’m not sure if spamming was even possible at that time .
What I do remember is that after the first debate , Paul got a huge lead , then slowly lost ground to Romney throughout the night ( maybe Romney supporters started spamming ? ) .
This time , Ron Paul got the lead and kept it easily , finishing with a 33 % to 18 % ( Huckabee ) lead - a landslide .
If they did fix the spamming issue between the first and second debates , it obviously worked in Paul ’s favor .
Last , it would be very easy for Fox to recognize that Ron Paul did well in their poll and leave it at that , but they choose to go out of their way to discredit their own numbers - and ONLY because Paul won , they would n’t have the same attitude if Romney ever wins one of these things ( which he wo n’t because he ’s a waffler and people do n’t trust him ) .
If the cheap tricks and pot shots of the establishment have angered you , you have the opportunity to use their dirty tactics against them .
We will once again take the high road and the moral ground .. we will donate together and march together on January 21st , 2008 .
Lets make this our best effort yet .
Please visit http://www.FreeAtLast2008.com and turn their attack into your victory .
“ When the going gets tough , the tough get going . ” -
It ’s an old saying but could n’t be more true .
This January 21st lets let them know that we are tough , we are the Ron Paul Revolution .. and we have not yet begun to fight !
SuicideKings Social Media Pages :
I became interested in research and exposing media lies while an over the road truck driver who listened to talk radio on every trip .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Lies .
For the Bush neocons , they are second nature , as predictable as the sun coming up in the morning .
Bush and crew lied about the events of September 11 , 2001 , about “ al - Qaeda ” in Afghanistan , about Saddam ’s weapons of mass destruction .
Pat Tillman , the football star who walked away from an NFL career to fight a manufactured enemy in Afghanistan , where he was shot dead by his own troops , was shamelessly exploited by the Pentagon , and became part of yet another lie .
“ His family was initially misled by the Pentagon and did not learn the truth for more than a month .
Tillman was awarded a Silver Star based on fabricated accounts — who fabricated them still is n’t clear after several investigations , ” reports the Ledger Independent .
“ We do n’t know what the secretary of defense knew , we do n’t know what the White House knew , ” said Rep. Henry Waxman , D - Calif. , chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
“ What we do know is these were not a series of accidents , these stories .
They were calculatedly put out for a public relations purpose … .
Even now there seems to be a cover - up . ”
Of course there was a cover - up — that ’s what government officials do .
Pathological lies come easy and right as rain for the likes of the pathocrats who lord over us .
“ I am still confused as to why they chose to lie and tried to make me a legend when the real heroics of my fellow soldiers that day were , in fact , legendary , ” former Pvt. Jessica Lynch told the committee .
“ The bottom line is the American people are capable of determining their own ideals for heroes , and they do n’t need to be told elaborate tales . ”
However , with all due respect to Ms. Lynch , the American people do need to be told “ elaborate tales , ” in fact elaborate and engineered lies designed to hornswoggle the commoners , who in the past were motivated to tar and feather government officials for lesser crimes , for instance levying excise taxes .
Now ?
We are more outraged over celebrity actors with anger management problems yelling at their daughters .
We ca n’t be bothered with illegal wars predicated on malfeasance and mendacity — not when Shyamalia the Hooters girl is showing cleavage one channel over .
If indeed we are the least bit interested in politics , we can tune in to Sheryl Crow and producer Laurie David confronting Karl Rove over the issue of global warming , never mind there “ is absolutely no convincing scientific evidence that human - produced greenhouse gases are driving global climate change , ” as climatologist , Dr. Tim Ball , would have it .
The fact our rulers would lie and lie mightily should not come as a surprise , as they are mostly psychopaths , and psychopathy is defined as a condition characterized by lack of conscience and manipulative behavior .
“ The psychopaths , those human - looking predators without conscience , have no love for the rest of humanity , ” notes Henry See , citing the work of Andrew Lobaczewski .
“ It is a life and death struggle between them and us because they know that if the true nature of their existence as humanity ’s natural predator ever come to light , they would lose everything . ”
Indeed , they would lose everything , but as it now stands humanity , at least the slice here in America , ca n’t be bothered with these “ intraspecies predators , ” not when rumors regnant offer details on Paris Hilton ’s promenade with Kevin Federline in Las Vegas .
Pity the masses for their inability or unwillingness to call out the predators , for their ignorance carries an ultimately burdensome , if not fatal , result .
“ President Bush is a liar .
There , I said it , but most of the mainstream media wo n’t .
Liberal pundits Michael Kinsley , Paul Krugman and Richard Cohen have addressed the issue on the Op - Ed pages , but almost all news pages and network broadcasts pretend not to notice , ” writes Eric Alterman , with obvious frustration .
“ In the one significant effort by a national daily to deal with Bush ’s consistent pattern of mendacity , the Washington Post ’s Dana Milbank could not bring himself ( or was not allowed ) to utter the crucial words .
Instead , readers were treated to such complicated linguistic circumlocutions as : Bush ’s statements represented ‘ embroidering key assertions ’ and were clearly ‘ dubious , if not wrong . ’
The President ’s ‘ rhetoric has taken some flights of fancy , ’ he has ‘ taken some liberties , ’ ‘ omitted qualifiers ’ and ’ simply outpace [ d ] the facts . ’
But ‘ Bush lied ’ ?
Never . ”
But of course , Eric , and for obvious reason — the corporate media is owned and operated by the same psychopaths , the Washington Post and the New York Times constitute their purview .
As Lobaczewski writes , “ all ponerogenic associations have in common … their statistically high concentration of individuals with various psychological anomalies , ” malformations shared by “ gangs , criminal mobs , mafias , cliques , and coteries . ”
Naturally , media owned by a psychopathic death merchant outfit such as General Electric , a megacorporation with a $ 43 billion media empire , will naturally engage “ various psychological anomalies ” in order to stay atop the dung heap — or , more accurately , a massive and stinking mountain of dead bodies , numbering in the millions — and it is quite naive , if not downright half - witted , for Mr. Alterman to think otherwise .
Dana Milbank , regardless of what Eric Alterman writes , is a Yalie , a member of Skull and Bones , and works for the CIA ’s favorite newspaper .
No doubt he is quite enthusiastic about his job as a corporate scrivener and doubtless as well he is well - compensated for the effort .
But then the Nation magazine , where Mr. Alterman writes , is owned by Katrina vanden Heuvel , daughter of William J. vanden Heuvel , the onetime executive assistant to the founder of the CIA , William Joseph Donovan .
Vanden Heuvel later became a board member of the Farfield Foundation , billed as a “ philanthropic foundation , ” in fact a CIA front organization .
If you can say anything about the media psychopaths and their pathocratic buddies in government , it is they are accomplished at manipulation , a hallmark of psychopathy .
Frank “ Wisner ’s gang of weirdos , ” as the closet queen J. Edgar Hoover described the CIA , was and is certainly accomplished at manipulation , as Operation Mockingbird , that is to say the wholesale compromise of corporate media , is a well - oiled machine going on some sixty odd years now .
Thus it should come as no surprise criminal — indeed , genocidal — lies keep a tight ship .
Rep . Mike Honda , D - San Jose , may call for the Oversight and Government Reform Committee to haul former Secretary of Forever War , Donald Rumsfeld , and Gen. John Abizaid , then - chief of the U.S. Central Command , before his committee to explain the lies surrounding the death of former NFL star and Army Ranger Pat Tillman , but this is an exercise in futility , at best a roadside spectacle , soon obviated by larger , more portentous news stories , for instance Courtney Love ’s decision to keep her “ butt in shape ” through diet and exercise .
“ How high up did it go ? ” Henry Waxman demands to know .
Well , Hank , if the truth be told — and even if it is , no doubt it will be preempted by the Sports Babes ’ draft analysis — we can bet our bottom dollar it runs all the way to the top .
Finally , and sadly , considering the fact Mr. Waxman needs to ask is indication enough he will never get there .
Flag Telecom reports that an abandoned ship anchor was found near the cut in FALCON between Dubai , UAE , and Al Seeb , Oman .
They state categorically that that was the cause of that failure .
They ’re working on their failed cable near Alexandria ; a remotely - operated submarine is being used to look for cuts along the cable .
AFP
THE charges are long overdue .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has been in American custody since his capture in 2003 .
He has described himself during a military hearing as an al - Qaeda leader and friend of Osama bin Laden .
He said he is responsible for a long ( and somewhat baffling ) list of terrorist attacks .
At a hearing last year in Guantánamo Bay to assess whether he should be considered as an “ enemy combatant ” Mr Mohammed boasted , among other things , of planning the September 11th attacks on New York and Washington , DC , in 2001 .
But only now has the Pentagon charged Mr Mohammed , and five others , with murder and war crimes , for those attacks .
Military prosecutors will seek the death penalty as punishment .
Despite his admissions the prosecution will be far from an open - and - shut case .
Instead the planned trial will provoke many months of controversy , amid accusations of ill - treatment of inmates and the use of threats and torture — such as waterboarding , a technique that induces a feeling of drowning — to obtain confessions .
Renewed demands for the closure of the detention facility at Guantánamo Bay are also expected : the leading Democratic and Republican candidates for the presidency say that they want to see the detention facility shut down .
The sorry mess of a legal system created by George Bush to deal with suspected terrorists has lurched from one failure to the next .
Last June , military judges dismissed war - crimes charges against two Guantánamo inmates ( a Canadian and a Yemen - born man ) .
They decided that special military commissions could only try “ unlawful ” enemy combatants , whereas the accused were categorised merely as enemy fighters .
Of the 778 prisoners kept in Guantánamo , fewer than 300 now remain : most of the rest have been repatriated , after long detention , without facing charges .
In the six years since the creation of the military commissions only one man , David Hicks , an Australian , has been convicted , and that was the result of a plea - bargain .
Might prosecutions of these six accused succeed where other efforts have failed ?
Despite the confessions , important questions remain about the legitimacy of the military commissions and the ill - treatment of prisoners .
The CIA recently admitted that its agents had used torture , including water - boarding of Mr Mohammed , to obtain evidence from suspects kept in secret prisons as part of its “ high - value terrorist interrogation programme ” .
That casts doubt on the acceptability ( and reliability ) of earlier admissions of guilt , as five of the men now charged , including Mr Mohammed , were reportedly kept in such prisons .
Since 2006 , in an effort to overcome this problem , a “ clean team ” of FBI investigators built a rapport with the six suspects ( for example by providing ample supplies of Starbucks coffee , according to the Washington Post ) and made it clear that no “ rough ” interrogation techniques would be used .
Apparently they succeeded in gathering fresh evidence .
But defence lawyers will be able to argue that previous interrogations have tainted the whole process .
And there remain severe difficulties with available resources .
The decision to seek the death penalty may be understandable politically — even if it is morally unacceptable — but it means that the six defendants will each need a separate defence team of two military lawyers , an intelligence analyst and a legal support worker , according to the defence teams .
With few defence lawyers available , and many opportunities to delay the trial , there is every possibility that the process will drag on long after Mr Bush leaves the White House .
Does that matter ?
Mr Bush 's administration claims that the decision to try the six accused was made by the military authorities , not by the White House .
If the trial is not over by the end of this year , an incoming president , even one who would like to see Guantánamo Bay closed quickly , is most unlikely to suspend the prosecution , however flawed .
Mr Bush , too , will be content that the prosecution process keeps public attention on efforts to tackle international terrorism for the remainder of his time in office .
You might reasonably assume that the 9/11 Commission and other government agencies investigated September 11th , and concluded based upon the evidence that Osama Bin Laden and his group of terrorists were solely responsible for that atrocity .
For example , the former director of the FBI says there was a cover up by the 9/11 Commission .
And the 9/11 Commissioners knew that military officials lied to the Commission , and considered recommending criminal charges for such false statements , yet did n't bother to tell the American people ( free subscription required ) .
9/11 Commission co-chair Lee Hamilton says " I do n't believe for a minute we got everything right " , that the Commission was set up to fail , that people should keep asking questions about 9/11 , that the 9/11 debate should continue , and that the 9/11 Commission report was only " the first draft " of history .
9/11 Commissioner Bob Kerrey said that " There are ample reasons to suspect that there may be some alternative to what we outlined in our version . . .
We did n't have access . . . . "
9/11 Commissioner Timothy Roemer said " We were extremely frustrated with the false statements we were getting " Former 9/11 Commissioner Max Cleland resigned from the Commission , stating : " It is a national scandal " ; " This investigation is now compromised " ; and " One of these days we will have to get the full story because the 9 - 11 issue is so important to America .
But this White House wants to cover it up " .
The Senior Counsel to the 9/11 Commission , who led the 9/11 staff 's inquiry , said " I was shocked at how different the truth was from the way it was described ....
The tapes told a radically different story from what had been told to us and the public for two years ....
This is not spin .
This is not true . "
But let 's back up and look at the 9/11 Commission in more detail .
Preliminarily , President Bush and Vice - President Cheney took the rare step of personally requesting that congress limit all 9/11 investigation solely to " intelligence failures " , so there has never been a congressional probe into any of the real issues involved .
The administration also opposed the creation of a 9/11 commission .
Once it was forced , by pressure from widows of 9 - 11 victims , to allow a commission to be formed , the administration appointed as executive director an administration insider , whose area of expertise is the creation and maintenance of " public myths " thought to be true , even if not actually true , who was involved in pre-9/11 intelligence briefings , and who was one of the key architects of the " pre-emptive war " doctrine .
This executive director , who controlled what the Commission did and did not analyze , then limited the scope of the Commission 's inquiry so that the overwhelming majority of questions about 9/11 remained unasked ( see this article and this article ) .
The administration then starved the commission of funds , providing a fraction of the funds used to investigate Monica Lewinsky , failed to provide crucial documents ( and see this article also ) , refused to share much information with the Commission , refused to require high - level officials to testify under oath , and allowed Bush and Cheney to be questioned jointly .
More importantly , the 9 - 11 Commission refused to examine virtually any evidence which contradicted the administration 's official version of events .
As stated by the State Department 's Coordinator for Counterterrorism , who was the point man for the U.S. government 's international counterterrorism policy in the first term of the Bush administration , " there were things the [ 9/11 ] commission [s ] wanted to know about and things they did n't want to know about . "
For example , the 9 - 11 Commission report fails to mention the CIA director 's urgent warnings to top administration officials in July 2001 of an impending attack ( indeed , the 9 - 11 Commission was briefed on these warnings , but denied they knew about them until confronted with contrary evidence ) .
Moreover , numerous veteran national security experts were turned away , ignored , or censored by the 9/11 commission , even though they had information directly relevant to the commission 's investigation .
A very well - documented book by a distinguished professor shows that the 9 - 11 Commission was a whitewash .
According to law professor Richard Falk of Princeton , the author of this book " establishes himself , alongside Seymour Hersh , as America 's number one bearer of unpleasant , yet necessary , public truths " ( Seymour Hersh , as you might know , is the Pulitzer prize - winning reporter who uncovered the Iraq prison torture scandal ) .
See a synopsis of the book here ; and a summary of a portion of the book here .
Indeed , the very 9 - 11 widows who had pressured the administration to create the 9/11 Commission now " question the veracity of the entire Commission ’s report " , and have previously declared it a failure which ignored 70 % of their detailed questions and " suppressed important evidence and whistleblower testimony that challenged the official story on many fronts " .
Moreover , the former head of the fire science and engineering division of the agency now investigating the world trade center disaster , who is a professor of fire protection engineering , wrote that the world trade center buildings could not have collapsed due to jet fuel fires , that evidence was being destroyed , and that there was no real investigation into the collapses .
He has called for a new investigation .
And a leading firefighters ' trade publication called the investigation concerning the world trade center a " half - baked farce " .
In addition , the official investigators themselves were largely denied funding , access to the site and the evidence contained there , or even access to such basic information as the blueprints for the world trade center .
Indeed , the blueprints for the world trade center are apparently STILL being withheld from reporters and the public , and the government agency in charge of the investigation has grossly mischaracterized the structure of the buildings .
And did you know that investigators for the Congressional Joint Inquiry discovered that an FBI informant had hosted and even rented a room to two hijackers in 2000 and that , when the Inquiry sought to interview the informant , the FBI refused outright , and then hid him in an unknown location , and that a high - level FBI official stated these blocking maneuvers were undertaken under orders from the White House ?
Or that a former FBI translator who Senators Leahy and Grassley , among others , have claimed is credible , and who the administration has gagged for years without any logical basis -- has stated that " this administration knowingly and intentionally let many directly or indirectly involved in that terrorist act [ September 11th ] go free – untouched and uninvestigated " ?
Or have you heard that the FBI long ago found and analyzed the " black box " recorders from the airplanes which hit the Twin Towers , but has consistently denied that they were ever found ?
Or did you know that the tape of interviews of air traffic controllers on - duty on 9/11 was intentionally destroyed by crushing the cassette by hand , cutting the tape into little pieces , and then dropping the pieces in different trash cans around the building as shown by this NY Times article ( summary version is free ; full version is pay - per- view ) and by this article from the Chicago Sun - Times ?
And amazingly , many years after the FBI stated it did not have sufficient evidence to prosecute Bin Laden for 9/11 , that agency apparently still does not have hard evidence linking Bin Laden to the crime .
Authored by : Waterman on Wednesday , August 22 2007 @ 11:57 PM EDT
Authored by : Waterman on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:00 AM EDT
Authored by : Waterman on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:03 AM EDT
And do n't forget to make links clickable .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Waterman on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:13 AM EDT
Yes with comments means that MS has been at work .
There are just too many things
wrong with this proposed " standard " that it should never have seen the
light of day .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bbaston on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:14 AM EDT
" you 've been had " ?
I wonder what history will say about this " lobbying effort " and those who fell in line ?
---
IMBW , IANAL2 , IMHO , IAVO
imaybewrong , iamnotalawyertoo , inmyhumbleopinion , iamveryold [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Fieldman on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:37 AM EDT
The Wikipedia page on OOXML has been taken over by MS - sympathisers .
It would be good to have a more balanced view , especially since that page is the first result when searching for OOXML .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : kawabago on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:44 AM EDT
If OOXML is accepted by ISO then every company will rush to have their product
become an international standard .
That will make standards completely
meaningless and there will no longer be a need for the ISO .
Bye Bye ISO , it was nice while it lasted !
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : gdt on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 01:54 AM EDT
Most of us are wondering why -- since there were so many substantive comments -- Germany 's vote would be " approve " .
" Approve " indicates that Germany is satisfied with the draft international standard as it it , and promotes its immediate publication .
The reasonable alternative would be " disapprove , with comments " which would lead to a Ballot Resolution Meeting where comments would necessarily be addressed .
If all comments were satisfactorily addressed Germany could then alter its vote to " approve " .
As stated in the Australia National Body forum an " approve with comments " vote carries so little weight to pay any attention to the comments that it is equivalent to " approve , with a Christmas card " .
No where does the statement explain the reasoning that lead to this ineffective choice -- an approval with substantive comments .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Aladdin Sane on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 02:21 AM EDT
Meeting notes strike me as more useful to understanding the outcome than the press release after the fact .
The reports here on Groklaw from other countries ' meetings have been most interesting .
Do we even know who was at the meeting , and what company / interest they represented ?
---
Free minds ,
Free software [ Reply to This | # ]
Especially - Authored by : Aladdin Sane on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 04:31 AM
EDT Especially - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 09:02 AM EDT
Especially ... well - Authored by : tyche on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 09:58 AM EDT
Especially ... well - Authored by : BassSinger on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:14 PM
EDT Especially ... well - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:19 PM EDT Especially - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , August 24 2007 @ 05:15 AM EDT
- Authored by : Aladdin Sane on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 04:31 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 02:24 AM EDT
By unseen , but presumably unsavory , methods , Microsoft wins another approval vote .
I really have no idea whether it 's even possible for the standards community to recover from this further blow , but I have no difficulty in predicting the outcome with 99.9 % certainty : Microsoft is going to win .
The proprietary MS Office data format is going to become an ISO standard .
The reason I 'm so sure of this is that every Microsoft maneuver takes us by surprise .
It 's not just that we 're not coordinated , facing a well - organized opponent .
It 's that we never seem to know what 's going on until after it 's happened .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : mjr on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 03:56 AM EDT
Bummer :I
Incidentally , it appears that Finland will be abstaining ; the issue split both
the industry participants and the different branches of government who were at
the meeting to determine Finland 's position .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jimbob0i0 on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 04:23 AM EDT
That 's funny I was * sure * the ISO guidelines on voting state that if there are
any comments that require addressing a no with comments is the only vote that is
valid ...
Yes with comments pushing the draft forward as is since a yes means there is no
need to act on any comments given ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : schestowitz on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 05:06 AM EDT
Sorry about linking to the Evil Domain , but this is worth sharing :
,----[ Quote ]
| Bill Gates has reportedly been making phone calls to the Secretary of Defense
| and the Secretary of Commerce to push the American National Standards
| Institute to ignore the votes of its advisory committees and vote yes on
| ISO standardizing Microsoft's Open Office XML ( OOXML ) format , the one in
| competition with the OpenDocument Format ( ODF ) pushed by IBM and Sun .
|
| Gates reportedly picked up the phone when the last INCITS ballot failed by
| one vote to support Microsoft .
`----
URL :
http://xml.sys-con.com/read/419573_p.htm "
>
http://xml.sys-con.com/read/41
9573_p.htm
We already know from Andy that similar tricks might be pulled in China .
Was
Germany a victim too ?
Maybe ?
---
Roy S. Schestowitz , Ph.D. Candidate in Medical Biophysics
http://Schestowitz.com | GNU / Linux | PGP - Key : 0x74572E8E [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 07:05 AM EDT
I explained somewhere else the warmap , so again : a ) YES vote == current ECMA standard gets relabeled as an ISO standard , with all the bugs
b) YES mit comments == same as a ) , and some suggestions for later improvements
c ) conditional disapproval == current ECMA standard has a change to get improved and technical comments will get fixed .
Microsoft will need to offer more .
A negotiation process get opened .
d ) rejection of the standard == same as c ) or no ISO approval , but ECMA standard is here to stay
No rational player , even when you are a partner of Microsoft or really want OOXML's ISO approval can support options a ) and b ) .
No player takes any risks except Microsoft .
We know that the current ECMA standard is broken , and full of errors .
So even when you want OOXML you should disapprove as a matter of negotiation strategy .
The only explanaition for a YES vote ( which is just not rational ) is either an “ idealistic ” agenda to support Microsoft ’s monopoly or the existance of other means that compensate your self - interest .
A Yes or a “ Yes with Comments ” ( which is formally non-existing ) is a * very * bad business proposal .
And why does Germany grant unconditional support for Microsoft ?
Sorry , I do n't get it .
Maybe its because the Committee is stuffed by Microsoft ?
Clouds :
- ECMA says they will consider all comments .
-->
Nice , but an essential condition is that enough nations disapprove the current premature fast - track proposal for an ISO standard .
- go " Yes with comments " --> means : ECMA should become an ISO standard with no changes and no additional offers .
That is you grant Microsoft an ISO approval for their broken standard and receive nothing in return .
Simple Game theory : 1 . ECMA fasttrack proposal adopted :
MS : proprietary ECMA standard becomes ISO standard , on equal ground with ODF .
You : ISO Specification = ECMA specification , ISO Patent conditions = ECMA patent conditions .
2 . ECMA fastrack proposal fails , no ISO adoption
MS : ECMA standard but no ISO standard
You : ECMA specification , Ecma patent conditions
As you can see scenario 2 provides absolutely no advantage for you over scenario 1 .
So disapproval ensures that ECMA / Microsoft will be forced to offer you more to get its ISO approval :
- more specification
- close the specification bugs
- make other committments
- improve patent uncertainties .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:05 PM EDT
I used to have respect for DIN standards .
Now I do not .
If this has been pushed through like this and they have rolled over and played
pawn to Microsoft I cannot trust any DIN standard .
I will always have to ask
' where is the catch and what is wrong ? '.
That totally defeats the point of a
standard .
How can anyone use a DIN standard , from now on , without the risk of
walking into a patent trap ?
Tufty
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : hamstring on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:17 PM EDT
Nothing more needs to be said ...
---
# echo " Mjdsptpgu Svdlt " | tr [ b - z ] [ a -y ]
# IANAL and do not like Monopoly [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Eric Damron on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 12:34 PM
EDT
Did they even read the 6,000 page purposed standard ?
Do they even know what
they are approving ?
I think not .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 04:28 PM EDT
It 's that simple .
I wonder just how much money it cost
Microsoft to turn a formerly sensible government into its
puppet . [ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft coin flip ... - Authored by : wvhillbilly on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 10:57 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 04:35 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 04:49 PM EDT
I suggest you down load the .pdf file from this web site , and ask your boss , how he or she can risk their business on software with so many well documented bugs , when a better option is available .
http://www.asianlinux.org/?q=o df-vs-ooxml [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , August 23 2007 @ 10:29 PM EDT
According to heise online this is the detailed list of all the board members the head of the DIN - board Mr. Schuermann has invited exclusively to participate in the DIN - decision :
" In den Arbeitskreis nahm Schürmann von Unternehmensseite Vertreter von Microsoft , IBM und Sun Microsystems , dem Microsoft - Lizenzhaus PC - Ware , von OpenLimit , die für die Redmonder Signaturlösungen entwickeln , und CIT sowie vom EDV - Haus Dialogika auf , das für Microsoft an einem " Open- XML - Translator " arbeitet .
Aus dem Behördenumfeld und dem Sektor E-Government durften das frühzeitig Windows Vista testende niedersächsische Justizministerium , der kommunale norddeutsche Dienstleister Dataport , die Kommanditgesellschaft Bremen Online Services , die Hamburger Finanzbehörde , das Auswärtige Amt sowie das Bundesinnenministerium Abgesandte schicken .
Mit dabei ist auch der Deutsche Städte - und Gemeindebund ( DStGB ) , der 2002 einen Rahmenvertrag über den Erwerb von Softwareprodukten mit Microsoft abgeschlossen hat . "
Even if you do n't understand the wording , the heise report offers a link to each of the participants .
There is not one German big player involved and most of the participating administrative departments are well known to prefer and support Microsoft products .
Sounds fishy to me .
Here you can find an English translation of the initial heise report dated yesterday .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ftcsm on Friday , August 24 2007 @ 07:55 AM EDT
Six years after 9/11 , airport screeners are getting pretty good at spotting terrorists -- as long as they ’re inept amateurs .
Tests by federal agencies show , though , that there ’s an excellent chance that anybody who has been trained to get past airport security -- like , say , a member of Al Qaeda -- will succeed .
The latest blow to public confidence in air safety came last week with the release of a report by the Government Accountability Office , which revealed that investigators smuggled components for liquid - based bombs past screeners at 19 U.S. airports .
They were able to do this not because they had inside information on Transportation Security Administration screening techniques , but because they scanned publicly available TSA materials and then designed ways to get past security .
What ’s more , they succeeded even though TSA personnel had apparently been tipped off .
An internal agency memo , which was the subject of a congressional hearing Wednesday , included physical descriptions of some testers and gave details on their methods .
The report follows recent news that screeners at Los Angeles International Airport missed 75 % of the fake bombs that investigators tried to smuggle onto planes during tests two years ago .
The excuse from TSA officials :
The tests were difficult and designed to trip up screeners .
Whereas Al Qaeda will doubtless hide its bombs in brightly marked packages .
In congressional testimony Thursday , TSA Administrator Kip Hawley emphasized that the screeners who missed bomb parts during the GAO investigation represent just one layer of airport security , which also includes bomb - sniffing dogs and airline crews trained in self - defense .
That might provide an iota of comfort , though some of those extra layers are questionable .
The TSA , for example , has recently been experimenting with controversial techniques such as behavioral screening .
Nearly 2,000 employees have been trained to look for signs of stress or other unusual behavior ; suspicious passengers are subject to questioning or searches .
According to USA Today , 43,000 travelers have been flagged by behavior - detecting screeners since January 2006 , resulting in 278 arrests , none on terrorism - related charges .
Skeptics have suggested that any random sweep of 43,000 passengers might have turned up as many criminals .
Advertisement
Whether such techniques work or not , it ’s clear that what really needs attention is the basic observational skills of airport screeners .
Coming technology will undoubtedly help , but until it arrives , federal agencies should step up their tests -- and dismiss screeners who consistently fail them .
The Red campaign itself does not advertise , said Susan Smith Ellis , the chief executive .
Instead , companies pay Red a licensing fee to label one or more of their products “ ( RED ) . ”
Then , they pay a portion of sales from those products to the Global Fund , a public - private charity set up six years ago to fight AIDS , malaria and tuberculosis in Africa .
The fund sends the money to three countries  Rwanda , Ghana and Swaziland  to help women and children infected with H.I.V. and to educate those who are uninfected in how to stay that way .
Image
At the Treatment and Research AIDS Center in Kigali , doctors now have more time for patients , in part because of Red money .
Credit ... Riccardo Gangale for The New York Times
The percentage of profit that goes to the fund depends on the item and the company .
For instance , 1 percent of all spending on American Express ’s Red cards goes to the fund , as do 50 percent of net profits from the sale of Gap Red items and $ 8.50 from each sale of a Motorola Red Motorazr .
In return , the companies can market themselves as socially conscious and , ideally , increase sales .
( Neither Red nor the companies would disclose revenue or total contributions by company or product . )
According to a 2006 poll by Cone Inc. , a marketing agency in Boston , 89 percent of Americans between 13 and 25 would switch from one brand to another associated with a “ good cause , ” if products and prices were comparable .
Over all , more than $ 59 million has been contributed by Red and its corporate partners to the Global Fund .
Red - financed projects have helped put more than 30,000 people on antiretroviral treatment and provided more than 300,000 H.I.V.- positive pregnant women with counseling and treatment , according to data from Red and the fund .
Red and its donors have contributed nearly all the corporate money that has gone to the fund , which had $ 2.4 billion in 2007 .
This made Red the 15th - largest donor  more than Russia has given so far , and more than China , Saudi Arabia and Switzerland have pledged .
HRC had all the right tools for caucus success in Iowa , yet was overwhelmed by Obama .
What went wrong ?
Hillary should be running scared
NASHUA , N.H. —
If Hillary Clinton had done something terribly wrong in Iowa , she would be better off in New Hampshire .
If she had lost the Iowa caucuses because she had n’t spent enough time or money or because she had a lousy field staff , she could correct that .
Advertisement
But Clinton spent a lot of time and money in Iowa , and she had a terrific field staff .
And she still got blown out of the water by Barack Obama .
So what went wrong ?
Clinton ’s chief strategist and pollster , Mark Penn , put his finger on it during the flight from Iowa to New Hampshire Thursday night .
“ This has been very much a referendum on her , ” he said .
Duh .
You think ?
And you think maybe , like , that is the problem ?
There is a risk , by the way , in having your pollster also be your top strategist :
There is a natural tendency for someone who holds both positions to say the strategy ca n’t be wrong because the polling ca n’t be wrong .
And sometimes you need a strategist who is willing to say , “ I do n’t care what the damn polling says , we need to try something different . ”
That time may be now for the Clinton campaign .
Her failure in Iowa was not about what percentage of women she lost or what percentage of young people she lost or what percentage of union households she lost .
Her failure in Iowa was a failure to connect with voters on a human , emotional and inspirational level .
Her husband had that skill when he ran for president , and Barack Obama has it now .
Hillary Clinton has a different skill :
She connects with voters on a logical level .
She has a common - sense approach to running for president , and she make a common - sense deal with voters :
During her speeches she lists a vast array of issues , describes her considerable experience , and then invites voters to make the logical choice and vote for her .
Inspiration ?
Emotion ?
Passion ?
That ’s what the other guy has .
In New Hampshire on Friday , Clinton offered only more calibration in an already highly calibrated campaign .
She said at a rally here : “ This is especially about all of the young people in New Hampshire who need a president who wo n’t just call for change , or a president who wo n’t just demand change , but a president who will produce change , just like I ’ve been doing for 35 years . ”
Which is her same old stump speech , the one that did n’t work in Iowa .
But to her , it all makes sense .
To her , it is the logical , sensible reason she is better than the hopeful Obama ( call for change ) and the confrontational John Edwards ( demand for change . )
She added the bit about “ all of the young people in New Hampshire ” only because Obama beat her among young voters in Iowa and her campaign has now calculated that this is what she needs in New Hampshire to win the primary Tuesday .
But she may need something more .
In 1988 , George H.W. Bush got clobbered in the Iowa caucuses , coming in third .
With the New Hampshire primary just eight days away , Bush could have stuck with his game plan .
Instead , he retooled his entire image .
He took off his coat and tie and put on a parka and a green - and - white baseball cap from East Coast Lumber and went to the Cuzzin Ritchie ’s Truck Stop in Hampstead , N.H .
He drove an 18 - wheel Mack truck , had a friendly snowball fight with reporters and transformed his image from that of a privileged preppie “ wimp ” to that of a regular guy .
Sure , people made fun of it .
Johnny Carson said in his monologue : “ He went into a truck stop wearing a pair of overalls , but he had a little alligator sewn over the pocket . ”
And the press asked if there was something behind Bush ’s sudden transformation .
“ Hell , yeah , ” said Bush ’s press secretary , Pete Teeley .
“ We ’re running scared . ”
George H.W. Bush won New Hampshire , the nomination and the presidency .
Does Hillary Clinton need a retooling ?
Apparently not .
“ Listen , Hillary is going to be the nominee , ” her campaign chairman , Terry McAuliffe , told reporters late Friday afternoon .
“ There ’s no question . ”
But maybe she ought to consider running scared .
Just a little .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Recap : 6:13 PM PST : Google was not hacked , but instead had a DNS problem .
For some readers the site was redirecting to the SoGoSearch page .
That continues to fox me , and I plan to investigate further .
All services have been restored .
I find it amazing : Google is now as integrated in our lives as a phone company , or heaven forbid , TV networks .
Multiple experts say that the screen grab I got was result of broswers not being able to resolve to Google.com , and instead stumbled upon google .com.net ( com.net is the SoGoSearch website , and they have a wildcard match ) .
Once Google ’s DNS was restored , browsers stopped the appending , and started functioning normally .
Update # 6 : Yet another screen shot
And another one , plus looks like someone swiped the domain name .
Larry Magid was on the local CBS radio talking about the Google ’s great vanishing trick .
Update # 5 : Everything back to normal .
All Google services are working .
Though as an aside , Google has reached the full capacity for its Web Accelerator Beta .
Update # 4 : More from Mr. Krane of Google : BTW , this was not the result of a hack or any kind of security issue .
“ Yes , it was a DNS issue .
We ’re seeing things as fully restored as of more than 30 min. ago .
You ’re the first to send such a screen shot and report this kind of issue .
I ’ll bounce it to the tech staff and will keep you posted . ”
I got another screenshot which was as of 5.08 PM PST .
Not sure if I am having this problem in specific or others noticing the same issue .
I use comcast as broadband provider .
Any updates people ?
Update # 3 : David Krane , the big cheese @ Google PR wrote back a few seconds ago and had this to add , “ Google ’s global properties were unavailable for a short period of time earlier today .
We ’ve remedied the problem and access to Google has been restored worldwide . ”
Update # 2 : Some people are saying in the comments here and over at Engadget , that Google might have been in middle of a DNS software switch .
I still ca n’t believe that a strange image would just show up there .
Update # 1 : Some people say they have it back , but I am still having trouble logging in to my Gmail .
And still not getting Google homepage .
I have left voice mail and sent emails to Google ’s PR people and their hotline .
Not sure , what ’s going on precisely but will be on the story .
03.11 PM , PST : Looks like we are having a Google outage – apparently someone has hijacked their Domain , and something called SoGoSearch is showing up instead .
GMail was down as well .
Google ads are not being served up as well .
Am I the only one , or did you guys feel the webquake as well ?
Man if this is a hack , then we now know nothing – not even god , I mean Google is safe !
Is this someone ’s idea of teaching them a lesson ?
Or has the Web Accelerator shown its true colors ?
Lots of unanswered questions .
Here is a screen grab by the way !
( Inserts charges against Saudi , paragraph 5 )
MIAMI , Dec 20 ( Reuters ) - Osama bin Laden 's driver is not a prisoner of war as defined by the Geneva Conventions and can be tried by a Guantanamo war crimes tribunal , a U.S. military judge ruled in a decision made public on Thursday .
The judge said Yemeni prisoner Salim Ahmed Hamdan is an " unlawful enemy combatant " under the law passed by Congress last year to provide a legal basis to try non-Americans on terrorism charges in a special war crimes court at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Lawyers for Hamdan , who acknowledge he earned $ 200 a month driving and guarding the al Qaeda leader in Afghanistan , said he was a civilian support worker who should be considered a prisoner of war deserving of the safeguards outlined in the Geneva Conventions that govern the treatment of war captives .
POWs can be tried by court - martial but not in ad hoc tribunals such as those still evolving at Guantanamo .
Deeming Hamdan a POW would have raised questions about the status of many of the other 285 men held at the Guantanamo prison camp , most for more than five years .
Only about five of the prisoners have been charged under the revised Guantanamo tribunal system created in 2006 , including a Saudi charged on Thursday with plotting with al Qaeda to blow up a ship .
The ruling by the military judge , Navy Capt .
Keith Allred , clears the way for Hamdan 's trial in the Guantanamo war court , where he faces life in prison if convicted of conspiracy and providing material support for terrorism .
It will be the third attempt to try him after earlier charges were thrown out by the U.S. Supreme Court and Allred .
The widely criticized Guantanamo court has yet to see a trial completed .
The lone conviction came in a negotiated guilty plea for an Australian now nearing the end of a nine - month prison term in his homeland .
The Bush administration has long argued that the alleged al Qaeda and Taliban operatives at Guantanamo are not POWs because they are not members of the uniformed army of any nation .
CAPTURED NEAR KANDAHAR
Allred said Hamdan 's lawyers had shown no evidence he was part of any army , militia or volunteer group granted " lawful combatant " status under the Geneva treaties , or that he played a support role for any such group .
He said U.S. military and federal agents had shown credible evidence Hamdan enthusiastically worked for bin Laden after learning he directed the bombing of U.S. embassies in Africa and other attacks , and that he drove the al Qaeda leader to help him elude capture after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Hamdan was captured near Kandahar in Afghanistan on Nov. 24 , 2001 .
Prosecutors said he was driving toward a battlefield in a car carrying two anti-aircraft missiles without the firing mechanisms .
The judge said that showed Hamdan was participating in hostilities against the United States and its allies , since their aircraft were the only local targets for the missiles .
Allred also rejected an argument that the Guantanamo court 's jurisdiction was retroactively based on a flawed administrative hearing that labeled Hamdan an enemy combatant three years ago .
The judge said his finding was based on a December hearing he conducted in the presence of journalists and human rights monitors , in which Hamdan had six lawyers , called witnesses and confronted those who testified against him .
" The commission concludes , then , that he is an alien unlawful enemy combatant , and not a lawful combatant entitled to Prisoner of War protection , " Allred wrote .
Hamdan called another Guantanamo captive to testify in his defense but was refused permission to call others , including Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , on his behalf .
( Editing by Patricia Zengerle )
In the past few weeks I ’ve had the luxury of being able to sit in on ( and participate in ) many technical interviews for various positions .
I ’ve learned that many people do and say things that are never acceptable in an interview , at least not if they business is worth the time and effort of interviewing at in the first place .
I ’ve come to realize that maybe these things are n’t always obvious , but at the very least maybe someone ’ll get a kick out of them .
Names have been removed and I probably do n’t remember them anyway , but these are all based on real experiences , details removed .
1 ) Never say you ’ve worked for 8 years when you ’ve actually worked for 1
Generally , it ’s never a good idea to lie on a resume or at an interview .
Many people do tell small white lies , or exaggerate , and that ’s probably alright , at least sometimes .
But never overestimate your abilities by this large of an amount .
It will be blatantly obvious to everyone in the room .
If you say you have 8 years of Javascript experience , you ’d better damned well know some “ common uses of Javascript ” and not just stare at me blankly .
If you say you ’re got 10 years of web development experience , you ’d better know some various methods ( any methods ) of transferring data from one page to another .
These are two sample questions and their accompanying responses .
Pure insanity .
This is n’t just a “ know your shit ” lesson .
It ’s a “ if you claim to be an expert , know the basics ” lesson .
2 ) Know the terminology
Sort of tying in to the first point , if you claim to be a member of a group , say , a web developer , you ’d better be familiar with web development terms .
Sure you may not have worked with CSS for a variety of reasons , but any web developer who ’s never HEARD of CSS is in for a surprise .
If you do n’t know what a form is , or what a web part is , then you probably have n’t actually worked for long as a web developer , and there will probably be a large amount of ramp up time for you .
Then it ’s a gamble , are you likeable enough for the company to want to spend the upfront time and money to invest in your education ?
Probably not .
Be familiar with your field .
It seems like common sense , but you ’d be surprised at the number of people who are clueless about simple aspects of their field .
3 ) Do n’t assume the jobs “ in the bag ” because you ’re female
Yes , we really want to hire female developers .
This means that yes , female candidates can sometimes have an “ edge ” , intentionally or not .
We ’ve seen our share of female candidates come in and have a great personality and attitude , act like they ’ve already been hired , then completely bomb on the technical portion .
Not even close to any kind of technical expertise .
We ’ve got 0 female developers at my workplace , and this is not due to any kind of prejudice .
It ’s because everytime we get a female candidate she seems to fit in great , but is clearly not a developer of any kind , despite ( again , back to # 1 ) a resume full of references and “ experience ” .
4 ) If you bomb the technical questions , do n’t ask if the questions were for a higher position
We had a candidate use this line the other day .
Finished the technical questions and he did poorly .
Very poorly .
Then he asked when we were going to start the technical interview , because all those questions were way too hard for midlevel and were clearly “ architect level ” questions .
Most of the questions were our entry - level questions which were intended as a ramp up to the harder stuff .
This made the guy look like an idiot .
Immediately out of the running .
Way down the list .
One of the aforementioned female candidates very classily failed the technical aspect of the interview , asking “ I did n’t do very well , did I ? ” and then sending an apology followup , saying she was sorry she was so unprepared and thanks for humoring her .
Classy , but wo n’t win you a job , either .
5 ) Do n’t bottle yourself up
This is a very common thing I ’ve personally witnessed with technological positions , especially .
Applicants show up and completely bottle themselves up .
No joking .
No personal information .
No small talk .
Many people forget that people who are hiring want people they can work with every day .
If you get hired you will have to deal with these people for a very long time , maybe even the majority of your waking life for the next few months , or years .
They do n’t want someone who has no personal life , no interests , and is a complete bore .
Work is boring enough already , do n’t add to it .
One of my favorite questions to ask at an interview is “ Do you have any hobbies ? ”
The responses I ’ve gotten are very interesting .
One guy we asked seemed really glad that he could talk freely about things he was interested in , and he was obviously passionate about what he did .
Music , sports , reading , does n’t matter what your answer is .
His was actually a combination of things , and guess what ?
We hired him .
Not based on his hobbies , obviously , but that was definitely a factor .
If you care about things that you do outside of work , odds are you will care about what you do at work as well .
One candidate answered the hobby question with “ Nothing .
Well , I installed hardwood flooring in my apartment once .
But I do n’t really have hobbies ” .
We did n’t like this answer .
We did not hire this person .
It was not solely due to hobbies , obviously , because that ’s never grounds for dismissal .
However , it is a factor , and for good reason .
6 ) Remember to be yourself , but on your best behavior
Interviews are where interviewers and interviewees both see each other on their best behavior .
Everyone knows this .
So be yourself , just on your best behavior .
If you ’re a passionate person , let it show a little .
Do n’t ever make assumptions about what kind of person a company is looking for .
If you assume that , since they are hiring for technology positions , they want a robot with no sense of humor , then you ’re probably wrong .
If you assume that they want a class clown who will make them laugh at every opportunity , you ’re probably wrong again .
Being yourself will help everyone .
You ’re not pretending to be someone else , so you ’re not hired or fired under false pretenses .
The interviewer gets to see who you are as well , and it makes the decision - making process smoother .
Questions ?
Comments ?
Feel free to leave a comment , or email me , James Martin .
Worldwide Domain Registration
Marcaria.com is a premier provider of worldwide domain registrations .
With a selection of more than 1000 domain extensions worldwide , we make domain registration easy , fast and affordable .
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The yellow , torpedo - shaped machine has been combing the depths of seas around the Caribbean since December 2007 .
The team which developed the autonomous vehicle say it has covered " thousands of kilometres " during the tests .
The team believe the glider - which needs no batteries - could undertake oceanographic surveys for up to six months at a time .
" We are tapping a virtually unlimited energy source for propulsion , " said Dave Fratantoni of the Wood 's Hole Oceanographic Institute ( WHOi ) .
But Steve McPhail , an expert in autonomous underwater vehicles at the National Oceanography Centre ( NOC ) , Southampton , said the machine would not totally do away with batteries .
" You still need to provide power for the sensors , for the data - logging system and for the satellite communications system to get the data back , " he said .
As a result , the vehicle would have to intermittently return to a ship or shore to recharge its batteries .
" It 's always a trade - off between the power used for the propulsion system and the power used for the sensors , " said Mr McPhail .
Ocean network
Oceanographers are increasingly looking at ways to study the oceans over long periods and in real time .
Researchers wired the Atlantic in 2004 for the Rapid project
This is important for understanding natural variations in circulation , for example , and for looking for any changes .
Already scientists have deployed large networks of sensors across the oceans .
For example , in 2004 , NOC researchers strung sets of instruments across the Atlantic to measure circulation patterns .
The Rapid project , as it was known , painted the first detailed picture of Atlantic Ocean currents and showed how they vary throughout the year .
Its successor - Rapid Watch - has just received £ 16 m from the Natural Environment Research Council and will monitor the Gulf Stream until 2014 .
Scientists are also in the process of wiring the Pacific .
One project , the Argo network , will consist of an array of 3,000 floats strung out every 300 km across the vast ocean .
Sensors on the floats will provide 100,000 temperature and salinity profiles every year .
Another network , the Monterey Accelerated Research System ( Mars ) , will connect a research station in California with a sensor array deployed on the edge of Monterey Canyon , the deepest submarine canyon off the continental West Coast .
Lazy glide
The new vehicles could add to that knowledge by filling in the gaps between the sensors .
The glider has been tested in the waters of the Virgin Islands
For example , it is proposed that Rapid Watch will use an armada of gliders alongside stationary sensors .
The machines are already used in oceanography and propel themselves through the ocean by changing their buoyancy to dive and surface .
Wings generate lift and a vertical tail fin and rudder is used to steer .
The latest glider has been developed by Webb Research Corporation and WHOi .
It generates its energy for propulsion from the differences in temperature between warm surface waters and colder , deeper layers of the ocean .
Wax - filled tubes inside the craft expand when it is gliding through warmer water .
This heat is used to push oil from a bladder inside the hull to one outside , changing its buoyancy .
Cooling of the wax at depth reverses the cycle .
Since December 2007 , the prototype machine has been crisscrossing a 4,000 m - deep basin in the Virgin Islands of the Caribbean .
The machine traces a saw - tooth profile through the water column as it lazily glides through the ocean , surfacing periodically to fix its positions via GPS and to relay data back to base .
According to WHOi researchers the vehicle crossed the basin between St Thomas and St Croix more than 20 times studying local currents .
The eventual aim of the project is to deploy a fleet of vehicles to study much larger flows in the North Atlantic .
" Gliders can be put to work on tasks that humans would n't want to do or cannot do because of time and cost concerns , " said Dr Fratantoni .
" They can work around the clock in all weather conditions . "
Sherwood Ross : Gitmo Prisoners Ruled " Non-Persons "
D.C. Appellate Court Holds Gitmo Prisoners
Are " Non-Persons " And Throws Out Their Suit By Sherwood Ross
It 's hard to believe , but the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington , D.C. , just ruled three Muslim British humanitarian workers and a religious pilgrim captured in Afghanistan and detained in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , prison , were non-persons and , therefore , torturing them was legal !
A law suit brought by the four Muslims , ( since freed and repatriated to England , ) was tossed out January 11th by the D.C. court , a big victory for 11 present and former Pentagon officials , including ex-Defense boss Donald Rumsfeld .
The dismissal occurred on the sixth anniversary of the opening of " Gitmo " , which today houses 275 inmates , down from its peak of 800 --- not one of whom has had a trial in a U.S. Federal court .
In a display of arrogance of the sort that is coming to typify this " worst generation " of Americans under President George Bush , the Appeals Court held the Pentagon can do as it pleases to aliens held outside U.S. borders .
They have no rights .
To her credit , dissenting judge Janice Rogers Brown said the decision " leaves us with the unfortunate and quite dubious distinction of being the only court to declare those held at Guantanamo are not ' person (s ) . "
Circuit Judge Karen LeCraft Henderson actually wrote in her main opinion : " It was foreseeable that conduct that would ordinarily be indisputably ' seriously criminal ' would be implemented by military officials responsible for detaining and interrogating suspected enemy combatants . "
Excuse me , but " seriously criminal " conduct is just that , " seriously criminal , " foreseeable or not .
Also , please notice her reference to " suspected enemy combatants " --- an admission the men never received due process .
They were never charged .
They were never tried .
They were never convicted .
But how they were punished !
And , of course , that 's just what 's been happening to thousands of other human beings caught in the terror grip of the Bush regime in prisons across the Middle East .
As former President Jimmy Carter has written , even boys have been imprisoned and tortured .
" The ( Gitmo ) detainees allege that they were held in stress positions , interrogated for sessions lasting 24 hours , intimidated with dogs and isolated in darkness , and that their beards were shaved , " wrote Greg Gordon of McClatchy newspapers in The Miami Herald of January 12th .
And former Gitmo chaplain James
Yee has testified guards scream at the prisoners , " Satan is your god now , not Allah ! " and kick their Korans around the floor .
And who were these dangerous men ?
According to McClatchy , Shafiq Rasul , Asif Iqbal and Rhuhel Ahmed were traveling to Afghanistan " to provide humanitarian relief " but were seized by a Uzbek warlord and sold to U.S. troops for bounty .
The three were unarmed and protested they never engaged in combat against the U.S .
The fourth man , Jamal al Harith , said he was planning to attend a religious retreat in Pakistan , but his truck was hijacked and he was jailed by the Taliban .
When the Taliban fell after the U.S. - led invasion he was sent to Gitmo .
So much for a religious pilgrim and three humanitarian aid workers !
Does n't this sound to you like dragnet arrests ?
Could it be they got no trial because the U.S. knew all along they were innocent and needed " terrorists " to fill its prisons ?
According to Michael Ratner , president of the Center For Constitutional Rights , the Bush regime has imprisoned men in its Cuban enclave because it believes " no court or anybody can go to Gitmo , has jurisdiction over it or can visit it . "
After being held two years , the four Muslims were repatriated to Britain in 2004 and quickly freed .
Their lawyer , Eric Lewis , of Washington , D.C. , said the Pentagon violated the Geneva Conventions , religious freedom laws , and the U.S. Constitution .
He 'll appeal .
Judge Henderson 's decision was handed down the same day Amnesty International ( AI ) sponsored nation - wide protests that drew thousands of people into the streets to urge the closing of Guantanamo .
See if any major presidential candidate , however , utters a word of sympathy for the thousands of falsely imprisoned , illegally - held Muslims !
Meanwhile , President Bush is visiting his Middle East surrogate states prating about " democracy " when the truth of his brutality and butchery dogs him like a specter the whole world can see .
Beware the society whose leaders and judges claim some human beings are " non-persons " !
**************
( Sherwood Ross writes for newspapers and magazines .
Reach him at sherwoodr1 _AT_yahoo.com )
© Scoop Media
Exposure to sunlight allows the body to manufacture vitamin D
Children who took supplements were around 30 % less likely to develop the condition than those who did not .
Type 1 diabetes results from the immune system destruction of pancreatic cells which produce the hormone insulin .
The study , by St Mary 's Hospital for Women and Children , Manchester , appears in Archives of Disease in Childhood .
Type 1 diabetes is most common among people of European descent , with around two million Europeans and North Americans affected .
It is becoming increasingly common , and it is estimated that the number of new cases will rise by 40 % between 2000 and 2010 .
The Manchester team pooled data from five studies examining the effect of vitamin D supplementation .
Not only did the use of supplements appear to reduce the risk , the effect was dose dependent - the higher and more regular the dose , the lower the likelihood of developing the disease .
Sun exposure
Previous research has found that people newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes have lower concentrations of vitamin D than those without the condition .
Studies have also found that type 1 diabetes is more common in countries where exposure to sunlight - which enables the body to manufacture vitamin D - is lower .
For instance , a child in Finland was 400 times more likely to develop the disease than a child in Venezuela .
Separate research has linked low levels of vitamin D and sunlight to other autoimmune disorders , including multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis .
Further evidence of vitamin D's role comes from the fact that pancreatic beta cells and immune cells carry receptors or docking bays for the active forms of the vitamin .
It is thought that vitamin D helps to keep the immune system healthy , and may protect cells from damage caused by chemicals which control inflammation .
Dr Victoria King , of the charity Diabetes UK , said : " Much more research , in particular controlled trials which compares the results when one group of people are given vitamin D supplements and one group is not , are needed before we can confirm a concrete association between vitamin D and type 1 diabetes . "
Governnment experts recommend vitamin D supplementation for at least the first two years of a child 's life , although the Chief Medical Officer for England has suggested supplements for the first five years is a good idea .
New , Fresh & Modern : MBT
MBT Shoes Learning Center
Learn all about these rocker bottom shoes in our MBT Shoes Learning Center .
Read MBT Shoes Reviews
Read MBT reviews from real customers in our MBT Shoes Success Stories section !
Questions about MBT Shoes ?
Find answers in our MBT Shoes Frequently Asked Questions section .
Footwear etc. is proud to offer the largest selection of MBT Shoes , MBT Sandals , MBT Boots and MBT Sneakers in the world .
MBT
Shoes were featured in Oprah's O Magazine !
Click here to read the article !
Wearing MBT
Shoes for the first time ?
Watch the MBT Shoes Instructional Video :
What Sets MBT Apart
Why do our customers love MBT shoes ?
There are lots of reasons !
The unique rocker sole technology creates natural instability , forcing your body to balance itself .
With MBT
Shoes it feels like you 're walking in sand !
The rocker motion helps relieve pressure from your joints , and can alleviate pain from arthritis and even plantar fasciitis .
MBT shoes also provide toning properties each time you take a step .
Quality , comfort and style are integral elements of MBT shoes .
They hold up over time , feel great on your feet and help your entire body be healthy , and are available in a variety of styles such as sneakers , sandals , dress shoes , casual shoes , and even boots .
There ’s a model for every outfit and every occasion you have .
Footwear etc. is a Premier Retailer of MBT Shoes
Footwear etc. has been carrying MBT shoes for many years , and customers have loved the older models ranging from the Sport , the Chapa , and the Tariki to newer models such as the Nafasi , the Jambo , and the Bosi .
Our customer service representatives are experts in how these shoes fit and wear , and would be happy to answer any questions you might have .
MBT shoes are perfect for people who are on their feet all day , or who just want to walk for exercise .
Browse our selection of MBT shoes online to discover what our customers have been raving about !
Every few months , I get in a particular mood that inspires me to look for reasonable finite values to assign to superficially divergent sums .
I ’d like to share some of them with you and start a discussion of just what “ reasonable ” means in this context .
Finally , I have an open ( and open - ended ) question on very divergent series for you all to have a crack at .
I ’m wrapping up an introductory calculus class at the moment , and in the course of doing other things I had the occasion to use the famous formula
I would bet that when most of us first saw this formula , we quickly started plugging in large values of without regard to such refined principles as “ radius of convergence ” .
Setting gives the unsurprising equation
but yields the much more impressive - looking
So my question to you , gentle reader : is this a cute little bit of nonsense , or an honest mathematical truth ?
Let us get the most obvious complaint out of the way first .
“ How could we add only positive numbers and end up with a negative number ?
After all , we can prove that the sum of two positive numbers is positive ! ”
Certainly this is true : any finite sum of positive numbers is still positive .
But the axioms governing the arithmetic of real numbers involve only operations with a finite number of inputs , and the logical derivations we use to reason with these axioms all have a finite number of steps .
So in fact , the axioms of the real numbers do n’t tell us anything at all about what the sign of an expression such as should be .
We are liberated !
Well , not quite .
Let us quickly recall how the closed expression for the sum of the geometric series is usually derived :
Now , why would this proof hold for but not ?
The canonical answer is that the series diverges when , rendering the proof nonsense .
More precisely , the set
has no limit points in the real numbers , so the partial sums are not approaching any real number .
We should feel ashamed for blithely trying to do arithmetic with such a foul expression !
Then again , why should we listen to topological complaints about an algebraic statement with an algebraic proof ?
In fact , if instead of using the absolute value for our metric we used the 2 - adic valuation , the sum honestly converges to .
We ( and by “ we ” I mean “ I ” ) might be inclined to think that the statement
is just true , though some poor benighted axiom systems ( such as the real numbers ) may be too unrefined to prove it for all values of .
But forget about the abstraction for a moment : even your very - much - corporeal computer agrees that the sum of binary numbers
The moral , maybe , is that we should n’t let intuition developed from the topology of the real number line get in the way of giving reasonable answers to infinite sums .
Tomorrow , I ’ll post more on methods for summing divergent series and what I might mean by “ reasonable answers ” .
Also tomorrow : some potentially unreasonable answers for divergent sums , and a sum that seems to actually diverge .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
chief prosecutor
and
defending
The formerfor Guantánamo's military commissions has disclosed that the trials have been rigged to prevent the possibility of acquittal .
Indeed , the current head of the Guantanamo tribunal that will prosecute the defendants -- who is actually in charge of both prosecuting the suspects -- told the former chief prosecutor :
are
The 9/11 prosecutions
.
In addition to the former chief prosecutor mentioned above , three other Guantanamo prosecutors -- Maj. Robert Preston , Capt . John Carr and Capt. Carrie Wolf -- " asked to be relieved of duties after saying they were concerned that the process was rigged .
One said he had been assured he did n’t need to worry about building a proper case ; convictions were assured .
" The current head of the tribunal also said that -- even if the defendantssomehow acquitted -- they may not be released from Guantanamo No wonder the American Bar Association , " which the Pentagon had said would help arrange such representation , has refused to participate because it objects to the trial procedures . "
And no wonder the defense attorneys who have agreed to represent the defendants say that the process is completely unfair .
See also this interview
The only two things the trials will be good for are : ( 1 ) making a spectacle for public consumption , like all good kangaroo court show trials do ; and ( 2 ) suppressing information the suspects wish to express which is inconvenient for the government prosecutors .
The US said China had not undertaken democratic reform
Beijing calls Washington 's rights record " tattered and shocking " .
The Chinese report cites rising violent crime in the US as posing a serious threat to the lives , liberty and personal security of its people .
The foreign ministry said the US should stop posing as a rights watchdog and concentrate on its own problems .
" Stop exercising double standards on human rights issues and wrongly meddling in the internal affairs of other countries , " said ministry spokesman Qin Gang .
He added that China 's achievements on human rights had been " widely recognised by the international community " .
The Chinese report accuses the US of arrogance and is particuarly scathing about the Iraq conflict .
" The invasion of Iraq by US troops has produced the biggest human rights tragedy and the greatest humanitarian disaster in modern world , " the document said .
Beijing 's report , gathered from US and international news sources , quotes crime statistics and cites particular incidents such as the Virginia Tech massacre to back up its claims .
The report comes in response to the US State Department 's annual survey of human rights across the world .
Although the report accuses China of denying its people basic freedoms , the country is not listed as one of the world 's most systematic rights violators .
ADVICE ON SHOPPING FOR A STUDENT LOAN ADVICE ON SHOPPING FOR A STUDENT LOAN
For students trying to navigate the complex world of college loans , the Project on Student Debt , a non-profit group in Washington , D.C. , offers these tips : • Borrow only as much as you really need .
•
Talk to a financial aid officer at your college to see if you might be eligible for more grants even if you 've been offered student loans as part of your financial aid package .
•
Start with federal loans .
Interest rates on Perkins loans ( 5 percent fixed ) or Stafford loans ( maximum 6.8 % ) do n't change over time and are n't affected by your credit rating .
They also come with some borrower protections in case you 're unemployed or have other financial problems after college .
•
Avoid private student loans ( sometimes called " alternative " loans ) if possible .
Even if they start with what seem like low rates , those rates can shoot up at any time .
Also , they do n't have the borrower protections that come with federal loans .
• Beware of private loans in disguise .
Some schools put their own name on private loans , or the loans may have other brand names that make them look safer than they really are .
•
Shop around .
If your school recommends borrowing from a certain lender or lenders , find out why .
If you find a good rate on a private loan , keep talking to other lenders , and see if they will beat that rate .
Make sure you get the final deal in writing and that you understand the limitations and restrictions .
WASHINGTON  Dozens of colleges , universities and trade schools have been ordered to turn over documents to government officials explaining why a single lender at each school handles the majority of federally backed student loans .
The request , sent to 55 schools , comes amid concerns that some colleges might be steering students improperly to lenders who reward schools for the extra business .
The schools have until Friday to give federal education officials documents dating to July 1 , 2005 , that include correspondence with lenders , loan policies and written descriptions of how preferred lenders were chosen .
The targeted schools include large public universities , private liberal arts colleges and career schools where students received at least $ 10 million in federal loans for tuition and fees during the 2006 - 07 school year , according to data obtained from the U.S. Department of Education by Gannett News Service under the Freedom of Information Act.
Education officials selected the 55 schools from a list of 921 , originally identified in June , where a single lender handled at least 80 % of federally backed student loans .
In a recent letter seeking the documents , the Department of Education reminded officials at the 55 schools that students must be allowed to choose which lender they use when participating in the Federal Family Education Loan Program .
" A school may not steer or coerce a borrower , directly or indirectly , to choose a particular lender , " Victoria Edwards , chief program compliance officer for the Department of Education , wrote in the Oct. 24 letter .
" A lender may not have any agreement , or engage in activities , with a school that prevents or impedes a borrower from exercising the right to choose a lender . "
The scrutiny follows reports that some schools and financial aid officers received gifts from lenders in exchange for being placed on preferred lender lists students are encouraged to use .
Several schools had allowed preferred lenders to staff call centers and declined to process loan applications for students who chose other lenders .
Schools have begun adopting codes of conduct that bar officials from accepting gifts from lenders .
And the Department of Education , at the urging of Congress , is adopting rules requiring that schools include at least three choices on preferred lender lists and barring schools from recommending lenders in exchange for financial incentives .
Officials at a handful of the 55 schools contacted by Gannett News Service said they do n't believe they 've done anything improper .
At Faulkner University in Montgomery , Ala. , Edamerica processed $ 12.2 million , or 87 % , of $ 14.1 million students at the school received in federal loans during the 2006 - 07 school year , according to the data .
The school has never steered students to that lender , said Buddy Jackson , director of financial aid at the Christian college .
But Edamerica has an advantage over its competitors :
It 's the first of about 10 recommended lenders listed on the school 's financial aid website .
Jackson said the company offered to update the website last year at no charge , and the school accepted .
" We just happened to be dealing with them when they offered to do it , " said Jackson .
" We can use the help . "
Jackson also said he had served on an Edamerica advisory board until recently .
Education Secretary Margaret Spellings has urged schools to end such potential conflicts of interest , and legislation moving through Congress would prohibit college officials from serving on boards of lenders that do business at those schools .
Students attending Champlain College in Burlington , Vt. , are told their loans will be processed through the Vermont Student Assistance Corp. ( VSAC ) , if they do n't propose their own lender .
The non-profit , state - created lender handled 94 % , or $ 15.3 million , of the school 's federal loans last year , the data indicate .
Four other Vermont schools — all of which use VSAC — are among the 55 that have been ordered to turn over financial aid documents .
David Myette , director of financial aid at Champlain College , said VSAC was a logical choice as a default lender because it offers hands - on customer service , is familiar with the state and does n't charge origination fees .
" Given the borrower benefits and the service , I have no problem suggesting VSAC , " he said .
Enlarge By Al Grillo , AP Education Secretary Margaret Spellings , seen here visiting an elementary school in Anchorage , Alaska in August , has urged colleges and universities to end potential conflicts of interest with lenders and legislation moving through Congress would prohibit college officials from serving on boards of lenders that do business at those schools .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Christian Cannabich - copper engraving by Egid Verhelst 1779
Johann Christian Innocenz Bonaventura Cannabich ( bapt. 28 December 1731 in Mannheim – 20 January 1798 in Frankfurt am Main ) , [ 1 ] was a German violinist , composer , and Kapellmeister of the Classical era .
A composer of some 200 works , he continued the legacy of Johann Stamitz and helped turn the Mannheim orchestra into what Charles Burney described as " the most complete and best disciplined in Europe . " .
[ 2 ]
The orchestra was particularly noted for the carefully graduated crescendos and diminuendos characteristic of the Mannheim school .
[ 3 ]
Together with Stamitz and the other composers of the Mannheim court , he helped develop the orchestral texture that paved the way for the orchestral treatment of the First Viennese School .
Biography [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
Christian Cannabich was the third child of Martin Friedrich Cannabich ( 1690 –1773 ) , a flautist , oboist and music teacher at the Mannheim court . [ 4 ]
Cannabich père was the personal flute teacher of the Prince elector Carl Theodor which in itself created favourable conditions for Christian Cannabich 's later career .
The family originally hailed from Alsace which through history , tradition and custom has always had ( and still has ) close ties to the Palatinate .
It is possible that Cannabich 's father was bilingual in German and French and that Cannabich as a boy heard and learned both languages in his home .
This could explain the relative ease with which Cannabich later moved in French aristocratic circles during his frequent stays in Paris and Versailles .
1742 -1756 Education in Mannheim and Rome [ edit ]
As a boy , he studied violin with Johann Stamitz ( 1717 –1757 ) , composer , violinist , concertmaster and leader of the Mannheim court orchestra .
He joined the violin section of the orchestra as a scholar ( i.e. aspirant ) at age twelve ( 1744 ) , becoming a full member two years later .
In the year 1748 he is listed in the annual court and state calendar ( Churpfälzischer Hof - und Staatskalender ) as a violinist living together with his father in Moritz Lane . [ 5 ]
In 1750 , Charles Theodore , Prince elector of the Electorate of the Palatinate , sent Cannabich to Rome to continue his studies with Niccolò Jommelli , maestro coadiutore of the Papal Chapel and also a successful opera composer .
He remained in Rome until 1753 , and followed his teacher to Stuttgart after Jommelli's appointment as Ober - Kapellmeister in the Swabian capital of the court orchestra .
In 1756 Cannabich returned to Italy for a second time , this time to Milan , where he undertook additional studies with Giovanni Battista Sammartini .
1757 -1773 Concert master [ edit ]
In the spring of 1757 , after the premature death of Johann Stamitz , he was called back to Mannheim to assume Stamitz 's post as first violinist ( together with Carl Joseph Toeschi ) .
In 1759 Cannabich married Maria Elisabeth de la Motte , lady of the bed chamber to the Duchess of Zweibrücken .
They had six children , one of them being Carl Cannabich , later a composer in his own right .
From November 1777 until March 1778 , their daughter Rose received piano lessons from Mozart , whose piano sonata No. 7 in C major is dedicated to her .
Although Cannabich lived very much in the Age of Enlightenment , which allowed and even fostered a certain permeability between the social classes , it was then still unusual for a man of common birth to marry a titled woman .
It turned out that this conjugal alliance would have important and far - reaching consequences for Cannabich .
Duke Christian IV of nearby Zweibrücken took a liking to Cannabich and favoured him with support and attention .
In 1764 he accompanied the Duke , who owned a palace there , to Paris .
Music and musicians from Mannheim were popular with Parisian audiences .
It was during this journey that Cannabich met the Mozarts who , then on their family grand tour , spent the time between November 1763 and April 1764 in the French capital .
During the 1760s and 1770s , Cannabich visited Paris frequently , had his music performed at the Concert Spirituel , and his symphonies and trios printed there .
Most of Cannabich 's works after this date were published in Paris .
1774 -1798 Director of the Mannheim Orchestra [ edit ]
In 1774 Cannabich became director of the Mannheim court orchestra ; as such he not only led the orchestra as concertmaster , but also had the duty to compose the ballet music for the court ballets choreographed by Etienne Lauchery , the Maître de Danse ( court ballet master ) .
Four years later ( 1778 ) he moved with the court to Munich when Charles Theodore , his lord and master , became elector of Bavaria .
Cannabich continued with his duties in Munich as before , but the best years of the Mannheim orchestra were by then all but over .
In the 1780s the elector cut back on the orchestra's budget and reduced the number of musicians from 95 to 55 .
The musicians complained about cutbacks in payment and reduced income .
It is alleged that Cannabich himself had to live on one - third of his former stipend during the last years of his life , which forced the aged musician to go on concert tours and , perhaps for the first time in his life , to do what other , less fortunate musicians had to do all their lives — scramble for money .
Cannabich died while visiting his son , Carl , in Frankfurt am Main in 1798 .
Cannabich and Mozart [ edit ]
Cannabich and Mozart met several times over a period of twenty years .
The second time was in the winter and spring of 1777 - 78 , when Mozart was on his ill - fated journey , first to Mannheim and thence to Paris .
Accompanied by his mother ( his father , Leopold Mozart , had to stay behind to earn the money for this costly venture ) , Mozart had left Salzburg looking for wealth and fame — and above all a position with one of the many German princes .
That mother and son interrupted their journey in Mannheim for a longer stay was not surprising .
In the late 18th century , Mannheim had the best and most famous orchestra in all of Europe .
Excellent musicians and gifted composers ( many of them from Bohemia ) with a strict and relentless drilling method , not to mention a sumptuous budget from the elector of the Electorate of the Palatinate , had turned what formerly had been just one of many princely chapels into a mighty and smoothly - running ensemble .
Ladies reportedly fainted when the Mannheimers unleashed their roaring crescendo — just one of many orchestral devices that was invented there .
Mozart himself praised the orchestra on numerous occasions .
In a letter to his father , he wrote :
" I must now tell you about the music here .
On Saturday , All - Saints ' day , I attended high mass .
The orchestra is very good and numerous .
On each side ten or eleven violins , four tenors , two hautboys , two flutes , and two clarionets , two corni , four violoncellos , four bassoons , and four double basses , besides trumpets and kettle - drums .
This should give fine music - ... " [ 6 ]
Works ( selection ) [ edit ]
Azaki ( 1778 )
40 ballets
Orchestral music
75 symphonies
3 violin concertos
12 string quartets
6 piano trios
30 sonatas for piano and violin
Discography ( selection ) [ edit ]
Christian Cannabich : Symphonies Nos. 47 - 52 . Nicolaus Esterhazy Sinfonia , Conductor : Uwe Grodd .
Naxos 8.554340
. Nicolaus Esterhazy Sinfonia , Conductor : Uwe Grodd .
Naxos 8.554340 Christian Cannabich : Symphonies Nos. 59 , 63 , 64 , 67 and 68 .
Lukas Consort , Conductor : Viktor Lukas .
NAXOS 8.553960
. Lukas Consort , Conductor : Viktor Lukas .
NAXOS 8.553960 Christian Cannabich : Orchestral Works , Sinfonia in D Major & G Major , Sinfonia Concertante in E flat Major and Concerto in C Major .
Kurpfalzisches Kammerorchester , Conductor : Jiri Malat .
Arte Nova 74321 61337 2 .
Sources [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
9/11 may have been an insiders ’ job
News report by
9/11 may have been an insiders ’ job – Dr. Hans Koechler
Syed Akbar Kamal
In a significant observation many time UN contributor & international observer Professor Hans Koechler said “ 9/11 may have been an insider ’s job ” in response to a question from one of the delegates attending his lecture The ' Global War on Terror - Contradictions of an Imperial Strategy ' last night at the Trades Hall in Auckland .
“ I am not a boy - I am 59 .
There are many inconsistencies and inaccuracies in the official version of events .
Those who could not handle a Cessna pulled off 9/11 , ” he said .
But he was quick to note that the official version has to be challenged .
Quoting David Ray Griffin he said these events , in terms of destruction caused , these incidents cannot have been exclusively organized by a shadowy network of Mujahedeen from the remote places of the globe .
The causes officially given for the incidents are not a sufficient explanation for what actually happened on that day , especially as regards the logistics of this highly sophisticated operation and the very advanced infrastructure required for it .
He has published more than 300 books , reports and scholarly articles in several languages .
In his book The Global War on Terror and the Metaphysical Enemy he writes the atrocities of September 11 , 2001 - Instead of dealing with the contradictions and inconsistencies in the official version of events and the numerous gaps in terms of the factual information , a “ dogma of political correctness ” has been promulgated according to which 19 Islamic - inspired Arab hijackers , directed by an elusive “ Al - Qaeda ” ( “ base ” ) , succeeded in carrying out the atrocities all by themselves .
During the course of his lecture he recalled the detailed and precise questions asked on 11 January 2008 by Yukihisa Fujita , member of Japan ’s House of Councillors ( Senate ) and Director of the Senate ’s Committee on Foreign Affairs and Defence , about the 9/11 attacks as the origin of the war on terror are a rare exception .
The total silence about Mr. Fujita ’s intervention before the Committee , that was broadcast live on Japan ’s public NHK television channel , in the Western corporate media is a telling example of the
lack of courage in front a powerful political establishment .
Thus , a rather docile and obviously opportunistic intellectual élite in the West , in tandem with client régimes in the Muslim world , has effectively silenced – or at least marginalized – critical opinion .
Against this bleak – geopolitical as well as civilizational – background we can basically identify two desiderata of international politics in the framework of the increasing alienation between Islam and the West , which accompanies the confrontation over the “ global war on terror ” :
The countries of the West , “ assembled , ” to varying degrees of intensity and loyalty , around the United States as the imperial hegemon , have to realize that they are about to embark upon an unwinnable test of wills : a conflict that can not be ended in ( conventional ) military terms and that will , if not contained by means of multilateral diplomacy , completely absorb the “ political energies ” and exhaust , to a considerable extent , the resources even of advanced industrial societies .
At the same time , they have to correct and eventually reverse the process of “ civilizational alienation ” vis à- vis Islam for which they are responsible in important respects .
There is a need , as then Secretary - General of the United Nations , Kofi Annan , has put it , “ to unlearn the stereotypes that have become so entrenched in so many minds and so much of the media . ”
Since 1972 , UN Secretaries - General in their statements subsequently acknowledged Professor Köchler ’s contributions to international peace .
In April 2000 , Secretary - General Kofi Annan appointed Professor Koechler as international observer at the Scottish Court in the Netherlands ( Lockerbie Trial ) .
He said “ up to the present day , the government of the United Kingdom has rejected calls for a public inquiry into the circumstances of the explosion of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , on 21 December 1989 .
As international observer , appointed by the United Nations , of the Lockerbie trial in the Netherlands I have outlined the flaws in the proceedings and called for a revision of the court ’s verdict . ”
Eventually , in June 2007 , the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission , apparently sharing the author ’s original concerns , referred the case back to the appeal court .
He pointed out the sentencing of a lone intelligence officer from Libya for the downing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , which has caused the death of 270 people .
While this individual most likely is not guilty as charged , i.e. is not the one who inserted the bomb onto the plane via Malta and Frankfurt ( according to the “ Opinion of the Court ” : The High Court of Justiciary at Camp Zeist , Case No : 1475 /99 , 31 January 2001 ) , no efforts have been made to date to comprehensively investigate the midair explosion and prosecute the actual perpetrators .
The U.K. and U.S. governments have both rejected a public inquiry into the circumstances of this incident , thus preventing efficient measures against possible acts of terrorism against civil aviation in the future .
Prof Koechler is the Founder and President of the International Progress Organization ( I.P.O. ) , an international non-governmental organization ( NGO ) in consultative status with the United Nations and with a membership in over 70 countries , representing all continents .
Through his research and international activities , Professor Koechler made major contributions to the debate on international democracy and United Nations reform , in particular reform of the Security Council .
This was acknowledged by international figures such as the German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel .
In 1985 , Professor Koechler organized the first major colloquium on " Democracy in International Relations " on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the United Nations in New York .
With Irish Nobel Laureate Seán MacBride he initiated the Appeal by Lawyers against Nuclear War , which set in motion an international campaign that eventually led to a General Assembly resolution and the issuing of an advisory opinion by the International Court of Justice .
As President of the I.P.O. , he dealt with the humanitarian issues of the exchange of prisoners of war between Iran and Iraq and with the issue of Kuwaiti POWs and missing people in Iraq .
*****
Syed Akbar Kamal is Producer / Director for current affairs programme Darpan - The Mirror nationwide on Stratos & Triangle TV .
www.teamworkproductions.co.nz
ENDS
© Scoop Media
This one was as predictable as lawsuits ever get :
A Los Angeles firm this afternoon has announced a class action against Network Solutions and ICANN over the former 's practice of locking up domain names as soon as they are searched for on its site , which means the party searching can buy the name only from Network Solutions .
The practice has been highly controversial and now lawyers at Kabateck Brown Kellner are tossing around words such as " defraud " and " scheme . "
They 're also suing ICANN for failing to stop what is known in the industry as " front running . "
From the press release :
Network Solutions has forced millions of people to buy Internet domain names from them instead of cheaper competitors through a scheme that 's netted the firm millions of dollars , a federal class action lawsuit filed today by Kabateck Brown Kellner , LLP states .
ICANN , whose policies facilitate the scheme , is also named in the suit , filed in U.S. District Court , Central District of California .
" Imagine if you asked a car dealer if they had a black convertible and were then forced to buy the car from them .
Would you get a good deal ?
Each time someone asks Network Solutions about a domain name , the firm creates a monopoly for itself , forcing consumers to pay the price they demand , " said Brian Kabateck , lead counsel in the class action and Kabateck Brown Kellner 's Managing Partner .
A spokeswoman for Network Solutions tells me the company has yet to receive papers regarding the lawsuit and that it will not likely have a comment about it today .
Network Solutions has defended the practice previously with a lesser - of - two - evils rationale , contending that their locking up of searched - upon names actually protects those names from being snapped up by " domain tasters " who register names by the thousands without paying a penny , thanks to a five - day grace period , a loophole that ICANN only recently promised to close .
ICANN has indicated it has no problem with front running .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers are n't buying that argument :
This allows Network Solutions to continue charging substantially higher prices for domain name registration .
Network Solutions charged $ 34.99 to register the name sought by this suit 's lead plaintiff .
A competitor would have charged $ 9.99 .
I 've contacted ICANN but have yet to receive a reply .
Advertisements
Creatively artistic recycling does n’t have to be limited to helping the environment : it can also be a challenge and opportunity to ingenious designers who work with materials most people would consider waste to create amazing things .
Some of the following designs serve multiple purposes : illustrating the material possibilities of what most would consider trash while also maximizing the aesthetic potential of what would otherwise be considered waste objects .
Clothes become rugs , airline trolleys become furniture , cardboard becomes bridges and sewage turns into building blocks !
The Volksware designers have provided an interesting alternative way of recycling clothes that may not even bit fit for the Salvation Army .
By stitching them and rolling them they have created a simple carpet system that can be cut to length and fit to a space .
This kind of recycled furniture design is something to think about the next time someone tells you to pick your clothes up off the floor !
Ever wonder what happens to those oddly shaped airplane trolleys when the airlines are done using them ?
Well , so did Bordbar before they began appropriating and adding splashes of design to them and reselling them to the public as useful ( if odd ) multipurpose mobile furniture .
These are highly customizable have have a surprising range of possible functions once they are recycled into use – including doubling as recycled bookcases and bookshelves .
There are few things being produced as rapidly , regularly and in such volume as newspapers .
Many of these are , of course , recycled by traditional means , but what if they could serve another purpose that did n’t require the some amount of reprocessing ?
Sumer Erek has been working on one such alternative : reusing newspaper as interior decoration and insulation in a house – be sure to add some recycled wood bowls to your recycled wood table in the middle !
The Remarkable product design team has created a series of colorful and useful versions of traditional products made out of unusual recycled materials .
Their approach is quite simple yet compelling : they brand individual products with information about their origins .
This makes for conversation pieces but also raises awareness about the origins and potential of composite recycled materials .
Architect Shigeru Ban is well known for a number of high - profile architectural designs but perhaps less so for his artistic and ecological side projects such as the cardboard bridge pictured above .
This bridge is composed over over 250 recycled cardboard tubes with recycled paper and plastic comprising the stairs .
Amazingly , this recycled bridge can hold up to 20 people at once !
The BituBlock may interesting and almost artistic … until you realize it is made from post - consumer recycled products including ash , glass and , yes , sewage .
Still , it does n’t smell and ultimately it is an incredibly strong and durable building block that rivals other materials such as concrete that would be used in similar situations – and does so using almost entirely reused and recycled materials .
The Remida Center appropriates scrap materials from all kinds of local businesses in order to gain raw materials ranging from wood and metal to plexiglass and plastic that students can use in art projects .
The idea is both to facilitate art but also to raise awareness about the origins of materials , essentially recycling otherwise unused materials and putting them toward the production of art .
There are all kinds of approaches to garbage gardening that appropriate trash items and reuse them for decorative or practical purposes in gardens .
The example shown above is just one of many including colorful mosaics from broken dishes and assorted other ideas .
Not extreme enough ?
Try guerilla gardening instead or other ways to colorfully recycle see - through materials .
Italian designer Marcella Foschi has developed a quite clever way to recycle cassette tapes : a product material that exists in abundance but is associated with a dying ( or dead ) technology .
Her coin purses are at least cute ( if not collectible ) and appropriate a material we all know , love and have stopped using .
Marcella Foschi is n’t the only one with ideas on how to reuse audio tapes .
Some clever designers have taken it to the next level and begun to weave sonic cloth from the actual tape within the cassettes .
Rights groups outraged after Saudi court punishes gang - assault victim Mike Aivaz and Mike Sheehan
Published : Monday November 19 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email
This A human rights attorney is seeking the restoral of his license so he may file a new appeal on behalf of a Saudi woman who received a harsh court sentence after being sexually attacked , CNN reports .
The 19 - year - old woman was gang - raped by seven men only to later be sentenced by the Saudi court to 200 lashings and six months in jail for " being alone with a man who was not her relative . "
Her punishment had been increased after her attorney spoke publicly about the case , a violation of Saudi law which lead to his disbarment .
A women 's rights group in Saudi Arabia asserts that the case exemplifies why Saudi women and their daughters are afraid to go out on the streets , reports CNN 's Nic Robertson , " because they could get involved in something not of their own making and the verdict could come down against them . "
The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration this week announced a $ 3 million , three - year program that to test the use of unmanned aircraft to measure hurricanes , arctic and Antarctic ice changes and other environmental tasks .
The agency said the drone aircraft would be outfitted with special sensors and technology to help NOAA scientists better predict a hurricane ’s intensity and track , how fast Arctic summer ice will melt , and whether soggy Pacific storms will flood West Coast cities .
NOAA said unmanned aircraft vehicles ( UAV ) could operate for sustained periods at lower altitudes and give meteorologists a continuous sampling of data , including wind speed , temperature , pressure and moisture , unlike most manned operations that occur today .
Starting this summer , unmanned aircraft will take instruments on research flights that are too dangerous or too long for pilots and scientists .
NOAA , working with university and industry partners , will lead three test projects :
· Atlantic and Gulf Hurricanes : Between August 1 and October 31 , small unmanned vehicles will fly into the eye of Atlantic and Caribbean hurricanes at low altitudes too risky for crewed aircraft .
The data will help experts diagnose maximum wind speeds and storm physics to improve hurricane intensity forecasts .
· Arctic Climate Change : Later this year , a larger unmanned aircraft will observe sea ice conditions and track the locations of seal populations as the climate warms .
Ice and atmospheric data will help scientists figure out how clouds , soot , and other airborne particles are helping to melt Arctic ice faster than climate models project from greenhouse gases alone .
· Pacific and West Coast Storms :
In spring 2009 , both low - and high - altitude unmanned vehicles will fly over the Pacific to study “ atmospheric rivers , ” long arms of moisture from ocean storms that bring heavy rain and snow to the West Coast .
The data could help forecasters warn water resource managers in time to adjust reservoir levels and avoid flooding and will shed light on weather and climate processes that affect water resources across the arid west .
Future missions will help monitor fisheries , track Greenland glaciers , preserve natural resources , and provide firefighters with key wildfire data .
Murky plumes of volcanic emissions and urban pollution will also be targets for dirty work by unmanned vehicles , the agency said in a release .
UAVs have been growing way beyond their current major role as military flying machines .
Automated unmanned helicopters and other flying aircraft , will be used to track everything from traffic congestion to forest fires .
UAVs have also been in the news a lot recently .
Last week the European Defense Agency projected unmanned aircraft vehicles ( UAVs ) will be able to operate with civilian air traffic within eight years and it has signed a an $ 8.9 million with a consortium of aerospace companies to develop a detailed roadmap for integrating UAVs into European airspace .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The U.S. military 's first and only study looking into ties between Saddam Hussein 's Iraq and al Qaeda showed no connection between the two , according to a military report released by the Pentagon .
A U.S. soldier in front of a bus hit by a roadside bomb near Nasiriyah , southeast of Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday .
The report released by the Joint Forces Command five years after the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq said it found no " smoking gun " after reviewing about 600,000 Iraqi documents captured in the invasion and looking at interviews of key Iraqi leadership held by the United States , Pentagon officials said .
The assessment of the al Qaeda connection and the insistence that Hussein had weapons of mass destruction were two primary elements in the Bush administration 's arguments in favor of going to war with Iraq .
The Pentagon 's report also contradicts then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , who said in September 2002 that the CIA provided " bulletproof " evidence demonstrating " that there are , in fact , al Qaeda in Iraq . "
Although other groups , like the September 11 commission , have concluded that there was no link between Hussein and al Qaeda , the Pentagon was able to analyze much more information .
The documents cited in the report do reveal that Hussein supported a number of terrorists and terrorist activities inside and outside Iraq .
" The Iraqi regime was involved in regional and international terrorist operations prior to Operation Iraqi Freedom .
The predominant targets of Iraqi state terror operations were Iraqi citizens , both inside and outside of Iraq , " according to the report .
Read excerpts from report ( pdf )
Most of the terrorism was aimed at keeping Hussein and his Baath party in power , according to Pentagon officials .
" State sponsorship of terrorism became such a routine tool of state power that Iraq developed elaborate bureaucratic processes to monitor progress and accountability in the recruiting , training and resourcing of terrorists , " according to the report .
The report cited such examples as training for car bombs and suicide bombings in 1999 and 2000 , both of which U.S. and Iraqi forces have struggled to contain since the rise of the insurgency in summer 2003 .
E-mail to a friend
All About Iraq War • Saddam Hussein • Al Qaeda
AP
TEN years ago Japan was on the point of financial and economic meltdown , with a political establishment utterly incapable of facing up to the crisis .
Those Japanese who cared coined a not altogether pleasing English phrase : “ Japan passing ” , implying not only that the world 's second biggest economy was being passed by in a fast - changing world , but also that Japan could no longer even be taken seriously .
A headline in The Economist at the time tried to sum up the situation more pithily : “ Japan 's amazing ability to disappoint ” ( see article ) .
Until recently , that dreadful time could be regarded as an awful nightmare from which the country had woken up , for Japan seemed to be starting to live up to expectations .
A razzle - dazzle prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi , came to office in 2001 , appearing to bring profound change both to the political establishment and to its ability to deal with economic problems which had festered since Japan 's asset bubble burst in 1990 .
Mr Koizumi forced banks and companies to clear up piles of bad loans .
Companies , thus unburdened , started to make money once more , and from early 2002 the economy began to grow again .
Mr Koizumi appeared to have weakened the special interests — farmers , the construction ministry , senior bureaucrats — to which his ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) had long been in thrall and which had supported its near - unbroken rule over the past half - century .
In effect , Mr Koizumi declared war on the old - style LDP .
Voters loved it .
Under Mr Koizumi's banner of market - minded reform , they delivered a stunning general - election victory to the LDP and its coalition partner , New Komeito , in September 2005 .
When Mr Koizumi retired a year later , there was a widespread belief that Japan was set fair for economic modernisation .
Yet once more there is talk of “ Japan passing ” .
The stockmarket has fallen alarmingly since last summer , and has been in open rout for much of 2008 ( see chart ) .
Measured by the Nikkei 225 share index , Japanese shares are 27 % below last year 's July high : deep bear - market territory .
Share prices are now back to their levels of September 2005 — not even half where they stood 20 years ago .
In January foreign investors pulled record amounts out of the Japanese stockmarket .
Ask any money manager : Japan still has an amazing ability to disappoint .
The latest doubts concern the robustness of Japan 's four - year recovery , during which the economy has grown at a remarkably steady 2 % or so a year .
Though the most recent GDP estimate , for the last quarter of 2007 , suggests above - average growth , many economists point out that the series is notoriously volatile , business investment has probably been exaggerated , and the quarterly growth figure will therefore very likely be revised downwards .
Economists at Goldman Sachs said in late January that the economy was already in recession ; others who are not so sure claim it is a close - run thing .
Meanwhile , political chaos has reigned since last summer .
It has unseated one prime minister , Shinzo Abe , who succeeded Mr Koizumi but resigned under nervous and physical strain in September 2007 .
And it has ensured only the vaguest grip on power for his successor , Yasuo Fukuda .
The chaos was set in train when the opposition Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) , led by Ichiro Ozawa , became the dominant party in the upper house of the Diet ( parliament ) last July after elections for half the chamber 's seats .
It has now brought the impetus for growth - boosting reforms , or indeed for any joined - up policymaking at all , to a halt .
So now the LDP 's Diet - affairs chairman , Tadamori Oshima , responsible for pushing through Mr Fukuda 's agenda , such as it is , despairs that “ investors and political establishments around the world take one look at Japan today and conclude that we politicians are incapable of deciding on anything , not even whether to put one foot in front of the other . ”
With foreign investors selling out , says Mr Oshima , Japan is fast becoming as irrelevant as it was a decade ago .
He asks this British correspondent to prescribe a decent shinguru moruto — single malt — for his depression .
Despair is spreading among the political class responsible for the mess .
If the opposition deplored the “ absence of a framework to sustain economic growth ” , you might take it with a pinch of salt .
But the admission comes from none other than the economy minister , Hiroko Ota , who for good measure says that Japan can no longer be considered a “ top- tier ” economy .
Although she identifies the problem correctly , she has disappointingly little to say about how to solve it .
Demographics darken Japan 's prospects further .
Its population is greying faster than that of any other big economy , so the old will become an increasing burden on workers .
Today , one - fifth of Japanese are over 65 ; by 2015 the proportion will grow to one in four , or about 30 m .
Now , with Japan 's birth rate well below replacement , at 1.32 , and with little immigration to speak of , the population of 127 m has already started to shrink and will fall each year by about 0.6 % over the next half - century .
It is predicted to drop below 100 m by mid-century .
Already , rural regions are emptying , and the shutters are closing on the centres of more and more small towns .
Without robust economic growth , Japan faces pain , especially since the government has racked up high levels of national debt in an attempt to spend its way out of its post - bubble slump .
The bureaucrats ' blunders
Even though companies are far sounder than they were a decade ago , with fewer debts and more focused operations , Japan 's productivity is still pitifully low .
A lack of investment is not the problem .
Rather , low interest rates , an export boom and a business environment in which managers are scarcely accountable to shareholders may have generated too much of the stuff .
Indeed , as Andrew Smithers of Smithers & Co points out , high investment and slow growth mean that Japan 's return on new investment is around half the level in America .
At least companies , notably Japan 's exporters , have been making record profits .
But now the impact on exports of higher oil prices , coupled with a sharp rise in the yen since last summer — a consequence largely of financial - market volatility — throws that profitability into question .
That is even before considering what harm an American - led slowdown might do .
Were Japan 's recovery broad - based , an export slowdown would matter less , because domestic consumption would take up the slack .
Yet despite repeated predictions from economists , household spending has failed to follow a rise in business investment and exports .
The reason again lies with companies .
Even where they have been making record profits , companies have hoarded their cash rather than pay more out in the form of higher wages , which have stagnated even as employment has increased .
Now that a stronger yen and dearer oil are eating into profit margins , the situation may not improve soon .
As a result , Mr Smithers notes , even after drawing down savings this decade , households still consume a smaller proportion of GDP than in any other rich country .
It raises a question : was the path that Mr Koizumi chose to get Japan out of the economic swamp misguided , at least in part ?
By emphasising low interest rates ( good for indebted companies but bad for savers ) and low wages ( ditto ) to help companies out of their mess , Japan 's economy has depended too much on exports and is now worryingly vulnerable to external shocks .
Politicians complain about firms ' tendency to hoard cash , and urge firms to pay workers more .
Yet the incompetence and unpredictability of politicians help explain the companies ' caution .
A year ago , for instance , in a well - intentioned attempt to crack down on predatory lending , the government all but destroyed the consumer - finance industry .
A more serious episode still started last summer , when a system for vetting new buildings was introduced in reaction to the faking of earthquake - proofing data — itself a reaction to hasty new regulation brought in a few years back .
The housing ministry was unable to get new software for the new system running in time .
New - building approvals ground to a halt , and new construction fell by 40 % .
Slowly , matters are righting themselves — new construction in December was just one - fifth below levels a year earlier .
But the extraordinary effect of a single bureaucratic bungle has been to knock 0.6 percentage points off Japan 's growth .
The building - standards fiasco was one reason for the reduction in the government 's growth forecast for the fiscal year to the end of March , from 2.1 % to 1.3 % .
These costly blunders were committed even before July 's elections divided the Diet ; with the current political chaos , the risks of things going wrong is still higher .
The incompetence of politicians and bureaucrats does not just lead to expensive short - term disasters ; it also threatens Japan 's long - term growth prospects .
Japan needs a mass of economic reforms — a more open climate to foreign investment , for instance , lower tariffs on imported food , fewer subsidies for farmers , freer trade , better tax treatment of foreign companies , the abolition of a welter of business subsidies , a more flexible labour market , greater fiscal rectitude ( national debt is currently around 180 % of GDP ) , more accountability by pension funds and insurance companies , further privatisation of services and much more .
Takatoshi Ito of Tokyo University , who sits on the Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy , the government 's advisory body that drove structural reform during the Koizumi years , has calculated the economic benefit of pursuing the reforms the CEFP advocates , and the costs of abandoning them .
Pursue reform , he argues , and Japan should be able to grow at a respectable 2 % a year .
Abandon it , and growth will crawl along at 1 - 1.4 % .
And crawl it will , if Mr Ito is right , because Japan has abandoned reform .
Blame a political establishment of underwhelming talent and vision , and an almighty constitutional mess .
First in line for blame is Mr Abe .
Though he came to office as a self - styled reformer , nothing he has ever said or done suggests an interest in improving the economy .
Once in office , he seems to have calculated that Japan would chug happily along , leaving him to pursue pet nationalist themes such as inculcating patriotism in schools .
A tin ear for other issues left him oblivious to a growing chorus of dismay at decaying country towns , sluggish wage growth and a growing scandal of bureaucratic incompetence and corruption in the state pension system .
On top of that , Mr Abe 's government , though short - lived , was dogged by a seemingly endless series of financial scandals .
The LDP 's upper - house defeat was the punishment .
Amazingly , Mr Abe appears to think he deserves another shot at high office — at 53 , he is young by the standards of Japanese politicians .
Second in line are the ancient crocodiles of the LDP .
In a panic , they closed around Mr Fukuda , who at 71 is the face of experience over Mr Abe 's callow youth .
Under Mr Koizumi and Mr Abe , decision - making had devolved from the LDP corridors to the prime minister and even as far down as the cabinet .
Under Mr Fukuda , power has flowed back to the factions and to the party gerontocrats — notably two former prime ministers , Yasuhiro Nakasone ( 89 ) and Yoshiro Mori ( 70 ) as well as Tsuneo Watanabe ( 81 ) , publisher of Japan 's biggest - circulation newspaper , the Yomiuri Shimbun .
It was Mr Watanabe who arranged the farcical secret meetings late last year between Mr Ozawa , leader of the opposition DPJ , and Mr Fukuda about forming a “ grand coalition ” — though he has not since bothered to inform his newspaper 's readers about that .
Taking back the car keys
In effect , a generational coup has taken place , with the keys to the political car taken back by the oldies .
The result is that structural change is on hold .
Negotiations to lower trade barriers with other countries have slowed .
Tax reform to set the budget on an even keel has been put off .
A senior reform - minded civil servant says that morale among modernising bureaucrats , those that favour privatisation and more competition , has sunk .
None of them , he says , now dares propose growth - boosting reforms — as they used to under Mr Koizumi and even Mr Abe — for fear of incurring the disfavour of their political masters .
Meanwhile , attacks on foreign investment are on the rise again among politicians and old - guard civil servants .
Mr Fukuda understands Japan 's problems better than Mr Abe did .
He spelt some of them out in his policy address to the Diet 's new session last month : he underlined the need to overcome labour - market rigidities that discourage women and the elderly , and discriminate against Japan 's army of workers who can find only temporary jobs .
He bemoaned Japan 's feeble standing as an international financial centre , thanks in part to hostility to foreign investment .
He stressed the importance of putting the government 's rickety finances to rights , and he has since championed the cause of consumers .
Yet both allies and opponents alike believe he has neither the gumption nor the authority forcefully to push for these goals .
In particular , the government already looks like missing a long - agreed target to balance the budget , before interest payments , by 2011 .
In the government 's latest budget , for the fiscal year beginning in April , the LDP 's traditional clients , farmers and road - builders , are getting goodies denied them in recent years .
Third in line for blame comes the DPJ's Mr Ozawa .
His party 's ranks have plenty of young politicians favouring market - driven reforms .
Deploring the one - party state that Japan has largely been under the LDP since the second world war , this bunch thinks Japan would be better served by competitive parties alternating in power .
Perhaps Mr Ozawa does , too .
After all , nearly two decades ago when he himself was a baron in the LDP , he first launched the debate about how Japan should modernise long before the political establishment was thinking about it .
Ever since he stormed out of the LDP , he has vowed to bring it down .
Reuters
Mr Ozawa 's style , however , if occasionally brilliant , is also thin - skinned and autocratic : he does his deals in the shadows without consulting colleagues .
These are hardly the right qualities for the leader of a party that makes such a great show of transparency and accountability .
Meanwhile , his mercurial character has only got more erratic .
Since campaigning as the farmer 's friend — admittedly a successful strategy in the upper - house elections , where rural votes carried a disproportionate weight —
Mr Ozawa has come to sound like the old - style LDP bosses against whom he once turned .
That unsettles the modernisers in his party , most of whom represent urban , more reform - minded constituencies .
And how else , apart from ascribing a growing erratic streak to Mr Ozawa , to explain the extraordinary about - face last November , when he switched from vowing to bring down Mr Fukuda and his government to cutting private deals with the prime minister ?
To the DPJ 's modernisers , a grand coalition would spell doom to the party , which defines itself precisely by offering itself as an alternative to the LDP .
Younger parliamentarians have become so dissatisfied with Mr Ozawa that Yukio Hatoyama , the DPJ 's secretary - general , now says that he , and not Mr Ozawa , is answerable to the party caucus .
It is a hint that Mr Ozawa , at least for the time being , has agreed to cede some authority .
Yet Mr Ozawa has a gun to the party 's head .
He knows that a split over his leadership might cause the DPJ to crumble .
And should he choose to leave ( he has flounced out of parties before ) , a handful of parliamentarians leaving with him would mean that the DPJ would almost certainly lose its upper - house majority .
Most of all , perhaps , blame two parties bursting with internal contradictions , a constitution that never envisaged opposing parties controlling the Diet 's two chambers , and a culture that treats politics as a personal , sometimes family , business , not a means of offering voters choices about how their country should be run .
An election would not solve these problems , but it might at least encourage parties to tell voters what they stand for .
Lastly , the voters must take some of the blame .
Ten years ago , when The Economist lamented Japan 's amazing ability to disappoint , one shrewd parliamentarian wrote in to challenge that .
The headline , he said , should have read : “ The Japanese people 's amazing inability to be disappointed ” .
A general election would at least give them the chance to start holding their politicians to a higher standard .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Many voters in Saturday 's Republican contests showed they 're not yet ready to support Sen .
John McCain as their party 's nominee while Sen. Barack Obama cut into Sen. Hillary Clinton 's lead in the race for Democratic delegates .
Obama claimed victory in Louisiana , Nebraska and Washington on Saturday , as well as in the Virgin Islands .
" The stakes are too high and the challenges are too great to play the same old Washington game with the same old Washington players and expect a different result , " Obama told a hugely supportive crowd of Democrats at the Jefferson - Jackson dinner in Richmond , Virginia .
" People want to turn the page .
They want to write a new chapter in American history . "
Watch Obama rally in Virginia »
Clinton has 1,100 delegates and Obama has 1,039 , according to CNN calculations .
Obama leads in pledged delegates -- 908 to 877 -- but Clinton 's superdelegates -- 223 to 131 -- give her the overall lead .
" If I 'm your nominee , you will never have to worry that I will be knocked out of the ring , because I do have strength and experience to lead this country , and I am ready to go toe - to - toe with Sen .
McCain whenever and wherever he desires , " Clinton said Saturday .
Watch Clinton address supporters »
On the Republican side , Mike Huckabee upset front - runner McCain in Saturday 's Republican contests .
What do the results mean ? »
The former Arkansas governor beat McCain in Kansas nearly 3 - 1 .
Huckabee also took Louisiana , narrowly edging out McCain , according to CNN projections .
With both Huckabee and McCain falling short of the 50 percent mark , the 20 delegates will be allocated at next Saturday 's Louisiana state GOP convention .
In Washington state , the state Republican Party declared McCain the winner .
Huckabee 's Saturday wins show that Republicans are not necessarily falling in line behind McCain , the Republicans ' presumptive nominee .
In Louisiana , exit polls showed that a majority of conservatives rejected the Arizona Republican .
Only 34 percent of conservatives voted for McCain compared with 50 percent who voted for Huckabee , according to exit polls .
" People across America are gravitating toward our campaign and realizing that there is still a choice .
And that 's what we 've said all along , that this race is far from being over , " Huckabee said after the first results came in .
Watch what Huckabee says about the results »
Obama and Huckabee have done well in caucus states like Iowa , where grass - roots efforts are more likely to have greater influence .
Obama also picked up a boost in Washington with the endorsement of the state 's governor , Christine Gregoire .
Saturday 's races marked the first contests without former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who suspended his campaign Thursday .
But Huckabee faces a daunting challenge .
McCain has a significant lead in the delegate count after Super Tuesday .
Huckabee has 217 delegates to McCain 's 714 , according to CNN calculations .
Even if Huckabee wins every remaining state with 50 percent of the vote to McCain 's 40 percent , McCain would still be the nominee .
" The other scenario ... if he kept winning by large margins could he keep John McCain short of the line ?
That is a more probable scenario , but still an unlikely scenario , " said CNN chief national correspondent John King .
" I know the pundits , and I know what they say :
The math does n't work out , " Huckabee said Saturday morning at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington .
" Well , I did n't major in math , I majored in miracles .
And I still believe in those , too . "
A senior McCain adviser said the campaign was not surprised by the results in Kansas .
" There are more caucus states we will probably lose , but our campaign is focusing on a transition from front - runner to nominee , " he said .
McCain spent part of Saturday making calls in a bid to shore up conservative support for his campaign , according to CNN 's Dana Bash .
Huckabee scored wins in the Southern states of Alabama , Georgia , Tennessee , and his native Arkansas on Super Tuesday , and social conservatives in Louisiana might mobilize behind him and send a message to McCain .
Huckabee pulled off a win in the Iowa caucuses , the product of a grass - roots movement , and both Kansas and Washington are caucus states .
Huckabee said Saturday that the $ 250,000 his campaign had raised online in 24 hours was a sign of the health of his presidential effort .
Louisiana , still suffering from Hurricane Katrina , could be a key political state this year -- something not lost on both Democratic campaigns as they drum up last - minute votes .
Watch the Democratic candidates campaign »
On the Republican side , Huckabee was in Kansas on Friday .
He attended rallies in Olathe , Wichita , Topeka and Garden City .
McCain , meanwhile , held a national security roundtable in Norfolk , Virginia , and later traveled to Wichita , Kansas .
Afterward , it was off to Seattle .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Sean Callebs and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .
All About Democratic Party • Republican Party • U.S. Presidential Election
America is sitting on top of a super massive 200 billion barrel Oil Field that could potentially make America Energy Independent and until now has largely gone unnoticed .
Thanks to new technology the Bakken Formation in North Dakota could boost America ’s
Oil reserves by an incredible 10 times , giving western economies the trump card against OPEC ’s short squeeze on oil supply and making Iranian and Venezuelan threats of disrupted supply irrelevant .
In the next 30 days the USGS ( U.S. Geological Survey ) will release a new report giving an accurate resource assessment of the Bakken Oil Formation that covers North Dakota and portions of South Dakota and Montana .
With new horizontal drilling technology it is believed that from 175 to 500 billion barrels of recoverable oil are held in this 200,000 square mile reserve that was initially discovered in 1951 .
The USGS did an initial study back in 1999 that estimated 400 billion recoverable barrels were present but with prices bottoming out at $ 10 a barrel back then the report was dismissed because of the higher cost of horizontal drilling techniques that would be needed , estimated at $ 20 - $ 40 a barrel .
It was not until 2007 , when EOG Resources of Texas started a frenzy when they drilled a single well in Parshal N.D. that is expected to yield 700,000 barrels of oil that real excitement and money started to flow in North Dakota .
Marathon
Oil is investing $ 1.5 billion and drilling 300 new wells in what is expected to be one of the greatest booms in Oil discovery since Oil was discovered in Saudi Arabia in 1938 .
Jeff Spicoli says
Robot High School is a music video directed by Roel Wouters with music by My Robot Friend .
Despite how it may appear , the video was shot in a single take with no significant computer - generated effects added , just some minor post - production cleanup .
Robot High School allegorically questions what happens when our perspective and views of reality are manipulated by those in authority without any moral concern for the outcome .
Robot High School is the title track on My Robot Friend 's newest album due in 2008 .
You can download free copies of the video and song and find out the latest news about the album at :
Patrick CockburnEditor ’s Note :
This column originally appeared in The Independent .
The US commander in Iraq , General David Petraeus , expressed long - term interest in running for the US presidency when he was stationed in Baghdad , according to a senior Iraqi official who knew him at that time .
Sabah Khadim , then a senior adviser at Iraq ’s Interior Ministry , says General Petraeus discussed with him his ambition when the general was head of training and recruitment of the Iraqi army in 2004 - 05 .
“ I asked him if he was planning to run in 2008 and he said , ‘ No , that would be too soon ’ , ” Mr Khadim , who now lives in London , said .
General Petraeus has a reputation in the US Army for being a man of great ambition .
If he succeeds in reversing America ’s apparent failure in Iraq , he would be a natural candidate for the White House in the presidential election in 2012 .
His able defence of the “ surge ” in US troop numbers in Iraq as a success before Congress this week has made him the best - known soldier in America .
An articulate , intelligent and energetic man , he has always shown skill in managing the media .
But General Petraeus ’s open interest in the presidency may lead critics to suggest that his own political ambitions have influenced him in putting an optimistic gloss on the US military position in Iraq .
Mr Khadim was a senior adviser in the Iraqi Interior Ministry in 2004 - 05 when Iyad Allawi was prime minister .
“ My office was in the Adnan Palace in the Green Zone , which was close to General Petraeus ’s office , ” Mr Khadim recalls .
He had meetings with the general because the Interior Ministry was involved in vetting the loyalty of Iraqis recruited as army officers .
Mr Khadim was critical of the general ’s choice of Iraqis to work with him .
For a soldier whose military abilities and experience are so lauded by the White House , General Petraeus has had a surprisingly controversial career in Iraq .
His critics hold him at least partly responsible for three debacles : the capture of Mosul by the insurgents in 2004 ; the failure to train an effective Iraqi army , and the theft of the entire Iraqi arms procurement budget in 2004 - 05 .
General Petraeus went to Iraq during the invasion of 2003 as commander of the 101st Airborne Division and had not previously seen combat .
He first became prominent when the 101st was based in Mosul , in northern Iraq , where he pursued a more conciliatory line toward former Baathists and Iraqi army officers than the stated US policy .
His efforts were deemed successful .
When the 101st left in February 2004 , it had lost only 60 troops in combat and accidents .
General Petraeus had built up the local police by recruiting officers who had previously worked for Saddam Hussein ’s security apparatus .
Although Mosul remained quiet for some months after , the US suffered one of its worse setbacks of the war in November 2004 when insurgents captured most of the city .
The 7,000 police recruited by General Petraeus either changed sides or went home .
Thirty police stations were captured , 11,000 assault rifles were lost and $ 41 m ( £ 20 m ) worth of military equipment disappeared .
Iraqi army units abandoned their bases .
The general ’s next job was to oversee the training of a new Iraqi army .
As head of the Multinational Security Transition Command , General Petraeus claimed that his efforts were proving successful .
In an article in The Washington Post in September 2004 , he wrote : “ Training is on track and increasing in capacity .
Infrastructure is being repaired .
Command and control structures and institutions are being re-established . ”
This optimism turned out be misleading ; three years later the Iraqi army is notoriously ineffective and corrupt .
General Petraeus was in charge of the Security Transition Command at the time that the Iraqi procurement budget of $ 1.2bn was stolen .
“ It is possibly one of the largest thefts in history , ” Iraq ’s Finance Minister , Ali Allawi , said .
“ Huge amounts of money disappeared .
In return we got nothing but scraps of metal . ”
Mr Khadim is sceptical that the “ surge ” is working .
Commenting on the US military alliance with the Sunni tribes in Anbar province , he said : “ They will take your money , but when the money runs out they will change sides again . ”
Teeth brushed , condom on , socks off ?
The London Times has revealed a list of top ten sex tips for men.1 .
Men are n't irresistible and not all women are desperate for sex .
Good lovemaking starts long before you reach the bedroom , so before any date , have a bath .
Everyone smells : some women like the smell of male sweat , others do n't , but no one likes the smell of stale sweat .
Watching steaming movies can help things along .
2 . Sexual gymnastics are often distracting .
Chopping and changing positions and techniques can make a woman 's sexual excitement plummet .
3 .
Thrusting for hours without climaxing does n't make you a stud muffin .
It does make her numb and sore .
4 .
Do n't assume your partner is comfortable in her own skin .
A survey of 3,500 British women , by the bathroom equipment company SHUC , found that one woman in ten feels so embarrassed about her body that she turns the lights out before taking off her clothes .
The average woman still spends a lot of time every day beating herself up about her weight and looks .
Nakedness increases that vulnerability , so be sensitive to her insecurities and , if you think that your partner looks great , for God 's sake tell her .
5 .
There 's more to sex than pushing the right button .
Men have discovered that the key to female orgasm is clitoral stimulation , and many now rub the lamp rather than poking around inside it .
The upside is that women are climaxing more often but the increase in emphasis on genital manipulation has made for some very mechanical sex .
Going straight to the erogenous zones is the equivalent of fast forward .
Men who focus on left breast , right breast , genitals , reduce their partner to a set of body parts .
6 . Be polite .
Never nudge your partner 's head towards your nether regions .
During fellatio do n't thrust into your partner 's mouth , do n't hold the side of her head - and definitely warn her when you think you are going to come .
With regard to orgasm , always operate a ladies - first policy .
7 .
Make certain that your partner knows how attractive you find her by paying as much attention to kissing her , complimenting her and generally spoiling her .
Do n't neglect the breasts and other erogenous zones .
8 .
Though clitoral orgasm is easy to achieve , most women want to experience penetrative orgasm .
Intercourse is the ultimate connection between man and woman and the sensation of fullness that it creates is intensely pleasurable .
9 . Women are slow burners .
They take longer to become aroused and get as much pleasure , if not more , out of tenderness , kissing and cuddling .
Though quickie sex has its place , for women on the whole , the longer sex takes , the better it feels .
If arousal is allowed to build gradually , it floods the whole body rather than being confined to the genital area and a delayed orgasm is infinitely more powerful than an orgasm induced by five minutes of digital manipulation .
10 .
Put a little X in your sex .
Watching steamy movies with your partner will increase the chance of some how 's - your - father .
Source : Source : Times Online - Oct 3 , 2007
AFP
March 3 , 2008
Stock markets in Europe and the United States had sunk late last week following signs that the fallout from the US credit crisis was far from over .
European equities dived on Monday after heavy falls earlier in Asia as markets were gripped by growing concern that the US economy was slipping into recession , dealers said .
Stock markets in Europe and the United States had sunk late last week following signs that the fallout from the US credit crisis was far from over .
In late morning European trade on Monday , Frankfurt , London and Paris stock markets chalked up fresh losses of about 1.5 percent .
Asian stocks plunged earlier Monday with Tokyo ending down almost 4.5 percent , Hong Kong tumbled 3.07 percent and Seoul gave up 2.3 percent .
Singapore and Sydney both shed about 3.0 percent .
“ Not a great start to the week with the UK following falls in the US Friday and Asia today , ” said Mike Lenhoff , strategist at brokerage Brewin Dolphin .
“ What matters most to investors is what is happening in the US .
Investors view the US as in recession or going into recession which is not good news for corporate earnings and the market . ”
London ’s FTSE 100 index of top companies shed 1.32 percent to 5,806.70 points .
Frankfurt ’s DAX 30 slid 1.51 percent to 6,646.08 points and the Paris CAC 40 lost 1.33 percent to 4,727.09 .
In the foreign exchange market , the euro stood at 1.5174 dollars , after striking a record high 1.5239 last Friday .
The European banking sector took a big hit amid fresh credit crunch fears , with giant HSBC announcing more than 17 billion dollars in losses linked to the US housing sector in 2007 .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
「 どうせ MzScheme なんだか ら Gauche への移植くらい簡単じゃね ?」とは、たぶんすぐ思いつくことなんですが、やってみたら意外と大変ですね、というのが結論ぽい感じですね。
arc は MzScheme の上に乗ってるわけで 、 Gauche に移行するには arc が使っている MzScheme の機能を移植、もしくは代替する機能に割り当てなければならない。で、そういう「 MzSchemeの機能」なんて大して気にしていませんでしたが、一部のものは移植が大変であると。たとえばモジュールや名前空間は頑張ればそれほど大変じゃなさそうですし、セマフォも mutex と condition variable を組み合わせれば実装はできそうです。でも current - gc - milliseconds とかは Gauche レベルではちょっと実装できそうにないし、
Gauche の gc は Boehm を使ってるか ら
Gauche を改造すればできるかどうかも怪しい。あと thread 関係は意味論が微妙に違うものがあり、 break - thread とか thread - dead ?
とかは Gauche でどう実装したものか、なんて問題もあるのかも。
というわけで飽きてしまった。だめだな。まあ arc にはそこまでして移植したいという気が起きないといったところか。
ところで、 「 ac.scm で使われていて Gauche で定義されていないシンボル」を取り出すというスクリプトを書いてみようと思ったらこれが意外と手間だった。とりあえず切り出したのは、
( ac - macex all - defined arc< arc > args break - thread call - with - semaphore char current - gc - milliseconds current - milliseconds current - process - milliseconds current - seconds delete - file directory - exists ?
directory - list else exn-message exn:fail ?
exn? flush - output fn hash - table - count hash - table - remove !
int kill - thread lib make - limited - input - port make - semaphore make - thread - cell module mzscheme namespace - set - variable - value !
namespace - variable - value once parameterize path -> string pretty - print print - hash - table random sleep sym system tcp- accept tcp - addresses tcp - close tcp - listen tcp - listener ?
thread thread - cell - ref thread - cell - set !
thread - dead ?
type vals with - handlers )
といったところ。まだノイズがあるのでイマイチですが、おおむねこんな感じなのかな。なお切り出しに使ったスクリプトは下記の通り。
( use srfi - 1 ) ( use util.match ) ( define ( search - symbol sym ) ( define m ( find - module ' gauche ) ) ( global - variable - bound ? m sym ) ) ( define ( check - symbols - in - file filename ) ( define symbol - set ( make - hash - table ) ) ( define defined - set ( make - hash - table ) ) ( define ( symbol - defined ? tables sym ) ( any ( cut hash - table - exists ? <> sym ) tables ) ) ( define ( symbols - resolv tables obj ) ( match obj ( ( ' quote x ) # t ) ( ( ' define ( var args ... ) body ... ) ( if ( hash - table - exists ? symbol - set var ) ( hash - table - delete ! symbol - set var ) ) ( hash - table - put ! ( car tables ) var # t ) ( let1 new - set ( make - hash - table ) ( for - each ( cut hash - table - put ! new - set <> # t ) args ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) body ) ) ) ( ( ' define var body ... ) ( if ( hash - table - exists ? symbol - set var ) ( hash - table - delete ! symbol - set var ) ) ( hash - table - put ! ( car tables ) var # t ) ( let1 new - set ( make - hash - table ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) body ) ) ) ( ( ' let ( ( vs . ds ) ... ) body ... ) ( symbols - resolv tables ds ) ( let1 new - set ( make - hash - table ) ( for - each ( cut hash - table - put ! new - set <> # t ) vs ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) body ) ) ) ( ( ' let * ( vars ... ) body ... ) ( let1 new - set ( make - hash - table ) ( for - each ( lambda ( def ) ( cond ( ( pair ? def ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) ( cdr def ) ) ( hash - table - put ! new - set ( car def ) # t ) ) ) ) vars ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) body ) ) ) ( ( ' let - values ( ( vs . ds ) ... ) body ... ) ( symbols - resolv tables ds ) ( let1 new - set ( make - hash - table ) ( for - each ( cut for - each ( cut hash - table - put ! new - set <> # t ) <>) vs ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) body ) ) ) ( ( ' lambda args body ... ) ( let1 new - set ( make - hash - table ) ( if ( list ? args ) ( for - each ( cut hash - table - put ! new - set <> # t ) args ) ( hash - table - put ! new - set args # t ) ) ( symbols - resolv ( cons new - set tables ) body ) ) ) ( ( body bodies ... ) ( symbols - resolv tables body ) ( symbols - resolv tables bodies ) ) ( (? symbol ? sym ) ( if ( not ( symbol - defined ? tables sym ) ) ( hash - table - put ! symbol - set sym # t ) ) ) ( _ # t ) ) ) ( define ( read - and - scan p ) ( let1 obj ( read p ) ( cond ( ( eof- object ? obj ) symbol - set ) ( else ( symbols - resolv ( list defined - set symbol - set ) obj ) ( read-and - scan p ) ) ) ) ) ( call - with - input - file filename read - and - scan ) ( filter ( lambda ( s ) ( not ( search - symbol s ) ) ) ( hash - table - keys symbol - set ) ) )
Since its launch in January 2006 , the only thing that has been publicly known about former AMD CTO Fred Weber 's new venture is its name : MetaRAM .
Clearly , the stealth - mode company was working on something to do with RAM , but what ?
As of today , MetaRAM is finally ready to talk about its technology , and it appears to be a pretty solid evolutionary step for the tried - and - true SDRAM DIMM module .
In short , MetaRAM 's technology enables DIMM capacity increases of two or four times , so that a single DDR2 MetaSDRAM DIMM can hold 4GB or 8 GB of memory while still being a drop - in replacement for a normal DIMM .
Because MetaRAM 's high - capacity DIMMs look to an Intel or AMD system like normal DDR2 DIMMs , the company expects to see servers with memory configurations that would normally require expensive custom hardware to become significantly cheaper .
One of MetaRAM 's channel partners will soon announce a server with 256GB of main memory for under $ 50,000 , with 500 GB boxes on tap for a higher price points
I 'm tempted to suggest that " 500 GB of memory oughta be enough for anybody , " but MetaRAM is looking to virtualization and enterprise databases as application domains that provide a rationale for putting that much memory in a single server .
MetaRAM claims that its own research indicates that 80 percent of enterprise server databases are under 500GB in size , and if this is true , then hosting those databases entirely in main memory could get a lot cheaper after today .
MetaRAM is a fabless semiconductor company , and its manufacturing partners are Hynix and SMART Modular .
Both chipmakers are currently sampling 8GB DDR2 DIMMs , and MetaRAM expects to see servers and workstations that include the technology available from Rackable and launch partners later this quarter .
How it works
MetaRAM uses a 3D chip stacking technology to cram extra SDRAM chips onto the DIMM , with the result that each DIMM is actually two or four DIMMs worth of memory .
Also on the DIMM is a pair of custom chips that are the secret sauce that makes MetaRAM work .
This MetaRAM chipset sits in between the system 's main memory controller and the on-DIMM DRAMs , routing reads and writes to the appropriate DRAM and hiding its own presence .
" We had to make our chip look like a DRAM to the memory controller , and like a memory controller to the DRAMs , " said Suresh Rajan , the MetaRAM co-founder whom I talked to about the company 's technology .
This memory traffic routing messes with the DDR2 DRAM timings quite a bit , so the MetaRAM chipset 's dynamic command scheduling circuitry ends up doing a kind of " out - of - order execution " with the flow of reads and writes so that the DIMM can operate at a full 667M Hz without any glitches .
A MetaRAM DIMM
Rajan claims that in order to squeeze its chipset into the standard DIMM power and thermal envelope , the company had to do a fully custom circuit design .
" Ever single cell in the chip was hand - placed and hand - routed to make sure that the clocking fits with existing systems , " said Rajan .
Also important in enabling MetaRAM to meet its strict power budget is the company 's WakeOnUse technology , which works as follows : a MetaSDRAM DIMM tries to keep all of its on - board DRAMs asleep if possible , and since the MetaRAM chipset is constantly directing memory traffic , it has a good idea of where the next reads and writes will come from and which SDRAMs it should wake up .
This dynamic power optimization , where SDRAMs are only awakened if they 're about to be used , is key for keeping a MetaSDRAM DIMM within normal DIMM constraints .
I asked Rajan to compare and contrast MetaRAM with FB - DIMM in terms of power draw , and he told me that the typical FB - DIMM's AMB draws 5 to 7 watts .
The MetaRAM chipset , in contrast , draws only 2.5 watts on the high end , and the power draw scales linearly with usage .
Ultimately , MetaRAM looks like a solid replacement for FB - DIMM .
Sure , you 're stuck with DDR2's bandwidth , but as a consolation prize you get a ton of extra capacity with the same power envelope and interface as regular DDR2 SDRAM .
It 's likely that a serial , packet - based memory protocol ( a la RDRAM or FB - DIMM ) is still in our future , but MetaRAM looks poised to tide us over nicely until that future arrives .
A message in a bottle , which has floated on the waves of time for 90 years , has been found by French archaeologists .
The beer bottle contained a letter sent to an American soldier fighting in the First World War from his " Aunt Pete " in Oklahoma City .
It was discovered by accident by archaeologists exploring a 6th and 7th century Merovingian settlement , at Messein in Lorraine .
The letter gives a jaunty , unthinkingly racist account of life in the US Midwest in July 1918 , four months before the end of the war .
" Its [ sic ] all most [ sic ] impossible to get help of any kind and those you do get are likely to be called any time , " Aunt Pete writes .
" There is a big bunch of darkeys going tomorrow night .
They had a big parade today and are going to have a big dance tomorrow at the colored park : we lost our porter . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The letter appears to have reached Sergeant Morres Vickers Liepman , of D Battery , 130th Field Artillery , who was serving with the 35th Division of the American expeditionary force in Lorraine .
Sgt Liepman , who survived the war , placed the letter in the bottle and buried it .
He may have been trying to preserve it during a German bombardment .
The bottle had previously held Champigneulles , a local beer .
It was still equipped with its mechanical closing system .
The envelope and four pages were almost perfectly preserved .
The bottle was found by a team working for a French government agency , L'Institut National de Recherches Archéologiques Preventives ( Inrap ) , which explores important archaeological sites on which development is planned .
Officials from Inrap have tried to trace Sgt Liepman 's descendants without success .
The US embassy in Paris has discovered that Morres V Liepman studied in Pittsburgh , Kansas , and enlisted on 25 July 1917 .
He reached Le Havre in June 1918 and fought in the battles of the Argonne , Saint - Mihiel and the Vosges .
In the autumn of 1918 his unit was stationed in the Haye Forest sector not far from the Noires terres where his letter was found .
He returned to the US in 1919 .
Aunt Pete 's second name is unknown .
The only address on her letter is that of the Robert M Scott drugstore in Oklahoma City .
* Inrap would be pleased to receive any more information on Sgt Liepman or Aunt Pete .
The information officer , Mahaut Tyrrell , can be contacted on mahaut.tyrrell@inrap.fr .
Other extracts from the letter include :
My Dear Morres ,
Well I guess you did n't know you were sending me a birthday letter you wrote me June the 8th and I got it July 8th .
Say , do n't ever again write on both sides of the paper for your letter was all cut up – you see where they cut out what they did n't want poor me to know , they cut out the other side too ....
I wish you could hear Louise talk French .
Her teacher says she is the best in the class ...
It is so hot here that you could cook eggs in the sand .
Gee , Morres , I wish I could visit you now .
It sure would be some trip .
Robert says he would like to see it all , but he do n't think he would like to get in the war ...
Well write me when you can .
With heaps of love from the family and best wishes .
From Aunt Pete
" But if we evolved from monkeys , why are there still monkeys ? "
First , I am not going to give you the common brush off to your question : " We did n't evolve from monkeys , monkeys and humans share a common ancestor " .
That 's just avoiding the question , and frankly , I do n't agree with it .
I 'm going to assume that when you say " monkey , " you not only include those animals called monkeys that are alive today , but also animals that looked and behaved like monkeys that lived millions of years ago .
An animal that lived about 40 million years ago , known as Aegyptopithecus , is believed by scientists to be a direct ancestor of humans .
If I saw that animal swinging through the tree branches today , I 'd certainly call it a monkey .
I 'm going to go one step further and assume that you are using the term monkey even more colloquially , and include chimpanzees and gorillas under the general umbrella of monkeys .
Technically those are apes , but since they are non-human primates that are indeed decended from monkeys , let 's go ahead and let that one by .
So below , I 'm going to cover a scenario whereby humans might have evolved from apes , while leaving apes still existing .
Before I continue , though , let 's clear one thing up .
It is natural to think of humans as " more evolved " than other animals , but this is n't true in any scientific sense .
We are differently evolved , simply adapted to a different environment .
It so happens that our intelligence , and the culture and technology that it spawned , has turned out to allow us an unprecedented degree of success , and the ability to live in environments that our ancestors could n't .
But evolution did n't somehow anticipate this .
The point is , evolution is only " directed " in that it favors survival , it does not favor high intelligence or walking upright or use of tools , unless those features aid in the survival and passing on of genes to the next generation .
Other animals , for instance mosquitos , do n't seem to be suffering for lack of these human - like capabilities .
interfertile : two animals are interfertile if they would be able to produce an offspring , if they were allowed to mate or were artificially inseminated .
If they are both the same sex , they are interfertile if each could produce an offspring with the appropriate sex parent of the other .
See this essay for an elaboration on the concept of interfertility , and why I use the word rather than the ambiguous expression " the same species . "
Around 7 - 10 million years ago , there was a population of apes in the forests of Africa , all of which were interfertile with all the others .
These apes probably roughly resembled modern day gorillas , chimpanzees or bonobos ( " pygmy champanzees " ) , but were not identical to any of them .
Nor were they interfertile with any ape or human alive today .
The forests eventually reached the maximum capacity of these apes per square mile as it could support .
Like modern chimpanzees , it is likely that various bands of the apes fought with and killed members of adjacent bands , with winners taking over the territory from losers .
Even in the absense of fighting , there is a limit as to how many animals an environment can support , so the number of apes stabilized at this number .
Some of the apes lived near the edge of the forest , where the thick trees give way to the drier grasslands , or savanna .
There were still trees , but they were much less dense than in the forests .
While these apes were less adapted to this environment than they were to the forest , at least there was less competition from the other apes .
The apes who lived in this transitional area gradually adapted to the different environment .
Tree climbing ability and upper body strength was less important than ability to move about on the ground , and capabilities like carrying things long distances and throwing rocks at prey or predators were valuable .
The savannah - compatible attributes and skills increased in number and degree among the populations living in the transition area between forest and savannah .
Over hundreds of thousands of years , more and more of the apes spread out farther and farther into the savanna .
They continued to adapt to the savanna , becoming different in appearance and behaviour from those in the forests , much as coyotes differ from gray wolves today .
The apes that lived near the border of forest and savanna looked and behaved like a cross between those living deep in the forest or far into the savanna , much as red wolves look and behave like a cross between coyotes and gray wolves .
Like coyotes , gray wolves and red wolves , all of the apes -- whether living in the forest or the savannah -- were interfertile with all the others , as they were still fairly close relatives and therefore genetically similar .
A million or so years later , some of the apes were living over one thousand miles apart , and were separated by more than 10,000 generations -- 10,000th cousins , so to speak .
Some were so distantly related that they were no longer interfertile with one another .
Had they somehow been put together and tried to breed , they would not have produced offspring .
However , they remained interfertile with the apes closer to them .
Typically , those less than 6000 generations apart remained interfertile .
So they all were still " connected " by a chain of interfertile pairs .
While it might be impossible for two apes that were 10,000 generations apart to have children together , they could have still theoretically shared grandchildren or great - grandchildren , by mating with apes that were only 5000 generations apart , which in turn mated with ones 5000 generations apart .
Keep in mind , though , that in reality the degree of interfertility was rarely if ever tested : apes interbred only with apes that lived nearby , which were rarely separated by more than a dozen or so generations .
As time went on , the apes living in the forest became separated by more and more generations from the apes in the savanna .
No longer were any of the apes interfertile with all of the others , not even the ones living in the transition territories .
As populations ebbed and flowed , various bands moved about , took over territory of others , suffered from diseases and starvation and predation and changing climates -- eventually there became a day that the last " interfertility link " between the forest apes and savanna apes died .
This day came and went without fanfare , as interfertility is a hypothetical concept : it is unlikely that any of forest apes had even tried to breed with any of the savanna apes for thousands of years prior to the point it became theoretically impossible .
From this point on , the two lines were completely diverged .
There was no turning back , as it was now impossible for any of the forest apes to mix their genetic code with the savanna dwellers .
The apes living in the forest continued to thrive in the forest , and were the ancestors of modern chimpanzees and bonobos .
The apes in the savanna were our ancestors , and by this point , there is a good chance they looked a lot like primitive humans .
They were far more intelligent than the apes in the forest , since intelligence had an especially high value in the savanna .
Being able to accurately throw a rock , sharpen a stick to use as a weapon , make a fence or other structure to protect themselves from predators , and make use of animal furs were all extremely valuable skills here , and those that more readily acquired these skills tended to be the ones that produced the most surviving children .
One final point I 'll make to avoid upsetting the scientists : the more we learn about the path from ape to human , the more we know just how messy the process really was .
I described it as a fairly neat process , one group evenly and gradually splitting into two over the course of a couple million years or so .
In reality , there appear to have been numerous partial splits , and numerous different fluctuating populations with various degrees of interfertility ( and actual interbreeding ) between them .
Most splits led to eventual extinction , Neanderthal man being a well known ( and relatively recent ) example .
Certain chance events happened along the way , for instance there is evidence a jaw mutation that reduced biting power allowed the brain to grow bigger .
In the forest that mutation was a disadvantage , but in the savanna the additional cognitive power given by the larger brain outweighed the loss of bite strength .
It has n't even been conclusively proven that we are not still interfertile with chimpanzees : some people speculate that a hybrid may be possible , although personally I would bet against it .
All indications are that modern humans would be interfertile with Neanderthals .
Likewise , modern chimpanzees are interfertile with bonobos , although there is no interbreeding in the wild between the two species as they are separated by the immense Congo River .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States used waterboarding in terrorism interrogations but no longer does , a former U.S. spy chief said in the Bush administration ’s clearest confirmation of the technique ’s use .
Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte gestures as he speaks during a news conference in the Green Zone in Baghdad , December 2 , 2007 .
The United States used waterboarding in terrorism interrogations but no longer does , Negroponte said in the Bush administration 's most explicit confirmation of the technique 's use .
REUTERS / Ceerwan Aziz
U.S. officials have been reluctant to acknowledge the CIA ’s use of the simulated drowning technique , which human rights groups call an illegal form of torture .
The remarks by former Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte in an interview with National Journal magazine come as senators are expected on Wednesday to grill Attorney General Michael Mukasey on a promised review of the legality of interrogation methods .
Asked by the magazine if debate over U.S. counterterrorism techniques was hampering its effort in a “ war of ideas , ” Negroponte said , “ We ’ve taken steps to address the issue of interrogations , for instance , and waterboarding has not been used in years . ”
Negroponte served from 2005 to 2007 as the first director of national intelligence , a position created by President George W. Bush in the wake of the September 11 attacks .
Negroponte is now deputy secretary of state .
He spoke in an interview published in the National Journal ’s January 25 issue .
“ It ( waterboarding ) was n’t used when I was director of national intelligence , nor even a few years before that , ” he said .
“ I get concerned that we ’re too retrospective and tend to look in the rearview mirror too often at things that happened four or even six years ago . ”
Negroponte ’s remarks appear to confirm earlier reports that the CIA discontinued waterboarding in 2003 , after using it on three “ high - value ” detainees .
Vice President Dick Cheney once suggested waterboarding was “ an important tool ” used to interrogate September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
Bush has regularly insisted that the United States does not torture but has declined to discuss what interrogation techniques are used .
The CIA declined comment on Negroponte ’s remarks .
Mukasey , who took office in November , promised in his Senate confirmation hearings to review U.S. interrogation methods .
But he gave no sign in a meeting with reporters last week that he was ready to discuss the review at Wednesday ’s hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Mukasey said it would focus on the existing interrogation program and the validity of department legal opinions regarding it -- a hint that he might not review discontinued practices .
Mukasey made no mention of the review in his prepared testimony to the committee , released by the Justice Department on Monday .
Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat , took note of the omission and vowed in a statement to ask Mukasey “ whether he agrees that waterboarding is torture and illegal . ”
Mukasey was asked last week if he would answer senators ’ inevitable questions about the issue , and replied , “ I did n’t say that I would n’t answer it , I did n’t say that I would . ”
Mukasey on January 2 ordered the Justice Department to investigate the CIA ’s destruction of videotapes depicting the harsh interrogations of two terrorism suspects in 2002 .
At least one of the subjects , Abu Zubaydah , was believed to have been subjected to waterboarding .
Mukasey has rejected calls to appoint an independent counsel for the investigation .
He has indicated investigators would be free to pursue evidence of illegal interrogation techniques in their probe , but department officials have said the focus remains on the tapes ’ destruction .
Marlboro , Vt. , passed a similar measure at its town meeting today at which the vote to indict Bush and Cheney was 43 - 25 - 3 .
That 's 43 in favor and 3 abstaining .
Thus Marlboro beat Brattleboro to it by a few hours .
In Brattleboro , the indictment question was on the primary ballots for both parties .
Here 's a kit for other towns to use : http://afterdowningstreet.org/indictkit
Here is background on Brattleboro 's indictment ballot initiative , written prior to the vote :
When citizens and voters go to the town meeting and primaries in Brattleboro , Vermont , on Tuesday , there will be a question on the back of all ballots , and a circle to mark Yes and one to mark No :
" Shall the Selectboard instruct the Town Attorney to draft indictments against President Bush and Vice President Cheney for crimes against our Constitution and publish said indictments for consideration by other authorities , and shall it be the law of the Town of Brattleboro that the Brattleboro police , pursuant to the above mentioned indictments , arrest and detain George Bush and Richard Cheney in Brattleboro if they are not duly impeached , and prosecuted or extradite them to other authorities that may reasonably contend to prosecute them ? "
A public forum was held Sunday in Brattleboro to discuss the upcoming vote .
Kurt Daims , the Brattleboro citizen who drafted the measure , was there , along with leading New England activists for peace and justice , including U.S. Senate candidate from Maine Laurie Dobson who is seeking indictments of Bush and Cheney in Maine as well .
If this thing passes on Tuesday I know a lot of cops around the country who are going to be jealous of the Brattleboro police force .
I 'm thinking of all the police officers I 've seen arrest activists in Washington , D.C. , and elsewhere , but accept impeachment t- shirts from them and hide them under their hats .
Here is an opportunity for law - abiding and law - upholding working men and women to arrest the biggest criminals of our age , and the two men most responsible for the human and financial costs we and others have suffered these past seven years .
Who would n't want to be in on this ?
Now , I know what you 're thinking .
If we just wait one more year , only a couple of more hundred thousand Iraqis and some hundreds of US troops will die , we 'll only launch at most one more foreign war beyond the ones we 're running now , our actions might not provoke an attack in this country , we 'll still have several years left in which we can try to reverse global warming if we hurry , the millions of American families about to lose their homes to foreclosures will only have one winter to brave and it may be a warm one , and then a completely unreliable and probably fraudulent election will give us in 2009 a new president who - if we 're lucky - wo n't be that crazy old senator who wants to stay in Iraq for 10,000 more years , and if we 're really lucky future presidents will go ahead and obey laws even though they 're not required to anymore . . . so what are we getting all excited about ?
Right ?
Admit it , that 's what you 're thinking , is n't it ?
How could you not be when THE MOST IMPORTANT ELECTION IN HISTORY is forecast as imminent every day for two straight years every four years ?
Seriously , raise your hand if you do not know which presidential candidates are married , how many kids they each have , what their religions are , or if you could not rank them by age , height , or hair color .
Do you know what the most important election in history was ?
It was the one they decided not to hold between King George of England and his challenger .
If they had held that election , and the American colonists had devoted all of their energies for two straight years to reading pamphlets about who had the whiter wig , we never would have had a Declaration of Independence , and we never would have had a democracy .
Oh , well , but that was different .
Those colonists were n't fat and happy like we are , and that King George had committed crimes .
Had he ?
I think legally , it 's the other way around .
As Vermont impeachment activist Dan DeWalt has pointed out , it was the Declaration of Independence that had no force of law .
The current president and vice president , on the other hand , live and work in a society of laws under a Constitution , and their violations of the law and of the Constitution are firmly established .
In a December 31 , 2007 , editorial , the New York Times faulted Bush and Cheney for kidnapping innocent people , denying justice to prisoners , torturing , murdering , circumventing U.S. and international laws , spying in violation of the Fourth Amendment , and basing their actions on " imperial fantasies . "
Bush and Cheney 's lies about Iraqi ties to al Qaeda are on videotape and in writing , and they continue to make them to this day .
Their claims about Iraqi weapons have been shown in every detail to have been , not mistakes , but lies .
Their threats to and lies about Iran are on videotape .
Bush being warned about Katrina and claiming he was not are on videotape .
Bush lying about illegal spying and later confessing to it are on videotape .
Torture , openly advocated for by Bush and Cheney and their staffs , is documented by victims , witnesses , and public photographs .
Torture was always illegal and has been repeatedly re-criminalized under Bush and Cheney .
Bush has reversed those and other laws with signing statements .
Those statements are posted on the White House website , and a GAO report found that with a significant percentage of Bush 's signing statements in which he announces his right to break laws , he has in fact proceeded to break those laws .
Bush and Cheney have exposed an undercover agent as punishment of a whistleblower .
They 've commuted the sentence of a top assistant who obstructed an investigation that included themselves .
They 've hired and fired public prosecutors based on their willingness to abuse the law in support of a political party .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The UK’s Opinion Research Business has released another statistical study of Iraqi casualties since the launching of the American invasion , one that updates , revises , and essentially confirms their earlier estimate of a million - plus dead .
The price of “ liberation ” is indeed high , but was it worth it ?
The Iraqis have a simple answer : some 60 percent tell pollsters attacks on US and allied military personnel are justified .
So much for being greeted with garlands of flowers and hailed as “ liberators . ”
The Americans have a similar , if less emphatic answer : a recent poll asking if the invasion and subsequent occupation “ was or was not worth the number of U.S. military casualties and the financial cost of the war ” yields a resounding no , with 59 percent  up three points .
A million dead  and for what ?
So that the neoconservatives could stand astride Washington and the world , bellowing threats and beating their chests in the wake of 9/11 , braying that everything  everything  had changed , especially the basic rules of human decency .
Because it was “ doable , ” as Paul Wolfowitz put it .
Because our foreign policy is in large part built around the concept of making the Middle East safe for Israel .
And , most of all , because of the sheer hubris of those who thought themselves above the laws of God and man  who thought they were gods , and let loose American thunderbolts with reckless abandon , with deadly consequences .
The response to the last ORB data release was vehement : the US government , which does n’t even bother counting Iraqi dead and wounded , derided it , and the neoconservative pundits lit into it as “ propaganda ” and an exaggeration , whilst the more ambitious assailed the methodology of every attempt to measure the vast war crime that the killing fields of Iraq represent .
Yet the results of the ORB study have been expanded , to include estimates from rural as well as urban areas .
The major criticism of the previous study was that the emphasis on conducting interviews in urban areas skewed the results in the direction of an overestimation : the revised study meets this critique head on , covering all areas of the country except for Karbala and Al Anbar , for safety reasons , and also Irbil  for political reasons .
It seems Kurdish regional government officials were n’t eager for a full accounting of the war dead , for reasons best known to themselves : the interviewers were barred from conducting interviews in the area .
The impact of these omissions pushes their estimate downward , and yet the number is astonishing .
Think of it : a million plus dead .
A full 20 percent of all Iraqi households have endured a death in the family not of natural causes , the great majority of these being Sunnis .
In light of this horror , I could n’t help but think of John McCain ’s remarks the other night at the Republican debate , defending his stated contention that we could and probably should stay in Iraq for a hundred years :
“ We are going to be there for some period of time , but it ’s American casualties , not American presence .
We ’ve got troops right next door in Kuwait .
We ’ll probably have them there for a long time .
We have troops in Bosnia .
We ’ve had troops in South Korea for some 50 years .
By the way , President Eisenhower did n’t bail us out of Korea .
But the point is that we need to protect America ’s national security interest .
It ’s not a matter of presence .
It ’s a matter of casualties . ”
American , not Iraqi casualties : the latter do n’t even figure into McCain ’s moral calculus , such as it is .
As long as Americans are n’t dying in any great numbers , it ’s okay to drive us into bankruptcy , alienate the peoples of the world , and fuel the fires of anti-American terrorism .
Since our national security is so often invoked by McCain and his ilk to justify their policy of perpetual war , it needs to be emphasized that the tactics employed by suicide bombers and other terrorist acts have historically been responses to military occupation by a far superior force .
Yet McCain looks forward to extending our suzerainty over Iraq for a hundred years .
How many more Iraqis will die in the span of Iraq ’s American century ?
McCain is not so much of a maverick that he does n’t bother looking at the polls : he knows how many Americans think the war was n’t worth it , and he knows he can’t win unless he confronts this sentiment .
So he ’s going out there with his line about how “ it ’s a matter of casualties . ”
For all his self - promoted concept of himself as some sort of crusading idealist , in this instance at least his cold political calculation is that Americans just care about American dead , and screw the Iraqis .
Except it is n’t true .
Soldiers are coming home with terrifying tales of the war and the level of violence , which is not declining but visibly rising after a brief lull even as the neocon pundits sing paeans to the surge .
The American people are horrified by what Bush and his neocon brain trust have wrought in Iraq , and they are n’t going to be anything but repulsed by this kind of moral blindness , which only takes into account our own costs , both human and material .
Not that McCain , whose self - confessed difficulty with economic issues comes as a surprise to no one , cares much about the latter .
He grimaced and rolled his eyes during the debate , as Ron Paul laid out the economic consequences of the McCainiac hyper - interventionist foreign policy .
In answer to a question about whether we ’re better off now than we were eight years ago , the Texas troublemaker averred :
“ No , no , we ’re not better off .
We ’re worse off , but it ’s partially this administration ’s fault and it ’s the Congress .
But it also involves an economic system that we ’ve had for a long time and a monetary system that we ’ve had and a foreign policy that ’s coming to an end and we have to admit this .
We were elected in the year 2000 to have a humble foreign policy and not police the world , and yet what are we doing now ?
We ’re bogged down in another war .
We ’re bankrupting our country and we have an empire that we ’re trying to defend which costs us $ 1 trillion a year . ”
It ’s coming to an end , and we have to admit this , because the markets are roiling as the prospect of an American super - recession takes shape , and the central bank acts with unprecedented boldness to shore up the shaky foundations of an economy built around artificial bank credit expansion .
This , after all , is how states finance wars , and especially wars of choice ( i.e. wars of aggression ) such as Iraq : the invisible taxation of bank credit expansion , i.e. inflating the money supply .
Without the link to gold , or some other commodity or basket of commodities , governments are free to debase their own currencies , and thus destroy the very basis of commerce .
The three branches of the federal government are bound by the chains of the Constitution , and yet when gold was separated from the value of the currency the government was “ freed ” from its bounds , and unchained it went forth  to make war .
Financing wars , especially unpopular wars , is a tricky business : direct taxation is the least desirable option .
It might create undue awareness of the war ’s real costs .
Much better to exact the invisible tax of inflation , which eats into people ’s savings and takes its highest toll on those least able to afford it .
It ’s the most regressive tax of all , yet both political parties support it fulsomely .
They ’d rather sell the country ’s assets off to the Chinese than give up their bipartisan delusions of Washington as the Imperial City , the capital of a rising world empire .
Paul ’s dark warning that we have “ a foreign policy that ’s coming to an end and we have to admit this ” certainly rings true as the financial markets quiver on the edge of a massive meltdown .
Our empire is a bubble that ’s about to burst , along with the economic bubble the Federal Reserve lives in mortal fear of .
Whether this is punishment from on high , or simply economic “ blowback ” rebounding from our fiscal and foreign policies , is a matter of taste and disposition .
I ’ll leave it to the secularists and the faithful to argue it out , and simply note that we ’re about to pay the price of our deadly hubris .
Blowback from Banning Backpacks
A high school bans backpacks as a security measure .
This also includes purses , which inconveniences girls who need to carry menstrual supplies .
So now , girls who are carrying purses get asked by police : “ Are you on your period ? ”
The predictable uproar follows .
Maybe they should try transparent backpacks or bulletproof backpacks .
( If only someone would invent a transparent bulletproof backpack .
Then our children would finally be safe ! )
Posted on October 3 , 2007 at 12:55 PM • 60 Comments
Wayne Hale , NASA 's former shuttle program manager , is pictured during a 2005 briefing previewing the agency 's STS - 114 return to flight mission .
CAPE CANAVERAL - NASAshuffled shuttle program management Friday , sending its chief off to a newlycreated post and installing his deputy in the top spot .
Wayne Hale , who played apivotal role in NASA 's recovery from the 2003 Columbia accident , willlead a new office responsible for developing strategies for a smooth transitionbetween shuttle and International Space Station operations and moon missions .
NASA plans to finish thestation and retire its aging shuttle fleet in 2010 , a move that will triggersignificant job losses , including 2,500 to 3,500 at Kennedy Space Center , according to local government estimates .
A five - year hiatus in NASAhuman spaceflight is projected before the U.S. sends astronauts backto the moon by 2020 .
A talented engineer who isconsidered articulate and inspirational , Hale will focus on communicating NASAtransition strategies to agency and contractor workers and the public .
" His eloquencecertainly lends to his credibility , and he has the credentials to deal withtransition activities and convey them as a representative of the agency , " NASA spokesman Kyle Herring said .
His replacement is JohnShannon , a former flight director who has been serving as deputy shuttleprogram manager .
" John Shannon iscompletely ready to take the reins in NASA 's most critical program , " Halesaid in a statement .
" His leadership skills are well established , and theshuttle program will do well under his care . "
VIDEO : ESA 's New Science Laboratory
IMAGES : STS - 122 Launch Day
SPACE.com Video Interplayer : Europe 's Columbus Lab Sets Sail for ISS on STS - 122
Publishedunder license from FLORIDA TODAY .
Copyright : 2008 FLORIDA TODAY .
No portion ofthis material may be reproduced in any way without the written consent of FLORIDA TODAY .
Jessie Vigil 's black - and - white car sports a red-and - blue emergency bar across the top and the word " police " painted on the doors .
Vigil , however , is n't a cop .
Law enforcement agencies say what he 's done with his car is n't illegal as long as he does n't act like a police officer .
He started decorating his 2007 Ford Mustang last summer to look like the police cruiser in the " Transformers " movie because his 7 - year - old son , Thomas , was fond of the film .
" My intent was to re-create the movie car , " said Vigil , a 35 - year - old disabled veteran from the war in Iraq .
" When I came back from Iraq , I tried to spoil him .
I was n't the best dad before . "
He said he called the district attorney 's office beforehand and spoke to Chief Deputy District Attorney Joe Ulibarri , who tried to discourage his decorating scheme but could n't find anything in the law that would stop Vigil as long as he did n't impersonate an officer .
Ulibarri said a state law prevents people from mimicking state police cars , which are painted black and white .
But he also said the state police sell their old cars to private citizens without changing the colors .
" Are we violating our own law by not repainting them ? " he asked .
He called the state law vague , and noted that normal state police cars are n't Mustangs .
" I do n't think this guy has any intent to mimic a state police officer , " Ulibarri said .
" I 'm not hearing that he is causing a problem and arresting people . "
A close look shows Vigil 's car is n't a police cruiser .
Instead of the familiar slogan " To protect and serve , " it carries a motto : " To punish and enslave " on the side .
Instead of telling people to dial 911 for emergencies , the Mustang advises them to " dial 411 for theater information . "
He originally marked his car , " Transformers police " but later changed it to just " police . "
He also added what appears to be a bar of emergency lights , but said they 're not actual lights .
Vigil acknowledged people have mixed feelings about his car .
State police Capt .
Craig Martin said the agency is " concerned for the safety of people who think he is an officer and think they may get help from him .
" People around town know who he is , but not those people on the interstate . "
[ Via - WRAL ]
Judges overturn libel verdict over bad review given Irish pizzeria
Overdosed !
Requiem for a Departing Economic System
Are Smart People Drawn To The Arts Or Does Arts Training Make People Smarter ?
Them French Just Don't Know How To Make Money
10 Totally Stupid Online Business Ideas That Made Someone Rich
The video is upsetting : A man who appears to be a U.S. Marine in Iraq holds a puppy up to the camera , throws the yelping animal into a gully and shrugs .
Now a Monroe man is the target of rage and death threats after the video appeared on YouTube and started drawing worldwide attention Monday .
Comments left at YouTube claim he is the Marine in the video .
As more people watched the video throughout the day , some posted personal information about the Monroe man and encouraged others to commit acts of cyber - vigilantism against him .
The family ’s phone numbers had been disconnected as of Monday , and Snohomish County sheriff ’s deputies have been told of the existing threats .
While the sheriff ’s office has n’t yet received any reports of harassment , “ if the serviceman has family in our area being harassed , that is not something we would tolerate at all , ” spokeswoman Rebecca Hover said .
The Herald is not publishing the man ’s name because of the many questions surrounding the video .
No one can say yet whether the 17 - second video is a hoax or really shows a live puppy being killed .
It ’s unclear where the video was created and who actually shot the video or posted it on the Internet .
Meanwhile , the video is being investigated by the U.S. Marine Corps , Kaneohe Bay in Hawaii .
A Marine Corps spokeswoman in the Pentagon said they learned of the video on Monday morning .
In a statement , the Marines said the video is “ shocking and deplorable and is contrary to the high standards we expect of every Marine . ”
“ We do not tolerate this type of behavior and will take appropriate action , ” according to the statement .
The video is blurry and it ’s difficult to tell whether the puppy is a toy or real , alive or dead .
It dangles motionless as the man who appears to be a Marine holds it by the scruff of the neck and shows it to the camera .
The animal makes no sound .
“ Cute little puppy , huh ? ” the man says , smiling .
“ Aww so cute , so cute , little puppy , ” someone else says from off camera .
“ Uh , uh , uh , I tripped , ” the man says .
He then turns and throws something into the gully .
The object tumbles through the air end over end .
Yelping sounds are heard , but it ’s unclear where the sounds were coming from .
From off screen , someone says “ That ’s mean .
That ’s mean … ” and then uses the Monroe man ’s last name .
A profile for a man with that name on Bebo.com , a social networking site , said he was a Marine serving in Iraq , but was expecting to be transferred to Hawaii .
The site was taken down Monday afternoon .
A man with the same name was a junior at Monroe High School in 2003 and graduated from the Monroe School District ’s Leaders
In Learning alternative high school program in June of 2004 , according to district records .
A woman at the home listed for the Marine declined to talk .
“ Could you just leave ?
We already know why you ’re here , ” the woman said .
“ Just go .
There ’s nothing to say . ”
The video has stirred strong emotions , and people have flooded cyberspace with comments about the Marine .
It ’s not unusual that people chastise or denigrate others on the Internet , said Mike Andrew , vice president of training and forensic analyst for the CyberSecurity Institute in Monroe .
The institute trains state and federal law enforcement and military agencies as well as corporations on security over the Internet .
“ When cyber - vigilantism comes along , people slide under the radar and they release things , thinking that they are untraceable , ” Andrew said .
Law enforcement officials can track down and subpoena those who commit cyber- vigilantism or cyber - bullying , Andrew said .
The video has also raised questions among those who have watched it .
At The Herald ’s request , veterinarians at Washington State University ’s College of Veterinary Medicine agreed to review the video .
They cannot determine whether the puppy was real .
One did note that it appeared to leave the frame of the video for a second and the people in the video could have switched it with a fake dog .
“ If this is something legitimate , it ’s one of the most egregious acts of animal cruelty I have ever seen , if not the most , ” said Dr. Matt Mickas , chief of Community Practice Services at WSU ’s veterinary college .
He said it did not appear fake to him , because of the way the animal went slack by being held from the neck .
“ To me , the sound on the YouTube clip sounded like a puppy in distress — the same sound we hear when the puppies come into the hospital , ” Mickas said .
In their statement , the Marines acknowledged that the video could tarnish the image of America ’s servicemen and women : “ There have been numerous stories of Marines adopting pets and bringing them home from Iraq or helping to arrange life - saving medical care for Iraqi children .
“ Those are the stories that exemplify what we stand for and how most Marines behave . ”
Herald writers Eric Stevick and Jim Haley contributed to this report .
Reporter Yoshiaki Nohara : 425-339-3029 or ynohara@heraldnet.com
Two days before the Ohio election , Zogby had Obama ahead .
The day before the election , he had it as a dead heat .
SurveyUSA ’s final poll , released Monday : Hillary ahead by 10 points , 54 - 44 .
Hillary won Ohio 54 - 44 .
It ’s almost an exact replay of the California primary , where Zogby and SurveyUSA were at opposite ends of the spectrum and SurveyUSA nailed the exact final vote .
So .. hey , it ’s done .
Basically .
tinypy is a 64 k implementation of a subset of python .
It can bootstrap itself into a single executable that can compile python files to bytecode and run them on a VM .
Thanks to everyone who gave feedback thus far on this project .
Double thanks to allefant who listened to me blab about it endlessly on irc for the last month 🙂
I found all the stuff people told me about for parsing was a huge help .
This article http://javascript.crockford.com/tdop/tdop.html was what I ended basing it on .
It ’s almost like magic , but it makes for a really simple easy to follow parser .
The VM is based on stuff I read about the lua VM .
So what ’s next ?
I need to let it sit around for a week and then I ’ll do a “ release ” I guess .
I ’ve gotta pick a license or something for it ( probably MIT ?
I ’m open for suggestions . )
I ’m also mulling over possible names .
Maybe “ tinypy ” .. or “ wedge ” .. or “ cupcake ” .. or “ garter ” .
Hmmn .
Anyway – I ’m sure I ’ll be tweaking it a bit over time , but I ’m pretty happy to have it to this point now .
I probably wo n’t do much with it until I try making a game with it .
Right now it depends on libgc for garbage collection .
If someone clever out there can implement a garbage collector for it that works in like 2 - 4 k , that ’d be better .
My brain is pretty spent .
For the brave : svn://www.imitationpickles.org/tinypy/trunk or tinypy.zip .
The following is only tested under linux , but I bet it would work in any bash environment .
Maybe .
$ python boot .
py
Will run the 3 - phase testing + bootstrapping process .
It will first use python to generate the .tpc files for the compiler .
Second phase uses the VM to generate those same files .
Third phase uses the bootstrapped tinypy executable to “ re-bootstrap ” tinypy to get the final version .
The - nopos option strips out debug info from the .tpc files .
$ ./tinypy julia.py
Run the julia demo without dependence on * anything * but the tinypy executable .
$ ./tinypy your_own_code.py
Will do something !
Probably print out a pretty traceback about how you tried to use a python feature / module that tinypy does n’t support 🙂 “ batteries not included ”
In her most recent book , Getting a Grip : Creating Clarity and Courage in a World Gone Mad , Frances Moore Lappé offers an enlightening statistic .
A century ago , the native population of India outnumbered the British civil servants ruling them by a ratio of 300,000 to one .
It was n’t until Gandhi awakened the people of India from the trance of powerlessness that they were able to organize and become an independent state .
We Americans are in a trance of powerlessness as well , but it is even more insidious .
Here we have the right to vote , the right to speak out , the right to petition -- and we even have a founding document that tells us that we have the right to overrule our rulers when they go astray -- yet we the people seem to have silently resigned ourselves to being ruled by “ they the very , very few people . ”
Our job ?
Shut up and go shopping .
Each election cycle , those of us who still care enough to get involved fervently work for whichever lesser evil most closely approximates our “ tribal ” affiliation .
“ Red ” tribe polarizes against “ blue , ” “ blue ” against “ red ” and Americans on both sides are continually reminded why they are supposed to dislike and mistrust one another .
Consequently , we have been so divided by our differences that we have failed to defend the core values that unite 95 % of us .
All of this is starting to change , and perhaps the most surprising manifestation of this change is the Ron Paul for President campaign .
Who would have imagined six months ago that right there in every Republican Presidential debate there would be a candidate speaking so much truth that he would embarrass the others by winning the straw polls conducted at the end of each debate ?
This past weekend , I participated in a workshop with Howard Martin of the HeartMath Institute .
He offered a simple process to calm the heart so we think more clearly .
Next time you find yourself feeling despondent , discouraged , or disheartened about the news you are seeing , take a break and try this .
Calmly focus your attention on your heart , and begin to breathe into and out of the heart .
Then bring thoughts of love , gratitude and appreciation into your heart .
This has a tendency to synchronize heart and brain , and shift us from our reactive hind - brain and put us into our creative forebrain .
Remember that an important quality of the awakened heart is courage .
The way we bring forth the courageous leaders is through our own .
Build it and they will come !
2. Expand the Nonvoter Vote .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Quake Live is an in - browser , multi-player version of Quake III , supported by ads .
" … QUAKE LIVE offers game players of all skill levels a totally free and easily accessible multiplayer gaming experience and community through a single website at quakelive.com .
" Every element of the experience , including friends lists and communication , sponsored events and tournaments , matchmaking , stats tracking , and even the game itself is accessed and delivered free of charge through the web browser . "
NASA / JPL / Malin Space Science Systems
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) Context Camera ( CTX ) has been acquiring 6 meters ( 19.7 feet ) per pixel images of Mars since October 2006 .
To date , more than 20 % of Mars has been covered at this scale , and at least 1 % more is added each month .
This picture of a crater resembling a “ happy face ” was acquired earlier this week on 28 January 2008 .
The unnamed crater is about 3 kilometers ( 1.9 miles ) across .
It is located among the Nereidum Montes , north of the Argyre basin , near 45.1 °S , 55.0 °W .
North is toward the right and sunlight illuminates the scene from the upper right .
This is a sub -frame of CTX image P15_007060_1371_XN_42S055W_080128 .
CTX data are archived with the NASA Planetary Data System every 3 months : http://pds-imaging.jpl.nasa.gov/
.
Citation and Credit
The image(s ) and caption are value - added products .
MSSS personnel processed the images and wrote the caption information .
While the image(s ) are in the Public Domain , NASA / JPL / MSSS requests that you credit the source of the image (s ) .
Re-use of the caption text without credit is plagiarism .
Please give the proper credit for use of the image (s ) and / or caption .
Image Credit :
NASA / JPL / Malin Space Science Systems
—or —
NASA / JPL / MSSS
To cite the image(s ) and caption information in a paper or report :
Malin , M. C. , J. A. Lougen , D. E. Shean , and K. S. Edgett ( 2008 ) , Have a Happy Mars , Malin Space Science Systems Captioned Image Release , MSSS - 14 , http://www.msss.com/msss_images/2008/01/31/.
Malin Space Science Systems ( MSSS ) built and operates the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) Mars Color Imager ( MARCI ) and Context Camera ( CTX ) .
MSSS also built and operated the Mars Global Surveyor ( MGS ) Mars Orbiter Camera ( MOC ) .
In addition , MSSS built the Mars Odyssey ( ODY ) Thermal Emission Imaging Spectrometer ( THEMIS ) Visible ( VIS ) camera subsystem , which shares optics with the thermal infrared instrument and is operated at Arizona State University ( ASU ) .
MSSS built the Mars Descent Imager ( MARDI ) for the Phoenix Mars Scout lander and in 2008 is designing a camera for the 2011 Juno Mission to Jupiter and is completing camera systems for the 2009 Mars Science Laboratory ( MSL ) rover mission and the 2008 Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) .
[ digg - reddit - me ] Jonah Goldberg at the National Review believes that the debate over American torture is “ stinks of political opportunism . ”
He apparently missed the point made by Morris David , the chief prosecutor for the military commissions in Guantanamo this weekend in the Times .
And he apparently does n’t care to take into account the fact that torture often produces false evidence .
But he does have this to say :
I do n’t like waterboarding , and I hope we never use it again .
I have respect for those who believe it should be banned in all circumstances .
But I do not weep that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed spent somewhere between .03 and .06 seconds feeling like he was drowning for every person he allegedly helped murder on 9/11 .
Then again , I think it would be horrific if we used that logic to justify waterboarding .
It ’s not a technique that should be used for punishment .
Nor do I think that evidence obtained from forced confessions should be used in trial .
Those are paving stones on the road to a torture state .
Reading this , I guess that Mr. Goldberg and me have more in common than meets the eye .
But what Mr. Goldberg does n’t acknowledge here is that whether or not “ coerced interrogations ” will be used as evidence is still an open question in the upcoming trials of the “ Guantanamo Six ” .
More important , he does n’t deal with the executive acceptances of torture – from redefining it to mean only “ pain equivalent to death or major organ failure ” as John Yoo did while advising President Bush , to the many less dramatic instances where evidence of torture was “ lost ” or destroyed , as lower level employees were blamed for following vague directives to “ take off the gloves ” .
I think many sympathize with Mr. Goldberg ’s formulation – of not caring for torture , but not caring about the fates of these mass murderers .
What Mr. Goldberg does n’t seem to get is that he is not just apathetic about the torture of men who likely deserve it – he is also giving the President of the United States , an individual in a position of extreme power , a license to break the law when subservience to the law is the only thing that separates a President from a King .
If the President believes he or she must break the law in order to save lives , and judges that breaking the law is the only course available – then he or she should do so .
But upon breaking the law , they must then submit to it .
For if an individual is able to break the law with impunity , the entire system breaks down .
Like Loading ...
In case there was any doubt that the religious right ’s power is on the wane , the evidence was quite clear last night in South Florida .
Several evangelical groups co-hosted what they labeled the “ Values Voter Debate , ” featuring theocratic right - wing luminaries like Phyllis Schlafly , Roy Moore , Paul Weyrich , Don Wildmon , Rick Scarborough , and Janet Folger .
The event was “ moderated ” by Joseph Farah , the unhinged activist who founded WorldNetDaily .
Shortly after the event was announced , the debate organizers said seven of the nine GOP candidates would participate .
Shortly thereafter , sponsors lowered expectations , saying only that a “ majority ” would participate .
By the time candidates took the stage last night , the entire Republican top- tier — Rudolph Giuliani , Fred Thompson , Mitt Romney , and John McCain — was a no - show .
Little more than asterisks in the public opinion polls , the lesser - known candidates for president tried Monday to appeal to the most conservative elements of the Republican Party in an attempt to break into top - tier status .
Hot - button social issues , especially related to abortion and homosexuality , were the most frequent questions posed to seven candidates for their party ’s presidential nomination at the Values Voter debate at the Broward Center for the Performing Arts .
To get to seven , organizers had to include Alan Keyes and John Cox .
Worse , debate organizers said they had a waiting list with people anxious to attend the event , but they were probably bearing false witness -- about a third of the 2,700 seats at the Broward Center for Performing Arts were empty .
Do n’t go away mad , religious right ; just go away .
Nobody reads books these days .
After all , what 's the point ?
There 's no way some novel could ever kick as much ass as , say , watching Sylvester Stallone punch a guy 's head off his shoulders .
Or , could it ?
Believe it or not , a lot of the most kick - ass movies were adapted from kick - ass books .
No , we 're not just talking Lord of the Rings here .
We 're talking about ...
Advertisement
The Rambo Movies Continue Reading Below Advertisement The Film :
First Blood is a somber reflection of the hardships that faced Vietnam War veterans upon their return to their native country , in which the protagonist blows up a helicopter with a freaking rock .
The Book :
No really .
There were Rambo books .
Seriously .
No , they were n't composed entirely of onomatopoeias meant to represent the sound of explosions .
First Blood was written by author David Morrell , who wrote a lot of books that had pictures of knives on the cover .
In the book , Rambo is not the good guy , as he basically flips out and kills a whole town because the Vietnam War drove him insane .
Also , the book 's ending is depressing , as Rambo stops his totally awesome rampage to be shot in the face .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That 's right ; Rambo dies at the end .
Hollywood decided to change that , too , paving the way for three sequels .
Even stranger , Morrell wrote a sequel to the book to coincide with the film , which somehow portrays Rambo as still alive , without so much as an opening chapter where a necromancer summons him from Valhalla .
For the book version of Rambo : First Blood Part II
The writer had to share a co-author credit with James Cameron and Sly Stallone ( who helped dream up the story for the sequel ) which is kind of sad , or not , depending on how much he got paid .
The Thing Continue Reading Below Advertisement The Film :
Yes , The Thing .
The one where the guy 's torso grows teeth and bites another guy 's arms off .
The Book :
It was actually a novella ( that 's where the writer did n't feel like writing a whole novel and just wrote part of one ) called Who Goes There ?
and it was written way back in 1938 by John W. Campbell ( the whole thing is online here ) .
Yes , it even has that scene where they 're poking at the blood and it comes to life and goes flying out of the dish and we poop our pants .
It 's considered one of the best science fiction novellas ever written , and you can thank the writer for all those elements of paranoia and tension that made the film great .
On the other hand , the movie has that scene where a guy 's head turns into a crawling spider monster and you probably need to see that one to get the full effect .
Also , Kurt Russell .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Gah !
Did that seriously just happen ?
We 'll admit it , those sorta fake - looking puppets freaked us out .
If you ask us , Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth would be much more effective if he just screened this movie and followed it up by saying , " See that ?
It lives in the Arctic .
If you keep driving your SUV , that thing is going to thaw .
And , it 's going to be pissed . "
Of course , the Nobel Prize Committee probably would n't go for that .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Not sure how to subscribe to a RSS feed ?
Read Subscribing to blogs the easy way .
You can also subscribe via email by signing up here .
Thanks for visiting !
I read Bryce Harrington ’s
The paradox of FOSS projects supporting Windows with some interest .
If you ’re a Linux enthusiast it should scare you .
Bryce makes the very good point that the ratio between contributors and users on Linux is substantially higher than for Windows users .
The contributor ratio is crucial to the success of an open source project .
If the ratio is too low , then users will have difficulty getting support and fixes .
Not only that , but a downward spiral may kick in because existing contributors may become disillusioned and leave , meaning the ratio deteriorates further .
Windows users have been well trained not to contribute .
Windows software creators get over this problem by charging for their software .
The software companies then hire extra software developers to provide support .
The problem for open source projects is that the same model wo n’t work for them because they do n’t charge anything .
Consequently , the project is n’t in a position to hire extra software developers and support staff to cover the shortfall in volunteer contributors .
The type of project will likely dictate how bad the problem becomes .
For large complex projects , like network management systems for example , the project will be able to charge for support and training .
Revenues from which can then be used to provide additional support personnel .
Less complex projects may not be in a position to offer support and training services because the project may not justify them .
A large migration from Windows to Linux would imply that the following sequence of things will happen :
The contributor to user ratio goes down substantially ;
Both the new adopters from Windows and existing Linux users will become increasingly disgruntled with the reduction in the quality of support ; and The existing contributors will be overwhelmed and may either curtail their efforts or completely terminate their involvement ;
All users will become increasingly unhappy with the deteriorating support they receive from the project with consequent effects to the projects viability and vitality .
What does this mean for Linux and Linux based projects ?
Either the free ( as in beer ) model has to change for some projects or migrating Windows users will have to be educated in order that the contributor / user ration remains sustainable .
I am a little sceptical that the vast bulk of Windows users will ever make good open source contributors .
The people most willing and best able to contribute are already , by a mechanism of self selection , contributing to open source .
The remnants either do n’t care or ca n’t be bothered to contribute .
Hardly fertile ground for a message of help yourself , help other people .
Will Linux ’s eventual breakthrough on the desktop actually have the effect of killing the universal “ free ” open source model ?
U.S. Presidential Candidates compared to Canadian political parties
Since Howard Dean , the new Chairman of the Democratic Party , spoke at Canada ’s Liberal Pary leadership convention last year , I think most people commonly make the false comparison that :
U.S. Democratic Party = Canadian Liberal Party
U.S. Republican Party = Canadian Conservative Party
This causes lots of problems and misconceptions amongst both Canadians and Americans , but especially amongst Canadians .
Canadians tend to root for the U.S. Democratic
Party because they feel they ’re similar to our ‘ natural governing party ’ ( present circumstances excepted ) , the Liberals .
But , as I , and many others have attempted to point out , this is very far from the truth of the matter .
I recently decided to have some fun with politicalcompass.org ‘s placement of political parties and personalities in Canada and the U.S. .
The site lists both Canada ’s political parties and the contenders for the 2008 U.S. Presidential on a standard , two - axis grid with the left / right x axis representing economic matters and the up / down y axis representing social matters ( with the top being the most conservative and state - interventionist and the bottom being the most libertarian ) .
While the site does n’t list Canada ’s political parties on the same grid as the 2008 U.S. Presidential candidates , I was able to superimpose them over each other , scale them to match , and then transcribe them onto this grid to demonstrate that the Democrats are NOT anywhere near the same as the Liberals and the Republicans are NOT anywhere near the same as the Conservatives .
As you can see , and as we socialists have been saying for as long as I can remember , the American system is brilliantly devised to always provide an extremely narrow range of opinions which are acceptable for serious candidates to have — more so even than in Canada .
Ignoring the two fringe candidates for the Democratic party who do n’t have the backing of enough capitalists to make even a moderately serious run , the allowable opinion divergence covers roughly 28 cells , or , if you like , only 1.1 % of the entire available political spectrum .
The Republicans , on the other hand , are much more open than the Democrats at accepting divergent political opinions .
Their spread ( again excluding the one fringe candidate who has yet to poll above the margin of error of having any support at all for more than one consecutive poll ) , covers an area of 33 cells — or only 1.3 % of the entire political spectrum .
So we know that American ’s have a cumulative choice of only an extremely narrow range of policy options with more than 95 % of possible policy opinions in the U.S. being excluded from the mainstream which their capitalistic system permits .
But even the narrow ranges permissible in America do not line up as people commonly think they do : Liberal = Democrat , Conservative = Republican .
Except for John Edwards , every one of the Democratic Party ’s candidates would be Conservatives if they were in Canada — and some of them , such as Bill Richardson , would even be considerably to the right of the Conservatives .
Conversely , the man portrayed as ‘ ultra - extreme ’ left in the States — Kucinich — would actually be a pretty boring , run -of - the - mill NDP backbencher in Canada .
He would probably closely approximate a Pat Martin or so .
Which , as you can see , in the grand scheme of things , is merely centre - left .
So , should Canadians be rooting for a Democratic victory in ’08 as we always do ?
Obama ?
Clinton ?
Edwards ?
I ’d say no .
I ’d say that more than anything , Canadians — and our American comrades too for that matter — should , in my opinion , be hoping that the Americans ’ perverse political and electoral system collapses under its own weight .
Only once Americans have a complete ‘ reboot ’ of their political system , will they be able to enjoy even a modicum degree of control ….
or at least a modicum of control over what brand of capitalist overlords they want to have .
A Democrat in the White House simply wo n’t cut it .
— — — — — ——
See also :
06/28/2007
The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) has turned thumbs down on net neutrality .
In a report on broadband availability and connectivity , the FTC found little reason to protect consumers and content providers from attempts by large telecommunications providers to charge more for faster delivery .
" In the absence of significant market failure or demonstrated consumer harm , policy makers should be particularly hesitant to enact new regulation in this area , " FTC Chair Deborah Platt Majoras wrote .
Majoras asserted that broadband Internet access was " moving toward more not less competition . "
( Complete statement - pdf file )
The primary reason for caution is simply that we do not know what the net effects of potential conduct by broadband providers will be on all consumers , including , among other things , the prices that consumers may pay for Internet access , the quality of Internet access and other services that will be offered , and the choices of content and applications that may be available to consumers in the marketplace , Majoras said .
Majoras ' position largely echoed statements she made in 2006 while addressing the Progress & Freedom Foundation , a conservative - oriented think tank .
" Broad regulatory mandates that employ a ' one size fits all ' philosophy , without regard to specific facts , always have unintended consequences , some of which may be harmful and some of which may not be known until far into the future , " she said at the time .
FTC Commissioner Jon Leibowitz issued a separate concurring statement ( Complete statement - pdf file ) that supported the FTC 's position with regards to consumer protection , but said that reactive antitrust actions might not work as well to protect consumers as enacting net neutrality into law .
" The report also soberly reminds us that regulation often has unintended side - effects ...
But it seems to me equally clear that this report shows that doing nothing may have its costs as well , " Leibowitz wrote .
Differing Opinions
The 170 - page report , compiled by FTC staff from several different divisions , sought to provide a general history of the net neutrality debate as well as offer frameworks for discussing the state of broadband development in America .
However , many of its conclusions were already in dispute prior to the report 's publication .
The FTC supported statistics provided by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which claimed that broadband Internet service via DSL was available to 79 percent of households with phone services , and 93 percent of households who subscribed to cable television also had access to the Internet via cable modem .
That drew fire from members of the " Save The Internet " coalition , a group of organizations devoted to protecting the net neutrality principle .
S. Derek Turner , research director of Free Press , criticized the agency for " not including empirical research on competition in the local broadband market . "
" They simply take the incumbents at their word that the U.S. broadband marketplace is competitive -- even though most U.S. consumers have at best two choices for broadband at home , " he said .
The FCC 's statistical measurements of broadband connectivity in America have been heavily criticized for relying on ZIP codes of subscribers to indicate penetration , rather than actual infrastructure development .
A report issued by the Government Accountability Office in May 2006 found that relying on Zip codes as indicators of access would overinflate the results and underestimate residents of an area who did not have broadband access .
The Communications Workers of America ( CWA ) released a report of their own on June 26 detailing that U.S. households that do have broadband Internet access lag far behind users in other countries in terms of connectivity speed .
A study of 80,000 broadband users found that median download speed in the U.S. is 1.9 megabits per second ( Mbps ) , compared to 61 Mbps in Japan , 45 Mbps in Korea , 21 Mbps in Finland , 18 Mbps in Sweden and 7.6 Mbps in Canada .
The FTC report addressed the issue of faster broadband speeds in other countries , pointing to nationalized broadband policy and higher urban density of countries like Korea and Japan as reasons for higher levels of adoption , and claiming that the United States should not closely model its own efforts after other countries .
" For the United States , its larger geographic size and relatively dispersed population make it difficult to compare broadband experiences directly with many of the smaller and more densely populated countries that are sometimes cited as global Internet leaders , " the report advised .
No Neutrality In Broadband Battle
Although the FTC 's report concluded by agreeing that consumers prefer an open Internet , that enforcement of existing laws should be prioritized , and that the government needs to do more to promote broadband access to underserved markets , the agency shied away from taking a proactive stance to ensure that all content can be accessed equally , a prime tenet of net neutrality .
" Policy makers should be wary of enacting regulation solely to prevent prospective harm to consumer welfare , particularly given the indeterminate effects on such welfare of potential conduct by broadband providers and the law enforcement structures that already exist , " the agency said in its conclusion .
The FTC 's wait - and - see approach symbolizes the increasingly politicized battle over net neutrality , pitting telecom and cable heavyweights and their Washington allies against tech titans such as Google and Microsoft , and the grassroots coalition of advocacy and consumer groups .
AT&T , which had previously announced political opposition to net neutrality , agreed to temporarily abide by the principle for its network as a condition of its mega- merger with BellSouth in 2006 .
And the FCC was pushed to open up new investigations into the lack of broadband availability and support of net neutrality after criticism from Congress , the media , and various interest groups on both sides of the issue .
But the issue remains contentious .
A few days ago , John Kneuer , assistant Commerce Secretary in charge of communications and information for the Bush Administration , got into a shouting match with technology experts at a conference in San Francisco .
I firmly believe market forces are going to provide even more open networks and access much , much , much better than I can do as a regulator , he said , and criticized members of the audience for claiming they wanted the government to set mandates and rules for the Internet in the U.S .
When members of the audience disputed Kneuer 's contention , he yelled back " That 's exactly what you are asking for ! "
Do we really need to consider turning everything upside down by considering the existence of a human ancestor for the apes ?
This suggestion definitely has the quality of blasphemy against religious doctrine .
It just feels wrong and goes against our deeply held beliefs and understanding of the world .
However , this is exactly where the evidence leads .
Overall , I do n’t expect that the entire anthropology community will suddenly abandon everything that has been taught for decades .
However , my point is the following :
We see the spine anatomy of a hindlimb supported upright ape in Morotopithecus , Pierolapithecus , Oreopithecus .
The data is compelling and extensive – and I have detailed it in technical raw data form in my book : Axial Character Seriation in Mammals , which republishes my Harvard PhD Thesis .
The underlying patterns are extracted and synthesized in my recent PLoS ONE paper “ Homeotic Evolution of the Mammals , Diversification of Therian Axial Seriation and a Morphogenetic Basis for Human Origins ” and in my Neurosurgical Focus article .
The context in evolutionary theory is explained in my recent book “ The Upright Ape : A New Origin of the Species ” which has a foreword by David Pilbeam – currently Dean of Harvard College and certainly one the most knowledgeable and experienced paleoanthropologists in the world .
We have evidence of an upright hindlimb supported Orrorin based on the femur and Sahelanthropus based on the skull .
There is no convincing fossil evidence at all of a non-bipdeal hominoid outside of the proconsulid group .
We have an early outgroup whose infants have innate bipedal walking ( see the video Hominiform Progression ) .
The Siamang video is interesting because of the innate bipedalism .
As I point out in the video , John Fleagle has seen young siamangs of this age walk bipedally high in the canopy in Malaysia .
It is typical to say that all of this is irrelevant and misleading and should be ignored .
There was a quadrupedal common ancestor for chimps and humans and the human lineage suddenly and majestically stood up about 5 - 6 million years ago .
However , I feel that there is no a priori reason why we must ignore all of the evidence for early bipedalism .
None of the skeletal evidence can ultimately distinguish between “ short bursts ” and long distance bipedalism as Kambiz points out in his post .
My focus is on the character state and whether the crucial anatomical basis is a shared derived feature of a hominiform clade .
It can certainly be said that the siamangs only engage in bipedalism for short bursts , but that is also true of their brachiation .
Similarly , the chimps and gorillas knuckle walk and the orangutans fist walk only in short bursts .
However , the important point is that chimps , gorillas and orangutans seem to locomote in diagonal posture more than 90 % of the time and only occasionally deploy a short burst of bipedal walking .
I would argue that they have very bad spinal architecture for bipedal walking .
On the other hand , hylobatids use bipedalism 100 % of the time when they locomote on the ground no matter how long the burst of activity .
If a hylobatid has to travel a long distance on the ground – it does not lapse into a quadurpedal gait – it just keeps walking bipedally .
There is an important difference in the role of bipedalism as deployed by hylobatids and hominines as opposed to what we see in chimps , gorillas and orangutans .
This would be a morphogenetic origin for upright bipedal walking rather than an adaptive origin .
Essentially , the origin of upright posture was not driven by any ecological scenario , but rather occurred suddenly as a result of a morphogenetic mutation in the Pax genes .
Various descendant forms will have lived in various environments with variously optimized versions of primary upright bipedalism on large horizontal arboreal supports and on the ground .
It is certainly easier to assert that Morotopithecus was upright and hindlimb supported – based on spinal anatomy – than to prove it was primarily bipedal or a long distance walker .
However , this is where the video showing the baby siamang learning to walk bipedally is relevant .
Yes , you could argue that innate bipedalism evolved independently in parallel in hylobatids and hominines , but is also reasonable to consider that since this is so unusual , that it reflects descent from a common ancestor that had this feature .
Essentially – an eight month old Morotopithecus baby would do the same thing that we see in the two descendant groups ( hominines and hylobatids ) – the baby would innately begin to walk bipedally as it ’s primary locomotor pattern .
So – if the chimp - human split did take place 6 million years ago ( as the molecular data suggests ) , then what do we do with Sahelanthropus which many believe was a full time upright biped but which lived 7 million years ago ?
If you want a slow gradual evolution of bipedalism , you need to push the chimp human split back to say 8 million years .
However , there is an alternative explanation .
Upright bipedalism was already the primary means of locomotion in the common ancestor of chimps and humans – Sahelanthropus is ancestral to both lines .
What defines a “ human ? ” I have taken the position that it is a body plan ( bauplan ) .
Most of us have accepted that early Australopithecines whose brains and skulls were chimp - like , should be considered human and not ape .
When you find a fossil such as Sahelanthropus that has a “ chimp - like ” skull from the point of view of its face and brain , but has the skull base of a human ( and presumably upright bipedal post - cranial anatomy ) – how can you tell from the fossil if it ’s an ape or a human ?
The Hennigian cladistic approach lets us say that the isolation point between the chimp and human lineages – where hybridization became impossible – is the origin point of humans .
However this means that the definition is arbitrary since ape and human would pretty much look identical at that time .
Another alternative is to stick with our current definition – a hominoid whose anatomy reveals that it is primarily an upright biped is a human .
I have proposed the term “ hominiform ” to refer to a clade of hominoids that share the Morotopithecus spinal transformation ( septo- neural transposition – in which the dorso - ventral plane of the body flips from ventral to the spinal canal to a new position dorsal to the spinal canal ) and the styloid process is converted into a neomorphic hominiform lumbar transverse process .
The synapomorphies would include innate bipedal walking in the infants .
Among hominiforms we have primitive “ eubipedal ” types ( most Miocene and Pliocene fossil hominiforms , the hylobatids and the hominines ) and derived “ metabipedal ” types ( lineages of chimps , gorillas and orangutans ) that have abandoned bipedalism as their primary locomotor pattern on the ground .
Sahelanthropus appears to be a human species that is representative of species in the line of ancestry to both the chimpanzees and hominines .
Aaron Filler , MD , PhD
Paradzayi Zimondi says he will only salute Robert Mugabe
Retired Major - General Paradzayi Zimondi - one of the most senior defence officials in Zimbabwe - said he would resign if the opposition won .
He said he would retire to protect his farm from the opposition who , he said , were planning to reverse land reforms .
Mr Mugabe 's main challengers are Morgan Tsvangirai and Simba Makoni .
Mr Zimondi told guests at a ceremony to promote 14 senior officers that voting for either of them was tantamount to supporting former colonial power , Britain .
I am giving you an order to vote for the president
Paradzayi Zimondi
" Do not be distracted , " the state - owned Herald newspaper quoted him as saying .
" The challenges we are currently facing are just a passing phase . "
The country is suffering an economic crisis , with annual inflation of 100,000 % and unemployment at 80 % .
There are also severe food and fuel shortages .
The president , who has been in power since Zimbabwe gained independence from Britain in 1980 , blames a British plot for much of the country 's failings .
War threat
Mr Zimondi said Mr Makoni , a former finance minister , and opposition leader Mr Tsvangirai , of the Movement for Democratic Change , would give land back to " former colonial masters " if they won the elections .
Zimbabweans are entitled to one person , one farm
Simba Makoni
He said this would provoke war .
" I will be the first one to resign from my job and go back to defend my piece of land .
I will not let it go , " he said .
" No empowerment is more than the land we got .
If you let the country go , God will not help you anymore ; and when you die , you will go to hell for failing to defend your land against your enemies . "
But Mr Makoni told the BBC he would not repossess farms given to Mugabe supporters , unless they had acquired the land improperly .
He said it was an important issue and more essential now than 10 years ago , before Mr Mugabe 's land seizures began .
One person , one farm
He said land reform in the past was n't about taking farms from white farmers , it was about taking land from people who owned more than the majority , and that would continue .
Mr Makoni said Zimbabwe 's land reform policy was that " land shall be acquired and redistributed equitably , fairly and transparently " .
" Zimbabweans are entitled to one person , one farm , " he said .
Critics say Mr Mugabe 's land reform has been marred by corruption , with top officials gaining more than one farm , contravening official policy .
Both Mr Mugabe and Mr Tsvangirai have urged their supporters to refrain from violence ahead of the 29 March presidential and parliamentary votes .
The Terror Presidency : Law and Judgment Inside the Bush Administration by Jack Goldsmith Norton , 256 pp. , $ 25.95
Perhaps the most powerful lawyer in the Bush administration is also the most reclusive .
David Addington , who was Vice President Dick Cheney ’s counsel from 2001 to 2005 , and since then his chief of staff , does not talk to the press .
His voice , however , has been enormously influential behind closed doors , where , with Cheney ’s backing , he has helped shape the administration ’s strategy in the war on terror , and in particular its aggressively expansive conception of executive power .
Sometimes called “ Cheney ’s Cheney , ” Addington has twenty years of experience in national security matters — he has been a lawyer for the CIA , the secretary of defense , and two congressional committees concerned with intelligence and foreign affairs .
He is a prodigious worker , and by all accounts a brilliant inside political player .
Richard Shiffrin , deputy general counsel for intelligence at the Defense Department until 2003 , called him “ an unopposable force . ”
1
Yet most of the American public has never heard him speak .
Addington ’s combination of public silence and private power makes him an apt symbol for the Bush administration ’s general approach to national security .
Many of the administration ’s most controversial policies have been adopted in secret , under Addington ’s direction , often without much input from other parts of the executive branch , much less other branches of government , and without public accountability .
Among the measures we know about are disappearances of detainees into secret CIA prisons , the use of torture to gather evidence , rendition of suspects to countries known for torture , and warrantless wiretapping of Americans .
When the public learns of such practices , usually because someone — presumably not David Addington — has leaked information about them to the press , the administration continues to invoke secrecy to block efforts to hold it to account .
After The New York Times revealed that President Bush had authorized the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to monitor Americans ’ phone calls without judicial approval , in violation of a criminal statute , the administration labeled the program a “ state secret ” and argued that lawsuits challenging its legality must be dismissed in deference to executive claims of confidentiality .
2
On the same grounds , the Supreme Court in October declined without comment to hear a lawsuit challenging the administration ’s abduction of an innocent German citizen who was taken to Afghanistan to be tortured , and then dumped on a remote Albanian roadside when US officials realized they had kidnapped the wrong man .
The administration argued that the litigation would reveal classified information , and the Supreme Court was unwilling even to consider whether it is consistent with our democratic system to elevate secrecy over all other constitutional and human rights values — including the right not to be tortured .
Because of this secrecy , what little the public knows about Addington and the policies he has advocated necessarily comes from others .
No one has provided more credible detail on that subject than Jack Goldsmith , himself a former Bush administration insider , now a Harvard law professor , who has written The Terror Presidency : Law and Judgment Inside the Bush Administration , a captivating memoir of his brief time as head …
By CAPT .
JAN HAMILTON
Last updated at 13:15 21 October 2007
He was an elite soldier in the Paras and had served in every major conflict for the last 20 years - but Capt Ian Hamilton could not go on living as a man .
Twelve months on and after painful surgery , the new Capt Hamilton tells HER extraordinary story ...
It 's the Airborne creed - " 1000 , 2000 , 3000 , check canopy ! " - the litany that Paratroopers shout as they hurl themselves into the void , hoping and praying for the crack of the canopy as their parachute opens to bring them to Earth .
This time , as the chant left my lips , I was n't jumping into a war zone with the world 's finest fighting unit .
This time , I was n't a Captain in the Parachute Regiment .
This time , I was n't part of the esprit of Britain 's elite warriors .
I was alone , strapped to a hospital trolley halfway around the world in Thailand , and about to undergo 12 hours of irreversible surgery by a surgeon I had met barely 24 hours before .
Surgery that would leave me , in the eyes of the world , a woman .
• Gallery : More amazing pictures of Ian 's transformation
From this day on , nobody would ever look at me and see a man .
It was the
culmination of the hopes and dreams of 42 years of secret longing .
I was terrified .
As Ian , I had endured bullets , bombs and rockets , caused the death of men in combat and seen my own soldiers killed .
I had been decorated by my country for serving overseas , endured the toughest selection processes the Army could devise and served in every major conflict of the past 20 years .
But nothing could have prepared me for the moral courage I 've had to call on to make my transition from Captain Ian Hamilton , 16 - stone Paratrooper
with 14in biceps , to Jan Hamilton , an 11 - stone , size - 12 woman .
Just ten months earlier , I had been training troops for operations .
The last picture taken of me in uniform is still painful to look at .
I sent it to a close relative , who surprised me by replying that she felt sorry for me .
She said : " Your eyes are dead . '
She was right .
I had clawed my way back into uniform following six months of painful rehabilitation after returning , wounded by a roadside bomb , from Afghanistan .
I had done it all by myself – the Army did n't care if I got fit again or not .
My unit did not write to me once during that time .
I 'm afraid it 's the same for any wounded serviceman .
Whenever you 're off the radar , you get left to your own devices .
But I was forced to undergo endless physical and mental evaluations before they accepted me back .
I gave them the answers they wanted to hear : " Yes , sir , good to crack on ... Ready for anything , sir . "
Scroll down for more ...
I applied for , and won against nine other candidates , a job running media operations in Gibraltar .
I should have been ecstatic but I was deeply unhappy .
I could n't go on living
as a man .
All my life I had fought against the knowledge that I was different .
I had done everything I could to live up to the ideal of a tough action man .
I had even thought I was deranged not to be satisfied with my lot .
I started therapy for my confusion – what was wrong with me ?
Why could n't I be happy as I was ?
The answer was simple , the consequences devastating .
My only way to happiness was to become the woman I had longed to be .
My only other apparent solution was suicide .
Over Christmas last year , I contemplated that awful act every day .
I even tried to hang myself just before New Year .
In March , I told the Army that I had gender dysphoria , which means that while my brain was wired as a girl , my body was that of a man .
Scroll down for more ...
I sent them psychiatric evaluations and copies of the law .
But they ordered me to report for a medical as Ian .
I refused to go as a man because legally that was no longer the case .
I had changed my name to Jan by deed poll that same month .
The Army 's response was to remove me from my post .
Lawyers became involved and I waited for an answer .
But there was nothing , not even one phone call from my commanding officer in six months .
No meetings , no offer of compromise .
Nothing – except a warning from him , delivered by letter , that I would be court - martialled if I appeared in the Press .
The feelings of emptiness that this rejection provoked are indescribable .
I had believed in the Army and had served my country when asked .
I did n't want to leave .
Yes , I knew I would be different , but surely my knowledge and skills could be useful .
There are at least three other transgender servicewomen in the Army .
I went to my Commanding Officer for help , but he did n't want to know .
No one would speak to me face - to- face .
Eventually a senior officer in my regiment rang .
" You 've gone from hero to zero in one day , " he declared angrily .
Even my parents turned their backs on me – they sent a box with my possessions by courier , and a letter signed by them and my two brothers .
It read : " Our son is dead – never contact us again . "
I was devastated .
It was a high price to pay for my personal happiness , but I drew on Ian 's strength and courage .
It was as if he existed separately from my new female persona , Jan .
Through days of pain – bad , bad days when I looked like a rugby player in a dress and was an object of ridicule – Ian 's determination , honed and nurtured as a Parachute Regiment officer , kept me alive .
It took me to this basic but well - equipped Thai hospital , waiting for the operation that would begin his physical demise .
The body I had lived with for 42 years was about to be irrevocably changed by facial - feminisation surgery and breast augmentation in the first stage of my transformation into a woman .
I felt suddenly frightened .
Jan , on her own , would not have had the courage even to get on the plane to fly here .
But the spirit of the man who had , by his sheer anger , drive and determination , sustained me through a lifetime of pretending , of hidden despair , was going to perish , too .
Plastic surgeons abound .
But there are only about half a dozen in the world who can turn a man 's face into a woman's .
The male skull is so different – a man 's protruding brow , the crook of the nose , the shape of the eyebrows , the curl of the lip , the heaviness of the features .
A man 's skull is designed for the hunt , for combat .
A woman 's skull is designed for forage .
The forehead and orbital bones are flat , allowing greater width of vision , the better to spot roots , plants and fruits for gathering , to watch over errant offspring .
The features are softer , more curved , more open , more sexually provocative .
Having decided on sex- reassignment surgery , I had opted to alter my face and breasts first because it was important for people to see me the way I saw myself .
To show Jan at her physical best .
After all , the face is one of the more obvious ways of identifying a person .
You can get away with different body shape – no one knows what 's inside your underwear .
But Ian had a very masculine face and it meant that people stared at me all the time .
I wanted Jan to look the best that she could .
I spent several months researching doctors before the internet led me to Dr Suporn Watanyusakul .
A small man – he stands a mere 5ft 4in – he has worked on thousands of lost souls like me .
His clients are a melting pot of colours , shapes , sizes and accents from across the globe , all united with the visceral , yet almost inexplicable , desire to become women .
All so different , yet strangely all similar in our tales of despair , rejection , abuse , hurt and suffering .
Desperation is our common currency – desperation somehow to become who we believe ourselves to be .
The women , for that is what we believe ourselves to be , in Dr Suporn 's clinic bear no resemblance to Danny La Rue or Lily Savage .
We are not drag queens , we are not pantomime dames .
For us , there is no sexual kick to be had in dressing as a woman .
This is not a fantasy to be exercised in the bedroom .
In every case , mine included , we have given up everything because we cannot exist in the body we were born with .
And so , six months after legally changing my name to Jan , six months after that memorable day when I received my passport as Jan , marked " Gender : F " , I was about to become who I was always intended to be .
I had lost my job , my home , my career and my life savings .
I had been disowned by my family and my Regiment , been attacked , beaten up , spat at , laughed at in the street .
All of that was about to become meaningless , absolved , next to the prize I so desired .
I had arrived at the hospital clutching a picture of Sophia Loren , who has always been an idol because she is both glamorous and intelligent .
I said that I wanted to look like her .
It was not an unrealistic request .
Dr Suporn said that I already had her prominent cheekbones and that he could give me her striking almond - shaped eyes – but , sadly , not the nose .
Dr Suporn asked me to remove my top .
He smiled his reassuring smile and marked my body with an ink pen to guide his scalpel .
He has the most gentle hands and the most caring nature .
It was almost as if he was apologising for having to hurt me in doing his work .
I have rarely met such an extraordinary man .
For all the fear , for all the bravado that had got me here , I felt God was with me , guiding the doctor 's hand .
In the operating theatre , my arms and legs were strapped down , almost ironically for a Christian , into a crucifix position .
Needles were inserted into my arms , monitors strapped to my fingers .
The anaesthetist asked me : " Why is your heart rate only 46 ? "
I replied : " I run a lot . "
As I did so , I saw Ian rise from my body .
He turned and told me : " You 've not been well but now it 's going to be OK .
You 're going to be beautiful . "
And I went to sleep .
For 12 hours Dr Suporn and his nine - strong team laboured away .
My face was literally removed , as in the sci - fi movie Face / Off , then my forehead was sawn off , reshaped and screwed back on with titanium bolts .
The orbital bones around my eyes were ground down , my nose broken , the bone shaved and reformed , the cartilage trimmed .
The skin was then reattached and lifted so that my original jawline is now basically on top of my forehead – the scar line runs , Frankenstein - like , from ear to ear .
Scroll down for more ...
To complete the look , my eyelids were cut in half and sewn back together , tugged into a feline almond shape .
My flat lips were cut and squeezed into a
Bardot pout .
Hair wefts were transplanted to fill what nature and age had removed from my receding hairline .
Also , I had wanted to remove my tiny Adam 's apple , but the surgeon said it was n't necessary .
Apparently many women have one .
Instead , he did extra work under my eyes .
He decided , too , that my jawline , although strong , did n't need to be reduced .
Although I lost a lot of blood ( I never asked how much ) , the surgery went well .
In preparation for the operation I had lost five stone through diet and cardiovascular training .
I was , according to the medical staff , one of the fittest patients they had ever worked on .
I awoke from my surgical sleep the next day , feeling sore and a
little groggy .
At first I thought I had n't had the operation .
I had no sense of the passage of time and was quite annoyed .
Until , that is , Dr Suporn gave me a mirror .
He had warned me before the operation that I would look like a car - crash victim .
He was right .
My head was encased in bandages .
Only my eyes and mouth were visible , and both looked incredibly swollen .
My chest , too , was bound like a mummy – Dr Suporn had inserted breast implants through tiny incisions under my armpits , giving me a very womanly 36 D cup size .
I remember laughing , more like a tortured grimace , and asking him : " So , what does the other guy look like ? "
I spent five days on that hospital bed , too weak to move , half delirious on morphine and antibiotics , being gently fed spoonfuls of cold chicken soup .
I wo n't deny there was a great deal of pain to deal with , but nothing I could n't handle .
My eyes were fixed on the prize .
A good and dear friend sent me flowers , a wonderful display of white lilies – my favourite .
Nobody else phoned or sent messages of support .
The staff , kind and solicitous as they were , spoke no English .
I just lay there all alone .
I did an awful lot of crying .
On the fifth day , I tried to stand with two tiny Thai nurses on either side to support me .
I could barely raise my body off the bed .
A week earlier , I had been in the best physical condition of my life .
Now , I could n't even put one foot in front of the other .
They discharged me from hospital , much to my relief , after a week .
Just seeing the outside world , smelling the air without a terrible antiseptic taint , lifted my spirits .
I spent a further three weeks in a hotel room , letting my body heal – and my spirit , too .
I had never properly said goodbye to Ian .
The tears flowed for hours as I remembered my life .
Ian 's life .
Now , as I looked at this new person in the mirror , I marvelled at Dr Suporn 's skill .
The bruising faded within days , the scars minimal .
My eyes suddenly seemed so open , my peripheral vision doubled .
At first , I did n't recognise that reflection as me .
I looked back at a girl 's face , somehow reminiscent of Ian .
It struck me that I looked like the sister Ian never had .
We will always have that bond , even though he has gone .
Since returning home , my body and my spirit have continued to heal , though I still have numbness at the top of my head .
Finally , after so much longing , I know what it 's like to wake in the morning and be centred in who I am .
I no longer need to prepare for a daily acting job like no other .
My body is lapping up the female hormones I consume each day and slowly shaping into that of a woman's .
I have become curvy , my skin softer , and muscle has atrophied at a staggering rate .
It made me realise that it must have been a close call that made me a man .
My hands have always been too small for a man – catching a rugby ball was always a joke for me .
My feet , too , are too small for normal male Army boots , although even they are starting to shrink .
I had told the Army what I was doing before I left for Thailand .
I returned
to find that the Parachute Regiment has barred me from its annual dinner this year .
As the Regimental Association secretary put it : " We do n't have women . "
I have to leave the Regiment regardless – women are barred from the Airborne .
The dinner would have been the last I would have attended , my dining out enshrined as a departing officer 's right .
It 's hard not to be bitter but I suppose at least the Airborne have acknowledged me as a woman now .
The Army has n't paid me , or enquired after my welfare , for six months .
Yet I still can't quite let go .
I still look for news from the war .
I have lost two friends this year to add to the others who have gone .
I miss many of those I served with – the camaraderie and the banter .
I 've been told I was naive in expecting the Army to support me , but I can't let it go on breaking my heart .
Enough is enough .
I am suing for constructive dismissal and gender discrimination .
I still pray someone senior in the Army will call to explain what has happened , to invite me back .
Until then , I have no choice .
My reputation and integrity have been sullied .
It is what Ian would have expected of me .
A woman stopped me in the street last week , completely unbidden , and told me I had made her day because I was so elegant .
When I hear things like that , my heart fills with happiness .
I am on my way to becoming a woman .
The Army can continue to reject me , but it can no longer hurt me .
I will go back to Thailand early next year to have genital surgery .
It will hurt again .
It will take time to recover .
This time , though , Ian has prepared the ground for me .
I have a picture of him in Afghanistan on my mantelpiece , all muscles , sweaty and grime - laden .
I will take him to Thailand with me in my heart .
This will be the last journey , the last incision .
It 's a journey Jan will willingly take alone because , for me , the sheer joy of being a woman is worth any price .
February 15 , 2008
by Bruce Schneier
Founder and CTO
BT Counterpane
schneier@schneier.com
http://www.schneier.com
http://www.counterpane.com
A free monthly newsletter providing summaries , analyses , insights , and commentaries on security : computer and otherwise .
For back issues , or to subscribe , visit < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram.html>.
You can read this issue on the web at < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0802.html>.
These same essays appear in the “ Schneier on Security ” blog : < http://www.schneier.com/>.
An RSS feed is available .
In this issue :
If there ’s a debate that sums up post - 9/11 politics , it ’s security versus privacy .
Which is more important ?
How much privacy are you willing to give up for security ?
Can we even afford privacy in this age of insecurity ?
Security versus privacy :
It ’s the battle of the century , or at least its first decade .
In a Jan. 21 “ New Yorker ” article , Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell discusses a proposed plan to monitor all — that ’s right , * all* — Internet communications for security purposes , an idea so extreme that the word “ Orwellian ” feels too mild .
The article contains this passage : “ In order for cyberspace to be policed , Internet activity will have to be closely monitored .
Ed Giorgio , who is working with McConnell on the plan , said that would mean giving the government the authority to examine the content of any e-mail , file transfer or Web search .
‘ Google has records that could help in a cyber - investigation , ’ he said .
Giorgio warned me , ‘ We have a saying in this business : “ Privacy and security are a zero- sum game . ” ‘ ”
I ’m sure they have that saying in their business .
And it ’s precisely why , when people in their business are in charge of government , it becomes a police state .
If privacy and security really were a zero-sum game , we would have seen mass immigration into the former East Germany and modern - day China .
While it ’s true that police states like those have less street crime , no one argues that their citizens are fundamentally more secure .
We ’ve been told we have to trade off security and privacy so often — in debates on security versus privacy , writing contests , polls , reasoned essays and political rhetoric — that most of us do n’t even question the fundamental dichotomy .
But it ’s a false one .
Security and privacy are not opposite ends of a seesaw ; you do n’t have to accept less of one to get more of the other .
Think of a door lock , a burglar alarm and a tall fence .
Think of guns , anti-counterfeiting measures on currency and that dumb liquid ban at airports .
Security affects privacy only when it ’s based on identity , and there are limitations to that sort of approach .
Since 9/11 , approximately three things have potentially improved airline security : reinforcing the cockpit doors , passengers realizing they have to fight back , and — possibly — sky marshals .
Everything else — all the security measures that affect privacy — is just security theater and a waste of effort .
By the same token , many of the anti-privacy “ security ” measures we ’re seeing — national ID cards , warrantless eavesdropping , massive data mining , and so on — do little to improve , and in some cases harm , security .
And government claims of their success are either wrong , or against fake threats .
The debate is n’t security versus privacy .
It ’s liberty versus control .
You can see it in comments by government officials : “ Privacy no longer can mean anonymity , ” says Donald Kerr , principal deputy director of national intelligence .
“ Instead , it should mean that government and businesses properly safeguard people ’s private communications and financial information . ”
Did you catch that ?
You ’re expected to give up control of your privacy to others , who — presumably — get to decide how much of it you deserve .
That ’s what loss of liberty looks like .
It should be no surprise that people choose security over privacy : 51 to 29 percent in a recent poll .
Even if you do n’t subscribe to Maslow ’s hierarchy of needs , it ’s obvious that security is more important .
Security is vital to survival , not just of people but of every living thing .
Privacy is unique to humans , but it ’s a social need .
It ’s vital to personal dignity , to family life , to society — to what makes us uniquely human — but not to survival .
If you set up the false dichotomy , of course people will choose security over privacy — especially if you scare them first .
But it ’s still a false dichotomy .
There is no security without privacy .
And liberty requires both security and privacy .
The famous quote attributed to Benjamin Franklin reads : “ Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . ”
It ’s also true that those who would give up privacy for security are likely to end up with neither .
McConnell article from “ New Yorker ” :
http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2008/01/21/…
http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/…
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/01/…
Trading off security and privacy :
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ka-taipale/…
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/marc-rotenberg/…
http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0GER/…
http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/…
http://www.scu.edu/ethics/publications/briefings/…
http://www.csmonitor.com/2002/1015/p11s02-coop.html
False dichotomy :
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0109a.html#8
http://www.wired.com/politics/law/commentary/…
Donald Kerr ’s comments :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/11/…
Related essays :
http://www.schneier.com/essay-008.html
http://www.schneier.com/essay-096.html
http://www.schneier.com/essay-036.html
http://www.schneier.com/essay-160.html
http://www.schneier.com/essay-100.html
http://www.schneier.com/essay-108.html
http://www.schneier.com/essay-163.html
http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/09/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/06/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/05/…
This essay originally appeared on Wired.com .
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/commentary/…
MySpace has reached an agreement with the attorneys general of 49 states —
Texas sat out — to protect children from sexual predators on the site .
The attorneys general are all congratulating themselves , as is MySpace — and there ’s a lot of commentary out there .
To me , this all seems like much ado about nothing .
The measures wo n’t do anything to stop child predators on MySpace .
But on the other hand , there is n’t really any problem with child predators — just a tiny handful of highly publicized stories — on MySpace .
It ’s just security theater against a movie - plot threat .
But we humans have a well - established cognitive bias that overestimates threats against our children , so it all makes sense .
http://www.reuters.com/article/…
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/15/us/15myspace.html
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/anastasia-goodstein/…
http://www.informationweek.com//main/archives/…
http://www.news.com/8301-13577_3-9850057-36.html?…
http://www.myfoxstl.com/myfox/pages/News/Detail?…
http://www.techliberation.com/archives/043224.php
http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/01/14/…
Details of the measures :
http://ago.mo.gov/newsreleases/2008/pdf/…
There have been stories previously but this time it looks like it will actually happen .
From MSNBC : “ The technology is intended to stop a missile attack by detecting heat given off from the rocket , then firing a laser beam that jams the missile ’s guidance system . ”
I have several feelings about this .
One , it ’s security theater against a movie - plot threat .
Two , given that that ’s true , attaching an empty box to the belly of the plane and writing “ Laser Anti-Missile System ” on it would be just as effective a deterrent at a fraction of the cost .
And three , how do we know that ’s not what they ’re doing ?
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/22507209/
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/01/…
Previous stories :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2005/07/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/08/…
Blog entry URL :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
Social - engineering bank robberies in the DC area :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
This is a good article on a new trend in corporate spying : companies like Wal - Mart and Sears have resorted to covert surveillance of employees , partners , journalists , and even Internet users to protect itself from “ global threats . ”
http://www.ciozone.com/index.php/Management/…
Rudy Giuliani on terrorism security :
http://www.city-journal.org/2008/…
http://padraic2112.wordpress.com/2008/01/17/…
http://padraic2112.wordpress.com/2008/01/18/…
“ The New York Times ” writes about a plausible connection between fear and heart disease .
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/15/science/15tier.html
A 14 - year - old modified a TV remote control to switch trains on tracks in the Polish city of Lodz .
The lesson here is that security by obscurity , combined with physical security of the equipment , was n’t enough .
This kid jumped whatever fences there were , and reverse - engineered the IR control protocol .
Then he was able to play “ trains ” with real trains .
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/01/11/tram_hack/
http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~smb//2008-01/…
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/…
In the late 1800s , fire alarm boxes were kept locked to prevent false alarms ; this exacerbated the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 .
Compare this with a proposed law in New York City that will require people to get a license before they can buy chemical , biological , or radiological attack detectors .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
The Dutch RFID public transit card , which has already cost the government $ 2B — no , that ’s not a typo — has been hacked even before it has been deployed .
By some students .
My guess is the system was designed by people who do n’t understand security , and therefore thought it was easy .
http://www.cs.vu.nl/~ast/ov-chip-card
http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/?p=1250
More on SmartWater :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
Combined taser and MP3 player .
Not a joke , apparently .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2008/jan/08/…
I have absolutely no doubt that there will be security flaws in remotely controllable thermostats , allowing hackers to seize control of them .
Do this on a too - hot day , and you might even cause a large blackout .
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/11/us/11control.html?…
The proposal has been withdrawn :
http://www.energy.ca.gov/title24/2008standards/faq.html
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/…
Unshredding documents with software .
The context is shredded and torn East German Stasi documents , but the technology is more general .
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/magazine/…
Fear - mongering story about non-Muslims being recruited as terrorists in the UK .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
A gun slips through a TSA airport checkpoint , and when the owner reports the mistake , he ’s arrested .
What ’s that supposed to teach ?
http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/01/23/airport.gun/index.html
Continuing battles in the War on the Unexpected :
A suitcase in New Zealand .
http://www.stuff.co.nz/blog/4366917a11.html
An American photographing all 50 state capitols .
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/20/arts/design/…
Offshore oil rig evacuated after someone dreamed of a bomb .
http://news.scotsman.com/scotland/…
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/…
http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2008/feb/11/…
http://www.metro.co.uk/news/article.html?…
Sheridan College under lock - down because someone notices a tripod .
http://video.msn.com/?…
http://to.com/city/2008/02/…
http://www1.sheridaninstitute.ca/corporate/news/…
Man arrested for posession of an MP3 player .
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/…
An update on cameras in the New York City subways :
http://.wired.com/defense/2008/01/…
The ethics of autonomous military robots :
http://www.cc.gatech.edu/ai/robot-lab/…
Remember the “ cyberwar ” in Estonia last year ?
When asked about it , I generally say that it ’s unclear that it was n’t just kids playing politics .
The reality is even more mundane : “ … the attacker …is n’t a member of the Russian military , nor is he an embittered cyber warrior in Putin ’s secret service .
He does n’t even live in Russia .
He ’s an [ 20 - year - old ] ethnic Russian who lives in Estonia , who was pissed off over that whole statue thing . ”
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/01/…
Two Ethiopian cabin cleaners were found hiding in the ceiling of an aircraft after it landed at Dulles .
Presumably they were allowed on the plane at Addis Abbaba , but no one checked to make sure they got off .
http://www.wusa9.com/news/local/story.aspx?…
Interesting article on terrorist tradecraft :
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/…
Data as pollution :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
Does the FBI know the identity of the Storm worm writers ?
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/…
“ Psychology Today ” on risk assessment and why we ’re so bad at it :
http://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/…
A leaked document shows the UK government has plans to coerce its citizens into a national ID database .
http://www.boingboing.net/2008/01/29/…
http://craphound.com/NIS_Options_Analysis_Outcome.pdf
Bavarian government wants to intercept
Skype calls :
http://wikileaks.org/wiki/…
http://www.boingboing.net/2008/01/26/…
Detecting nuclear weapons using the cell phone network .
I ’m not convinced it ’s a good idea to deploy such a system , but I like the idea of piggy - backing a nationwide sensor network on top of our already existing cell phone infrastructure .
http://news.uns.purdue.edu/x/2008a/…
Think Illegal Downloading Is Free ?
http://www.flickr.com/photos/68708714@N00/…
I have mixed feelings about the NSA monitoring U.S. government Internet traffic , but in general I think it ’s a good idea .
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/…
Little people are hiding in luggage on Swedish buses , and stealing things while the bags are in the cargo holds .
Weird , but clever .
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/01/23/…
The DHS is paying for open source software to be scanned for security bugs , and then fixing them .
They find , on average , one security flaw per 1,000 lines of code .
And when the flaw is fixed , everyone ’s security improves .
http://www.informationweek.com/story/…
http://www.pcworld.com/businesscenter/article/…
UK ’s two - tier tax security system : poor security for everyone except the rich and powerful :
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/…
Undersea cable failures in the Middle East .
What ’s going on ?
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/02/…
“ The Top 5 VoIP Security Threats of 2008 ” : a nice little list of things to worry about .
http://www.voip-news.com/feature/…
Criminals are using cloned trucks to bypass security :
http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/story?…
This is the same problem as fake uniforms , and the more general problem of fake credentials .
It ’s very hard to solve .
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/10/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/01/…
Here ’s someone who puts on a red shirt and pretends to be a Target employee so he can steal stuff :
http://cbs4.com/local/target.fake.clerk.2.645377.html
Why does anyone think that heavily armed officers on New York City subways is a good idea ?
What does it accomplish besides intimidating innocent commuters ?
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/02/nyregion/…
Recently the Associated Press obtained hundreds of pages of documents related to the 2006 “ Cyber Storm ” exercise .
Most interesting is the part where the participants attacked the game computers and pissed the referees off .
http://www.siliconvalley.com/security/ci_8126437
http://news.wired.com/dynamic/stories/C/CYBER_STORM?…
Cyber Storm report :
http://www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/…
“ The Onion ” on Terror : “ We must all do whatever we can to preserve America by refocusing our priorities back on the contemplation of lethal threats — invisible nightmarish forces plotting to destroy us in a number of horrific ways .
It is only through the vigilance and determination of every patriot that we can maintain the sense of total dread vital to the prolonged existence of a thriving , quivering America . ”
http://www.theonion.com/content/opinion/…
Improvements in face recognition
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/02/…
Interesting speculation from Nicholas Weaver on how the MPAA might enforce copyright on the Internet :
http://nweaver.blogspot.com/2008/01/…
http://www.nnsquad.org/archives/nnsquad/msg00439.html
U.S. Customs seizing laptops at the border : if you travel abroad , this is important :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/02/…
Canon has filed a patent on embedding an iris scan of the photographer in the metadata of photographs , presumably secured with a digital signature .
http://www.photographybay.com/2008/02/09/…
Cryptographer Stefan Brands has a new company , Credentica , that allows people to disclose personal information while maintaining privacy and minimizing the threat of identity theft .
http://www.credentica.com/
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/news/2008/02/…
I know Stefan ; he ’s good .
The cryptography behind this system is almost certainly impeccable .
I like systems like this , and I want them to succeed .
I just do n’t see a viable business model .
I ’d like to be proven wrong .
HotPlug allows you to seize and move a computer without losing power .
http://www.wiebetech.com/products/HotPlug.php
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erq4TO_a3z8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G8sEYCOv-o
See also : MouseJiggler .
http://www.wiebetech.com/products/MouseJiggler.php
DHS in “ The Onion . ” Funny .
http://www.theonion.com/content/news/…
Buying an iPhone is n’t the same as buying a car or a toaster .
Your iPhone comes with a complicated list of rules about what you can and ca n’t do with it .
You ca n’t install unapproved third - party applications on it .
You ca n’t unlock it and use it with the cell phone carrier of your choice .
And Apple is serious about these rules : a software update released in September 2007 erased unauthorized software and — in some cases — rendered unlocked phones unusable .
“ Bricked ” is the term , and Apple is n’t the least bit apologetic about it .
Computer companies want more control over the products they sell you , and they ’re resorting to increasingly draconian security measures to get that control .
The reasons are economic .
Control allows a company to limit competition for ancillary products .
With Mac computers , anyone can sell software that does anything .
But Apple gets to decide who can sell what on the iPhone .
It can foster competition when it wants , and reserve itself a monopoly position when it wants .
And it can dictate terms to any company that wants to sell iPhone software and accessories .
This increases Apple ’s bottom line .
But the primary benefit of all this control for Apple is that it increases lock - in .
“ Lock - in ” is an economic term for the difficulty of switching to a competing product .
For some products — cola , for example — there ’s no lock - in .
I can drink a Coke today and a Pepsi tomorrow : no big deal .
But for other products , it ’s harder .
Switching word processors , for example , requires installing a new application , learning a new interface and a new set of commands , converting all the files ( which may not convert cleanly ) and custom software ( which will certainly require rewriting ) , and possibly even buying new hardware .
If Coke stops satisfying me for even a moment , I ’ll switch : something Coke learned the hard way in 1985 when it changed the formula and started marketing New Coke .
But my word processor has to really piss me off for a good long time before I ’ll even consider going through all that work and expense .
Lock - in is n’t new .
It ’s why all gaming - console manufacturers make sure that their game cartridges do n’t work on any other console , and how they can price the consoles at a loss and make the profit up by selling games .
It ’s why Microsoft never wants to open up its file formats so other applications can read them .
It ’s why music purchased from Apple for your iPod wo n’t work on other brands of music players .
It ’s why every U.S. cell phone company fought against phone number portability .
It ’s why Facebook sues any company that tries to scrape its data and put it on a competing website .
It explains airline frequent flyer programs , supermarket affinity cards and the new My Coke Rewards program .
With enough lock - in , a company can protect its market share even as it reduces customer service , raises prices , refuses to innovate and otherwise abuses its customer base .
It should be no surprise that this sounds like pretty much every experience you ’ve had with IT companies : once the industry discovered lock - in , everyone started figuring out how to get as much of it as they can .
Economists Carl Shapiro and Hal Varian even proved that the value of a software company is the total lock - in .
Here ’s the logic : Assume , for example , that you have 100 people in a company using MS Office at a cost of $ 500 each .
If it cost the company less than $ 50,000 to switch to Open Office , they would .
If it cost the company more than $ 50,000 , Microsoft would increase its prices .
Mostly , companies increase their lock - in through security mechanisms .
Sometimes patents preserve lock - in , but more often it ’s copy protection , digital rights management ( DRM ) , code signing or other security mechanisms .
These security features are n’t what we normally think of as security :
They do n’t protect us from some outside threat , they protect the companies from * us * .
Microsoft has been planning this sort of control - based security mechanism for years .
First called Palladium and now NGSCB ( Next - Generation Secure Computing Base ) , the idea is to build a control - based security system into the computing hardware .
The details are complicated , but the results range from only allowing a computer to boot from an authorized copy of the OS to prohibiting the user from accessing “ unauthorized ” files or running unauthorized software .
The competitive benefits to Microsoft are enormous ,
Of course , that ’s not how Microsoft advertises NGSCB .
The company has positioned it as a security measure , protecting users from worms , Trojans and other malware .
But control does not equal security ; and this sort of control - based security is very difficult to get right , and sometimes makes us more vulnerable to other threats .
Perhaps this is why Microsoft is quietly killing NGSCB — we ’ve gotten BitLocker , and we might get some other security features down the line — despite the huge investment hardware manufacturers made when incorporating special security hardware into their motherboards .
Earlier in this issue of Crypto - Gram , I talked about the security - versus - privacy debate , and how it ’s actually a debate about liberty versus control .
Here we see the same dynamic , but in a commercial setting .
By confusing control and security , companies are able to force control measures that work against our interests by convincing us they are doing it for our own safety .
As for Apple and the iPhone , I do n’t know what they ’re going to do .
On the one hand , there ’s this analyst report that claims there are over a million unlocked iPhones , costing Apple between $ 300 million and $ 400 million in revenue .
On the other hand , Apple is planning to release a software development kit this month , reversing its earlier restriction and allowing third - party vendors to write iPhone applications .
Apple will attempt to keep control through a secret application key that will be required by all “ official ” third - party applications , but of course it ’s already been leaked .
And the security arms race goes on …
Apple and the iPhone ;
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/29/technology/…
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?…
http://www.engadget.com/2007/10/17/…
http://www.engadget.com/2008/01/28/…
Shapiro and Varian ’s book :
http://www.amazon.com/…
Microsoft and Trusted Computing
http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-0208.html#1
http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rja14/Papers/tcpa.pdf
http://www.microsoft.com/technet/archive/security/…
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2005/08/…
Commentary :
http://yro.slashdot.org/yro/08/02/07/2138201.shtml
http://stumble.kapowaz.net/post/25792347
http://www.kryogenix.org/days/2008/02/08/…
http://girtby.net/archives/2008/2/8/vendor-lock-in
This essay previously appeared on Wired.com .
http://www.wired.com/politics/security/commentary/…
The CIA unleashed a big one at a SANS conference : “ On Wednesday , in New Orleans , US Central Intelligence Agency senior analyst Tom Donahue told a gathering of 300 US , UK , Swedish , and Dutch government officials and engineers and security managers from electric , water , oil & gas and other critical industry asset owners from all across North America , that ‘ We have information , from multiple regions outside the United States , of cyber intrusions into utilities , followed by extortion demands .
We suspect , but cannot confirm , that some of these attackers had the benefit of inside knowledge .
We have information that cyber attacks have been used to disrupt power equipment in several regions outside the United States .
In at least one case , the disruption caused a power outage affecting multiple cities .
We do not know who executed these attacks or why , but all involved intrusions through the Internet . ’
“ According to Mr. Donahue , the CIA actively and thoroughly considered the benefits and risks of making this information public , and came down on the side of disclosure . ”
I ’ll bet .
There ’s nothing like a vague unsubstantiated rumor to forestall reasoned discussion .
But , of course , everyone is writing about it anyway .
SANS ’s Alan Paller is happy to add details .
From Forbes.com : “ In the past two years , hackers have in fact successfully penetrated and extorted multiple utility companies that use SCADA systems , says Alan Paller , director of the SANS Institute , an organization that hosts a crisis center for hacked companies .
‘ Hundreds of millions of dollars have been extorted , and possibly more .
It ’s difficult to know , because they pay to keep it a secret , ’ Paller says .
‘ This kind of extortion is the biggest untold story of the cybercrime industry . ' ”
And to up the fear factor .
“ Information Week ” : “ The prospect of cyberattacks crippling multicity regions appears to have prompted the government to make this information public .
The issue ‘ went from “ we should be concerned about to this ” to “ this is something we should fix now , “ ‘ said Paller .
‘ That ’s why , I think , the government decided to disclose this . ' ”
More rumor from ibls.com : “ An attendee of the meeting said that the attack was not well - known through the industry and came as a surprise to many there .
Said the person who asked to remain anonymous , ‘ There were apparently a couple of incidents where extortionists cut off power to several cities using some sort of attack on the power grid , and it does not appear to be a physical attack . ' ”
And more hyperbole from someone in the industry in “ The Washington Post ” : “ Over the past year to 18 months , there has been ‘ a huge increase in focused attacks on our national infrastructure networks , . . . and they have been coming from outside the United States , ’ said Ralph Logan , principal of the Logan Group , a cybersecurity firm .
“ It is difficult to track the sources of such attacks , because they are usually made by people who have disguised themselves by worming into three or four other computer networks , Logan said .
He said he thinks the attacks were launched from computers belonging to foreign governments or militaries , not terrorist groups . ”
I ’m more than a bit skeptical here .
To be sure — fake staged attacks aside — there are serious risks to SCADA systems ( Ganesh Devarajan gave a talk at DefCon this year about some potential attack vectors ) , although at this point I think they ’re more a future threat than present danger .
But this CIA tidbit tells us nothing about how the attacks happened .
Were they against SCADA systems ?
Were they against general - purpose computers , maybe Windows machines ?
Insiders may have been involved , so was this a computer security vulnerability at all ?
We have no idea .
Cyber -extortion is certainly on the rise ; we see it at Counterpane .
Primarily it ’s against fringe industries — online gambling , online gaming , online porn — operating offshore in countries like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands .
It is going mainstream , but this is the first I ’ve heard of it targeting power companies .
Certainly possible , but is that part of the CIA rumor or was it tacked on afterwards ?
And Wikipedia has a list of power outages .
Which ones were hacker caused ?
Some details would be nice .
I ’d like a little bit more information before I start panicking .
Quote from SANS :
http://www.sans.org/newsletters/newsbites/…
News articles :
http://www.engadget.com/2008/01/19/…
http://www.forbes.com/2008/01/18/…
http://www.ibls.com/…
http://www.informationweek.com/news/…
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/…
http://www.pcworld.com/article/id,141564-c,hackers/…
http://www.forbes.com/2008/01/18/…
http://it.slashdot.org/article.pl?sid=08/01/19/0138209
Fake staged SCADA attack :
https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/10/…
DefCon talk :
http://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-15/…
Wikipedia list of power outages :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_power_outages
An interview with Schneier :
http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com.au/topics/…
Schneier given the Norbert Wiener Award by the Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility :
http://www.cpsr.org/news/press/wiener2008
Schneier gave the keynote talk at Linux.conf.au .
Article on the talk :
http://www.itnews.com.au/News/…
Video of the talk :
http://linux.conf.au/programme/presentations
http://mirror.linux.org.au/pub/linux.conf.au/2008/…
http://mirror.linux.org.au/pub/linux.conf.au/2008/…
Q&A afterwards :
http://www.itwire.com/content/view/16422/1090/
Mujahideen Secrets 2 is a new version of an encryption tool , ostensibly written to help Al Qaeda members encrypt secrets as they communicate on the Internet .
A bunch of sites have covered this story , and a couple of security researchers are quoted in the various articles .
But quotes like this from “ Computerworld ” make you wonder if they have any idea what they ’re talking about : “ Mujahideen Secrets 2 is a very compelling piece of software , from an encryption perspective , according to Henry .
He said the new tool is easy to use and provides 2,048 - bit encryption , an improvement over the 256 - bit AES encryption supported in the original version . ”
No one has explained why a terrorist would use this instead of PGP — perhaps they simply do n’t trust anything coming from a U.S. company .
But honestly , this is n’t a big deal at all : strong encryption software has been around for over fifteen years now , either cheap or free .
And the NSA probably breaks most of the stuff by guessing the password , anyway .
Unless the whole program is an NSA plant , that is .
My question : the articles claim that the program uses several encryption algorithms , including RSA and AES .
Does it use Blowfish or Twofish ?
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2008/…
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2008/…
http://www.techworld.com/security/features/…
http://www.computerworld.com/action/article.do?…
http://www.computerworld.com/action/article.do?…
http://www2.csoonline.com/exclusives/column.html?…
http://s.csoonline.com/…
http://www.informationweek.com/internet/…
Me on PGP :
http://www.schneier.com/essay-199.html
Me on password guessing :
http://www.schneier.com/essay-148.html
The TSA is checking IDs more carefully , looking for forgeries : “ More than 40 passengers have been arrested since June in cases when TSA screeners spotted altered passports , fraudulent visas and resident ID cards , and forged driver ’s licenses .
Many of them were arrested on immigration charges .
” ID checks have nothing to do with airport security .
And even if they did , anyone can fly on a fake ID .
And enforcing immigration laws is not what the TSA does .
http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/…
Read this from the TSA ’s website : “ We screen every passenger ; we screen every bag so that your memories are from where you went , not how you got there .
We ’re here to help your travel plans be smooth and stress free .
Please take a moment to become familiar with some of our security measures .
Doing so now will help save you time once you arrive at the airport . ” I know they do n’t mean it that way , but does n’t it sound like it ’s saying “ We know it does n’t help , but it might make you feel better ” ?
http://www.tsa.gov/travelers/airtravel/index.shtm
And why is it news when a test breaches TSA security ?
http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/01/28/tsa.bombtest/…
“ Confessions of a TSA Agent ” : there is some speculation that this is a hoax .
http://information.travel.aol.com/article/air/_a/…
I have no idea why Kip Hawley is surprised that the TSA is as unpopular with Americans as the IRS .
http://www.theaviationnation.com/2007/12/30/…
The TSA has a blog :
http://www.tsa.gov/
http://.wired.com/27bstroke6/2008/01/…
http://arstechnica.com/news.ars/post/…
http://it.slashdot.org/it/08/02/01/2152216.shtml
http://www.computerworld.com/action/article.do?…
I ’m even on the blogroll .
First paragraph : “ Terrorists increasingly favor using women as suicide bombers to thwart security and draw attention to their causes , a new FBI - Department of Homeland Security assessment concludes . ”
Photo caption : “ Female suicide bombers can use devices to make them appear pregnant , a security assessment says . ”
Second paragraph : “ The assessment said the agencies ‘ have no specific , credible intelligence indicating that terrorist organizations intend to utilize female suicide bombers against targets in the homeland . ' ”
Does the DHS think we ’re idiots or something ?
http://edition.cnn.com/2008/US/02/12/…
Many people say that allowing illegal aliens to obtain state driver ’s licenses helps them and encourages them to remain illegally in this country .
Michigan Attorney General Mike
Cox late last year issued an opinion that licenses could be issued only to legal state residents , calling it “ one more tool in our initiative to bolster Michigan ’s border and document security . ”
In reality , we are a much more secure nation if we do issue driver ’s licenses and / or state IDs to every resident who applies , regardless of immigration status .
Issuing them does n’t make us any less secure , and refusing puts us at risk .
The state driver ’s license databases are the only comprehensive databases of U.S. residents .
They ’re more complete , and contain more information — including photographs and , in some cases , fingerprints — than the IRS database , the Social Security database , or state birth certificate databases .
As such , they are an invaluable police tool — for investigating crimes , tracking down suspects , and proving guilt .
Removing the 8 million - 15 million illegal immigrants from these databases would only make law enforcement harder .
Of course , the unlicensed wo n’t pack up and leave .
They will drive without licenses , increasing insurance premiums for everyone .
They will use fake IDs , buy real IDs from crooked DMV employees — as several of the 9/11 terrorists did — forge “ breeder documents ” to get real IDs ( another 9/11 terrorist trick ) , or resort to identity theft .
These millions of people will continue to live and work in this country , invisible to any government database and therefore the police .
Assuming that denying licenses to illegals will make them leave is head - in - the - sand thinking .
Of course , even an attempt to deny licenses to illegal immigrants puts DMV clerks in the impossible position of verifying immigration status .
This is expensive and time - consuming ; furthermore , it wo n’t work .
The law is complicated , and it can take hours to verify someone ’s status only to get it wrong .
Paperwork can be easy to forge , far easier than driver ’s licenses , meaning many illegal immigrants will get these licenses that now “ prove ” immigrant status .
Even more legal immigrants will be mistakenly denied licenses , resulting in lawsuits and additional government expense .
Some states have considered a tiered license system , one that explicitly lists immigration status on the licenses .
Of course , this wo n’t work either .
Illegal immigrants are far more likely to take their chances being caught than admit their immigration status to the DMV .
We are all safer if everyone in society trusts and respects law enforcement .
A society where illegal immigrants are afraid to talk to police because of fear of deportation is a society where fewer people come forward to report crimes , aid police investigations , and testify as witnesses .
And finally , denying driver ’s licenses to illegal immigrants will not protect us from terrorism .
Contrary to popular belief , a driver ’s license is not required to board a plane .
You can use any government - issued photo ID , including a foreign passport .
And if you ’re willing to undergo secondary screening , you can board a plane without an ID at all .
This is probably how anybody on the “ no fly ” list gets around these days .
A 2003 American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators report concludes : “ Digital images from driver ’s licenses have significantly aided law enforcement agencies charged with homeland security .
The 19 ( 9/11 ) terrorists obtained driver licenses from several states , and federal authorities relied heavily on these images for the identification of the individuals responsible . ”
Whether it ’s the DHS trying to protect the nation from terrorism , or local , state and national law enforcement trying to protect the nation from crime , we are all safer if we encourage every adult in America to get a driver ’s license .
This op - ed originally appeared in the Detroit Free Press .
http://www.schneier.com/essay-205.html
There are hundreds of comments — many of them interesting — on these topics on my blog .
Search for the story you want to comment on , and join in .
http://www.schneier.com/
CRYPTO -GRAM is a free monthly newsletter providing summaries , analyses , insights , and commentaries on security : computer and otherwise .
You can subscribe , unsubscribe , or change your address on the Web at < http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram.html>.
Back issues are also available at that URL .
Please feel free to forward CRYPTO - GRAM , in whole or in part , to colleagues and friends who will find it valuable .
Permission is also granted to reprint CRYPTO - GRAM , as long as it is reprinted in its entirety .
CRYPTO -GRAM is written by Bruce Schneier .
Schneier is the author of the best sellers “ Beyond Fear , ” “ Secrets and Lies , ” and “ Applied Cryptography , ” and an inventor of the Blowfish and Twofish algorithms .
He is founder and CTO of BT Counterpane , and is a member of the Board of Directors of the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) .
He is a frequent writer and lecturer on security topics .
See < http://www.schneier.com>.
BT Counterpane is the world ’s leading protector of networked information – the inventor of outsourced security monitoring and the foremost authority on effective mitigation of emerging IT threats .
BT Counterpane protects networks for Fortune 1000 companies and governments world - wide .
See < http://www.counterpane.com>.
Crypto-Gram is a personal newsletter .
Opinions expressed are not necessarily those of BT or BT Counterpane .
Copyright ( c ) 2008 by Bruce Schneier .
Norwegian search company Fast Search & Transfer ASA has built a successful search business entirely outside of the consumer spotlight by providing enterprise search solutions that let companies find , store , and manage information from their own networks and from the Internet .
Now Microsoft has offered to buy that business for $ 1.2 billion , with a $ 2.97 per share bid that represents a 42 percent premium over the company 's January 4 closing price .
" Enterprise search is becoming an indispensable tool to businesses of all sizes , helping people find , use and share critical business information quickly , " said Jeff Raikes , president of the Microsoft Business Division .
" Until now organizations have been forced to choose between powerful , high - end search technologies or more mainstream , infrastructure solutions .
The combination of Microsoft and FAST gives customers a new choice : a single vendor with solutions that span the full range of customer needs . "
Fast 's board unanimously voted to recommend that shareholders take the offer , and the company 's largest institutional shareholders have accepted it .
Microsoft expects to complete the deal sometime in the second quarter of this year , at which point it can begin integrating Fast 's technology with its enterprise products .
The move should help Microsoft compete against Google 's enterprise search appliance , especially in Windows - only shops where the newly acquired functionality can be integrated directly into Microsoft clients and servers , and into products like SharePoint .
The acquisition will not only impact Microsoft 's search technology , but it will also beef up the company 's research and development presence in Europe .
Microsoft already has research teams in England and Denmark , so they 'll be adding Norway to their short but growing list of European research centers .
Microsoft and Fast will talk more about the acquisition in a press conference today at 10:15 AM PT .
With 36 members of the City Council being forced out of office next year due to term limits , the election of 2009 could be the biggest and most expensive to hit New York .
At least 45 New Yorkers already are amassing campaign war chests to run for council seats and many more are expected to enter races in the coming months .
One political consultant who is advising council candidates says he has identified more than 300 candidates he expects to run in 2009 .
The early start to council campaigning and fund - raising efforts mirrors the early start to this year 's presidential race , with local candidates saying they want to put fund raising behind them so they can focus on campaigning as the city election nears .
" Put on your helmets and put on your seat belts :
It 's going to be like a demolition derby , " a former aide and campaign strategist to Mayor Bloomberg , William Cunningham , said .
" People are running around , banging into each other , and then four years from now all of those people pretty much get a free ride for re-election .
That 's pretty much how it 's worked out . "
The last time a wave of candidates ran for seats on the council was in 2001 , when another large class of members was removed from office by term limits .
More than 18 months before the primary , one council candidate said he has already finished fund raising .
David Greenfield , who is running to succeed Council Member Simcha Felder in Brooklyn , has raised more than $ 170,000 , more than any other council candidate in the city so far , according to the New York City Campaign Finance Board 's records .
" It 's a way to show people early on that you have a lot of support and a lot of momentum and that you are a competitive candidate , " Mr. Greenfield , 29 , said .
" It allows you to get the fund - raising out of the way and focus on the race . "
Mr. Greenfield , the executive vice president of the Sephardic Community Federation in Brooklyn , said he plans to accept public matching funds for his campaign , and therefore would have to abide by a spending cap set by the city 's Campaign Finance Board .
Once he receives public funds , he will have enough in his account to spend at the limit of $ 161,000 during the primary and $ 161,000 during the general election , he said .
Another likely candidate , Elizabeth Crowley , the cousin of Rep. Joseph Crowley , has raised more than $ 70,000 to run for a council seat and spent more than $ 20,000 , according to records from the board .
She has not yet declared her candidacy , but said that after losing a race in 2001 to Council Member Dennis Gallagher , who represents Middle Village , Glendale , and Ridgewood in Queens , she launched her latest fund - raising push much earlier .
" Not only did I learn a lesson from '01  to get involved early  but it helps letting other people who are maybe interested in filling the position that you are really interested and not just talking about it , " she said .
The Campaign Finance Board will give candidates who participate in its program $ 6 for every $ 1 collected , up to $ 175 .
A $ 175 donation , for example , will bring in $ 1,050 in public funds from the board , but $ 1,050 is the maximum amount granted by the board for any contributor .
The board gave council candidates $ 14.2 million of the approximately $ 42 million in public funding spent during the 2001 election , and about $ 6.6 million of the approximately $ 24 million spent in 2005 .
The fund - raising onslaught more than 18 months before the primary and the number of candidates expected to run for the council in 2009 is in many ways a product of the city 's term limit law , which restricts city officials from holding a public office for more than two consecutive terms .
Critics of the term limit law say it means that every eight years a new wave of inexperienced lawmakers arrive at City Hall and spend the first year or two learning the ways of city government .
Council Member Lewis Fidler , who is opposed to term limits , said that even before a new class of council members is sworn in , he is concerned about another set of lawmakers : the council members on their way out of office , many of whom are already running for their next political job .
" The ability of the speaker to maintain some kind of cohesion and discipline in the body is going to dissipate , and that will make the council a weaker counterpoint to a mayor and a charter that is executive - centric already , " Mr. Fidler , who represents parts of Brooklyn , said .
" If you love Mike Bloomberg , that does n't bother you , but if you do n't like the next mayor , that might be a huge concern . "
Some 2009 races are heating up very early in the process .
There are at least five Brooklyn Democrats looking to succeed Council Member Bill de Blasio , who is running for president of Brooklyn in 2009 , while at least four candidates , one of whom , Paul Vallone , is the younger brother of Council Member Peter Vallone Jr. , are running to replace Council Member Tony Avella , who represents parts of Queens and is a candidate for mayor .
Assemblyman Michael Gianaris , a Democrat of Astoria , is speculated to be considering a run for the council with the intention of becoming the next speaker .
A race to replace Council Member Alan Gerson in Lower Manhattan is providing political junkies with an early dose of campaign intrigue , with a fight over Internet domain names under way between a likely candidate who is chairwoman of Community Board 1 , Julie Menin , and a retired firefighter and former police officer running for the open seat , Peter Gleason .
Mr. Gleason purchased the domain names juliemenin.com , juliemenin.net , and juliemenin.org and plans to post information about his anticipated opponent on them , prompting Ms. Menin to hire an attorney to help her get control of the sites .
The dispute was first reported in the Villager newspaper .
" These kinds of things should n't happen , " Ms. Menin said in an interview with The New York Sun .
" It 's just not an honest way to do things . "
Mr. Gleason said Ms. Menin should have known to purchase her own domain names .
" I think the voters are going to have to determine whether or not they want to vote for somebody who does n't have a certain level of foresight , " he said .
David Cook Singing “ Billie Jean ” ( Watch )
David Cook pulled out the big ones tonight when he took on Michael Jackson ’s “ Billie Jean ” .
A risky performance to say the least given that most of the audience has never heard this particular arrangement made somewhat famous by Chris Cornell .
David was my personal fave going into tonight , but now I ’m betting on him to win the whole thing ( or place third which would be better for this guy in the long run ) .
Are we loving it or hating it ?
Petrol and electricity costs are surging on the higher oil price
However , the figure is still surpassed in inflation - adjusted terms by the peak of $ 102.53 reached in 1980 , the International Energy Agency says .
The oil price surge is supported by traders switching their cash out of shares and currencies and into commodities , traders say .
US sweet crude eventually fell back to close down $ 1.24 at $ 99.64 a barrel .
London 's Brent was down $ 1.15 to $ 98.32 .
Fears that producers ' cartel Opec will cut supply have also been blamed for oil 's recent highs .
" [ Opec ] appears reluctant to heed requests from Western leaders to add more barrels to the market in order to soften prices , " said Robert Laughlin at MF Global .
London Brent crude was trading near $ 100 a barrel after surpassing that level on Tuesday .
Commodities are generally considered a hedge against inflation ... we are therefore seeing these strong prices that have really little to do with oil market fundamentals
Victor Shum , energy analyst
Trend buying ?
Other analysts say a bigger catalyst in the latest oil surge is continued uncertainty in the global economic outlook , which is causing turmoil in currency and equity markets .
The euro hit a high of $ 1.5135 on Wednesday after traders bet that the Federal Reserve will have to cut rates below 3 % to prevent the US economy from sinking into a recession .
US interest rate cuts generally lower the value of the dollar as traders move to other investments with a higher rate of return .
Investors are pumping cash into commodities and metals , which look a safer bet because of continued high demand in Asia to feed the region 's industrial boom .
Gold reached a historic high at $ 957.60 on continued power supply problems in South Africa , while aluminium and copper prices also rose .
" The US dollar weakened against the euro and the economic data also indicated that inflation in the US rose in January , " said Victor Shum , an energy analyst with Purvin & Gertz in Singapore .
" Commodities are generally considered a hedge against inflation .
We are therefore seeing these strong prices that have really little to do with oil market fundamentals . "
A raft of gloomy US economic data out on Tuesday included lower consumer confidence and higher home foreclosures .
is
2 million Americans could all peacefully surround the White House and Capitol Hill , and hold signs saying " we 're not leaving until the Constitution and the rule of law are restored " .
would
would
But , but . . .
would
really wanted to
Conclusion
many
not
Many times , when I explain to people what 's going on in our country today , they at first argue that things are n't really that bad , and that America could never go fascist .
After a couple of examples about what 's been happening recently , and a brief overview of what fascism actually means , they get it .
But then they shrug their shoulders and say " there 's nothing I can do " , hoping that that 's the end of discussion .
Are they right ?
Is there nothing we can do about fascism ?
Should we just hunker down and try to survive it ?
Well , first of all , theresomething we can do to break free of the fascist concrete which has been poured over America , before it really hardens .
Here is just one example : 1 million people surround the White House .
1 million more surround Capitol Hill .
Everyone wears red , white and blue to show that we are pro-America ( and because it will be such a sight to see that the news cameras will be attracted like flies to honey ) .
If that happened , the spell of fascismbe broken , thingsstart to get done , and America would be freed .
Says who ?
Well , its happened repeatedly throughout history whenever people have been willing to stand up .
The Ukranian people stood up to tyranny and won .
The East German people stood up to tyranny and won .
The people of the Philippines Indonesia and other countries around the world have won against tyranny whenever ordinary people have poured into the streets in massive numbers and demanded freedom .
And here in the U.S. , even though Nixon said he did n't care what the American people thought , he backed off on dropping a nuclear bomb on Vietnam when hundreds of thousands of people turned out to protest an escalation of the war ( and see this ) .
Now you might raise all sorts of potential problems with this option .
I 'll get to that in a minute .
However , I want to stress that if 2 million people did this , itwork , and the fact that we 're not doing it is only proof that we 're too lazy or lack the commitment to do anything .
Okay , here are some possible objections and rebuttals to the objections . . . With the web , we can do it .
Well , with government already spying on our web usage , emails and phones , of course it would be infiltrated .
But that does n't mean we should n't do it .
Yes , they probably will try .
That 's why everyone should bring cellphone cameras or videocams .
If police turn violent or use agents provocateur to incite violence , we film it all , and broadcast it worldwide on the web .
That would make the government look really , really bad .
Also , everyone should sign paper pledges in advance to be peaceful and not use any violence under any circumstance .
And if you see anyone trying to incite violence , have a group of people escort them away from the protest .
Yes , we might have to call in sick to work , spend some scarce funds , rearrange or cancel some commitments .
It might be a sacrifice , but we could do it if weThere are many other possible objections , but there are responses to all of them .
In short , it is doable and would be effective .
The bottom line is that it is not true that we are powerless or that there is nothing we can do to prevent fascism from consolidating its hold on the United States .
The option of surrounding the White House and Capitol Hill with millions of peaceful protesters is only one ofoptions which would turn things around .
If we are not implementing such options , it is because we do n't really care , or do n't want to be bothered , or are not really committed to saving our country .
It isbecause there is nothing we can do .
" Fifty of us jumped out of our seats and raced out to the main bar , " said club president Jerry " Jester " van Cornewal .
Robbers flee
On seeing the bikers approaching , the robbers fled .
One sprinted past patrons playing poker machines towards the back of the club when he came to closed glass door .
He charged through the glass , leapt off a five - metre balcony and ran through a bowling green .
The other escaped through an exit behind the bar .
But Jester ran to the back of the club , waiting for the robber to emerge from the back roller door .
" He came out the door wielding what I thought was a tyre lever , but was actually a samurai sword .
I raced in and tackled him to the ground , footy - style , onto the concrete , " Jester said .
The man wriggled free , but was pursued by Jester and two other club members named " Bulldog " and Brad , and was crash - tackled again .
The trio hogtied the man and waited for police to arrive .
Police soon also located the second robber nearby .
Police today charged a 20 - year - old Guildford man and a 16 - year - old with the attempted robbery .
They will appear in court this afternoon .
Biker club founder Noel " Bear " Mannix said the robbers appeared to have regretted attempting the heist as soon as they saw the bikers .
" It was one of those stopped - time moments , " he said .
" It was very hard to see the expression on their faces because of the balaclavas , but I imagine it was something along lines of ' Oh shit , what have we done here ? ' "
The clumsy robbers appeared to have " failed robber school " , Jester said .
Bikers were club regulars Regents Park Sporting Club manager Eddie Kiosoff said the bikers had been regulars at the club for about a year , visiting a few nights a week .
" Hopefully we can have them here all the time now , '' he joked .
Mr Kiosoff expressed his gratitude at the bikers ' bravery , and said he was considering " putting on a night " for them .
Families and elderly also present Families and the elderly were also at the club last night , Bear said .
" We 've just have enough of this .
This club 's been robbed numerous times .
" These guys with machetes were n't too worried about waving them around and scaring ladies and other families socialising at the club .
Patrons this afternoon expressed relief that a robbery attempt at the club had finally been thwarted .
" I 'm just so proud of the boys ... the morality of not putting up with this sort of thing , " Bear said .
" I think two or three of our guys should be put up for bravery awards for taking on armed men . "
The Bear hoped the incident would also correct misconceptions about bikers .
" Even on one of the news things we were credited as being Hell 's Angels , but we are far from that . "
Because Genentech is a leading developer of cancer therapies , some doctors also fear that the company 's pricing plans for Avastin -- around $ 8,800 a month -- may encourage other companies to charge more for their own oncology drugs .
That could potentially drive up the overall cost of cancer treatment to unsustainable levels , they say .
Right now , one of the few cancer drugs with a higher monthly price than the level planned for Avastin is Erbitux .
The drug , used for colon cancer , sells for $ 9,600 monthly , but is not as widely prescribed as Avastin and is typically used only as a last - resort treatment for a few months .
Dr. Susan Desmond - Hellmann , the president of product development of Genentech , which is based in South San Francisco , Calif. , said that Genentech had set Avastin 's price based on " the value of innovation , and the value of new therapies . "
Genentech , which had more than $ 6 billion in sales last year , has many programs to help patients afford its medicines , and last year contributed $ 21 million to charities that help patients with their insurance co-payments , she said .
Genentech intends to file an application later this year with the Food and Drug Administration to expand the drug 's label to include treatment for breast and lung cancer .
While nothing stops doctors now from prescribing Avastin for those diseases , F.D.A. approval would let the company promote and advertise it for such treatments and make insurers more likely to pay for the treatments .
For now , insurers are deciding case by case whether to cover Avastin for breast and lung cancer , and in many instances they are rejecting coverage or at least delaying decisions .
" Insurers may say , ' It 's not approved for that indication , so we 're not paying for it , ' " said Dr. Paul A. Bunn Jr. , the director of the University of Colorado cancer center .
In those cases , patients must sign a waiver agreeing to reimburse the hospital for the price of treatment if the insurer will not agree to do so .
And some patients are afraid to sign the waivers , Dr. Bunn said .
" A couple of patients have refused to sign or take treatment . "
151 . Index Name : Chaotick
Chaotick Caption : I know I 've photographed this one a bunch of times before , but I still really love its elegant simplicity .
Ember surveys his creation : a flaming dodecadronal tetherball .
News of the weird and strange from around the world
It was just last week that McCain lied to the media about never having met a lobbyist involved in last week ’s scandal ( he had met with the lobbyist , and admitted it under oath in 2002 ) .
Now he ’s lying about this controversy as well .
Or he ’s telling the truth , he actually thinks he did n’t meet all these different people because the 71 year old McCain no longer has all his faculties .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFmzQJkhr84]
Quitting Iris
Completely Unqualified
Getting to Work
Slow Going
More Code , Lots More
// the fucking alpha cpp compiler seems to fuck up the goddam type " LPITEMIDLIST " , so to work
// around the fucking peice of shit compiler we pass the last param as an void * instead of a LPITEMIDLIST
* for idiots like MS - Access 2.0 who SetWindowPos ( SWP_BOZO
* and blow away themselves on the shell , then lets
* just ignore their plea to be removed from the tray
All Done
This is the story of when I re-wrote the Lotus Notes Formula Engine .
It 's a pretty cool story , it turns out Vader is Luke 's father and I get frozen in carbonite .
No wait , that 's something else .
Enjoy !
I 've made my living writing software now since 1995 .
But it was n't until 1999 that I became a hardcore engineer .
That was the first time I quit my job at Iris Associates .
Iris was the organization that created and developed Lotus Notes and I worked on the template team .
Notes itself is n't really an application , it 's more like an OS , and templates are the applications that Notes runs .
Describing how Notes templates work is a difficult thing , there is really nothing else quite like it the software world , but I guess I 'd describe Notes templates as sort of like web applications .
As a template developer , you must deal with back - end storage issues , you are writing in scripting languages for both the back - end and front - end functionality and rendering stuff , it 's sort of like working with ASP , HTML and JavaScript ... sort of .
While I was on the template team I developed the original Notes Welcome page , I did work on e-mail and a lot of work on some obscure administrative applications , among other things .
At the time I quit I was working on new features for the R5 point releases .
But I hated it .
I hated pushing around pixels all day , negotiating with the Quickplace and Sametime teams who wanted tie-ins and functionality on the Welcome page .
I frequently worked 80 hours a week , was stressed and was seriously burning out .
Why did I work so hard at something I hated ?
I do n't know , I think because I wanted desperately to get away from it .
So I thought if I just worked harder , someone would be impressed enough to give me a shot working on something I wanted to work on .
Something more geeky and computer sciencey , instead of the touchy - feely UI crap where marketing types argue with me all day about how they think it should work and look .
But I think I just ended up trapping myself .
Some months later I was told by another project leader that I was barred from moving to his team by my managers because I was too vital to the template team .
UI stuff is hard , but not many people actually appreciate how difficult it is to do correctly .
Everyone thinks they 're an expert , but very few have actually spent any time thinking seriously about it , reading any article or books on the subject , watching users behind one way mirrors during usability tests and seeing how easily users get confused and distracted .
So one day I 'd had enough , I could n't stand it anymore , I was tired of battling all day with people who thought their " little " tweak would have no repercussions whatsoever .
Being a UI guy is n't just producing UIs , it also requires negotiating with lots of people , at least at Iris it did , which was the part I liked the least about the work .
That 's probably why Notes historically has such a maligned UI , because the culture there made it difficult to produce anything decent .
So after a particularly frustrating run-in that I wo n't go into , I quit .
I put in my two weeks and that was going to be that .
Then a very friendly guy named Wai Ki Yip called me before my last day .
He was a manager and engineer and he offered me a job on his team , the Language Services team .
The Language Services team was responsible for the programming languages found in Notes and Domino : Formula Language , LotusScript , Java , and JavaScript .
He wanted me to take over Formula Language , which was the original and most tightly integrated language in the product .
Actually , unlike the other languages , it only existed in Notes and Domino and nowhere else .
If you 've used spreadsheets formulas , it kind of resembles that .
There was no one who " owned " the language , no one who understood how its engine and compiler worked , and Wai Ki's group had only recently taken it over .
It was pretty much an orphaned area of the product , but a very important area nonetheless .
It was used for building view indexes , in Notes and Domino forms for field validation , dynamic rendering , application logic , in macros , in agents , and dozens of other places in the product .
As a template developer I used Formula Language every day .
For certain things it is highly productive , but for others it 's completely unsuitable .
Until Notes 4 it was the ONLY programming language in the product , and even though it was a simple language lacking even the most basic constructs that everyone takes for granted ( like looping ) it was possible to build very powerful applications using just that .
Oddly , writing applications in Lotus Notes and Formula Language was the very first paid thing I did as a software developer .
I started with Lotus Notes V3 in 1995 during my first college internship at a software engineering group at IBM in Charlotte .
They used Notes internally and I was put to work on the internal Notes applications , maintaining existing ones and writing new ones as needed .
Then I worked as a consultant , writing custom Notes applications for mostly Fortune 500 companies .
I became so good at it ( and sick of consulting ) that I went to work at Iris to develop some of the templates that ship with the product .
So it seemed very strange that I would get offered the job of taking over a language that only a few years before I was using just like millions of other customers , I 'm still not sure how I got from one to the other .
No one on the language services team , or even at Iris , understood the runtime engine internals completely , also known as " Compute " ( the compile / decompiler was called " Compile " , great names eh ? ) .
There was no documentation , the code was barely commented , many variables had one and two character names , wild pointer arithmetic was everywhere and not even the stored byte code format the compiler produced was documented .
Bugs were piling up and there was no one to fix them .
On top of that the engine was becoming a bottleneck for server performance , particularly for building view indexes .
The engine needed to be rewritten from the ground up , it needed to be made maintainable , it needed to be faster , and it needed to be completely backwards compatible ..
So here was I was , offered this position that I clearly was n't qualified for .
I had no experience with language runtimes or compilers , I knew very little about C and did n't know anything about C++ , I had never dealt with platform byte ordering and packing and all the other issues associated with writing something for eight different operating systems , I had never even used proper version control .
But none of that mattered to me .
It seemed to me like an amazing opportunity and I would be doing exactly the kind of stuff I enjoy most .
I would n't be bothered all day by marketing folks asking could the forms be mauve , I would n't have to worry about the wording of some field label on some feature that no one even knew how to get to , I would n't have to deal with icons that were too Anglo - Saxon , too masculine or too feminine , I would n't have to worry that some important VP wanted a new button that would confuse 90 % of users .
I would just write code .
So I said yes .
To this day I do n't know what possessed Wai Ki to offer me the job .
It does n't make sense really .
I can't help but wonder if I was thrown into the fire just because they thought I could n't do it , that I 'd try it , fail miserably and go back to the template team .
Maybe , or maybe he thought I would really be able to do it , maybe he saw something in me .
All I know is that I was terrified .
I knew the odds were far against me , and if I failed it would be because I was n't good enough .
I could n't blame anybody but myself .
But still I said yes , I was going to give it my best shot .
I remember talking with friend that overheard a very senior engineer saying I did n't have any real chance of pulling it off , that the old engine was very optimized and mature and was nearly fast as could be reasonably expected .
Another engineer who had done a little work with the engine told me I had a very difficult task ahead , and if I pulled it off it would be a miracle .
This was the kind of stuff that really motivated me , I love it when people think I 'm going to fail .
It adds one more reason to do it , to prove wrong the people who do n't believe in me .
So I moved my Pee Wee Herman doll and tropical fish lights from the client development area to my new office in the server development area and I immediately got to work on the backlog bug queue .
See , even though I was supposed to eventually rewrite the engine for the R6 , the engine in R5 was buggy as shit .
There were crashes and weird behaviors all the time , but since nobody " owned " the engine , no one fixed the bugs .
The bugs often were n't reproducible and the code was tricky .
It 's not like there were n't people qualified to fix the bugs , but there simply were n't enough GOOD people to fix the bugs .
And for most of the bugs , you had to spend a lot of time learning the engine before you could make heads or tails of the code , which as I said before was notoriously terse and hard to understand .
Iris was a lot like most engineering organizations , most of the good work was done by handful of talented people , the others often produced barely functional crap that would need to be cleaned up someday .
So since the all the good engineers were working on other bugs and features already , the engine got neglected .
Plus no one wanted to do it .
So I started on the bugs and I picked the easiest ones first .
It was slow going as I did n't know C very well and I did n't know the Visual C++ debugger at all .
Really it was pretty damn painful .
But I spent my first couple of months just on the bugs , and I learned C and I learned the engine and I learned the joys of rampant pointer arithmetic and two letter variable names and no comments .
I still remember those first weeks , it seemed like I looked at the code all day and dreamt about it all night .
My brain seemed like it was rewiring itself so that it could understand what was going on .
I learned slowly at first , then faster .
Eventually I could actually look at the code and read what it was doing instead of slowly trying to figure it out it line by line .
So I spent the first four months just learning and fixing .
Sometimes I 'd cause regressions , especially early on .
At one point I made so many mistakes that the build team talked to Wai Ki about me , I was slowing them down and if I kept it up they would take away my code submission privileges .
I 'd have to get my work reviewed by someone else for each code submission .
So I learned to get much more careful and thorough , and eventually I cleared out a rather large backlog of bugs without unleashing total chaos .
I had accomplished step one .
After I cleared all the bugs out , it was time to start rewriting the engine .
The first thing I did was make clear documentation of the compiled format for the formula language byte code , down to the individual byte .
Then I decided on the design for the new engine in my head , presented it to Wai Ki on a white board in my office explaining high level architecture and what it would accomplish .
It was nothing like the old engine .
Where the old engine was naive and slow , the new engine was going to be slick and efficient .
And the new architecture would allow for all sorts of constructs that simply were n't possible in the old engine .
For example an embarrassingly simple thing like looping was n't possible with the old engine , it just was n't .
It went against its whole architecture .
My new architecture was profoundly different and quite ambitious .
Now you might think that I produced a bunch of design documents and specifications and presented them to the various senior engineers and architects , but I did n't .
I remember being surprised by this myself .
Even Wai
Ki did n't have much to say about my design or how it should be implemented .
The philosophy was that if I did those things , everyone would meddle with the design and nothing would get done .
It 's truly easier to ask forgiveness than to ask permission , not to mention things get done a lot faster if you just do them .
It sounds weird , but that was big part of the culture at Iris .
Just get it done and do it right , do whatever it takes .
So that 's the way I worked , I was just going to go headfirst into it , damn the torpedoes .
Since most new areas of the product were being written in C++ , I decide also to write the new engine in C ++.
I started reading Bjarne Stroustrup 's The C++ Programming Language .
I only got about one third through the book before I decided that I understood as much as I could without actually coding , and so I started coding .
At first I did n't really know what I was doing , it was such slow going I probably only wrote about 1,000 lines of code the first month .
I asked other engineers really dumb C++ questions , the kind of questions someone asks when they do n't even know what 's important .
I would often get puzzled looks , not because the questions where so dumb , but because some guy who 's rewriting the core language of a mature product like Lotus Notes should know the answers to those questions .
But I slogged on .
At one point I realized that I had written a large part of the code all wrong , that I was trying to use C++ in the wrong way ( a very easy thing to do ) , and I had to throw away most of the code I had written .
Near the beginning of the project , Wai Ki and I set milestones for my work .
Actually , he just asked me the order I was going to do things and then how long each thing would take .
I just made uneducated guesses at the tasks and their completion times and he wrote them down .
For some reason I really thought I needed to meet that self - made schedule , I had said that 's what I was going to do and dammit I was going to do it .
At one point early on I became panicked , I thought not only there was no way my engine would be complete by the R6 feature deadline and the product would ship without it , I was scared to death that the new engine would never really work , that there was going to be some fatal flaw in my design that made it fundamentally incompatible with the old engine , or the new engine was going to be slower and hence useless .
But through all this Wai Ki seemed to have unflagging confidence in me , he calmly told me that I just need to take my time , do it right and not get so stressed .
At one point I was in his office talking about the all the work and how behind I was and how everything looked bleak , and the longer I talked the higher and louder the pitch of my voice got .
He told me I was " freaking out , " to which I replied , " Yes ! YES ! .... I'M FREAKING OUT !!!"
But it was his calmness and confidence in me that gave me the courage to throw away large chunks of work when I saw it was bad .
See , if I was panicked about it , then I 'd have kept the shitty code around in a wrong - headed attempt to just get something built and worry about all the problems later , which is a very bad thing to do .
So I kept at it .
It took me nearly six months to produce about 8,000 lines of code .
The new engine had a lot of architecture to be built , there was engine startup and shutdown , reading and validating the byte code , formula optimization analysis and building the computation structures , memory and resource management , interfacing with various contexts in the product , the error handling model , variable scope resolution , and making all the internals object oriented so the individual @function and operators could be written easily and clearly ( and no pointer arithmetic , I abstracted it all away ) .
During this time I made some very unconventional decisions , the kind that taken in isolation sound crazy , but when combined into a complete architecture make good sense .
It took six months to write enough code so the engine could actually run a formula .
I was a couple of months behind my arbitrary schedule but I finally had something .
I remember the point at which there was nothing else to write to actually run the engine , it was a surreal moment , I felt like there was no way I actually could have reached that point , but somehow I did .
Once the new engine was to a point where it could actually run , I needed to find something to test it out .
I needed to see if it could actually run real formulas and if it was as fast as the old engine and could produce the same results .
So I picked the most commonly run formulas I could find ; the view formulas for the All Documents view in Notes mail .
These were the formulas that got run for every mail message that gets delivered in Notes mail .
I implemented all the operators and @ Functions used in the formulas so it could run in the new engine .
I still remember that day I turned it on and turned it loose on a Notes mail file , the day my new engine truly came to life and did something useful .
I ran the new engine and the old against the same mail file , and compared the results .
The computation results were byte for byte identical , and much to my amazement , the new engine was just barely slower than the old engine .
This was very good news because the old engine had been tuned and tweaked years ago for optimal performance , even I had recently added to the old engine 's performance during my bug fixing phase when I found some inefficiencies that had crept in .
So here was my brand new untuned engine , hot off the presses and keeping up with the old , and I was a proud papa .
I was so excited I could barely sleep that first night I got it running , because I knew the next day I was going to start profiling the new code and find its slow spots .
I expected to get the new engine to be maybe 50 % faster than the old , and I would have succeeded .
I would have built something faster , I would have done something that extremely smart and well - respected engineers said could n't be done .
I profiled the engine , found the hotspots and destroyed them .
They say you 'll always be surprised by what the profiler shows , and I remember that I was .
But one by one I picked off the hotspots , the easiest , most obvious ones first and then the trickier ones .
And something amazing happened , the new engine was n't just faster , it was a shitload faster ( shitload is an engineering term meaning great amount ) .
The measurable performance gain was 300 % faster ( I would later discover it was even faster when running in other contexts ) .
I was very excited , I could barely believe what I had done .
I checked and rechecked to make sure I was right .
Everything pointed to the new engine being blazingly faster .
It felt like I worked a miracle , I was giddy as school girl .
It took me six months from starting coding to getting the engine to this point , to getting it to 8,000 lines of code that just had minimal functionality , the job was n't even close to being complete .
I had to rewrite the over 200 remaining @functions and operators before I could check the new engine into the daily build .
I remember I had a big paper list of @ Functions I worked from , and as I rewrote each one to work with the new engine I crossed it off my list .
This part went so fast I barely remember anything from this two month period .
I woke and coded and coded all day everyday .
It was like I was on autopilot , my brain felt like a machine .
Each @function I completed was like a hit of a drug and I was a junkie looking for the next fix .
It 's all a blur now , the code all runs together in my memory .
It took me just over two months to complete , but when it was done I had written over 15,000 more lines of code .
During the six months writing the first 8000 lines , I produced an average of around 60 lines a day .
During that two month period my production had jumped to around 350 lines a day .
Of course it was a lot easier to write that code , I did n't have to worry about architectural issues much , just individual @functions .
Once I had the new engine completely rewritten and working on a side branch I ran it for about two weeks with it as my primary mail client .
Then we ran it on several production Iris mail servers .
This was a great test of code .
At Iris we always ran experimental code on the production mail servers .
You find so many bugs that way because it 's a real world production environment .
I was on call constantly , when the production servers went down I was usually the first on the scene debugging the problem .
If it was my bug I 'd fix it and rebuild and reload it on the server , if it was someone else 's they 'd fix it and put it into the daily build and I 'd pick up the changes the following day .
When everything was fairly stable , I checked - in the new engine code in late August of 2000 .
I was actually ahead of schedule .
Lots of problems were found and I fixed them as soon as they came in .
Some were crash bugs , some where incompatibilities with the old engine , some were just plain weirdness .
But soon the problems slowed to a trickle and found myself with very little to do .
That 's when I started adding all the new stuff that I wanted to add to the engine .
I remember I posted a question to a forum dedicated for professionals who worked with Notes and Domino ( The Business Partner Technical Forum ) , and I asked what sorts of features they would want to see in the new engine .
That question got over a thousand replies .
Some of the requests where reasonable , some where stupid , some I just did n't understand .
But I read each and every one and tried my best to consider them .
In all when I was done adding all the new enhancements , the total code base had swelled to over 30,000 lines .
And through all this the new formula engine continued to get tested .
The new engine was pretty reliable from the get - go , it very rarely crashed and when it did I relentlessly hunted down the cause until it was found and fixed .
After about the first six months there were pretty much no crash bugs at all , almost all the bugs that came in after that point were slight incompatibilities with the old engine .
More often than not , the old engine had it wrong , it had some indefensible behavior that was clearly not what was intended and often the formulas that relied on these behaviors did so unintentionally .
It 's like two wrongs making a right , but regardless if the old engine was wrong or right , the new had to have the same broken behavior .
In software we call that being " bugward compatible " .
It sucks , and I absolutely hated that I had to go in and purposely mess up my carefully crafted , elegant code but that 's what I had to do .
That 's necessary for a truly stable and backwards compatible product .
I remember when the Microsoft Windows source code got leaked on the net and somebody had searched all the code for expletives .
There were tons of angry comments like this : and : I completely understand why the coders put in comments like that , because you feel like it 's your job to ruin your own beautiful creation because someone else was n't smart enough to use an API correctly , so you vent .
I think I left at least one nasty comment like that on a bad day , but I felt like that much more than once .
Notes and Domino 6 was eventually released more than a year later than originally anticipated .
Had I known , my schedule probably would n't have been so aggressive , but it was a good thing for the new engine because it got so much more real world beta testing .
I had already left IBM before the final release , but I kept tabs on what was going on and the new engine was a big success .
While a couple of serious but rare backward compatibility bugs were found and fixed after release , the new engine was very solid , as far as I know it never crashes .
The thing I really liked was getting feedback from people who coded Notes applications exclusively using Formula Language .
There is a large population of developers who never bothered to learn more structured languages .
They would tell me how all the new features made their job so much easier , and they could now build applications they could n't before .
Of course lots of people liked that I just made the language more powerful so they did n't have to use those other languages .
I loved that my work got many of these people excited to upgrade to Notes 6 and that it played a part in making Notes 6 a big success .
Many people make their living building Notes applications , and they bet everyday on us .
I wanted to make those people right , I wanted them to be successful because they believed in us and the product , and I felt like I helped make that happen .
Rewriting the Formula Engine was only one of the things I did during R6 development , I actually spent less than half my time on it .
I also took over unread marks and developed the now patented unread mark replication system .
Unread marks are a simple thing in concept , but in reality they are very difficult thing to do correctly , particularly in a distributed system .
Before my work on them they were very much broken , with both flawed implementation and flawed design .
I also spent many months during crunch time working on the Database Team fixing bugs and performance problems .
These were some of the hardest bugs I had ever faced , frequently we had no reproducible scenario , just a memory and stack dump , sometimes not even that .
But just because a bug was n't reproducible did n't mean we could ignore it .
I spent countless hours pouring over hundreds of thousands of lines of code , trying to find the code flaw that would later crash the system .
For some reason I really enjoyed it , I learned a great deal about how to write and debug high performance server and database code .
Just to see if I could do it , I set a goal for myself that every week I would try to fix more database bugs than any other member of the team .
This was a private goal , not something shared with the team , but it was something to keep it really challenging for me .
More often than not I met that goal , and the faster I got , the tougher the bugs the database team gave me .
Eventually I got one bug that had been crashing servers for six months , but remained unfound .
It had stymied at least three other engineers before me , but I do n't give up easily .
I probably spent 80 hours on that bug alone , but I found and fixed it .
It was really a lot of fun , but I 'm weird like that .
My time at Iris during R6 was the best I 've ever had in my professional career , almost every day was a new challenge and game to play .
But ultimately IBM killed Iris .
In late 2001 IBM folded Iris Associates and converted all the employees to IBM .
All the energy the Iris building had was seeping out .
Really it was more pushed out by the BS that IBM management kept trying to sell us , like that nothing important would change and you 'd still be able to work unfettered .
Yeah right , just ask anyone who still works there how much time they spend battling bureaucracy vs. writing code .
But such is big corporate management , they do n't even realize how much they 're damaging things , they are essentially politicians not engineers .
It 's sad , but I 'm grateful for the time I had at Iris anyway , if it was still there I 'd go back in a second .
Update :
My follow - up can be found here
Mike Libby uses the carapaces of real insects to create tiny , mechanical works of art .
They look like they could be part of a new insect - driven A.I .
Not only does Libby 's work adorn a new anthology of speculative writing from Tachyon Press called The New Weird , but he has upcoming shows you can check out in Boston and Philly .
A few more bugs ( and one arachnid ) lurk below .
Advertisement
These remind me of the clockwork insects in Guillermo Del Toro 's movie Cronos .
Advertisement
Libby works in a studio he calls " Insect Lab , " and he describes it thusly :
Insect Lab is an artist studio that customizes real insects with antique watch parts and electronic components .
Offering specimens that come in many shapes , sizes and colors ; each insect is individually adorned , each is one of a kind and unique .
Insect Lab [ Artist 's Site ]
Iranian speedboats reportedly menaced U.S. warships in the Strait of Hormuz on Jan .
6 .
Since then , the United States has gone to great lengths to emphasize the threat posed by Iran to U.S. forces in the strait — and , by extension , to the transit of oil from the Persian Gulf region .
The revelation of an Iranian threat in the Strait of Hormuz was very helpful to the United States , coming as it did just before U.S. President George W. Bush 's trip to the region .
Washington will use the incident to push for an anti-Iranian coalition among the Gulf Arabs , as well as to push Iran into publicly working with the United States on the Iraq problem .
According to U.S. reports and a released video , a substantial number of Iranian speedboats approached a three - ship U.S. naval convoy moving through the strait near Iranian territory Jan .
6 . ( Word of the incident first began emerging Jan. 7 . )
In addition , the United States reported receiving a threatening message from the boats .
Following the incident , the United States began to back away from the claim that the Iranians had issued threats , saying that the source of the transmission might have been hecklers who coincidentally transmitted threats as the Iranian boats maneuvered among the U.S. ships .
Shore - based harassing transmissions are not uncommon in the region , or in other parts of the world for that matter , especially when internationally recognized bridge - to - bridge frequencies are used .
And it is difficult if not impossible to distinguish the source of a transmission during a short , intense incident such as this .
The combination of Iranian craft in close proximity to U.S. warships and the transmission , regardless of the source , undoubtedly increased the sense of danger .
Two things are interesting .
First , the probability of a disciplined Iranian attack — and , by U.S. Navy accounts , the Iranian action was disciplined — being preceded by a warning is low .
The Iranians were not about to give away the element of surprise , which would have been essential for an effective attack .
While the commander on the scene does not have the luxury we have of dismissing the transmission out of hand — in fact , the commander must assume the worst — its existence decreases the likelihood of an attack .
Attacking ships need every second they can get to execute their mission ; had the Iranians been serious , they would have wanted to appear as nonthreatening as possible for as long as possible .
Second , the U.S. ships did not open fire .
We do not know the classified rules of engagement issued to U.S. ship captains operating in the Strait of Hormuz , but the core guidance of those rules is that a captain must protect his ship and crew from attack at all times .
Particularly given the example of the USS Cole , which was attacked by a speedboat in a Yemeni harbor , it is difficult for us to imagine a circumstance under which a ship captain in the U.S.
Navy would not open fire if the Iranian boats already represented a significant threat .
Spokesmen for the 5th Fleet said Jan. 13 that the U.S. ships were going through the process of determining the threat and preparing to fire when the Iranians disengaged and disappeared .
That would indicate that speed , distance and bearing were not yet at a point that required a response , and that therefore the threat level had not yet risen to the redline .
Absent the transition to a threat , it is not clear that this incident would have risen above multiple encounters between U.S. warships and Iranian boats in the tight waters of Hormuz .
The New York Times carried a story Jan. 12 , clearly leaked to it by the Pentagon , giving some context for U.S. concerns .
According to the story , the United States had carried out war games attempting to assess the consequences of a swarming attack by large numbers of speedboats carrying explosives and suicide crews .
The results of the war games were devastating .
In a game carried out in 2002 , the U.S. Navy lost 16 major warships , including an aircraft carrier , cruisers and amphibious ships — all in attacks lasting 5 - 10 minutes .
Fleet defenses were overwhelmed by large numbers of small , agile speedboats , some armed with rockets and other weapons , but we assume most operated as manned torpedoes .
The decision to reveal the results of the war game clearly were intended to lend credibility to the Bush administration 's public alarm at the swarming tactics .
It raises the issue of why the U.S. warships did n't open fire , given that the war game must have resulted in some very aggressive rules of engagement against Iranian speedboats in the Strait of Hormuz .
But more important , it reveals something about the administration 's thinking in the context of Bush 's trip to the region and the controversial National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) on Iran 's nuclear program .
A huge controversy has emerged over the NIE , with many arguing that it was foisted on the administration against its will .
Our readers know that this was not our view , and it is still not our view .
Bush 's statements on the NIE were consistent .
First , he did not take issue with it .
Second , he continues to regard Iran as a threat .
In traveling to the Middle East , one of his purposes is to create a stronger anti-Iranian coalition among the Arab states on the Arabian Peninsula .
The nuclear threat was not a sufficient glue to create this coalition .
For a host of reasons ranging from U.S. intelligence failures in Iraq to the time frame of an Iranian nuclear threat , a nuclear program was simply not seen as a credible basis for fearing Iran 's actions in the region .
The states of the Arabian Peninsula were much more afraid of U.S. attacks against Iran than they were of Iranian nukes in five or 10 years .
The Strait of Hormuz is another matter .
Approximately 40 percent of the region 's oil wealth flows through the strait .
During the Iran - Iraq war of the 1980s , the tanker war , in which oil tankers moving through the Persian Gulf came under attack from aircraft , provided a sideshow .
This not only threatened the flow of oil but also drove shipping insurance rates through the roof .
The United States convoyed tankers , but the tanker war remains a frightening memory in the region .
The tanker war was trivial compared with the threat the United States rolled out last week .
The Strait of Hormuz is the chokepoint through which Persian Gulf oil flows .
Close the strait and it does n't flow .
With oil near $ 100 a barrel , closing the Strait of Hormuz would raise the price — an understatement of the highest order .
We have no idea what the price of oil would be if the strait were closed .
Worse , the countries shipping through the strait would not get any of that money .
At $ 100 a barrel , closing the Strait of Hormuz would take an economic triumph and turn it into a disaster for the very countries the United States wants to weld into an effective anti-Iranian coalition .
The revelation of a naval threat from Iran in the Strait of Hormuz just before the president got on board Air Force
One for his trip to the region was fortuitous , to say the least .
The Iranians insisted that there was nothing unusual about the incident , and Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini said that " Some political factions in the U.S. are pursuing adventurism to help Bush to spread Iran - phobia in the region .
U.S. officials should apologize to Iran , regional countries and the American people . "
This probably wo n't happen , but he undoubtedly will be grateful that the Iranians said there was nothing out of the ordinary about the incident .
If this incident was routine , and if the U.S. war games have any predictive ability , it means that the Iranians are staging routine incidents , any one of which could lead to a military confrontation in the strait .
Bush undoubtedly will be distributing the Iranian statement at each of his stops .
Leaving aside the politics for a moment , the Iranian naval threat is a far more realistic , immediate and devastating threat to regional interests than the nuclear threat ever was .
Building an atomic weapon was probably beyond Iran 's capabilities , while just building a device — an unwieldy and delicate system that would explode under controlled circumstances — was years away .
In contrast , the naval threat in the Strait of Hormuz is within Iran 's reach right now .
Success is far from a slam dunk considering the clear preponderance of power in favor of U.S. naval forces , but it is not a fantasy strategy by any means .
And its consequences are immediate and affect the Islamic states in ways that a nuclear strike against Israel does n't .
Getting the Saudis to stand against Iran over an attack against Israel is a reach , regardless of the threat .
Getting the Saudis worked up over cash flow while oil prices are near all - time highs does not need a great deal of persuading .
Whatever happened in the strait Jan. 6 , Bush has arrived in the region with a theme of widespread regional interest : keeping the Strait of Hormuz open in the face of a real threat .
We are not certain that a Nimitz - class aircraft carrier could be sunk using small swarming ships .
But we are certain that the strait could be closed or made too dangerous for tankers for at least a short period .
And we know that , as in land warfare , finding the bases that are launching ships as small as speedboats would be tough .
This threat had substance .
By dropping the Iranian nuclear threat and shifting to the threat to the strait , Bush moves the Iran issue from being one involving the United States and Israel to being one that excludes Israel but involves every oil producer in the region .
None of them wants this to happen , and all of them must take the threat seriously .
If it can establish the threat , the United States goes from being an advocate against Iran to being the guarantor of very real Arab interests .
And if the price Arabs must pay for the United States to keep the strait open is helping shut down the jihadist threat in Iraq , that is a small price indeed .
This puts Iran in a tough position .
Prior to the issuance of the NIE , the Iranians had shifted some of their policies on Iraq .
The decline in violence in Iraq is partly because of the surge , but it also is because Iran has cut back on some of the things it used to do , particularly supporting Shiite militias with weapons and money and urging them to attack Sunnis .
It also is clear that the limits it had imposed on some of the Iraqi Shiite politicians in the latter 's dealings with their Sunni counterparts have shifted .
The new law allowing Baath Party members to return to public life could not possibly have been passed without Iranian acquiescence .
Clearly , Iran has changed its actions in Iraq as the United States has changed its stance on Iranian nuclear weapons .
But Iran shied away from reaching an open accommodation with the United States over Iraq following the NIE .
Factional splits in Iran are opening up as elections approach , and while the Iranians have shifted their behavior , they have not shifted their public position .
The United States sees a shift of Iran 's public position as crucial in order to convince Iraqi factions , particularly all of the Shiite parties , to move toward a political conclusion .
Reining in militias is great , but Washington wants and needs the final step .
The NIE shift , which took the nuclear issue off the table , was not enough to do it .
By raising the level of tension over a real threat — and one that has undebatable regional consequences — the United States is hoping to shape the internal political discussion in Iran toward an open participation in reshaping Iraq .
Iran does n't want to take this step for three good reasons .
First , it wants to keep its options open .
It does not trust the United States not to use a public accord over Iraq as a platform to increase U.S. influence in Iraq and increase the threat to Iran .
Second , Tehran has a domestic political problem .
In the same way that Bush saw an avalanche of protest from his supporters over the NIE , the Iranians will see resistance to open collaboration .
Finally , the Iranians are not sure they need a public agreement .
From their point of view , they have delivered on Iraq , the United States has delivered on the NIE and things are moving in a satisfactory direction .
Why go public ?
The American desire to show the Iraqi Shia that Iran has publicly abandoned the quest for a Shiite Iraq does n't do Iran a bit of good .
The Iranians have used the construction of what we might call a guerrilla navy as a lever with the United States and as a means to divide the United States from the Arabs .
The Iranians ' argument to the Arabs has been , " If the United States pushes us too far , we will close the strait .
Therefore , keep the Americans from pushing us too far . "
The Americans have responded by saying that the Iranians now have the ability to close the Strait of Hormuz , potentially regardless of what the U.S. Navy does .
Therefore , unless the Arabs want to be at the mercy of Iran , they must join the United States in an anti-Iranian coalition that brings Iran under control .
In its wooing of the Arabs , Washington will emphasize just how out of control the Iranians are , pointing out that Tehran is admitting that the kind of harassment seen Jan. 6 is routine .
One day — and the day will be chosen by Iran — this will all get really out of hand .
The Iranians have a great deal to gain from having the ability to close the strait , but very little from actually closing it .
The United States is putting Iran in a position such that the Gulf Arabs will be asking Tehran for assurances that Iran will not take any action .
The Iranians will give assurances , setting the stage for a regional demand that the Iranians disperse their speedboats , which are purely offensive weapons of little defensive purpose .
The United States , having simplified the situation for the Iranians with the NIE and not gotten the response it wanted , now is complicating the situation again with a completely new framework — a much more effective framework than the previous one it used .
In the end , this is n't about the Strait of Hormuz .
Iran is n't going to take on the U.S. Navy , and the Navy is n't quite as vulnerable as it claims — and therefore , the United States obviously is not nearly as trigger - happy as it would like to project .
Washington has played a strong card .
The issue now is whether it can get Iran into a public resolution over Iraq .
The Iranians appear on board with the private solution .
They do n't seem eager for a public one .
The anti-Iranian coalition might strengthen , but as clever as this U.S. maneuver is , it will not bring the Iranians public .
For that , more concessions in Iraq are necessary .
More to the point , for a public accommodation , the " Great Satan " and the charter member of the " Axis of Evil " need to make political adjustments in their public portrayal of one another — hard to do in two countries facing election years .
Tell George what you think Start receiving Free intelligence reports now !
Diabetes is managed with regular insulin injections
The mice , who had type 1 diabetes , started producing their own insulin after taking a mixture of four drugs .
Previously the same team at Harvard University had only been able to stop the destruction of the cells which make insulin , not regenerate them .
But in a study reported in the New Scientist , they say adding another drug to the original cocktail did just that .
They now hope to start trials in humans .
Type 1 diabetes is usually managed through regular injections of insulin and until now , research into a cure has focused on transplanting the pancreatic beta cells which produce the hormone from donors .
However this is complicated - both because of the difficulty in finding a donor and the problems of rejection - so regenerating a person 's own cells is seen as far better option .
Extra enzyme
Last year , Dr Terry Strom and his team demonstrated that they could stop the on - going destruction of insulin - producing beta cells in mice using a combination of three drugs , although they were unable to regenerate the cells .
It is exciting that these drugs could stop the immune system from attacking insulin - producing cells , but it is too early to tell whether these cells recovered in the mice or if new cells were produced
Iain Frame
Diabetes UK
However , when they added an extra ingredient - an enzyme called alpha 1 anti-trypsin - a significant rise in the number of beta cells was seen .
It is thought this extra drug may ease the inflammation of pancreas , a key feature of the disease .
" It would appear that by altering the inflammatory state that surrounds this autoimmune disease , you can create an environment that enables expansion of the beta cell mass , " said Dr Strom .
He added that it was too early to say whether the beta cells which had stopped making insulin had recovered , or whether new ones were being produced .
Dr Iain Frame , director of research at Diabetes UK said : " This could potentially be very important research in finding a better treatment for diabetes .
" More research is needed as initial studies have only been conducted in mice , but Diabetes UK is pleased that clinical trials are planned and look forward to hearing the results . "
Organisations often introduce Best Practices as part of a change program or quality initiative .
These can take a number of forms , from " cook books " and cheat sheets to full - blown consultant - led methodologies , complete with the requisite auditing and accreditation .
This article introduces the Dreyfus learning model to challenge the strategy of naively applying Best Practices , and shows how they can not only fail to help , but even have a severe negative impact on your top performers .
The motivation for Best Practices
People implementing a business change program usually have good reasons for rolling out Best Practices across their organisation .
They ensure consistency .
We are introducing [ insert initiative ] and we want to ensure that everyone goes about it the same way .
We do n't want to abandon people without offering them any direction and the alternative would be chaos .
.
We are introducing [ insert initiative ] and we want to ensure that everyone goes about it the same way .
We do n't want to abandon people without offering them any direction and the alternative would be chaos .
They support learning .
We are trying to get everyone up to speed on this new approach with the minimum of fuss , and having a standard set of well - structured material means people can see exactly what they have to do , and ideally how well they are adapting .
.
We are trying to get everyone up to speed on this new approach with the minimum of fuss , and having a standard set of well - structured material means people can see exactly what they have to do , and ideally how well they are adapting .
They help limit ( potential ) impact or damage .
( Now we are starting to see their true colours . )
In any organisation there 's a bell curve of people 's abilities , and we know that a small but significant number of people will be at the wrong end of it .
Implementing this program badly could leave us exposed to significant financial or legal business risks , so we 're going to need very clearly defined practices to protect ourselves .
They are called Best Practices because they are tried and tested so I can be reasonably sure they are going to work .
. ( Now we are starting to see their true colours . )
In any organisation there 's a bell curve of people 's abilities , and we know that a small but significant number of people will be at the wrong end of it .
Implementing this program badly could leave us exposed to significant financial or legal business risks , so we 're going to need very clearly defined practices to protect ourselves .
They are called Best Practices because they are tried and tested so I can be reasonably sure they are going to work .
They help to build a more mobile and flexible workforce .
In these fast - moving times , projects can materialise or be cancelled almost overnight .
People move between project teams , projects move between offices , countries or timezones .
With all our people trained up to use the same Best Practices we - and they - have many more options in terms of career mobility .
We call it " commoditising resources " .
.
In these fast - moving times , projects can materialise or be cancelled almost overnight .
People move between project teams , projects move between offices , countries or timezones .
With all our people trained up to use the same Best Practices we - and they - have many more options in terms of career mobility .
We call it " commoditising resources " .
They allow us to enforce control .
In a large , hierarchical organisation , this is the real crux of the matter .
A division manager or vice president may well be responsible for thousands of people .
The only way to provide accountability on that scale is to have a system of clearly - defined and strongly - enforced Best Practices .
In other words , best practices are used as a device to manage risk .
The nature of risk
Related Sponsored Content The DevOps Engineer 's Guide to Kubernetes Configurations Best Practices
Risk is an interesting phenomenon .
In business terms , " risk " usually means the probability of things going wrong .
We assign a likelihood ( high , medium or low ; percentage points ; statistical quantiles ) to various events we are concerned about .
But what is risk other than a formalisation of fear ?
We consider things we fear as risky , and similarly we are less concerned ( i.e. associate less risk ) with things we do n't fear .
In other words , with apologies to George Lucas :
Fear leads to Risk
Risk leads to Process
Process leads to Hate ( and meetings , and Gantt charts )
Now fear comes in two flavours , namely rational and irrational .
Rational fear is healthy and useful .
Lions are bad .
Fire is hot .
Trucks hurt .
This is fear based on good information , either wired in via evolution or learned through cultural or individual development .
Irrational fear is the source of prejudices , phobias and knee - jerk reactions .
The earth is flat and you 'll die if you go over the edge .
Hanging up dead rats by their tails wards off the plague .
Putting coconut shells on your ears makes the freight aeroplane appear .
The problem is that from the inside they both appear the same .
The sense of fear of spiders is no less intense or real to an arachnophobe than the sense of fear of a lion .
At a basic level , most fear is irrational , especially in a business context .
If a system is delivered late , in most cases no - one is actually going to die .
You probably wo n't even risk injury or go hungry .
At worst you might get a slightly critical review .
Pretty much all the software you are using in your everyday life - the office suite you use at work , the games console at home , the browser you are reading this article with - it 's likely that all of these were delivered late .
And not working properly .
And there was a hotfix / service pack / automatic update that appeared a few days or weeks later to fix some glaring functional omission or security hole .
Or it still has n't appeared but your vendor is keeping you blissfully unaware of how exposed your phone / computer / console is right now .
Rational fear is good - it stops us getting killed .
We should embrace it and cherish it as a guardian of our well - being .
Irrational fear is just a drag , but fortunately we have a strategy for dealing with it :
Because irrational fear comes from ignorance , we can learn our way out of it !
Introducing the Dreyfus Model
In the late 1970s two brothers spent some time exploring the nature of learning .
They were interested in the nascent discipline of Artificial Intelligence , and they wanted to program a computer to learn a non-trivial skill like playing chess .
It turned out there was very little by way of established knowledge around learning , certainly nothing they could use as the basis for a computer program , so they set about researching the learning process themselves .
The result was the Dreyfus Model of Skills Acquisition , which describes how people go from being brand new at something to being able to do it quite literally without thinking .
There are many models of learning and acquiring skills , but there are a couple of things that makes the Dreyfus model stand out .
Firstly , it is based on real evidence and experience , and has been proven to work .
( It was used to great effect in the early 1980s when the US health service was facing a nursing crisis - http://tinyurl.com/32afwt)
Secondly , it is n't just a passive observation of development .
It also describes what people respond to at each stage and therefore how to help them grow .
When you start learning a new skill , you do n't have any understanding of context yet so you require specific direction .
In other words , you have no instinct and you have to be told what to do .
As your contextual awareness increases , your need for direction diminishes .
In fact you could consider the nurturing of this awareness as fundamental to skills acquisition .
The Dreyfus model divides the learning process into five distinct stages or levels :
A Novice needs detailed instructions - step - by - step recipes .
Novices can't tell whether the instructions are working or not or which ones are important because they have no context to assess them against .
Because of this the novice wants frequent quick wins and regular feedback .
A good recipe book has plenty of pictures and lots of reassuring messages .
An Advanced Beginner is familiar with the basic steps - the individual tasks - and can put sequences of them together .
The advanced beginner is still very much task - oriented rather than goal - oriented , but they are starting to get some perspective .
This is the stage at which a learner is most dangerous - they know enough to think they know more , but not enough to keep themselves out of trouble !
Toddlers are advanced beginners at lots of things .
With experience , an advanced beginner becomes Competent .
At the competent level they are goal - oriented - they can figure out a sequence of tasks to accomplish a goal .
It might not be the best sequence , but it will usually work .
Competent people like to be given a goal and then to be trusted to achieve it .
Conversely you can upset a competent person by trying to give them detailed instructions - rather like back - seat driving .
Most people do n't get beyond the competent level at most skills , even those they use in their everyday work .
This is a basic human trait - we do n't like to expend energy once we have achieved an outcome , and for most activities the outcome is simply getting the job done .
At the Proficient level solutions start to " just appear " , usually fully - formed , in the person 's mind .
They have developed enough of an instinct to firstly pick out the salient details of a situation , and then to match them to their bank of prior experience .
A proficient person wants to understand the wider context of their actions , and enjoys metaphor and maxims ( and their counterpart in anti-patterns ) .
They will still refer back to their rule - based training to verify their actions , but by this stage they are learning to trust their own judgement .
Where the progression from Novice to Competent is fairly linear , the transition to Proficient represents a step change .
For a start , it has to be an active choice .
You can become competent at something just by doing it enough times , but you have to want to become proficient .
As with the transition from competent to proficient , the transition to Expert is also non-linear .
It may take many years of dedicated effort to become an expert in a particular discipline .
These people work almost entirely from instinct , and are rarely wrong .
An expert lives in a world of ambiguity .
She takes a pride in her ability and likes to calibrate and brush up on her skills by spending time with other experts .
Interestingly , people at more junior levels tend to overstate their ability , and those at the higher levels are more modest .
When worlds collide
An unfortunate characteristic of an expert is that they are unable to explain their decision - making process .
This makes sense when you consider they are operating on autopilot : the solution is being presented to them , fully - formed , by their unconscious .
A professional tennis player just " knows " how to return a ball with a topspin .
A professional musician sees their instrument as an extension of themselves rather than as a device they manipulate .
Remember that most people are advanced beginners or competent in most of the things they do , and this is also true in a professional context .
This means an expert programmer - or tester or analyst - will have a boss who is at best competent and most likely an advanced beginner .
( How many project managers do you know who were talented programmers until quite recently ?
The Dreyfus model applies to them too . )
These people are thinking in tasks , or at best in goals made up of an identifiable sequence of tasks .
This frame of reference is not comfortable processing something like " I 've been delivering applications for 15 years and I just know we should n't be using an ESB " .
( There 's that word " just " again . )
Of course the proficient or expert manager would be more than happy with that explanation , and in fact would actively seek out experts to provide them with the instinct - level solutions in the first place - and then vigorously defend their decisions .
Best Practices and the Dreyfus Model
Armed with our novice understanding of the Dreyfus model it 's time to revisit the term Best Practices .
What does the phrase even mean ?
Practices are things you do .
They are specific behaviours and activities .
They are prescriptive .
" Best " is an absolute qualifier ( as opposed to the conditional " better " or the more moderate " quite good " ) .
It is context - independent and unambiguous .
It is a declaration that there are no better practices than these ones .
So by this definition , Best Practices are a set of context - independent , unambiguous , prescriptive activities .
They are the tasks that form the basis of task - based learning .
So how do the different skill levels respond to a model like this ?
Best practices help beginners
The novice needs best practices .
They can't function without them .
Practices show the way - the more detail the better .
The advanced beginner uses best practices .
These help define the edges , the boundaries over which the advanced beginner will doubtless step in their error - prone journey towards competence .
The competent person defines best practices .
Remember , they are goal oriented but still rely on sequences of steps to achieve those goals .
They remember being an advanced beginner .
They remember all the mistakes they made , and they want to protect the next generation of novices from themselves .
More about this later .
Best practices constrain your top people
A proficient person refers back to best practices .
They are learning to trust their instinct but their instinct is n't always enough .
Best practices can be both a help and a hindrance at this stage .
If your instinct is to do something off limits , you stop yourself out of a misplaced loyalty to the written rules .
Finally , the expert simply does n't use best practices , because they do n't use any practices at all !
In fact the expert subverts best practices in order to get work done ( or rather , subverts the policing processes that inevitably accompany best practices ) .
Best practices are a necessary evil that must be lived with but should not be allowed to hold them back .
These last two levels , and especially the expert , can quickly come to resent practice - based initiatives , in exactly the same way that the competent person resents being given task - level detail .
( " Put the red eight there , under the black nine , then you can free up that ace . " ) .
You are n't just back seat driving when you constrain an expert to rules , you are invalidating their hard - won instinct and intuition .
Best practices are driven from the centre
Most practice - based process initiatives come from competent - level people .
I do n't have any statistical evidence for this but I am convinced it is true .
At the competent level , you believe that the mistakes you made at the lower levels must have been down to a lack of rigour or completeness in the description of the tasks you were taught .
If we can only get the practices right , we can get people from novice to competent without all that wasteful stumbling through the advanced beginner stage .
The competent person has n't yet tasted proficiency at this skill ( and remember , you start as a novice at everything , including learning about learning , and learning about teaching ) so they have no reason - or evidence - to trust instinct or intuition .
Whatever the experts are doing , it must be possible to decompose it to a set of repeatable practices - to " de - skill " it - so that our less skilled - and let 's face it , less expensive - people can perform the same tasks .
We could have a small group of experts defining best practices from a Centre of Excellence or Best Practice Group , and we could roll these out across the enterprise .
In this context , " expert " does n't mean expert in the Dreyfus sense , but someone who is very competent .
There is an important distinction here .
A computer such as IBM's Deep Blue that can beat a world grandmaster is not an expert .
It is simply able to cover a vast amount of possible search space very quickly ( The Deep Blue example is considered canonical because chess was the original problem the Dreyfus brothers chose to explore with artificial intelligence , and Deep Blue beating Garry Kasparov in 1997 was obviously a landmark event in computerised chess ) .
In this sense it is very , very competent !
Recent neurological studies showed that experts in a particular field do n't process things faster than non-experts .
Instead they process fewer things .
There is less brain activity in an expert looking at the same problem as a non-expert .
In other words they instinctively pare down the solution space and have a well - developed sense of which parts of it are most likely to yield results .
( The chess computer example comes up a lot because that was the original problem the Dreyfus brothers chose to explore with artificial intelligence , and Deeper Blue beating Garry Kasparov ) .
Better Best Practices
In the context of the Dreyfus model , we can start to establish a more suitable model for propagating knowledge without disempowering our experts - the very people who are the inspiration for the next generation of knowledge workers in your organisation .
Firstly you should provide context , both for the practice and the practitioner .
You can describe the same principle from several angles and at different levels of abstraction depending on the Dreyfus level of your intended audience .
One thing is for certain , you wo n't be able to speak to them all with a single definition of a practice .
Secondly , the practice should be descriptive rather than prescriptive .
In other words describe the desired outcome and maybe illustrate several alternative ways to achieve it .
For the novices it is helpful to identify a preferred one .
Feeding the steering wheel hand - to - hand is a very safe way to steer a car .
As a competent driver it might not be the most effective way to turn quickly while reverse parking , but they 'll get to that later .
What you do n't want is to have your expert having to trade their instinct against possible repercussions right in the heat of a crisis when they most need their wits about them .
It should describe the pros and cons of the practice .
I can't think of any practices that are all upside .
There is a trade - off for most things .
Again , your novices wo n't benefit much from this , but you are building in the wiggle room for your proficient and expert - level people to be able to perform whilst remaining inside " the rules " .
Patterns as Best Practices
In fact , it seems the more you adapt a best practice to be applicable across the Dreyfus range , the more it starts to look like a pattern !
An Alexandrian pattern - named after the architect Christopher Alexander - describes a context , the various " forces " ( external factors ) it resolves and introduces , and typically several examples .
In Alexandrian terms , patterns only work in conjunction with one another , creating a system of interacting forces that need to be balanced to create harmony .
Applying this philosophy to Best Practices would allow you develop a whole variety of interdependent , co-operating practices that the novice can use in a cookbook fashion , the intermediate levels can experiment with and the experts can argue over .
In fact , the process of providing a context in the first place can be a very useful exercise in terms of identifying the value of a particular practice or set of practices .
Conclusion
People are risk averse .
In layman 's language that just means people have fear , and that 's ok .
For the things we should ( rationally ) fear , it is perfectly appropriate to want to assess the likelihood of encountering them , and to spend effort averting them .
Best practices are about providing guidelines for novices .
People will make mistakes as they learn because making mistakes is learning !
However tempting it seems , you can't sidestep the advanced beginner stage and go from novice to competent without ever stepping outside the lines .
The human learning process simply does n't work like that .
Software development is a skill , whichever part of it you are involved in - as a programmer or tester , as an analyst or project manager - so the highest performers will work predominantly from instinct .
It 's a pretty good indication of their expertise if they are unable to explain their decisions .
( Of course you should n't confuse this for a lack of basic communication skills ! )
To create consistency across a multi-skilled organisation , Alexandrian patterns provide a much more workable strategy than the clear - cut absolutes of Best Practices .
In fact , the best Best Practices are neither Best nor Practices .
Acknowledgements
Former ThoughtWorks colleague Robin Gibson was the first person to introduce me to the Dreyfus model .
PragDave Thomas gave an excellent talk at QCon 2007 about it which led me to Patricia Benner 's book " From Novice to Expert " , which is an informative and uplifting book full of anecdotes from the nursing profession .
Michael Tiberg , the organiser of Øredev , kindly allowed me to do a talk at his conference and gave me Best Practices as a topic , which was the origin of this article .
While I was there I got to spend time with Andy Hunt , whose wife seems to be responsible for introducing the software community to the Dreyfus model in the first place !
Andy is currently working on a book that will feature the Dreyfus model heavily as well as lots of other goodness about how people think .
And of course thanks to Niclas Nilsson for suggesting I should write this up and offering to publish it .
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system , for if they did , I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning .
Henry Ford
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON  Sen .
Ted Stevens , who championed $ 452 million in federal funding for Alaska 's notorious " bridges to nowhere , " has directed the Navy to build an experimental ferry it once rejected to serve a little - used port in a remote area of his home state .
The high - speed ferry will connect Anchorage to Port MacKenzie in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough at an estimated cost to taxpayers of $ 84 million .
The project follows the same route as one of the two " bridges to nowhere , " which the non-partisan Taxpayers for Common Sense and others spotlighted in 2005 as examples of wasteful projects promoted by members of Congress that benefit few people .
' Bridge to nowhere : '
Plans hit a dead end The 3 - mile ferry route will turn a 2 ½ - hour drive into a 15 - minute trip to Port MacKenzie , which has two businesses that employ about 40 people combined .
The borough , known as Mat - Su , will own and operate the passenger - vehicle ferry and give the Navy data on its operation as a possible ship - to - shore transport vessel .
In an e-mail to USA TODAY , the Office of Naval Research ( ONR ) said it did not request the funding .
The Navy said it rejected Lockheed Martin 's proposal for a similar prototype to transport military personnel and equipment , saying the project was not a high priority .
Stevens declined to be interviewed .
His spokesman , Aaron Saunders , said the deal benefits taxpayers by providing a use for a Navy prototype that otherwise might be scrapped after a year .
Saunders said the ferry will bring jobs and revenue to the borough , which has about 80,000 residents .
" This is a win -win for the military and the Mat - Su valley , " Saunders said .
The ferry alone is now expected to cost $ 58 million , the Navy statement said .
That 's nearly double the Navy 's original $ 29.9 million agreement with the shipbuilder .
The " biggest cost driver " has been its unique design , the Navy said .
The design is complicated by a retractable center hull that is raised to reach high speeds and lowered to offload passengers and vehicles .
A former chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and its defense subcommittee , Stevens inserted nearly $ 50 million into defense and transportation spending bills between 2002 and 2006 for the project and related costs .
Stevens added $ 20 million in this year 's pending defense bill , according to the legislation .
One company that could benefit from the ferry is VECO Corp. , the oil services firm at the heart of a federal corruption probe that led to an FBI search of Stevens ' home July 30 .
The company , whose former chief executive is a business partner of Stevens , signed a letter of interest six years ago to open a manufacturing facility at the port once the ferry begins operations , which is now expected in 2009 .
Borough Manager John Duffy says VECO remains interested in building huge oilfield equipment at the port , where it built smaller equipment " modules " in 2005 and 2006 .
PROBE : Claims spawn more scrutiny for Stevens VECO spokesman Tim Woolston declined to comment .
Tom Maloney , the company 's vice president of business development , told the Anchorage Daily News , in 2005 that the ferry — which can carry up to 26 cars and 150 people — would allow the company to bring workers to the site more cheaply and safely than driving them from Anchorage .
VECO chief executive Bill Allen and vice president Richard Smith pleaded guilty in May to bribing state lawmakers to limit a state tax on oil production and resigned .
Allen testified in a related case this month that one of the lawmakers he bribed was Ted Stevens ' son , Ben , a former state senator .
Allen also testified he oversaw renovations to Ted Stevens ' Alaska home in 2000 that more than doubled its size , and had VECO employees do some of the work .
Stevens said in a July interview with Alaska reporters that he paid all the bills he received for the construction .
He has declined further comment on the probe .
Neither Ted nor Ben Stevens has been charged with wrongdoing .
Navy rejected similar ship
The ferry 's design came from the world 's largest defense contractor , Lockheed Martin , which also has ties to Stevens .
Lockheed pitched the design to the Mat - Su Borough in 2002 after the Navy rejected its proposal .
With funds secured by Stevens , the borough paid Lockheed $ 2 million in 2003 to design the ship .
Lockheed 's lobbyists include Stevens ' brother - in - law , William Bittner .
Lockheed paid Bittner and his law firm $ 420,000 to lobby on defense spending issues from 2002 through 2006 , the firm 's disclosure reports say .
Bittner said he never lobbied for Lockheed on the ferry .
" Until you called , I had no idea Lockheed was involved in this project , " Bittner told USA TODAY in an e-mail .
New ethics laws ban any senator or staffer from being lobbied by the senator 's immediate family , which does not include brothers - in - law .
Campaign finance reports show Lockheed 's political action committee , executives and lobbyists gave Stevens ' political committees $ 63,650 during 2002 through 2005 , when the first legislative - directed funding , known as earmarks , were awarded for the ferry project .
Lockheed spokesman Tom Jurkowsky said , " Lockheed Martin did not initiate any congressional support or lobbying efforts to secure funding for the program . "
Contracting rules exempted Once Stevens ' earmarks directed the Navy to build the ferry , the ONR hired Alaska Ship & Drydock under an obscure type of agreement called " other transaction authority . "
Those agreements are not formal contracts and therefore are exempt from many federal contracting rules , such as those requiring detailed cost justifications .
The shipyard is reimbursed for its costs plus a guaranteed profit , according to the Pentagon announcement of the agreement .
Critics such as the non-partisan Project on Government Oversight ( POGO ) have said such arrangements are vulnerable to waste .
" Cost and pricing data should be available for auditors to review to ensure the government is n't being ripped off , " said Danielle Brian , executive director of POGO .
The Navy said it used the arrangement because the ferry is a prototype and the shipyard had n't done military work .
The shipyard had built only a conventional ferry before getting the Navy work .
Alaska Ship & Drydock could n't handle such a large project without extensive upgrades , such as a submersible ship lift , shipyard executive Doug Ward and state transportation official Nancy Slagle told the Alaska Legislature .
The state used $ 9 million in earmarked federal transportation money for upgrades in 2006 , Slagle said .
Ward declined to comment .
About five months before the Navy awarded it the ferry project in August 2005 , Alaska Ship & Drydock hired former Stevens chief of staff Steven Silver as its sole Washington lobbyist to obtain " funding for activities " at the shipyard , lobbying records show .
The shipyard paid Silver $ 48,000 in 2005 and 2006 .
Silver did not respond to repeated requests for comment .
Former top staffers may legally lobby their ex-bosses one year after leaving their government jobs .
Silver left Stevens ' office in 1981 .
Former Senate staffer Winslow Wheeler , who handled defense spending issues for three Republicans and one Democrat and is now with the non-partisan Center for Defense Information , said the ferry is an example of earmarks siphoning money from worthier defense projects .
" He 's loaded up defense bills " with projects that have " no direct usefulness for national security , " Wheeler said of Stevens .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge Office of Naval Research Artist 's rendering of Ted Stevens ' high - speed ferry .
It will be built in Alaska and used for three years as a ferry from Anchorage to the Matanuska - Susitna Borough .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
A bill that would require those operating WiFi networks to verify users ' ages has come under fire .
Introduced to the Utah House of Representatives by Rep. Bradley Daw ( R - Orem ) late last month , the bill seeks to protect children from accessing " material harmful to minors " via public WiFi networks .
If you think that sounds like an unreasonable burden for WiFi operators , you 're not alone .
XMission , a Salt Lake City - based WiFi provider , said that complying with such a law would cost it upwards of $ 5,000 per month .
XMission CEO
Pete Ashdown told The Salt Lake Tribune that the company might be forced to turn off a number of its networks , including those in public libraries , in order to comply with the law .
Rep .
Daw appears to have finally realized the problems the current wording of his bill would cause .
Daw told the Tribune that he may pull the age provision from the bill in favor of a filtering requirement — even though he realizes that filters are n't completely effective either .
The age verification requirement is the brainchild of a Utah nonprofit called CP80 .
Founded by SCO chairman Ralph Yarro , CP80 seeks to keep pornography away from young eyes by moving it off of port 80 .
Yarro compares ports to TV channels , arguing that it's a simple solution to the problem .
Unfortunately , it 's not quite that simple .
Any law passed in the US would n't extend beyond its borders ; only porn sites hosted within the US would be forced off of port 80 .
There 's also the question of the burden such a move would place on system admins and developers who are accustomed to a world where HTTP content defaults to port 80 regardless of what it contains .
Yarro and CP80 did manage to convince the Utah state legislature to pass a nonbinding resolution last May , one that called on Congress to do something about porn on the Internet , and Yarro believes that the age - restriction proposal currently in Daw 's bill is feasible .
As currently written , the bill would also require individuals to lock down WiFi access ( on any port ) to minors .
" A person may not provide wireless Internet access to the public unless the person restricts access to prevent a minor from accessing material harmful to minors , " reads Part 2 of the bill .
If you live in Orem and your next - door neighbor 's kid uses your open WAP to look at pictures of naked women , you could find yourself on the hook for a $ 1,000 fine .
Yarro thinks that 's fine , telling the Tribune that people " should be responsible for their barking dogs and their Internet access . "
And parents should be responsible for monitoring the online activities of their children .
Making it more costly to run WiFi networks is n't going to keep kids away from porn .
Further reading
P.J. at Housing Wire reports that FASB ( the Financial Accounting Standards Board ) is threatening to end the arguments over " the Q election " by simply eliminating QSPEs entirely :
In an accounting standards session at this past week ’s American Securitization Forum , FASB director Russell Golden told audience members that the standards board has since decided to eliminate QSPEs altogether ; the focus now is now on how to best to handle the issues created by so doing .
You could have heard a pin drop among audience members after Golden said FASB would “ eliminate QSPEs . ”
Attempting to fix one problem kept causing other problems to pop up , Golden said .
He also hinted that the recent SEC letter by chief accountant Conrad Hewitt , which apparently gave the green light to fast - track loan mods , understated the real discussions that have been taking place in private between SEC and FASB officials .
Bloomberg ’s
Weil suggests that FASB officials have been irked at what they saw as the SEC undermining FASB due process — a line of motiviation that I think misses the truth behind what ’s really been going on .
It ’s probably fairer to say that FASB had been letting sleeping dogs lie in this area after shoring things up in the wake of the Enron scandal in 2001 ; and those dogs are no longer sleeping — or lying down — thanks to the ARM rate freeze plan .
Forced to address the issue of loan servicing , FASB apparently decided it was easier to eliminate the concept of a QSPE altogether than to try to modify the rules under which it should be allowed to exist .
It ’s unclear , exactly , how a ‘ Q - less ’ world ultimately would affect the secondary markets ; many of the details have yet to be nailed down .
One thing , however , would seem to be crystal clear : loans would , in all likelihood , no longer be able to be transferred off of a lender ’s balance sheet .
Golden said that FASB is still working through details of a proposal in this area , however , and would want input from market participants .
Until the banks rebuild their capital , they will not have the wherewithal to lend money and support economic growth .
If banks of all sizes could regain their capital immediately and easily , it would be a tremendous benefit to the American economy .
The federal government could make this happen by entering into an arrangement with American banks that hold subprime mortgages , in which homeowners typically pay a low interest rate for two or three years then face much higher payments .
Here ’s how it would work :
The government would guarantee the principal of the mortgages for 15 years .
And in exchange the banks would agree to leave their “ teaser ” interest rates on those loans in effect for the entire 15 years .
This would instantly give the lending banks new capital .
As these mortgages would be guaranteed by the Treasury , they would suddenly be assessed , on bank balance sheets , at their original value — and a significant amount of the banks ’ lost capital would be restored .
Plus , the banks would receive , from most of the homeowners with subprime mortgages , up to 15 years of teaser - rate payments .
At this point , I take this to mean that mortgage loan ( and other asset - backed ) securitizations would have to be treated as financings , rather than sales , of the underlying assets .
Therefore both the assets and the corresponding liabilities would be reflected on the issuer 's balance sheet , with the ( presumed ) effect of increasing the issuer 's capital requirements as well as the cost of financing ( investors would have to be compensated for the loss of the " bankruptcy remote " vehicle structure ) .
I think we can pretty much guess what the " input from market participants " is going to be .
In case you missed this in yesterday 's New York Times Certainly a government guarantee of principal -- with no guarantee fees , insurance premiums , or interest income to the guarantor , like those mean GSE and FHA alternatives require -- would take care of the capital problem .
GIMP is the undisputed king of image editing in Linux platforms , and is next only to Photoshop in popularity in Windows and Mac platforms .
With a large community of developers and an even larger pool of users , it is no surprise that GIMP is very popular .
Much like Firefox , GIMP ’s strength lies in its plugins , which are developed by the open - source toting community .
Since the users themselves develop them , they know all the needs and conceive a plugin for everything ( well , except making a coffee for you ) .
And what better way for me to endorse GIMP than a list of good plugins ?
Most of them are aimed at web - designers and photographers , the main users of GIMP .
There are also some to fix common problems of GIMP .
Web Design
Snow : Generate realistic 3D snow .
Caution : Requires large amount of memory and swap memory .
Anti-aliasing : Smoothen and fix straight lines .
Adaptive contrast enhancement : Intelligent adjustment of contrast .
Fourier Transformation : GIMP plugin version of Fourier Transformation .
Refract / Reflect : Refraction effects to simulate falling water drops .
ShapeIt : Bend text or image according to information in map layer .
Borders :
Add borders to your image .
SoapBubble : Create bubbles .
Contains two versions , for GIMP v2.2 and v2.4 .
Aqua Bou : Create web buttons in ‘ Aqua Bou ’ style easily .
Chrominium : Create a chrome logo with glow and sparkles .
Cloud Generation : For easy creation of clouds .
Updated to work with GIMP 2.4 , the latest version .
Gothic Glow : GIMP ’s version of Gothic Glow action , originally for Photoshop .
Liquid Rescale : Content - aware rescaling .
Keeps the features of the image while rescaling along a single direction .
Particle Deposition : simulates particle deposition on a surface .
It generates small particles with random size and velocity and lets them fall onto the surface where they settle , increasing surface height in the place a bit .
Stampify : Make your image look like a postage stamp .
Plasma2 : Newer version of the original Plasma plugin for GIMP .
SaveForWeb : Find optimal compromise between minimal file size and acceptable quality of image quickly .
Useful for designers .
Steel Text : Create a text effect that looks like shiny steel ( or gold ) and a dropshadow .
Photography
Miscellaneous
GIMP Dewierdifyer : ( for Windows )
Get rid of common window annoyances in the GIMP .
It adds a background window that sits under GIMP .
It groups other GIMP windows into one , so that when you ’re alt + tabbing to other apps , only one icon of GIMP gets in your way .
Turing Pattern : Renders a kind of Turing pattern .
Yin - Yang + :
A seemingly useless plugin , but fun nonetheless .
Add yin and yang symbols .
Also optionally add drop - shadows .
Further resources
In June 2003 construction began on what is claimed to be the world ’s longest span cable - stayed bridge to date .
The Sutong Bridge lies between Nantong City and Suzhou of Jiangsu province , and became a part of the national key trunk route planned by the Ministry of Communications from Jiayin in Helongjiang province to Nanping in Fuijang province .
Sutong Bridge , which crosses the 6 km Changjiang River , has several roles : it has aided the trunk road net in both the province and throughout the country ; it has improved safety for vehicles crossing the river ; and has reduced the pressure of increasing traffic .
The bridge was completed in January 2008 and was officially opened for traffic in June 2008 .
Sutong Bridge is the winner of 2010 Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement award ( OCEA ) .
Bridge contractors
The Sutong Bridge was an all - China project .
No international participations were invited for the bridge construction .
The construction contractor selected was China Harbour Engineering Group ( CHEC ) .
The project managers were the Jiangsu Sutong Bridge Construction Commanding Department , a team compiled from the National Communications Ministry , Jiangsu province and Suzhou and Nantong cities .
Doka ( Deutsche Doka Schalungstechnik GmbH ) , the formwork manufacturer , is supplying climbing technology for use in the construction .
“ A large part of the construction is crane independent and as such is unaffected by poor weather – it can still operate in wind speeds as high as 70 km / h . ”
There are 36 Doka SKE 100 climbers at either end of the bridge and these have the job of placing over 68 casting sections on each pylon .
The use of the powerful hydraulic climbing units meant that a large part of the construction was crane independent and as such was unaffected by poor weather – it can still operate in wind speeds as high as 70 km / h .
Although no international assistance is required for the actual construction , some non-Chinese companies have been involved in both planning and advising the project team .
COWI A/S ( Denmark ) was awarded a DKK65 million contract to provide consultancy services on concept and design , to support the Chinese in managing and undertaking the project , to provide technical assistance , make wind tunnel experiments and train young Chinese engineers to manage the project , to ensure quality and manage operations and maintenance .
Force Technology was also involved in conducting the wind tunnel experiments .
Jiangsu Province Communications Planning and Design Institute were involved in the design of the bridge .
Maunsell AECOM was the Engineering Consultant to the Second Navigation Engineering Bureau ( SNEB ) of China Harbour Engineering Group , who was awarded the prestigious Contract C3 for the superstructure construction of the Sutong Bridge .
Ove Arup ( UK ) was contracted to provide construction management services , and Lord Corporation ( North Carolina , USA ) was selected to help develop a structural monitoring system using the company ’s magnetorheological ( MR ) fluid formations and damper designs .
Technical advisers for the project included individuals from Tongji University , Bridge Survey and Design Institute of China Railway Construction Company , Ministry of Communications , Hong Kong Civil Engineering Association , Tokyo University , COWI A/S ( Denmark ) , TY LIN Company ( USA ) .
To assist in managing the project , the Jiangsu Sutong Bridge Construction Commanding Department purchased the Primavera P3e / c software program for construction and engineering .
P3e / c helps manage construction projects , large contractors , engineering firms , design - build firms , engineers , procure and construct firms and owners .
It aids planning and scheduling , project control , cost management , resource / materials management , project management and analysis / reporting .
Sutong Bridge location
The Sutong Bridge is located at the Chengong watercourse of Changjiang River , an S - shaped river with a varying width between 6 km and 14 km wide , and a maximum depth of approximately 50 m .
The bridge will span the 6 km - wide river near Xuliujing .
The Changjiang River is a tributary of the Yangtze River , situated close to the river mouth by the Yellow Sea .
The bridge will be 280 km west of Nanjing , 90 km from the Yangtze River Bridge in Jiangyin and 100 km east of the Yangtze River estuary .
“ The ferry journey takes 1hr – once the bridge is completed this journey time will be five minutes . ”
Jiangsu province is an important , growing , industrial region in China .
It has a population of 74 million people .
When completed , the bridge will join the Nantong - Qidong section ( under construction ) of the Ningbo - Qidong Expressway , as well as other coastal expressways in the north .
In the south , the bridge will link up with the Shanghai - Ningbo Expressway , the Suzhou - Jiaxing - Hangzhou Expressway ( under construction ) , and other highways that follow the Yangtze River .
There is currently an annual increase of 15 % of traffic users crossing the Yangtze River in the Jiangsu region .
In Nantong , this increase is as much as 20 % annually .
Forward predictions of traffic numbers crossing the river in the Nantong area ( per day ) were 41,432 in 2005 , increasing to 70,624 by 2014 , and 89,556 in 2025 .
There were four car ferries crossing the river in this region – these traffic increases were clearly too much for these ferries to manage .
The ferry journey takes 1hr – with the bridge being completed this journey time has reduced to five minutes .
Sutong Bridge statistics and construction
The Sutong Bridge project consisted of three parts :
Crossing engineering
North bank linking engineering ( 15.1 km , with two interchanges , a toll gate and a service zone )
South bank linking engineering ( 9.1 km , with one interchange )
The total length of the crossing is 8,206 m .
The main bridge is a double - cable - plane , double - pylon steel box girder cable - stayed bridge .
The central span of 1,088 m has a height of 62 m , which will allow fourth and fifth generation container ships to pass through in all weather .
The bridge and its approaches are of six - lane expressway design , with a maximum speed of 100 km / h .
Over 32.2 km of cable was used in the bridge .
The project will require 200,000t of steel , 1 million m³ of concrete and 3 million m³ of earth for filling .
When designing the bridge , several important factors were taken into consideration :
Poor climate : each year the area has on average 30 days of heavy fog , more than 120 days of heavy rain ( typhoon ) , and frequent tornados with associated high windspeeds
each year the area has on average 30 days of heavy fog , more than 120 days of heavy rain ( typhoon ) , and frequent tornados with associated high windspeeds Complex hydrology : the river has varying flow speeds and directions and depths vary as the river is tidal – the maximum design average flow passing through the river cross section is 4.01 m / s
the river has varying flow speeds and directions and depths vary as the river is tidal – the maximum design average flow passing through the river cross section is 4.01 m / s
Deep bedrock : the bedrock is at a depth of 270 m , which is covered by sediment and silt
the bedrock is at a depth of 270 m , which is covered by sediment and silt Navigational requirements : 50,000t container ships and large scale fleets were allowed to pass under the bridge – the navigation clearance required a width greater than 891 m and a height greater than 62 m and the main bridge was designed to resist the impact of a 50,000t ship
After completion , the bridge created four new world records for cable - stayed bridges : its 1,088 m span is the longest ; the 306 m - high main bridge tower is the highest ; the two foundation piers of the main bridge are the deepest ; and the longest stay of the main bridge is the longest in the world , so far , at 580m .
Construction machinery
China Harbour Engineering Company , the main contractor for the bridge construction , purchased two V360 hydraulic vibratory driver / extractor hammers from International Construction Equipment Inc ( ICE ) of North Carolina , US .
These machines were used to drill the foundation piles 395 ft into the ground , through seven different layers of ground consisting of mainly medium - dense to very - dense fine sand .
The casings for each pile weighed 135t , with dimensions of 9.25 ft in diameter , 230ft in length , with a wall thickness of 1in .
“ Once completed , the bridge will create four new world records for cable - stayed bridges . ”
The hammers were set up in tandem so that they worked together .
These machines completed the driving of more than 200 casings within six months .
Dorman Long Technology was the sub- contractor for the design , supply and site supervision of the deck erection gantries , to the 2nd Navigation Engineering Bureau .
The first 16 m 450t deck segment was erected on 9 November 2006 , an operation which included a 125 % overload test and a 110 % dynamic test .
The last segment was erected on 9 June 2007 .
The steel orthotropic deck for the bridge was fabricated offsite and was delivered by barge for erection .
The gantries worked in pairs to lift and align the deck units .
Each gantry has one 290t capacity DL - S290 strand jack to lift the deck unit and a system of secondary hydraulic rams to carefully adjust its position .
Finance
The total cost for construction of the Sutong Bridge is estimated to be $ 6.45 bn ( $ 750 m ) .
$ 2.2 bn ( $ 266.12 m ) , amounting to 35 % of the total , was collected by the local governments of Jiangsu province ( 60 % ) , Suzhou City and Nantong City ( 20 % each ) .
The remaining funds were sourced via loans from domestic banks .
The bridge is being tolled and the fares received are being used to pay back the loans .
Picture it :
You 're not feeling well , so you go to your doctor 's office , where you 're told you 're having a heart attack .
And just as you 're on an ambulance gurney , the receptionist asks you for a $ 5 co-pay !
This is what happened to 76 - year - old Staten Island resident Barbara Antonelli last month .
Antonelli described her trip to the Staten Island Physician Practice and told the Staten Island Advance , " Stupid me , I gave her the five dollars .
This was an emergency ... and they asked for a lousy $ 5 .
They could have billed me .
I never thought they would have the audacity to ask . "
This while the grandmother had an oxygen mask over her mouth !
She pondered to WCBS 2 , " [ Is ] a lousy $ 5 more important than a human being ? "
Still , Antonelli is grateful to her doctor ( who did n't realize she was asked for payment ) and just thinks the administrators need to train their employees better .
SIPP says it 's " not our policy " to demand payment from patients who are having heart attacks , but Antonelli had not paid when she came in , the employee got a bit overzealous .
SIPP 's associate medical director Dr. Jack D'Angelo , who did find the employee 's actions " inappropriate , " explained to the Daily News , " When a patient comes into any doctor 's office , you have your co-pay and you pay it when you register . "
We 've personally never paid for our doctor 's visit until after seeing the doctor - and we pay at the office or we 're billed .
Britney Spears Arrested After Standoff - Taken to Hospital ( PHOTOS )
was arrested at her home on Thursday evening after a three hour standoff with police over a custody dispute involving her young sons , 2 , and1 .
She is being held on a 72 hour involuntary psychiatric hold and on suicide watch in a Los Angeles hospital .
Lynne Spears , when reached by phone , asked callers to pray for her daughter .
She and daughter Jamie Lynn Spears returned to their Kentwood , Louisiana home after hearing about Britney 's hospitalization .
The two had been secluded at an undisclosed location since the 16 years olds pregnancy hit the media .
Police were called to her home at 8:00 pm
Thursday evening after she refused to relinquish her two young sons to their father , Kevin Federline , who had sent two bodyguards to pick up the children .
Their visit with Britney was to end at 7:00 pm , as ordered by the courts .
When Los Angeles officers and Federline 's attorney , Mark Kaplan , arrived on the scene , they discovered that the combative Spears appeared to be under the influence of unknown substances and would not allowed officers to enter her home .
Police negotiated for hours with the pop star and eventually talked Spears into opening the door to her home so that they could enter and remove the children .
She was strapped to a gurney , with her hands in restraints , and taken by ambulance , screaming and crying , to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center for evaluation to determine her physical and mental condition .
A complete mental health assessment is standard procedure in this type of situation , as is a toxicology screening .
Keep reading - we 've got video and photos of the entire episode .
Six police cars , an ambulance , fire engine and helicopter were on the scene during the three + hour seige .
The youngsters were also taken to Cedars - Sinai , by separate car , where they were also examined by medical personnel .
Once the health assessment is completed , she will likely have several options , including going to jail or entering herself into some kind of treatment program .
It seems likely that Federline and his legal team will be holding another emergency court hearing today to rescind Spears visitation rights .
Earlier in the day , Spears arrived 90 minutes late for a court deposition .
The questioning lasted 14 minutes before Spears said she had to get home for her court authorized visit with her sons .
After the deposition , Federline 's attorney , Mark Kaplan , held a press conference and indicated they would take steps to sanction Spears for repeatedly circumventing the deposition , which has been rescheduled seven times .
Pictures include Britney Spears father and Kevin Federline as they arrive separately at the hospital .
CLICK HERE to see video of the events .
DOHA , Qatar  Qatar is buying shares in Credit Suisse and plans to spend as much as $ 15 billion on European and American bank stocks over the next year , according to its prime minister .
“ We have a relation with Credit Suisse , and we bought some of the stock from the market , actually , ” said Sheik Hamad bin Jassim al - Thani , who is also chief executive of the Qatar Investment Authority .
“ But I can not say what percentage because still we are in the process . ”
Qatar , which has a population of fewer than one million , holds 1.3 percent of global crude oil reserves .
Sovereign wealth funds in the gulf , whose coffers are swelling from high oil prices , as well as counterparts in Asia , have been snapping up stakes in banks battered by losses from subprime mortgages .
Renegade artist and head - hunter the Decapitator has been bombarding the streets of London with a signature style of graffiti tag - eerily removing the heads from major adverts around town , replacing them with ghastly , gory stumps .
( Before and after images of a gruesomely guillotined model in a print ad , right ) .
Based on the images uploaded to his / her Flickr stream , " The East London Decapitator " as he / she has been dubbed , is largely striking mainstream advertisements , like this ( my personal fav ) High School Musical 2 poster .
The Decapitator 's culture jamming pieces are reminiscent of the style of popaganda artist Ron English , whose seminal work in billboard subvertising involved covering mainstream advertisements with his own art .
The mutation of art into other forms of art is always fascinating – even if the recipients are n't always willing , as was in the case with New York - based graffiti defacer , known as the Splasher .
Splasher became infamous this summer for tossing paint onto the work of well - known street artists like Shepard Fairy and Momo , citing controversial claims that their work was gentrified , banal and irreparably appropriated and commodified .
[ via Notcot ]
[ Photos via Flickr set ]
See also :
**
The EPA 's advisers recommended tighter cuts to help reduce smog
It is lowering the amount of smog - forming ground - level ozone permitted in the atmosphere for the first time in more than 10 years .
The EPA says the change could save 4,000 lives each year .
However , scientists and health campaigners say the changes have not gone far enough .
Unlike stratospheric ozone , which forms a protective layer high above Earth 's surface , ground - level ozone can harm people 's lungs and aggravate conditions such as asthma , as well as increase susceptibility to respiratory infections .
Ground - level ozone is formed when nitrogen oxides mix with volatile organic compounds and are heated by sunlight .
Man -made sources of these emissions include power plants , motor vehicle exhaust , industrial facilities , gasoline vapours and chemical solvents .
Power plants
The new permitted ozone level has been reduced from 80 parts per billion to 75 parts per billion .
EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson said that by signing " the most stringent " ozone standard ever , the agency was meeting requirements of the Clean Air Act to periodically review limits .
It looks to us like the rationale behind tightening the standard significantly skews and misrepresents the scientific record of ozone 's health effects
Dan Ridinger
Edison Electric Institute
The agency said it expected the new standards to be met as a result of programmes for reducing ozone - forming emissions from power plants in the east of the country and reducing similar emissions from diesel engines .
However , the EPA 's own clean air scientific advisory committee had unanimously recommended setting a standard no higher than 70 parts per billion .
US - based campaigners Clean Air Watch say the reduction did not go far enough .
" Unfortunately , real science appears to have been tainted by political science , " said Clean Air Watch president Frank O'Donnell .
" The Bush Administration is compromising public health to save industry money . "
Industry anger
Industry representatives , who had lobbied against the change , disputed the environmental need for the change and said there were concerns that the cost of reducing emissions could hurt the economy .
The American Chemistry Council ( ACC ) said in a statement that there was " no clear and substantial basis " for tightening the standards , which would impose significant burdens on states .
Engine emissions will be targeted to reduce ground - ozone levels
Dan Ridinger , a spokesman for the Edison Electric Institute which represents 70 % of the US electric power sector , said the new regulations were pointless .
" It looks to us like the rationale behind tightening the standard significantly skews and misrepresents the scientific record of ozone 's health effects , " he told the BBC .
" Ultimately , EPA is promising health benefits that people may never receive , but they will definitely end up paying for those benefits regardless of whether or not they get them at the gas pump and through higher energy bills , " he said .
The EPA said the cost of implementing the standards , ranging from $ 7.6 bn to $ 8.5 bn ( £ 3.7bn to £ 4.1 bn ) , would be outweighed by health benefits , valued at up to $ 19bn ( £ 9.3bn ) .
It said those benefits included preventing cases of bronchitis , aggravated asthma , hospital and emergency room visits , non-fatal heart attacks and premature death .
A married couple who sailed to America from England around 1630 may be the ancestors of thousands of people in the US at higher risk of a hereditary form of colon cancer who are alive today , researchers said on Wednesday .
US scientists traced a so - called founder genetic mutation found among two large families currently living in Utah and New York to the couple .
Cancer researchers at the Huntsman Cancer Institute in Utah say thousands of people across the country may have the mutation that spread widely as the couple ’s descendants branched over many generations .
“ The fact that this mutation can be traced so far back in time suggests it could be carried by many more families in the United States than is currently known , ” says Deborah Neklason , who led the study .
“ In fact , this founder mutation might be related to many colon cancer cases in the United States . ”
Advertisement
Mystery cause
Colorectal cancer is the third - leading cause of cancer death in the US .
It will affect 153,000 Americans in 2008 , according to the American Cancer Society , and will kill 52,000 .
Family history , smoking and diet are all linked with colorectal cancer , but experts are still struggling to identify the causes that underlie most cases .
Less than 1 % of these cases are due to this particular genetic mutation , estimates the study .
The US team first focused on the Utah branch of the family – numbering about 5000 people today – 14 years ago because its members had an unusually high risk of colon cancer .
Because the family was Mormon , the researchers were able to mine a wealth of genealogical information taken from detailed church records over the years that is now part of a large genetics database in Utah , Neklason said .
Lowered risk
While most of the records in the study related to the Utah part of the family , the researchers eventually identified the New York branch as well .
“ We just know about these two branches of the family , ” Neklason says .
“ The significance of it going so far back is there are probably many branches of the family out there that are n’t aware of the mutation . ”
In the study , the team identified the mutation that causes a condition called attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis ( AFAP ) , which makes people more prone to developing polyps that can cause colon cancer .
Without proper treatment , people with this mutation have a greater than two in three risk of developing colon cancer by age 80 , compared to about 1 in 24 for the general population .
Early treatment , however , can virtually eliminate this risk .
“ This study highlights that you need to pay attention to your family history , ” Neklason said .
“ With intervention to remove the polyps , the risk goes to near nothing . ”
Journal reference : Gastroenterology and Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology ( DOI : 10.1016/j.cgh.2007.09.017 )
Cancer – Learn more about one of the world ’s biggest killers in our comprehensive special report .
Genetics – Keep up with the pace in our continually updated special report .
Though social attitudes may change with time , videotape never does .
Here are five examples of embarrassing advertising that companies no doubt wish had become dust in the wind .
Come with us on a magical adventure of sexism , racism and fun !
5 Mattel Dick Tracy Tommy Burst ( 1961 )
We hesitate to show this ad , as it will only highlight how lame your toys were as compared to those of the '60s .
Watch as this kid pulls out his " toy " Dick Tracy revolver and actually kills some fool :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So What 's the Problem ?
As you see in the ad , kids needed toys like that because they had to get jobs as detectives as early as age eight .
While the guns might have been far cooler looking and way more realistic than today 's orange - capped plastic knockoffs , they also had the unfortunate side effect of getting the owner shot occasionally by trigger - happy police officers .
Also when you consider the YouTube comments :
... you have to think we 're probably better off than them .
UN report : Two million Iraqi children face disease , poverty David Edwards and Adam Doster
Published : Friday December 21 , 2007
del.icio.us |
Print This Email This
While violence is slowly subsiding in parts of Iraq , living conditions are still deplorable .
According to a new U.N. Children 's Fund estimate , two million children in Iraq face the unrelenting threats of poor nutrition , disease and no school . 
 Iraqi children were frequently caught in the crossfire of the conflict this year , with hundreds losing their lives or injured by violence ,  the agency said .
 Many more had the main wage - earner in their family kidnapped or killed .
UNICEF determined that only 28 percent of Iraqi 17 - year - olds completed their final school exams this year .
As more families sought shelter in safer Iraqi regions or other countries , an average of 25,000 children per month fled their homes this year .
Security concerns and mass displacement have made it difficult to raise funds and deliver needed aid .
UNICEF only received $ 40 million towards its $ 144 million appeal for Iraq this year , spokeswoman Veronique Taveau told a news briefing in Geneva .
But the U.N. Children 's
Fund thinks there is a window of opportunity for more aid to reach Iraqi children in 2008 .
" Iraqi children are the foundation for their country 's recovery ,  said Roger Wright , UNICEF 's special representative for Iraq .
 We continue to owe them our very best in 2008 and beyond . 
A BBC clip details this depravity through the stories of two teenage boys .
The first is a 13 - year old whose growth was stunted by poverty .
Instead of attending school , he sells cans of oil on the black market , and has little ambition .
The second survived a bombing , but was badly wounded .
" This is a glass eye , " he says .
" I can't see with it .
There 's still shrapnel in my heart and I have wounds caused by shrapnel all over my body . "
Read the whole story HERE .
This video is from BBC.
co.uk , broadcast on December 21 , 2007 .
I 'm sure many of you have heard variations of a saying that indicates the importance of learning from past mistakes .
I 'm equally sure that most of us have found that easier said than done .
A study that was published in yesterday 's edition of Science suggests that there is a genetic component to learning from error — depending on our inheritance , some of us will be better at it than others .
The authors of the study introduce things by presenting publications that suggest that the neurotransmitter dopamine is an essential part of recognizing negative outcomes of our actions .
They then note that humans happen to have the raw material for a natural experiment : there is a fairly common variant of a dopamine receptor that results in less of the protein being produced .
Thus , those with the A2 allele of the dopamine D2 receptor produce less of it , and thus should be less able to respond to dopamine signaling .
The authors then created a " learn - by - doing " test .
They showed subjects two Chinese characters from a larger set , and asked them to pick one .
The rules were such that when one specific character in the set appeared , choosing it produced a positive outcome .
A second character consistently produced a negative one .
After the subjects were given a few iterations to try to learn these rules , their ability to apply them was tested .
The dopamine receptor variant seemed to make little difference in recognizing positive outcomes , as the results from the two populations were statistically indistinguishable .
There was a significant difference when it came to negative outcomes : those carrying the variant were more likely to keep choosing the symbol that produced bad results .
The researchers were able to correlate that with results from functional MRI studies .
Areas of the brain that evaluate whether expectations match outcomes were indistinguishable with the symbol associated with positive outcomes , but diverged in tests using the symbol associated with negative ones .
The authors note that this dopamine receptor variant has been associated with addictive disorders and obesity , and suggest that this may result in part from an inability to recognize the negative impact of these behaviors .
Science , 2007 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1145044
Google Censorship - How It Works
An anticensorware investigation by Seth Finkelstein
Abstract :
This report describes the system by which results in the Google search engine are suppressed .
Google Exclusion , introduction
Google is arguably the world 's most popular search engine .
However , contrary perhaps to a naive impression , in some cases the results of a search are affected by various government - related factors .
That is , search results which may otherwise be shown , are deliberately excluded .
The suppression may be local to a country , or global to all Google results .
This removal of results was first documented in a report Localized Google search result exclusions by Benjamin Edelman and Jonathan Zittrain , which investigated certain web material banned in various countries .
Later , this author Seth Finkelstein discussed a global removal arising from intimidation generated from the United Kingdom town of Chester , in Chester 's Guide to Molesting Google .
My discussion here is not meant to criticize Google 's behavior in any way .
Much of it is in reaction to government law or government - backed pressure , where accommodation is an understandable reaction if nothing else .
Rather , documenting and explaining what happens , can inform public understanding , and lead to more informed resistance against the distortion of search results created by censorship campaigns .
How it works
A Google search is not simply a raw dump of a database query to the user 's screen .
The retrieval of the data is just one step .
There is much post - processing afterwards , in terms of presentation and customization .
When Google " removes " material , often it is still in the Google index itself .
But the post - processing has removed it from any results shown to the user .
This system can be applied , for quality reasons , to remove sites which " spam " the search engine .
And that is , by volume , certainly the overwhelming application of the mechanism .
But it can also be directed against sites which have been prohibited for government - based reasons .
Sometimes the fact that the " removed " material is still in the index can be inferred .
Global censorship
For the case of Chester , which concerned a single " removed " page , the internal indexing of the target page could be established by comparison with a search for the same material on another search engine .
Consider a Google search for the word " lesbian " on the site torkyarkisto.marhost.com .
It returns a page titled " The Kurt Cobain Quiz " , with a count of
Results 1 - 1 of about 2
The " about " qualifier there represents many factors , but sometimes encompasses blacklisted pages .
This can be seen here by comparing to an AltaVista search for the word " lesbian " on the site torkyarkisto.marhost.com
There are two pages visible in that case , the " Quiz " page , and the " Chester " page which caused all the trouble in the first place .
Since we know the " Chester " page was once in the Google index , it must be the other page referred to in " about 2 " .
QED .
Local censorship
In this situation , comparing results from the different Country Google searches , is often revealing .
The tests are often best done using the " allinurl : " syntax of Google , which searches for URLs which have the given components ( note the separate components can appear anywhere in the URL , so " allinurl:stormfront.org " is " stormfront " and " org " in the URL , not just the string " stormfront.org " as might be naively thought ) .
Stormfront.org is a notorious racist site , often banned in various contexts .
Consider the following US search :
http://www.google.com/search?num=100&hl=en&q=allinurl%3Astormfront.org
This returned : Results 1 - 27 of about 50,700 .
Now compare with the German counterpart ( Google . DE ) :
http://www.google.de/search?num=100&hl=en&q=allinurl%3Astormfront.org
This returned : Results 1 - 9 about 50,700 .
Immediate observation :
The rightmost ( total ) number is identical .
So identical results are in the Google database .
It 's simply not displaying them .
How is it determining which domain results to display ?
Note the hosts of which " stormfront.org " URLs are visible on the German page :
irc.stormfront.org:8000 /
www4.stormfront.org:81 /
lists.stormfront.org:81 /
What do these all have in common ?
They all have a port number after the host name .
The exclusion pattern obviously is n't matching the " : number " part of the URL .
It 's matching a pattern of " *.stormfront.org / " in the host , as in the following which are displayed the US search , but not the German search .
www.stormfront.org/
kids.stormfront.org /
women.stormfront.org /
nna.stormfront.org /
www4.stormfront.org /
Even more interesting , the German page has a broken URL listed at the bottom : http/www.stormfront.org/quotes.htm .
That 's not a valid URL , so it seems to escape the host check .
Thus , the suppression again appears to be implemented as a post - processing step using very simple patterns of prohibited results .
The same behavior is observed in a German " stormfront.org " images search
This returned : Results 1 - 6 about 1,410 .
Versus a US " stormfront.org " images search
This returned : Results 1 - 18 about 1,410 .
( note identical right - hand numbers , and hosts matching " *.stormfront.org / " pattern are suppressed in the German results )
And also in a German " stormfront.org " directory search
This returned : Results 1 - 8 about 15 .
Versus a US " stormfront.org " directory search
This returned : Results 1 - 10 about 15 .
( note again identical right - hand numbers , and hosts matching " *.stormfront.org / " pattern are suppressed in the German results )
Conclusion
Contrary to earlier utopian theories of the Internet , it takes very little effort for governments to cause certain information simply to vanish for a huge number of people .
Version 1.0 Mar 10 2003
Support
This work was not funded by anyone , and has no connection to any organization .
In fact , if anyone is providing financial support for such projects , the author would like to know .
Note : Some of this material appeared earlier in the author 's Infothought blog
( if you subscribed a few months ago , please resubscribe due to a crash )
See more of Seth Finkelstein 's Censorware Investigations
Intel announced today that they 're open - sourcing their cross-platform Thread Building Blocks 2.0 ( TBB ) template library .
While the company contributes code to open - source project like the Linux kernel and drivers , the opening of TBB marks the first time that Intel has taken a commercial tool and open - sourced it , making it Intel 's largest open - source commitment to date .
The aim of TBB , which I 've described in previous coverage of Intel 's multicore compilers , is to make it easier for coders in C++ to express task - level parallelism .
TBB works by abstracting parallelism above the level that most programmers are currently used to , especially those coders who use POSIX or Windows threads .
Coders can use the TBB template library in conjunction with the platform 's native threads , and the different pieces of the project ( task scheduler , mutex locks , atomic operations , containers , etc. ) can be used independently of one another .
Intel clearly wants to position TBB as the standard tool for writing multithreaded code , as opposed to OpenMP , and Windows and POSIX threads .
The company claims that the project as a whole is committed to processor - , compiler - , and OS - independence , and they 've launched a new site for the open - source version : threadbuildingblocks.org .
The site has all the typical open - source project aspects , like a CVS , forums , mailing lists , and so on , and Intel is currently in the process of adding engineers to it .
TBB 2.0 currently runs on non-Intel hardware , like the G5 , and on operating systems from Solaris to Linux .
It also works with multiple compilers , including Intel 's own in - house compiler and gcc .
James Reinders , chief evangelist and director of Marketing for Intel , has written an O'Reilly book on TBB 2.0 , so Intel is announcing that as well .
The book has a foreword by Adobe 's Alexander Stepanov , and there 's a free chapter available for download for anyone who wants to learn more about the project .
TBB 2.0 will be available under the GPL v2 license ( with runtime exceptions ) .
Reinders told me that Intel is evaluating GPL v3 , but they have n't yet made a decision about moving the project to the new license .
Intel will continue selling a commercial version of TBB that has identical functionality to the GPL version but that includes a support package .
Intel claims that they had two main reasons for open - sourcing the project : 1 ) platform independence and 2 ) ongoing availability .
The company wanted those who adopt TBB to be confident that it would be available on their platform of choice and that it would n't be orphaned by Intel eventually , so they chose to open the project up and let the community have it .
Java and .NET versions of TBB are currently being evaluated by Intel , and may eventually be announced .
But Intel maintains that C++ is the company 's priority , and it's where they 'll be focusing the engineering resources that they 're adding to the project .
The new open - source project is just one of a number of Intel projects related to making parallelism easier for programmers to find and use .
At the recent Research@Intel day , the company also showed off a project called CT , which is an alternative to OpenMP that aims to make it easier to express data - level parallelism .
In fact , most of the projects that Intel showed off at the research day were actually software projects that dealt with parallelism in some form or another .
Having bet the company on parallelism , Intel is doing everything it can to see that programmers are equipped to take advantage of multicore and many - core .
In a renewed effort to put a halt to piracy , Spanish Police shut down two BitTorrent sites .
Todotorrente.com and trackertdt.com were both taken offline and three administrators were arrested and accused of facilitating " copyright infringement " .
The main target , todotorrente.com , was one of the largest Spanish BitTorrent sites in Spain with tens of thousands active users .
On the site we now read the following message ( translated ) :
“ CLOSED BY JUDICIAL ORDER ”
According to the Police , todotorrente.com was responsible for more than 500,000 â‚¬ in losses to copyright holders , while the site itself made more than 30,000 â‚¬ in profits .
Numbers that ca n’t be backed up by any evidence of course , but we ’re used to that .
Todotorrente.com was not the only site affected by the raids .
In addition , the police took down trackertdt.com , a sister site of todotorrente.com .
Gamesfive.net , another sister site , now redirects to blackdivx.org .
This is not the first time that Spanish authorities take action against BitTorrent sites .
Last year , 15 administrators of BitTorrent and eDonkey sites were arrested , in the largest P2P raid in Spanish history .
Most of the sites that were shut down last year ( 17 in total ) remain unavailable up until today , however , pctorrent.com now redirects to newpct.com , one of the largest BitTorrent sites in Spain .
A bittersweet week for Spanish pirates .
* Photo : Rennio Maifredi * Ray Kurzweil , the famous inventor , is trim , balding , and not very tall .
With his perfect posture and narrow black glasses , he would look at home in an old documentary about Cape Canaveral , but his mission is bolder than any mere voyage into space .
He is attempting to travel across a frontier in time , to pass through the border between our era and a future so different as to be unrecognizable .
He calls this border the singularity .
Kurzweil is 60 , but he intends to be no more than 40 when the singularity arrives .
Kurzweil 's notion of a singularity is taken from cosmology , in which it signifies a border in spacetime beyond which normal rules of measurement do not apply ( the edge of a black hole , for example ) .
The word was first used to describe a crucial moment in the evolution of humanity by the great mathematician John von Neumann .
One day in the 1950s , while talking with his colleague Stanislaw Ulam , von Neumann began discussing the ever - accelerating pace of technological change , which , he said , " gives the appearance of approaching some essential singularity in the history of the race beyond which human affairs as we know them could not continue . "
Many years later , this idea was picked up by another mathematician , the professor and science fiction writer Vernor Vinge , who added an additional twist .
Vinge linked the singularity directly with improvements in computer hardware .
This put the future on a schedule .
He could look at how quickly computers were improving and make an educated guess about when the singularity would arrive .
" Within 30 years , we will have the technological means to create superhuman intelligence , " Vinge wrote at the beginning of his 1993 essay The Coming Technological Singularity : How to Survive in the Post - Human Era .
" Shortly after , the human era will be ended . "
According to Vinge , superintelligent machines will take charge of their own evolution , creating ever smarter successors .
Humans will become bystanders in history , too dull in comparison with their devices to make any decisions that matter .
Kurzweil transformed the singularity from an interesting speculation into a social movement .
His best - selling books
The Age of Spiritual Machines and The Singularity Is Near cover everything from unsolved problems in neuroscience to the question of whether intelligent machines should have legal rights .
But the crucial thing that Kurzweil did was to make the end of the human era seem actionable :
He argues that while artificial intelligence will render biological humans obsolete , it will not make human consciousness irrelevant .
The first AIs will be created , he says , as add - ons to human intelligence , modeled on our actual brains and used to extend our human reach .
AIs will help us see and hear better .
They will give us better memories and help us fight disease .
Eventually , AIs will allow us to conquer death itself .
The singularity wo n't destroy us , Kurzweil says .
Instead , it will immortalize us .
There are singularity conferences now , and singularity journals .
There has been a congressional report about confronting the challenges of the singularity , and late last year there was a meeting at the NASA Ames Research Center to explore the establishment of a singularity university .
The meeting was called by Peter Diamandis , who established the X Prize .
Attendees included senior government researchers from NASA , a noted Silicon Valley venture capitalist , a pioneer of private space exploration , and two computer scientists from Google .
At this meeting , there was some discussion about whether this university should avoid the provocative term singularity , with its cosmic connotations , and use a more ordinary phrase , like accelerating change .
Kurzweil argued strongly against backing off .
He is confident that the word will take hold as more and more of his astounding predictions come true .
Kurzweil does not believe in half measures .
He takes 180 to 210 vitamin and mineral supplements a day , so many that he does n't have time to organize them all himself .
So he 's hired a pill wrangler , who takes them out of their bottles and sorts them into daily doses , which he carries everywhere in plastic bags .
Kurzweil also spends one day a week at a medical clinic , receiving intravenous longevity treatments .
The reason for his focus on optimal health should be obvious :
If the singularity is going to render humans immortal by the middle of this century , it would be a shame to die in the interim .
To perish of a heart attack just before the singularity occurred would not only be sad for all the ordinary reasons , it would also be tragically bad luck , like being the last soldier shot down on the Western Front moments before the armistice was proclaimed .
Photo : Garry McLeodIn his childhood , Kurzweil was a technical prodigy .
Before he turned 13 , he 'd fashioned telephone relays into a calculating device that could find square roots .
At 14 , he wrote software that analyzed statistical deviance ; the program was distributed as standard equipment with the new IBM 1620 .
As a teenager , he cofounded a business that matched high school students with colleges based on computer evaluation of a mail - in questionnaire .
He sold the company to Harcourt , Brace & World in 1968 for $ 100,000 plus royalties and had his first small fortune while still an undergraduate at MIT .
Though Kurzweil was young , it would have been a poor bet to issue him life insurance using standard actuarial tables .
He has unlucky genes :
His father died of heart disease at 58 , his grandfather in his early forties .
He himself was diagnosed with high cholesterol and incipient type 2 diabetes — both considered to be significant risk factors for early death — when only 35 .
He felt his bad luck as a cloud hanging over his life .
Still , the inventor squeezed a lot of achievement out of these early years .
In his twenties , he tackled a science fiction type of problem : teaching computers to decipher words on a page and then read them back aloud .
At the time , common wisdom held that computers were too slow and too expensive to master printed text in all its forms , at least in a way that was commercially viable .
But Kurzweil had a special confidence that grew from a habit of mind he'd been cultivating for years :
He thought exponentially .
To illustrate what this means , consider the following quiz : 2 , 4 , ? , ?.
What are the missing numbers ?
Many people will say 6 and 8 .
This suggests a linear function .
But some will say the missing numbers are 8 and 16 .
This suggests an exponential function .
( Of course , both answers are correct .
This is a test of thinking style , not math skills . )
Human minds have a lot of practice with linear patterns .
If we set out on a walk , the time it takes will vary linearly with the distance we 're going .
If we bill by the hour , our income increases linearly with the number of hours we work .
Exponential change is also common , but it 's harder to see .
Financial advisers like to tantalize us by explaining how a tiny investment can grow into a startling sum through the exponential magic of compound interest .
But it 's psychologically difficult to heed their advice .
For years , an interest - bearing account increases by depressingly tiny amounts .
Then , in the last moment , it seems to jump .
Exponential growth is unintuitive , because it can be imperceptible for a long time and then move shockingly fast .
It takes training and experience , and perhaps a certain analytical coolness , to trust in exponential curves whose effects cannot be easily perceived .
Moore 's law — the observation by Intel cofounder Gordon Moore that the number of transistors on an integrated circuit doubles roughly every 18 months — is another example of exponential change .
For people like Kurzweil , it is the key example , because Moore 's law and its many derivatives suggest that just about any limit on computing power today will be overcome in short order .
While Kurzweil was working on his reading machine , computers were improving , and they were indeed improving exponentially .
The payoff came on January 13 , 1976 , when Walter Cronkite 's famous sign - off — " and that 's the way it is " — was read not by the anchorman but by the synthetic voice of a Kurzweil Reading Machine .
Stevie Wonder was the first customer .
The original reader was the size of a washing machine .
It read slowly and cost $ 50,000 .
One day late last year , as a winter storm broke across New England , I stood in Kurzweil 's small office suite in suburban Boston , playing with the latest version .
I hefted it in my hand , stuck it in my pocket , pulled it out again , then raised it above a book flopped open on the table .
A bright light flashed , and a voice began reading aloud .
The angle of the book , the curve of its pages , the uneven shadows — none of that was a problem .
The mechanical voice picked up from the numerals on the upper left corner — ... four hundred ten .
The singularity is near .
The continued opportunity to alleviate human distress is one key motivation for continuing technological advancement — and continued down the page in an artificial monotone .
Even after three decades of improvement , Kurzweil 's reader is a dull companion .
It expresses no emotion .
However , it is functionally brilliant to the point of magic .
It can handle hundreds of fonts and any size book .
It does n't mind being held at an angle by an unsteady hand .
Not only that , it also makes calls : Computers have become so fast and small they 've nearly disappeared , and the Kurzweil reader is now just software running on a Nokia phone .
In the late ' 70s , Kurzweil 's character - recognition algorithms were used to scan legal documents and articles from newspapers and magazines .
The result was the Lexis and Nexis databases .
And a few years later , Kurzweil released speech recognition software that is the direct ancestor of today 's robot customer service agents .
Their irritating mistakes taking orders and answering questions would seem to offer convincing evidence that real AI is still many years away .
But Kurzweil draws the opposite conclusion .
He admits that not everything he has invented works exactly as we might wish .
But if you will grant him exponential progress , the fact that we already have virtual robots standing in for retail clerks , and cell phones that read books out loud , is evidence that the world is about to change in even more fantastical ways .
Look at it this way :
If the series of numbers in the quiz mentioned earlier is linear and progresses for 100 steps , the final entry is 200 .
But if progress is exponential , then the final entry is 1,267,650,600,228,229,400,000,000,000,000 .
Computers will soon be smarter than humans .
Nobody has to die .
In a small medical office on the outskirts of Denver , with windows overlooking the dirty snow and the golden arches of a fast - food mini-mall , one of the world 's leading longevity physicians , Terry Grossman , works on keeping Ray Kurzweil alive .
Kurzweil is not Grossman 's only client .
The doctor charges $ 6,000 per appointment , and wealthy singularitarians from all over the world visit him to plan their leap into the future .
Grossman 's patient today is Matt Philips , 32 , who became independently wealthy when Yahoo bought the Internet advertising company where he worked for four years .
A young medical technician is snipping locks of his hair , and another is extracting small vials of blood .
Philips is in good shape at the moment , but he is aware that time marches on .
" I 'm dying slowly .
I can't feel it , but I know its happening , little by little , cell by cell , " he wrote on his intake questionnaire .
Philips has read Kurzweil 's books .
He is a smart , skeptical person and accepts that the future is not entirely predictable , but he also knows the meaning of upside .
At worst , his money buys him new information about his health .
At best , it makes him immortal .
" The normal human lifespan is about 125 years , " Grossman tells him .
But Philips was n't born until 1975 , so he starts with an advantage .
" I think somebody your age , and in your condition , has a reasonable chance of making it across the first bridge , " Grossman says .
According to Grossman and other singularitarians , immortality will arrive in stages .
First , lifestyle and aggressive antiaging therapies will allow more people to approach the 125 - year limit of the natural human lifespan .
This is bridge one .
Meanwhile , advanced medical technology will begin to fix some of the underlying biological causes of aging , allowing this natural limit to be surpassed .
This is bridge two .
Finally , computers become so powerful that they can model human consciousness .
This will permit us to download our personalities into nonbiological substrates .
When we cross this third bridge , we become information .
And then , as long as we maintain multiple copies of ourselves to protect against a system crash , we wo n't die .
Kurzweil himself started across the first bridge in 1988 .
That year , he confronted the risk that had been haunting him and began to treat his body as a machine .
He read up on the latest nutritional research , adopted the Pritikin diet , cut his fat intake to 10 percent of his calories , lost 40 pounds , and cured both his high cholesterol and his incipient diabetes .
Kurzweil wrote a book about his experience , The 10 % Solution for a Healthy Life .
But this was only the beginning .
Kurzweil met Grossman at a Foresight Nanotech Institute meeting in 1999 , and they became research partners .
Their object of investigation was Kurzweil 's body .
Having cured himself of his most pressing health problems , Kurzweil was interested in adopting the most advanced medical and nutritional technologies , but it was n't easy to find a doctor willing to tolerate his persistent questions .
Grossman was building a new type of practice , focused not on illness but on the pursuit of optimal health and extreme longevity .
The two men exchanged thousands of emails , sharing speculations about which cutting - edge discoveries could be safely tried .
Though both Grossman and Kurzweil respect science , their approach is necessarily improvisational .
If a therapy has some scientific promise and little risk , they 'll try it .
Kurzweil gets phosphatidylcholine intravenously , on the theory that this will rejuvenate all his body 's tissues .
He takes DHEA and testosterone .
Both men use special filters to produce alkaline water , which they drink between meals in the hope that negatively charged ions in the water will scavenge free radicals and produce a variety of health benefits .
This kind of thing may seem like quackery , especially when promoted by various New Age outfits touting the " pH miracle of living . "
Kurzweil and Grossman justify it not so much with scientific citations — though they have a few — but with a tinkerer 's shrug .
" Life is not a randomized , double - blind , placebo - controlled study , " Grossman explains .
" We do n't have that luxury .
We are operating with incomplete information .
The best we can do is experiment with ourselves . "
Obviously , Kurzweil has no plan for retirement .
He intends to sustain himself indefinitely through his intelligence , which he hopes will only grow .
A few years ago he deployed an automated system for making money on the stock market , called FatKat , which he uses to direct his own hedge fund .
He also earns about $ 1 million a year in speaking fees .
Meanwhile , he tries to safeguard his well - being .
As a driver he is cautious .
He frequently bicycles through the Boston suburbs , which is good for physical conditioning but also puts his immortality on the line .
For most people , such risks blend into the background of life , concealed by a cheerful fatalism that under ordinary conditions we take as a sign of mental health .
But of course Kurzweil objects to this fatalism .
He wants us to try harder to survive .
His plea is often ignored .
Kurzweil has written about the loneliness of being a singularitarian .
This may seem an odd complaint , given his large following , but there is something to it .
A dozen of his fans may show up in Denver every month to initiate longevity treatments , but many of them , like Matt Philips , are simply hedging their bets .
Most health fanatics remain agnostic , at best , on the question of immortality .
Kurzweil predicts that by the early 2030s , most of our fallible internal organs will have been replaced by tiny robots .
We 'll have " eliminated the heart , lungs , red and white blood cells , platelets , pancreas , thyroid and all the hormone - producing organs , kidneys , bladder , liver , lower esophagus , stomach , small intestines , large intestines , and bowel .
What we have left at this point is the skeleton , skin , sex organs , sensory organs , mouth and upper esophagus , and brain . "
In outlining these developments , Kurzweil 's tone is so calm and confident that he seems to be describing the world as it is today , rather than some distant , barely imaginable future .
This is because his prediction falls out cleanly from the equations he 's proposed .
Knowledge doubles every year , Kurzweil says .
He has estimated the number of computations necessary to simulate a human brain .
The rest is simple math .
But wait .
There may be something wrong .
Kurzweil 's theory of accelerating change is meant to be a universal law , applicable wherever intelligence is found .
It 's fine to say that knowledge doubles every year .
But then again , what is a year ?
A year is an astronomical artifact .
It is the length of time required by Earth to make one orbit around our unexceptional star .
A year is important to our nature , to our biology , to our fantasies and dreams .
But it is a strange unit to discover in a general law .
" Doubling every year , " I say to Kurzweil , " makes your theory sound like a wish . "
He 's not thrown off .
A year , he replies , is just shorthand .
The real equation for accelerating world knowledge is much more complicated than that .
( In his book , he gives it as : . )
He has examined the evidence , and welcomes debate on the minor details .
If you accept his basic premise of accelerating growth , he 'll yield a little on the date he predicts the singularity will occur .
After all , concede accelerating growth and the exponential fuse is lit .
At the end you get that big bang : an explosion in intelligence that yields immortal life .
Despite all this , people continue to disbelieve .
There is a lively discussion among experts about the validity of Moore 's law .
Kurzweil pushes Moore 's law back to the dawn of time , and forward to the end of the universe .
But many computer scientists and historians of technology wonder if it will last another decade .
Some suspect that the acceleration of computing power has already slowed .
There are also philosophical objections .
Kurzweil 's theory is that super - intelligent computers will necessarily be human , because they will be modeled on the human brain .
But there are other types of intelligence in the world — for instance , the intelligence of ant colonies — that are alien to humanity .
Grant that a computer , or a network of computers , might awaken .
The consciousness of the this fabulous AI might remain as incomprehensible to us as we are to the protozoa .
Other pessimists point out that the brain is more than raw processing power .
It also has a certain architecture , a certain design .
It is attached to specific type of nervous system , it accepts only particular kinds of inputs .
Even with better computational speed driving our thoughts , we might still be stuck in a kind of evolutionary dead end , incapable of radical self - improvement .
And these are the merely intellectual protests Kurzweil receives .
The fundamental cause for loneliness , if you are a prophet of the singularity , is probably more profound .
It stems from the simple fact that the idea is so strange .
" Death has been a ubiquitous , ever - present facet of human society , " says Kurzweil 's friend Martine Rothblatt , founder of Sirius radio and chair of United Therapeutics , a biotech firm on whose board Kurzweil sits .
" To tell people you are going to defeat death is like telling people you are going to travel back in time .
It has never been done .
I would be surprised if people had a positive reaction . "
To press his case , Kurzweil is writing and producing an autobiographical movie , with walk - ons by Alan Dershowitz and Tony Robbins .
Kurzweil appears in two guises , as himself and as an intelligent computer named Ramona , played by an actress .
Ramona has long been the inventor 's virtual alter ego and the expression of his most personal goals .
" Women are more interesting than men , " he says , " and if it 's more interesting to be with a woman , it is probably more interesting to be a woman . "
He hopes one day to bring Ramona to life , and to have genuine human experiences , both with her and as her .
Kurzweil has been married for 32 years to his wife , Sonya Kurzweil .
They have two children — one at Stanford University , one at Harvard Business School .
" I do n't necessarily only want to be Ramona , " he says .
" It 's not necessarily about gender confusion , it 's just about freedom to express yourself . "
Kurzweil 's movie offers a taste of the drama such a future will bring .
Ramona is on a quest to attain full legal rights as a person .
She agrees to take a Turing test , the classic proof of artificial intelligence , but although Ramona does her best to masquerade as human , she falls victim to one of the test 's subtle flaws : Humans have limited intelligence .
A computer that appears too smart will fail just as definitively as one that seems too dumb .
" She loses because she is too clever ! " Kurzweil says .
The inventor 's sympathy with his robot heroine is heartfelt .
" If you 're just very good at doing mathematical theorems and making stock market investments , you 're not going to pass the Turing test , " Kurzweil acknowledged in 2006 during a public debate with noted computer scientist David Gelernter .
Kurzweil himself is brilliant at math , and pretty good at stock market investments .
The great benefits of the singularity , for him , do not lie here .
" Human emotion is really the cutting edge of human intelligence , " he says .
" Being funny , expressing a loving sentiment — these are very complex behaviors . "
One day , sitting in his office overlooking the suburban parking lot , I ask Kurzweil if being a singularitarian makes him happy .
" If you took a poll of primitive man , happiness would be getting a fire to light more easily , " he says .
" But we 've expanded our horizon , and that kind of happiness is now the wrong thing to focus on .
Extending our knowledge and casting a wider net of consciousness is the purpose of life . "
Kurzweil expects that the world will soon be entirely saturated by thought .
Even the stones may compute , he says , within 200 years .
Every day he stays alive brings him closer to this climax in intelligence , and to the time when Ramona will be real .
Kurzweil is a technical person , but his goal is not technical in this respect .
Yes , he wants to become a robot .
But the robots of his dreams are complex , funny , loving machines .
They are as human as he hopes to be .
Gary Wolf ( gary@aether.com ) wrote about productivity guru David Allen in issue 15.10 .
Related Never Mind the Singularity , Here 's the Science
NANDED ( Maharashtra ) : A dalit youth had his eyes pierced for eloping with his upper - caste girlfriend whose relatives also beat up the boy and his friend in Sategaon village near here last week .
The Nanded district police have arrested six of the girl 's 12 relatives allegedly involved in the assault under the Atrocities on Scheduled Castes ( Prevention )
Act and are on the lookout for others accused of the assault , sources said .
The enraged relatives of the 15 - year old girl , Premala Jadhav , who admitted the dalit youth Chandrakant Gaikwad and his friend Milind Jondhale in two hospitals in Nanded in an apparent attempt to keep the crime under wraps , also warned Gaikwad 's parents against approaching the police , according to the sources .
Chandrakant and Milind told the police that Premala 's relatives caught them in Milind 's house in Khamareddy in Andhra Pradesh , where the three had fled last Saturday , and brought them to Sategaon in a jeep .
The assaulters had gagged Chandrakant and Milind while beating them all through the night of Jan 5 and piercing their eyes , said the police sources .
" When we fainted from severe thrashing , they sprinkled water on our faces to bring us back to consciousness and beat us up again , " the sources quoted Chandrakant and Mlind as saying .
" We have made the arrests on the basis of the two young men 's statement and started interrogating the accused in what looks like a clear case of atrocity falling under the ambit of the act , " Superintendent of Police Ravindra Singhal said .
Singhal said , while it is true that Chandrakant has sustained injuries in both his eyes and Milind in one , the version that their eyes were pierced is not true .
" The hospital authorities are yet to tell us about the severity of the wounds and whether the two young men stand a chance of regaining their eyesight , " he added .
While Chandrakant 's parents refrained from registering a complaint for fear of reprisal , the police took the action on their own following a tip - off received by Deputy Superintendent of Police Vasant Jadhav , the sources said .
“ The Shell Game ” is Rattling Some Powerful Nerves !
In the 1960s government agencies developed a program called “ COINTELPRO , ” which was designed to divide and destroy anti-war and civil rights movements through infiltration , harassment , and various dirty tricks .
This is public record .
After 7 years of 9/11 Truth activism , I ’ve got a pretty good sense of the rhythms of how things work .
There have been pivotal times over these years when the attacks on me have amped up .
In retrospect , those were the moments when something BIG was breaking through in the form of 9/11 truths having some affect that was scuttling neo -con plans , or getting a much larger segment of the population savvy to the 9/11 lies .
Following are some very creepy incidents that will make you doubt we live in a democracy .
HOWEVER , realize that many of the very creepy parts happened years ago when only a very few people were aware of 9/11 truth .
Today 36 % of the US population according to a Scripps Howard poll , not only know 9/11 was an inside job , but had no problems telling that to a pollster .
At this point there is nothing to fear from doing what ’s right , is my point .
But , when I started in 9/11 truth there were just a few of us , and the nation had been driven into a fear based insanity by the 9/11 attacks and corporate media ’s blitzkrieg of fear driven war drum pounding .
Six events come to mind , regarding the correlation between “ attacks ” and “ 9/11 truth breakthroughs ” :
1 ) The first mainstream press on 9/11 truth , leading to my email address
http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/MUL202A.html
2 ) Before Bush ’s speech to the United Nations , the campaign
to alert UN Members of 9/11 Truth
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K5M0xtxQVQ
3 ) The creation and national distribution of the iconic
“ Stop the 9/11 Cover Up ” signs
http://digitalstyledesigns.com/pages/signarchive.htm
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q9nRs8cu5Y
4 ) The creation of 911 Truth.org , the first mass 9/1 truth coalition
5 ) Bringing Sibel Edmonds to speak at the New York City for the
GOP Convention Protests of 2004
6 ) The impending possible massive sales of “ The Shell Game ”
What has marked all Six of these in my mind , is that the attacks on myself , or in the case of 911 Truth , the attacks on that group , went into frenzy mode .
Let me explain in detail .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Updated LOS ANGELES —
Our colleague Patrick Healy tells us that Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , facing big primaries against her rival Senator Barack Obama in places like Ohio and Texas , is weighing whether to lend her campaign money .
And in a quick update , her campaign has just confirmed that she ’d already lent her coffers $ 5 million of her own money in late January .
A just - issued statement from her camp :
The loan illustrates Senator Clinton ’s commitment to this effort and to ensuring that our campaign has the resources it needs to compete and win across this nation .
We have had one of our best fundraising efforts ever on the Web today and our Super Tuesday victories will only help in bringing more support for her candidacy .
More Updates :
At her news conference this afternoon , Senator Clinton acknowledged the loan , saying : “ I loaned the campaign $ 5 million from my money .
That ’s where I got the money .
I did it because I believe very strongly in this campaign , and we had a great month fund - raising in January , broke all our records , but my opponent was able to raise more money and we intended to be competitive – and we were – and I think the results last night proved the wisdom of my investment . ”
Her advisers says she ’s considering another loan because money is tight now — the mega - primaries yesterday were quite the financial drain .
And although she won many states yesterday , including some very big states like New York and California , the victories were n’t resoundingly decisive enough — especially when you look at the extremely tight delegate matchup right now — to inspire a lot of new giving , Pat says .
Plus , many of her donors had already maxed out for the primary season and more of her money than that raised by the Obama campaign was pledged to the general cycle and ca n’t be used right now .
Mr. Obama ’s campaign boasted a haul in January of $ 32 million with a lot of new , smaller donors .
On the other hand , news that she ’s willing to lend her campaign money may wring some money out of supporters who ’ve been watching from the sidelines .
Perhaps that ’s a cynical view .
Amazing , no ?
The $ 100 million election register just keeps on ringing .
( Marc Ambinder at The Atlantic.com blogged earlier that he could envision a scenario where the Clinton campaign issues an appeal to help match Hillary ’s donation .
Ha , clever . )
And of course , we ’re envisioning yet more messages from former President Bill Clinton and Chelsea .
Help my mom , please .
As Sen . John McCain ’s Democratic rivals slug it out with no end in sight , the Republican presidential nominee is carefully laying plans to stay in the headlines -- from an official foreign trip next week to a biographical campaign tour across America to a swing through economically disadvantaged areas and minority communities .
McCain is traveling to Iraq , Israel , London and Paris with Sens. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) , colleagues on the Armed Services Committee who are also staunch campaign supporters .
The trio will meet with King Abdullah in Amman , Jordan ; Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in Jerusalem ; British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in London ; and French President Nicolas Sarkozy in Paris .
On March 26 , shortly after his return , McCain will give a speech on foreign policy and national security to the Los Angeles World Affairs Council .
Advertisement
McCain has stressed that it will be a routine Senate trip focused on military and security issues and that he will not discuss presidential politics during his travels .
The campaign , however , will hold a luncheon fundraiser for McCain at London ’s Spencer House on Thursday .
Republican strategist Dan Schnur , a McCain aide in 2000 who has n’t been affiliated with a presidential campaign this year , said that the Arizona senator ’s travels “ might not get as much attention as Democrats saying mean things about each other , but it ’s an opportunity to steer the conversation in a direction that ’s going to benefit him in the fall . ”
“ The same issues that cause him such difficulties with conservative voters give him a real opportunity to reach out across party lines .
. . .
He ’s got an opportunity to talk to these voters without competition from a Democratic nominee , ” Schnur said .
“ It ’s rare that a candidate has such a clear field to do this . ”
Advertisement
Later this month , McCain plans to launch a “ Service to America ” tour tracing the roots of his military service and political career .
Though details are still being worked out by the campaign , McCain is expected to stop in Mississippi ’s Carroll County , where his great - grandfather was a sheriff and his grandfather was raised on the family ’s plantation , as well as Meridian , Miss. , where McCain was stationed as a flight instructor .
McCain ’s advisors say he also is likely to make stops at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis , Md. ; in Pensacola , Fla. , where he attended flight school ; and in the Jacksonville , Fla. , area , where his family awaited his return after he was captured and held as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam .
One of McCain ’s supporters noted during a campaign event Friday that today is the 35th anniversary of his release .
Advertisement
The tour is also expected to introduce voters to the origins of McCain ’s political career in Arizona , where he first ran for Congress in 1982 , and may include a trip to the Grand Canyon , where McCain hiked with his son two summers ago .
“ It ’s about visiting places that helped shape his life , his values and his commitment to national service , ” McCain ’s advisor Charles Black said .
Later this year , McCain ’s advisors say , he will shift the spotlight to domestic and economic policy while reaching out to voters beyond the traditional Republican constituency -- holding town halls in inner cities , African American and Latino communities , and economically disadvantaged areas like Appalachia .
“ He ’s not going to pop around doing airport rallies .
. . .
He likes to campaign in a conversation with the American people , ” McCain aide Mark Salter said .
“ He ’s going to make his case for his candidacy . ”
Advertisement
The weeklong overseas trip marks McCain ’s first break from the campaign trail in many months .
After clinching the Republican nomination March 4 with victories in Ohio and Texas , McCain scaled back his campaign schedule -- to one public event a day usually -- while holding as many as two fundraisers a day .
--
maeve.reston@latimes.com
During the 2006 war , Hezbollah fired long - range rockets from Lebanon into towns in northern Israel .
And Israeli military officials warned that it might just be the start of the bombardment .
Instead of throwing rocks – or setting off suicide bombs – " the next Palestinian uprising could be ' a ballistic intifada , ' " those officials told The Washington Post .
Unfortunately , it looks like they were right .
Israeli forces just ended a raid into the Gaza Strip , after months of longer - range Hamas rocket strikes – including ones on the northern edges of the city of Ashkhelon , which has escaped such attacks in the past .
* The * New York Times reports that " Hamas leaders seemed to be following the playbook of their Lebanese ally , Hezbollah , in its 2006 war with Israel . "
Fawzi Barhoum , a spokesman for Hamas in Gaza , said that like Hezbollah , Hamas had “ gone from the stone to the rocket . ”
“ What we learned from Hezbollah , ” he said , “ is that resistance is a choice that can work . ”
Shorter - range rocket attacks have been a hallmark of Palestinian militants for years .
But these Grad rockets – possibly Iranian imports– can fly much further , up to 14 miles .
Ha'Aretz reviews nine options for what Israel can do next – ranging from bad to awful .
Meanwhile , Israel has just finished building 1700 shelters , to protect against bomb and rocket attacks .
( Big ups : Umansky )
Above is a brief segment from Senator Hillary Clinton 's vote for the Iraq War resolution .
The complete speech can be seen in its entirety here ( part 1 ) and here ( part 2 ) .
This morning on Meet the Press sparks flew as Russert brought up Senator Clinton 's vote yet again .
Transcript is here .
Download Download
Tim Russert contrasts what she said at the time with what Barack Obama said in 2002 ( then an Illinois state senator ) :
" I know that Saddam poses no imminent and direct threat to the United States , or to his neighbors .
... I know that even a successful war against Iraq will require a U.S. occupation of undetermined length , at undetermined cost , with undetermined consequences .
I know that " " invasion of Iraq without a clear rationale " " without strong international support will only fan the flames of the Middle East , and encourage the worst , rather than the best , impulses of the Arab world , and strengthen the recruitment arm of al - Qaeda .
I am not opposed to all wars .
I 'm opposed to dumb wars . "
RUSSERT : Who had the better judgment at that time ?
Senator Clinton briefly outlined why she voted as she did , that her vote was not one for preemptive war but for further UN weapons inspections , and that she had President Bush 's personal assurances that all avenues would be taken to prevent war , war as an option only of last resort .
Then a curious thing takes place .
Rather than debate Senator Obama 's judgment with her own , there is a long , rather tortured argument over the consistency of Obama 's statements on the Iraq War , voting patterns over funding , and even questions about his political motivations .
It was all rather perplexing to watch , seemingly taken from the Karl Rove playbook of attacking your opponent 's strength .
Obama shot back :
I have to point out that instead of telling the American people about her positive vision for America , Senator Clinton spent an hour talking about me and my record in a way that was flat out wrong .
She suggested that I did n't clearly and unambiguously oppose the war in Iraq when it is absolutely clear and anyone who has followed this knows that I did .
I stood up against the war when she was voting for it , at a time when she did n't read the intelligence reports or give diplomacy a chance .
... I have to say that she started this campaign saying that she wanted to make history and lately she has been spending a lot of time rewriting it .
I know that in Washington it is acceptable to say or do anything it takes to get elected but I really do n't think that is the kind of politics that is good for our party and I do n't think it is good for our country and I think that the American people will reject it in this election .
Since New Hampshire this election seems to have entered a new , decidedly more personal phase .
One which incidentally does not include John Edwards as he was barely mentioned , either by Mrs Clinton or by Russert .
( Aster Amellus )
TheGardenLady received this question from Helen :
I have a friend who has recently lost a little boy named George , and I was wondering if there is any flower or plant that represents this name .
I think your question is a beautiful one – to honor a little boy named George .
When plant breeders create a new cultivar , they often name it after someone .
See here or here .
Sometimes the name they give is for a person who is from royalty or someone famous ; many roses are named after actors .
The GardenLady presents a short list of plant cultivars with the name George in it .
In 2007 , at the Hampton Court Palace Flower Show , a new rose cultivar was introduced .
Rosa ‘ George Best ’ was named after the late , great Northern Ireland footballer ( soccer player ) George Best .
This rose can be planted in a border or in a container and is easy for a beginner to raise in full sun .
You should be able to order this rose in England .
See here .
Each ‘ George Best ’ rose sold gives a percentage to benefit the foundation set up in his name .
Because this rose is so new , TheGardenLady does not know where to buy Rosa ‘ George Rose ’ in the states .
A reader wanting the same rose could contact good nurseries that sell roses - like Matterhorn Nursery in NY , and if they do n’t sell this rose , they might be able to tell you who sells it .
Another shrub that has George in its name is Syringa julianae “ George Eastman ” a hardy dwarf lilac that is deer resistent and grows from zone 2 to zone 7 .
The flower buds are wine red and the flowers open a deep cerise - pink .
This lilac is advertised for sale in numerous US nurseries like this one .
The GardenLady does not know where to find this lilac in the UK but could contact one of this site ’s sponsors .
The people at this site might also be able to come up with other suggestions of plants with George in the name .
A third plant suggestion is the perennial Aster amellus ‘ King George . ’
This prolific bloomer was given the Award of Garden Merit by the Royal Horticulture Society .
It is an easy plant for a beginner and stays compact so that it does n’t have to be staked .
The Garden Lady is certain that this perennial can be easily located in England as well as the states .
The reader can Google up more names of other plants and look for the cultivar having the name George in it .
Related Content :
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
February 4th , 2008
I do n’t expect people to know much about computers , but the story about Iran having no Internet access is complete nonsense .
It scares the living crap out of me that so many Cryptogon readers are propagating this nonsense without even trying to verify whether or not the story is true .
( In fairness , one Cryptogon reader who submitted it later wrote that , by the same measure , Florida had no Internet services .
HAHA )
The page that all of you are submitting monitors one router , which happens to be down , at the Iran University of Science and Technology .
Somehow , through the magic bullshit amplification powers of the Intertubes , the fact that one router is down at an Iranian university has snowballed into “ Iran is off the air . ”
Oh really ?
Why not check out the Iran University of Science and Technology ’s homepage ?
http://www.iust.ac.ir
IP : 194.225.230.89
Machine Location : Tehran , Iran
How about the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs ?
http://www.mfa.gov.ir
IP : 217.172.99.41
Machine Location : Tehran , Iran
How about the Central Bank of The Islamic Republic of Iran ?
http://www.cbi.ir
IP : 217.218.174.178
Machine Location : Tehran , Iran
Hint : Do n’t believe everything you read on Reddit and Slashdot .
More : ATTENTION : Iran is not disconnected !
RIDGEWOOD , N.J. – School will soon be back in session and the Ridgewood Library will re-open its MakerSpace for parents and children to tackle projects aimed at educating .
The do - it - yourself space will offer hands - on activities for the whole family .
Use of the space is free for Ridgewood residents , $ 5 per project for visitors .
Children under 10 must be accompanied by an adult .
For more information , visit the Ridgewood Library 's website .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
By DANIEL BOFFEY
Last updated at 12:22 13 January 2008
Osama Bin Laden 's son has applied for a British visa so he can live in Britain with his wife .
Omar Bin Laden , 26 , who admits attending terror training with the Al Qaeda leader in Afghanistan , has been interviewed with his wife Jane Felix - Browne , 52 , by British Embassy officials in Cairo , where he is currently living .
The couple plan to set up house in Jane 's £ 550,000 home in Moulton , Cheshire , have a child through a surrogate mother and work as " peace activists " .
Scroll down for more
Omar and six - times - married Jane , who has changed her name to Zaina Al Sabah Bin Laden , have given the embassy access to their bank accounts to allow checks on the authenticity of their relationship .
The son of the world 's most wanted man has divorced his first wife , the mother of his two - year - old son , to prove his marriage to Jane is genuine .
The couple claim they have been assured the visa application will be given the green light when the embassy receives the divorce documents from Saudi Arabia , proving Omar is solely married to Jane .
He and Jane , who has three sons and five grandchildren , married following a whirlwind romance in September 2006 after meeting outside the Pyramids in Cairo .
The couple made their application to the embassy in Cairo last November .
A UK marriage visa would give Omar , the fourth son of the architect of the 9/11 Twin Towers outrage , " leave to remain in the UK " with no time limit on his stay .
Initially , visas for spouse immigration are for two years , after which a person can apply for Indefinite Leave to Remain , which would make Omar eligible for a UK passport .
Jane said : " The embassy staff are all very friendly and they are doing all the checks .
It could take a while for the visa to come through but there 's no reason in law why Omar and I should not be able to live in the UK together .
" It is very easy to get a tourist visa .
Other members of Omar 's family have had them , but we have applied for a settlement visa .
We would stay in Cheshire where I have a house .
" We have been told there will not be a problem as long as we can provide the original documents from his divorce from
his first wife .
And that should be done in a week . "
Meanwhile , the couple are organising a 3,000 - mile horse ride from Cairo to Morocco in support of " peace " and in defiance of the threat of terrorist attacks in the area .
Earlier this month , the famous Dakar Rally for cars and motorbikes from Lisbon across north - west Africa to Senegal was cancelled because of fears of an
Al Qaeda attack .
Last month four French tourists were murdered in Mauritania – through which much of the rally runs .
But Omar , who last saw his father in Afghanistan in 2000 , told The Mail on Sunday :
" Associates of my father forced the cancellation of the Dakar Rally , but they wo n't stop me from riding .
" We want people to join us on the trek – Jews , Arabs , Christians , Muslims , it does n't matter where people are from . "
Jane and Omar reportedly divorced last year , but it had been staged following a series of death threats .
Jane says they are now looking for a surrogate mother so that she can have a child with her new husband .
Immigration lawyer Laura Divine said the Home Office and Foreign and Commonwealth Office would usually accept an application for a marriage and settlement visa if all the eligibility criteria were satisfied .
She added : " They would want to see Bin Laden 's divorce papers because it is the woman in this case applying for her husband to join her , and that husband must have only one wife . "
The British Embassy refused to comment on individual cases .
In Jane 's home village of Moulton , neighbours told of their surprise that Osama Bin Laden 's son wanted to move from Egypt .
One said : " There 's something different every couple of weeks – the last I knew she was getting divorced .
" Why would Bin Laden want to come to this cold , miserable climate ?
Give me Egypt any day . "
( The 10th amendment of the US Constitution created a patchwork quilt of state laws related to driving , which is why Jalopnik sorts through the red tape to bring you detailed guides to driving topics such as teenage driving , speed limits , open containers , dehorsing and lemon laws . )
We we 're tempted to just limit this guide to stating that , unless necessary , you should n't use your cell phone while driving ( A CB Radio is much cooler anyways ) .
But that would make some of us ( ahem , Wert ) serious hypocrites .
There 's no state with an all out ban on all types of cell usage , though approximately half of all states have some sort of laws on the books .
Advertisement
City laws vary so we 're going to focus on the current level of statewide cell phone bans .
In states with jurisdictional laws we 'll list the cities included .
It is important to note that Chicago , the city with one of the strictest cell phone use policies , is being sued because of the law .
The attorneys that filed the suit are claiming that the ban has n't been properly enacted .
The suit does n't undermine the legality of enacting such bans , however .
Advertisement
Novice Drivers
The District of Columbia and 17 states currently have laws focused on novice drivers , generally meaning those with learner 's permits or restricted / novice licenses .
These laws almost always include a full ban on persons driving with learner 's permits from using a cell phone in a non-emergency situation .
New Jersey does n't allow drivers under the age of 21 to use a cell phone while driving if they do n't have a full , non-graduated license .
This is all premised on the theory that young drivers are bad enough as it is without yet another distraction .
Preemption Laws
For various reasons , some states do n't allow local municipalities to create cell phone driving bans .
States like Florida do n't allow local municipalities to make any sort of laws related to the use of motor vehicles , which would include cell phone driving bans .
Kentucky , on the other hand , specifically states that city or county governments can't impose driving bans .
Localities are explicitly allowed to create cell phone driving bans in six states ( Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Mexico , Ohio and Pennsylvania ) .
School Bus Drivers
This is sort of no brainer , but only 14 states and the District of Columbia currently have a ban on School Bus drivers talking or texting in non-emergency situations .
While we understand why it 's a common occurrence , we 're a bit surprised to see less states taking action to avoid disasters ( we can't imagine there 's that strong of a school bus drivers union ) .
Hands - Free Sets
There 's much argument over whether or not hands - free sets are safer , though we tend to doubt it .
The few moments we 've lapsed on the phone while driving it was n't because we were looking at the buttons it was because we were paying attention to what was being said .
Be that as it may , it 's legal to use a cell phone with a hands - free kit according to state laws ( city laws may vary ) .
Advertisement
Primary v. Secondary
As with many laws , including seat belt laws and open container laws , enforcement is either primary or secondary .
If it is a primary enforcement law , that means you can get pulled over just for violating it .
If it 's a secondary law you have to also break an additional law before you can get cited .
For example , it 's a secondary law in Colorado therefore you 'd have to run a stop sign or speed before getting the additional ticket for violating the cell phone ban .
Advertisement
State Laws
These are as of 12/01/2007 and apply only to state - wide laws .
Where noted these laws do n't go into effect immediately .
Alabama
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Alaska
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Arizona
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Arkansas
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : Primary
California
Hand - Held Devices : Yes ( as of July 2008 )
Bus Drivers : Banned ( including transit operators )
Novice Restrictions : 18 and Under ( as of July 2008 )
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Colorado
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit
Enforcement : N / A
Connecticut
Hand - Held Devices : Banned
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Under 18
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Delaware
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate Licenses
Enforcement : Primary
Florida
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Georgia
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Hawaii
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Idaho
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Illinois
Hand - Held Devices : Chicago Only
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Under 19 and Learner 's Permit
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Indiana
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Iowa
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Kansas
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Kentucky
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Louisiana
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Maine
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate License
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Maryland
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate License
Enforcement : Secondary
Massachusetts
Hand - Held Devices : Brookline
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Michigan
Hand - Held Devices : Detroit
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Minnesota
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Provisional Licenses for the first 12 months after licensing
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Mississippi
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Missouri
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Montana .
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Nebraska
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learners Permit and Intermediate License Holders under 18 , includes Blackberry and other wireless devices
Enforcement : Secondary
Advertisement
Nevada
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
New Hampshire
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
New Jersey
Hand - Held Devices : Banned , Including Text Messaging ( As Of 3/01/08 )
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate Licenses
Enforcement : Primary
New Mexico
Hand - Held Devices : Santa Fe
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Additional Restrictions :
New York
Hand - Held Devices : Banned
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
North Carolina
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Drivers Under 18
Enforcement : Primary
North Dakota
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Ohio
Hand - Held Devices : Brookyln , North Olmstead and Walton Hills
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Oklahoma
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Oregon
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate Licenses ( As of 2008 )
Enforcement : Secondary
Pennsylvania
Hand - Held Devices : Lebanon , Conshohocken and Conshohocken
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Rhode Island
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Under 18
Enforcement : Primary
South Carolina
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
South Dakota
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Tennessee
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate Licenses
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
Texas
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Banned When Students Present
Novice Restrictions : Intermediate License Holders
Enforcement : Primary
Utah
Hand - Held Devices : Banned
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : Secondary
Advertisement
Vermont
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Virginia
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Intermediate License Holders
Enforcement : Secondary
Advertisement
Washington
Hand - Held Devices : Banned ( As of July 2008 ) Text Message ( As of 2008 )
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : Secondary
Washington , D.C .
Hand - Held Devices : Primary
Bus Drivers : Banned
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit Holders
Enforcement : Primary
Advertisement
West Virginia
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : Learner 's Permit and Intermediate License Holders
Enforcement : Secondary
Wisconsin
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
Advertisement
Wyoming
Hand - Held Devices : Allowed
Bus Drivers : Allowed
Novice Restrictions : None
Enforcement : N / A
[ Sources : Governor 's Highway Safety Association and Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ]
" In May , 1948 , the Jews made these promises that the State of Israel : " will foster the development of the country for the benefit of all its inhabitants ; it will be based on freedom , justice and peace as envisaged by the prophets of Israel ; it will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion , race or sex ; it will guarantee freedom of religion , conscience , language , education and culture ; it will safeguard the Holy Places of all religions ; and it will be faithful to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations . "
ERETZ -ISRAEL [ ( Hebrew ) - The Land of Israel ] was the birthplace of the Jewish people .
Here their spiritual , religious and political identity was shaped .
Here they first attained to statehood , created cultural values of national and universal significance and gave to the world the eternal Book of Books .
After being forcibly exiled from their land , the people remained faithful to it throughout their Dispersion and never ceased to pray and hope for their return to it and for the restoration in it of their political freedom .
Impelled by this historic and traditional attachment , Jews strove in every successive generation to re-establish themselves in their ancient homeland .
In recent decades they returned in their masses .
Pioneers , ma'pilim [ ( Hebrew ) - immigrants coming to Eretz - Israel in defiance of restrictive legislation ] and defenders , they made deserts bloom , revived the Hebrew language , built villages and towns , and created a thriving community controlling its own economy and culture , loving peace but knowing how to defend itself , bringing the blessings of progress to all the country 's inhabitants , and aspiring towards independent nationhood .
In the year 5657 ( 1897 ) , at the summons of the spiritual father of the Jewish State , Theodore Herzl , the First Zionist Congress convened and proclaimed the right of the Jewish people to national rebirth in its own country .
This right was recognized in the Balfour Declaration of the 2nd November , 1917 , and re-affirmed in the Mandate of the League of Nations which , in particular , gave international sanction to the historic connection between the Jewish people and Eretz - Israel and to the right of the Jewish people to rebuild its National Home .
The catastrophe which recently befell the Jewish people - the massacre of millions of Jews in Europe - was another clear demonstration of the urgency of solving the problem of its homelessness by re-establishing in Eretz - Israel the Jewish State , which would open the gates of the homeland wide to every Jew and confer upon the Jewish people the status of a fully privileged member of the comity of nations .
Survivors of the Nazi holocaust in Europe , as well as Jews from other parts of the world , continued to migrate to Eretz - Israel , undaunted by difficulties , restrictions and dangers , and never ceased to assert their right to a life of dignity , freedom and honest toil in their national homeland .
In the Second World War , the Jewish community of this country contributed its full share to the struggle of the freedom - and peace - loving nations against the forces of Nazi wickedness and , by the blood of its soldiers and its war effort , gained the right to be reckoned among the peoples who founded the United Nations .
On the 29th November , 1947 , the United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution calling for the establishment of a Jewish State in Eretz - Israel ; the General Assembly required the inhabitants of Eretz - Israel to take such steps as were necessary on their part for the implementation of that resolution .
This recognition by the United Nations of the right of the Jewish people to establish their State is irrevocable .
This right is the natural right of the Jewish people to be masters of their own fate , like all other nations , in their own sovereign State .
ACCORDINGLY WE , MEMBERS OF THE PEOPLE'S COUNCIL , REPRESENTATIVES OF THE JEWISH COMMUNITY OF ERETZ - ISRAEL AND OF THE ZIONIST MOVEMENT , ARE HERE ASSEMBLED ON THE DAY OF THE TERMINATION OF THE BRITISH MANDATE OVER ERETZ - ISRAEL AND , BY VIRTUE OF OUR NATURAL AND HISTORIC RIGHT AND ON THE STRENGTH OF THE RESOLUTION OF THE UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY , HEREBY DECLARE THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A JEWISH STATE IN ERETZ - ISRAEL , TO BE KNOWN AS THE STATE OF ISRAEL .
WE DECLARE that , with effect from the moment of the termination of the Mandate being tonight , the eve of Sabbath , the 6th Iyar , 5708 ( 15th May , 1948 ) , until the establishment of the elected , regular authorities of the State in accordance with the Constitution which shall be adopted by the Elected Constituent Assembly not later than the 1st October 1948 , the People 's Council shall act as a Provisional Council of State , and its executive organ , the People 's Administration , shall be the Provisional Government of the Jewish State , to be called " Israel " .
THE STATE OF ISRAEL will be open for Jewish immigration and for the Ingathering of the Exiles ; it will foster the development of the country for the benefit of all its inhabitants ; it will be based on freedom , justice and peace as envisaged by the prophets of Israel ; it will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion , race or sex ; it will guarantee freedom of religion , conscience , language , education and culture ; it will safeguard the Holy Places of all religions ; and it will be faithful to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations .
THE STATE OF ISRAEL is prepared to cooperate with the agencies and representatives of the United Nations in implementing the resolution of the General Assembly of the 29th November , 1947 , and will take steps to bring about the economic union of the whole of Eretz - Israel .
WE APPEAL to the United Nations to assist the Jewish people in the building - up of its State and to receive the State of Israel into the comity of nations .
WE APPEAL - in the very midst of the onslaught launched against us now for months - to the Arab inhabitants of the State of Israel to preserve peace and participate in the upbuilding of the State on the basis of full and equal citizenship and due representation in all its provisional and permanent institutions .
WE EXTEND our hand to all neighboring states and their peoples in an offer of peace and good neighborliness , and appeal to them to establish bonds of cooperation and mutual help with the sovereign Jewish people settled in its own land .
The State of Israel is prepared to do its share in a common effort for the advancement of the entire Middle East .
WE APPEAL to the Jewish people throughout the Diaspora to rally round the Jews of Eretz - Israel in the tasks of immigration and upbuilding and to stand by them in the great struggle for the realization of the age - old dream - the redemption of Israel .
PLACING OUR TRUST IN THE ALMIGHTY , WE AFFIX OUR SIGNATURES TO THIS PROCLAMATION AT THIS SESSION OF THE PROVISIONAL COUNCIL OF STATE , ON THE SOIL OF THE HOMELAND , IN THE CITY OF TEL - AVIV , ON THIS SABBATH EVE , THE 5TH DAY OF IYAR , 5708 ( 14TH MAY , 1948 ) .
David Ben-Gurion Daniel Auster Mordekhai Bentov Yitzchak Ben Zvi Eliyahu Berligne Fritz Bernstein Rabbi Wolf Gold Meir Grabovsky Yitzchak Gruenbaum Dr. Abraham Granovsky Eliyahu Dobkin Meir Wilner - Kovner Zerach Wahrhaftig Herzl Vardi Rachel Cohen Rabbi Kalman Kahana Saadia Kobashi Rabbi Yitzchak Meir Levin Meir David Loewenstein Zvi Luria Golda Myerson Nachum Nir Zvi Segal Rabbi Yehuda Leib Hacohen Fishman David Zvi Pinkas Aharon Zisling Moshe Kolodny Eliezer Kaplan Abraham Katznelson Felix Rosenblueth David Remez Berl Repetur Mordekhai Shattner Ben Zion Sternberg Bekhor Shitreet Moshe Shapira Moshe Shertok 20th Century Page Middle East Page Avalon Home Page - Statement of Purpose and Document Inclusion Policy Search Page Help Desk & FAQ Avalon Home Document Collections
What 's New © 1996 - 2007 The Avalon Project at Yale Law School .
The Lillian Goldman Law Library in Memory of Sol Goldman .
127 Wall Street New Haven , Connecticut 06520
See an aerial image showing the extent of the damage
Enlarge Image
The vessel , which was undergoing a £ 25 m restoration , is kept in a dry dock at Greenwich in south - east London .
Police are analysing CCTV images which are thought to show people in the area shortly before the fire started .
A Cutty Sark
Trust spokesman said much of the ship had been removed for restoration and the damage could have been worse .
Half the planking and the masts had been taken away as part of the project .
Chris Livett , chairman of Cutty Sark Enterprises which is repairing the clipper , said at the scene : " From where I stand there is not a huge amount of damage to the planking that was left on .
" There are pockets of charred planking and some have gone , but it does n't look as bad as first envisaged . "
The chief executive of the charitable Cutty Sark Trust , Richard Doughty , said : " What is special about Cutty Sark is the timbers , the iron frames that went to the South China Seas , and to think that that is threatened in any way is unbelievable , it 's an unimaginable shock . "
Following an inspection of the site on Monday afternoon , Mr Doughty said : " Buckling of the hull remains a big fear but until we do the measurements we are not going to know .
" With my naked eye , as far as I have been able to see , the structure of the ship seems to be intact . "
Insp Bruce Middlemiss said detectives were looking into the possibility that the fire had been started deliberately .
Special history
Firefighters were called to the scene at 0445 BST and the flames were put out by 0700 BST .
An area around the 138 - year - old tea clipper had to be evacuated during the blaze .
" The cause of the fire is now under investigation by London Fire Brigade and the Metropolitan Police , " a London Fire Brigade spokesman said .
A number of witnesses have already come forward and the police are urging anyone else who may have been in the area to contact them .
A silver car was seen leaving the scene but police said there is nothing at this stage to link it to the fire .
CUTTY SARK Built in 1869 at Dumbarton on the River Clyde Designed by Hercules Linton First voyage February 1870 210 ft ( 64 m ) long Main mast stood 152ft ( 46.3 m ) above the deck Has had 15 million visitors Preserved as a tribute to merchant navy workers
Send us your comments
Greenwich Council leader councillor Chris Roberts said : " This is a devastating blow for what is a truly iconic symbol of Greenwich across the world .
" The Cutty Sark has a unique and special history , which helps to draw millions of visitors to Greenwich every year . "
The Cutty Sark left London on her maiden voyage on 16 February 1870 , sailing around The Cape of Good Hope to Shanghai in three - and - a - half months .
She made eight journeys to China as part of the tea trade until steam ships replaced sail on the high seas .
The ship was later used for training naval cadets during World War II , and in 1951 was moored in London for the Festival of Britain .
Shortly afterwards , she was acquired by the Cutty Sark Society .
The ship was undergoing conservation work because sea salt had accelerated the corrosion of her iron framework .
Dr Eric Kentley , curatorial consultant to the Cutty Sark Trust , said of the ship : " It can be saved .
It 's certainly not completely devastated .
" We will put her back together - but it 's going to take much , much longer and a lot more money than we originally thought . "
Visit London 's chief executive James Bidwell said : " The ship 's need for vital conservation has put it in the public eye recently and we can only hope that this terrible fire will redouble all our efforts to preserve this wonderful part of London 's heritage . "
The Duke of Edinburgh is due to visit the Cutty Sark on Tuesday .
Culture Secretary Tessa Jowell inspected the remains on Monday afternoon .
The Cutty Sark Trust is appealing for funds to help repair the fire damage and complete the restoration .
English
証拠収集とアーカイビングのためのガイドライン
( Guidelines for Evidence Collection and Archiving )
このメモの位置づ け
著作権表 記
要旨
目次
1 はじめに English
1.1 本書中の用語の用法 English
本書中のキーワード " REQUIRED " , " MUST " , " MUST NOT " , " SHOULD " , " SHOULD NOT " および " MAY " は、「 RFC において要請の程度を示すために用いるキーワード ( Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement Levels ) 」 [ RFC2119 ] に記述されているように解釈されるべきものです。
2 証拠収集における指導原則 English
2.1 揮発性の順序 English
2.2 避けるべき事項 English
2.3 プライバシーについての考慮事項 English
2.4 法的な考慮事項 English
3 収集手順 English
3.1 透明性 English
3.2 収集ステップ English
4 アーカイビング手順 English
4.1 カストディの連鎖 English
4.2 どこに、どのようにアーカイブするか
English
5 必要となるツール English
6 参考文献
7 謝辞 English
8 セキュリティについての考慮事項 English
9 著者のアドレ ス
10 著作権表記全 文
Copyright ( C ) The Internet Society ( 2002 ) .
All Rights Reserved .
This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others , and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its implementation may be prepared , copied , published and distributed , in whole or in part , without restriction of any kind , provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are included on all such copies and derivative works .
However , this document itself may not be modified in any way , such as by removing the copyright notice or references to the Internet Society or other Internet organizations , except as needed for the purpose of developing Internet standards in which case the procedures for copyrights defined in the Internet Standards process must be followed , or as required to translate it into languages other than English .
The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by the Internet Society or its successors or assigns .
This document and the information contained herein is provided on an " AS IS " basis and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Watch as one of America ’s sexiest geeks , Kari Byron , chops down a tree with a M - 134D minigun .
This dangerous toy can fire at a rate of about 3,000 rounds per minute , or 50 per second .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
VIDEO UPDATE - Wexler on Floor : ' Not since Watergate has a President so blatantly ignored the will of Congress ... The Constitution demands that we hold these renegade officials in contempt of Congress ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/14/2008 , 4:39 pm PT
Buried by a number of other things today , we refer you to Paul Kiel 's coverage with a note that Harry Reid 's Senate has yet to hold a floor vote on similar contempt citations against Karl Rove and Josh Bolten , as recommended to him by a bi-partisan Senate Judiciary Committee vote last December ...
Well , after all that --- after seven months , it 's done .
The House passed the contempt resolution against White House chief of staff Josh Bolten and Harriet Miers , 223-32 .
Most Republicans , having staged their walk out , did not vote .
So now the ball 's in Attorney General Michael Mukasey 's court .
He 's expected to decline to enforce the citation of contempt , since both Bolten and Miers declined to testify as a result of an assertion of executive privilege .
The resolution included both a criminal contempt citation and the authorization for the House Judiciary Committee to sue the White House if Mukasey refuses to enforce the citation .
You can read those here .
Update : Here 's the final tally .
UPDATE : Our favorite House member of late , Rep. Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) , speaks in favor of the contempt resolution for a minute and a half .
Video at right , full statement below ...
especially not President Bush or Vice - President Cheney .
It is high time to defend the Constitution and Congress as a co-equal branch of Government .
Our liberty and freedoms as Americans are dependent on the checks and balances that protect our nation .
Madame Speaker , no one is immune from accountability and the rule of law .
Not Harriet Miers or Josh Bolten .
Andnot President Bush or Vice - President Cheney .
It is high time to defend the Constitution and Congress as a co-equal branch of Government .
Our liberty and freedoms as Americans are dependent on the checks and balances that protect our nation .
Not since Watergate ... Not since Watergate has a President so openly disregarded the will of Congress .
Josh Bolten and Harriet Miers have blatantly ignored Congressional subpoenas , thumbing their nose at Congress and our obligation of legitimate oversight .
The power of the Congressional subpoena safeguards our liberty .
It protects against an all - powerful President .
The Constitution demands that we hold these renegade officials in contempt of Congress .
Thank you Madame Chair , Madame Speaker .
For many Yahoo employees , the prospect that Microsoft might acquire the quirky Silicon Valley icon is about as appealing as a bad case of hives .
One Yahoo engineer confessed his apprehension at trading in his Sunnyvale purple for Redmond 's muted hues this way : " The shareholders will be jumping for joy .
But , for us , this is the frosting on a giant double - layer suck cake . "
Granted ,
Yahoos have been through a hard time lately , enduring several years of Terry Semel 's ineffectual management ( for which he got paid nearly half a billion ) , then watching as company 's stock price dove into the toilet early this year .
So for some employees , last Friday 's roughly 50 percent run-up in YHOO 's stock price was a welcome relief .
And there 's the promise of vesting stock and engineer retention bonuses to help ease the potential transition , as blogger Greg Sterling points out .
Still , enthusiasm for the deal seems low based on Yahoos ' public comments .
Executive Bradley Horowitz posted a Twitter message Friday morning reading just " ooooookaaaaay .... "
And when Yahoo engineer Jeremy Zawodny posted a screenshot of the Techmeme page compiling the list of news coverage of the Yahoo / Microsoft deal on his personal blog , he added a note predicting that Friday would be one of Yahoo employees ' " least productive days since 9/11 . "
Meanwhile , within Microsoft , people are mostly sitting tight .
According to the anonymous author of the Mini Microsoft blog , who purports to be a Microsoft employee , most Microsofties are taking a wait - and - see approach .
" There 's no way this is happening fast , " the blogger writes .
" Microsofties in groups most affected by a Yahoo !
acquisition are plowing ahead , course unchanged , for the foreseeable future .
No thoughts around brand or collaboration or nada . "
Droughts have affected harvests , pushing prices up
Food prices have risen an unprecedented 40 % in the last year and many nations may be unable to cope , the agency says .
It is calling for help for farmers in poor countries to buy seeds and fertiliser , and for a review of the impact of bio-fuels on food production .
The FAO says 37 countries face food crises due to conflict and disaster .
" Without support for poor farmers and their families in the hardest - hit countries , they will not be able to cope , " said FAO Director - General Jacques Diouf .
The agency 's food price index has jumped almost 40 % from last year , hitting its highest level since its inception in 1990 .
Urgent action
The increases are partly due to droughts and floods linked to climate change , as well as rising oil prices boosting demand for bio- fuels , the FAO said .
The FAO director general has warned millions could be at risk
International cereal prices have already sparked food riots in several countries , the FAO points out .
The organisation is calling for urgent action to provide small farmers in these countries with improved access to seeds , fertiliser and other inputs to increase crop production .
Mr Diouf pointed to what he described as " spectacular results " in Malawi , where a scheme of vouchers for farmers , combined with sufficient rains , had produced a surplus of maize nationally .
The impact of the growth of bio-fuels would be assessed in depth at a high - level conference in June , Mr Diouf said .
The use of land to grow plants which can be used to make alternative fuels - and the use of food crops themselves for fuel - has reduced food supplies and helped push up prices .
By Amarnath Tewary
Motihari , Bihar
Saidullah has won many trophies ( Pictures : Prashant Ravi ) Mohammed Saidullah , a resident of Motihari in the Indian state of Bihar , has received many awards and trophies in the last few years for his innovation .
In 1975 , when his Jatwa - Janerwa village was swamped under flood waters - an annual monsoon menace - he pleaded with a local boatman to take him to safety .
When the boatman refused to give him space unless he paid for it , the young Saidullah looked for other ways to tackle the floodwater .
Necessity met creativity and in just three days , he made an amphibious bicycle which could easily negotiate the floodwaters .
He modified the conventional bicycle by adding four rectangular air floats to support it while it moved on water .
Two fan blades were attached to the spokes of the rear wheel which enabled it to run on both water and land .
The blades were arranged in such a fashion that the cycle could be driven in reverse direction too .
Shining moment Later , Mr Saidullah demonstrated the prowess of his vehicle before a stunned crowd , which included the then state governor , AR Kidwai , when he crossed the river Ganges in Patna city .
His big shining moment came in January 2005 when the then Indian President , APJ Abdul Kalam , presented him with the National Innovation Foundation 's ( NIF ) lifetime achievement award .
In the same year , he was selected as one of the 12 finalists for the prestigious Wall Street Journal Asian Innovation Awards .
Saidullah takes his grandchildren for a joy ride in his cycle - rickshaw He was also profiled for the Discovery Channel 's " Beyond Tomorrow " programme .
In fact , he has won so many awards that he has lost count of them all .
An impressed NIF took away his bicycle and offered to get it patented .
But three years later , Mr Saidullah has neither got the patent nor the bicycle .
Today , he lives in penury .
Everyday , he pedals about 30 kms on his bicycle to sell honey so that he can feed his family of 16 .
But the work brings him a paltry 1,500 rupees ( $ 37 ) a month .
Grinding poverty
Unable to make the ends meet , he has now put up his roadside half - thatched , half - concrete house and the small plot of land - in Mathia Dih locality of Motihari in East Champaran district - on sale .
His disillusionment is such that Mr Saidullah wants to return all his awards and trophies .
" If you want to destroy someone , give him an award , " he says .
After the bicycle , Mr Saidullah also invented an amphibious cycle - rickshaw which he demonstrated before the BBC team in a nearby pond .
" On this , I can take my grandchildren for a joy ride in the water , " Mr Saidullah told the BBC .
The workshop is his favourite place " But I feel hurt by what the NIF has done to me .
They used us for their promotion , " he says .
" May I know how many innovators like me have been benefited and how many of us have been destroyed by them ? " asks Mr Saidullah , with pain creasing his face .
NIF executive chairman , Anil Gupta , is sympathetic to Mr Saidullah 's plight : " We tried a lot , are still trying and will keep trying to explore things being done for Mr Saidullah 's amphibious bicycle .
But yes his frustration is completely understandable .
" Despite our best efforts , for some reasons we failed to generate any entrepreneurship for his bicycle .
We 've given him the innovation fellowship of a fixed amount and we are ready to support him in future too , " Mr Gupta said .
There is still a chance that things may look up for him .
A senior official in Bihar state 's science and technology department , Ajay Kumar , told the BBC he would do all he could to help Mohammed Saidullah .
" Though there is no structured schemes for commercialisation of such innovations in my department but we would certainly help him in getting his product patented after talking with the NIF , " Mr Kumar said .
According to Mohammed Saidullah 's son , Mohammed Shakilurrahman , the family was not always poor .
Mr Saidullah inherited acres of land , orchards , elephants and a big house from his father .
But , the rural scientist sold all his property to pursue his innovations , his son says .
New things
He blames his father 's " sheer madness " for the family 's poverty .
He too sells honey in the state capital .
However , Mr Saidullah 's bitter past experience has not stopped him from moving on to new things .
After the amphibious bicycle , he developed a key - operated table fan which can run non-stop for two hours , a mini - water pump that needs no fuel and a mini- tractor which can run for two hours on just five litres of diesel .
Saidullah names all his innovations after his wife , Noor Now , he claims he 's making a helicopter which would cost the equivalent of $ 62,500 and a car that would be powered by air energy .
His dark , dingy workshop is crammed with a hand - made lathe machines and countless corroded nut - bolts littered on long rusty iron racks .
But it 's his favourite place .
" I love to be here all the time , " he says .
Where would he go once his house and land is sold off ?
" I 'll make a three - storey moving car with folding cots , pack my family in and park it on an open government land by the roadside anywhere , " he says .
The maverick innovator says he draws inspiration for his innovations from his everyday experiences .
He has named all his creations after his loving wife , Noor Jahan .
" Noor means light and Inshallah a day would come when there would be light in our life too , " says Saidullah .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
SPENCER , IA -- Democratic Presidential candidate Governor Bill Richardson , campaigning today in Iowa , issued the following statement regarding the recent " spying " incident involving the National Football League ’s New England Patriots :
" The President has been allowed to spy on Americans without a warrant , and our U.S. Senate is letting it continue .
You know something is wrong when the New England Patriots face stiffer penalties for spying on innocent Americans than Dick Cheney and George Bush . "
Illustration by Jac
IT IS all too easy to become a lost soul in New Orleans .
The annual meeting of the American Economic Association this month was part of a huge gathering of social scientists sprawled across the city .
Each venue itself was a warren of meeting rooms .
Take a wrong turning and a delegate seeking an earnest symposium on minimum wages might innocently end up in the conference session devoted to the market for paid sex .
The star attraction there was Steven Levitt , an economics professor at the University of Chicago and co-author of “ Freakonomics ” , a best - selling book .
Mr Levitt presented preliminary findings * from a study conducted with Sudhir Venkatesh , a sociologist at Columbia University .
Their research on the economics of street prostitution combines official arrest records with data on 2,200 “ tricks ” ( transactions ) , collected by Mr Venkatesh in co-operation with sex workers in three Chicago districts .
The results are fascinating .
Almost half of the city 's arrests for prostitution take place in just 0.3 % of its street corners .
The industry is concentrated in so few locations because prostitutes and their clients need to be able to find each other .
Earnings are high compared with other jobs .
Sex workers receive $ 25 - 30 per hour , roughly four times what they could expect outside prostitution .
Yet this wage premium seems paltry considering the stigma and inherent risks .
Sex without a condom is the norm , so the possibility of contracting a sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) is high .
Mr Levitt reckons that sex workers can expect to be violently assaulted once a month .
The risk of legal action is low .
Prostitutes are more likely to have sex with a police officer than to be arrested by one .
Pricing strategies are much like any other business .
Fees vary with the service provided and prostitutes maximise returns by segmenting the market .
Clients are charged according to their perceived ability to pay , with white customers paying more than black ones .
When negotiating prices , prostitutes will usually make an offer to black clients , but will solicit a bid from a white client .
There are some anomalies .
Although prices increase with the riskiness of an act , the premium charged for forgoing a condom is much smaller than found in other studies .
And attractive prostitutes were unable to command higher fees .
By chance , the authors were able to study the effects of a demand shock .
As people gathered for the July 4th festivities around Washington Park ( one of the neighbourhoods studied ) , business picked up by around 60 % , though prices rose by just 30 % .
The market was able to absorb this rise in demand partly because of flexible supply .
Regular prostitutes worked more hours and those from other locations were drawn in .
So were other recruits — women who were not regular prostitutes but were prepared to work for the higher wages temporarily on offer .
One controversial finding is that prostitutes do better with pimps — they work fewer hours and are less likely to be arrested by the police or preyed on by gang members .
The paper 's discussant at the conference , Evelyn Korn of Germany 's University of Marburg , said that her favourite result from the study was that pimps pay “ efficiency wages ” .
In other words , pimps pay above the minimum rate required by sex workers in order to attract , retain and motivate the best staff .
Mr Levitt said that a few prostitutes asked the researchers to introduce them to pimps .
A separate paper ** on sex workers in Ecuador echoed some of these findings .
As in Chicago , the paid - sex market in Ecuador is tiered , with licensed brothel workers earning more per hour than unlicensed street prostitutes .
These gradations might reflect different tastes : brothel workers tend to be younger , more attractive and better educated .
They are also slightly less likely to have an STI .
Condom use is the norm : 61 % of street prostitutes surveyed used a condom in the previous three transactions .
In Chicago , condoms were used in only a quarter of tricks .
What about the johns ?
These studies contribute to our understanding of the suppliers of paid sex , but tell us little about their customers .
The session 's organiser , Taggert Brooks of the University of Wisconsin , attempted to fill this gap in knowledge .
He shed light on the sex industry 's demand side in his analysis† of men who attend strip clubs .
He argued that habitués of strip clubs featuring nude or semi-nude dancers are in search of “ near - sex ” — an experience of intimacy rather than sexual release .
They are aware that paid sex is on offer elsewhere , should they desire it .
Strip - club patrons are more likely to be college - educated ( cue some uneasy seat shifting from conference delegates ) , to have had an STI , and to have altered their sexual behaviour because of AIDS , than non-patrons are .
They are typically unmarried , relatively young ( against the stereotype of old married men ) and are characterised as “ high - sensation seekers ” .
Although all speakers at the session were careful not to draw very strong conclusions from preliminary findings , a few broad themes nevertheless emerged .
In many respects , the paid - sex industry is much like any other business .
Pricing strategies are familiar from other settings .
Despite evidence of a myopic attitude towards risk , there have been plenty of recent examples of that in the finance industry too .
Illegality and lack of regulation are likely to heighten public - health risks .
The Ecuador study concluded that rigorous policing of street prostitution might limit the spread of STIs by directing sex workers into the safer environs of licensed brothels .
For an audience facing an evening away from home in the Big Easy , there was much to ponder .
* “ An Empirical Analysis of Street - Level Prostitution ”
** “ Sex Work and Infection : What 's Law Enforcement Got to Do with it ? ” by Paul Gertler ( University of California , Berkley ) and Manisha Shah ( University of Melbourne )
† “ In Da Club : An Econometric Analysis of Strip Club Patrons ”
the
is
This week , CNET 's Buzz Report addressed the Tom Cruise / Scientology / Anonymous debacle , and then at the end of the report got political .
See for yourself .
Beside 's the fact that it 's EPIC WIN , it just capped Scientology .
Score after the above , lessee , Scientology litigates with YouTube over Tom Cruise video , - 1 . Anonymous steps in , releases video , PWNS Scientology .
Score : ScienT - 2 , Anon 1 .
Then Anonymous effectively shuts downportal for Scientology on the internet .
Score definitely : ScT negative 3 , Anon up 2 .
Anonymous rules the interweb for a week .
Score : ScT - 4 , Anon +3 .
Internet responds , copycat videos released .
Everyone on the internet realized TC is an SP ( ie clueless ) .
Scientology re-popularized but everyone thinks , " Tom Cruise is a Wackjob !
" Playing field levels !
Score now ScT 0 , Anon 4 .
Then Scientology got all serious .
Lots of responses , lots of threats , even the Vampire Hunter himself , former kid actor Mark Bunker released a video joining the fracas .
Wow .
Scientology started to come across as respectable !
Like ScT was a respectable opponent .
Where 's the fun in that ?
Ratings dropped ...... back to funny pictures of crazy car crashes through a house ...... then highly - influential ( in it 's own way ) CNET dropped the bomb .
Not the ball , the bomb .
CNET 's Buzz Report this week took us through all the above thrills , then declared web neutrality — " like Switzerland " — then at the very end of the clip , showed partisanism ie " Go Anonymous !
" See for yourself .
Molly
Wood makes front page news , internet - style .
It 's instant relevancy !
Whatever is happening is still happening .
Which is great , it means we did n't waste our time .
It also means that there reallyan Anonymous , and that Scientology is either a lame duck or a dark horse , ( in other words : LULZ either way ! ) but one way or another , thinks just got bumped up a notch here in the iWorld .
I get this question a lot , so I thought I would get my thoughts down in one place where I can refer to them later .
My ideas all come from an idea collective called Thought 's Entertainment ! , located in Muncie , Indiana .
I like them because they are small , still capable of providing the personal touch , but they do handle some big - name idea people .
Mandy Patinkin is a client of theirs , for instance , and I understand that they provide all the good ideas ever had by the Rand Corporation .
Also , they 're a union shop .
Ideas usually arrive by post .
I have a drop - box which I visit on Thursdays and Saturday evenings , and there are often a bundle of ideas for me to pick up .
Some times there are only two or three small scraps of notions , but on some visits I have to make two trips with my knapsack absolutely bursting full of ideas .
I do hope at some point to engage the services of an idea processing service , so I can weed out the less promising ideas and have the best ones sent directly to my doorstep .
This can be expensive but I understand it's an absolute necessity for the most prolific writers .
When I get a new idea , I bring it home and organize it in my idea organizer .
My mom got me my latest one for my birthday ; it 's a bit like a rolodex , but the dividers are made of clear plastic so you can watch the ideas squirm around as you flip through them .
I used to use a bulletin board when I was in high school , but the ideas would flap around , struggling to get free from the thumbtacks that secured them to the corkboard , and it would keep me awake at night .
A friend told me she keeps her ideas in the freezer , which sounds crazy but hey !
whatever works .
A raw idea is n't good for much , so eventually you have to process it .
Fortunately I have a small lab setup in my Imaginiarium .
I gather a few ideas at a time and bring them in .
With the door closed , I turn off the overheads and turn on the blacklight ( it 's good for contemplation ) .
I soak the ideas in the fixer bath until all the preconceptions float to the surface .
Next they go into the introspection wash , where hopefully all the cliches are leached out .
I still hang ideas up to dry ; I know there are more modern ways to do it , such as meditation , but I learned how to do this the old - fashioned way and I guess I 'm a creature of habit .
Finally my ideas go into the hopper where they are deconstructed , recontextualized , and spat out in a more - or - less purely noetic format .
I like to believe I process my ideas as well or better than the Thinkomat on the corner .
A well - processed idea is a joy to absorb .
The best time to do this is in the morning .
I put a handful of ideas in a bowl in my breakfast room , add some non-dairy creamer , and microwave for maybe forty - five seconds .
I like to inhale the steam rising off my bowl of ideas ; the odor of inspiration really perks me up in the morning .
Then I quaff deeply , rolling the ideas around my tongue before swallowing .
As the ideas begin to seep into my brain , I sometimes like to do the crossword .
Right around noon the ideas have really burst into my brain and I 'm ready to start writing .
I have no idea how other people get their ideas , but I like my way just fine .
I 'd recommend this method to writers of all sorts , although stream - of - consciousness poets might wish to skip the idea collective and instead mine their own ideas from the more radical idea - beds .
I 'm told there are some great places to do this in Saskatchewan , although my experience here is limited .
I hope this has been helpful , as well as mildly obnoxious .
Keith Richards revealed he does not listen to contemporary music
The 64 - year - old , who famously claimed to have snorted his father 's ashes - but later denied it , revealed what his message would be to anyone using drugs .
" Give it up , it ai n't really worth it .
I know the fascination , but it ain't worth it , " he said .
He also branded bandmate Sir Mick Jagger a " power freak " .
' Vain bloke '
" Mick 's a maniac .
He can't get up in the morning without knowing immediately who he 's going to call , " he said .
" Meanwhile , I just go ' Thank God I 'm awake ' and wait for three or four hours before I do anything .
He is a power freak and there 's nothing we can do about it
Keith Richards on Mick Jagger
" He is a power freak and there 's nothing we can do about it .
I do n't want to do anything about it .
It does n't make any difference to what we do , " he added .
When asked about Jagger 's on stage persona he said : " Excuse me while I laugh .
He 's a bit vain , let 's put it like that . "
" We want a vain bloke up there , do n't we ?
Meanwhile , the band can go to work .
Vanity will not carry a band .
But a band can carry vanity . "
The performer , who is currently promoting Shine A Light , a Martin Scorsese documentary about the Stones , also revealed he does not listen to contemporary music and thinks CDs sound " tinny " .
“ Yes , sir , ” Mr. Gates replied .
“ But as I indicated , I have no confidence in that figure . ”
Mr. Levin has been a persistent critic of the war in Iraq , and he has complained that the Bush administration has been less than straightforward about the financial costs of the Iraq and Afghanistan campaigns by seeking supplemental funding outside the regular Pentagon budget .
Congress has gone along with the supplemental requests , with members of both parties pledging to give American troops whatever they need .
“ While the monetary cost is not the most important part of the debate over Iraq or Afghanistan , it does need to be part of that debate , and the citizens of our nation have a right to know what those costs are projected to be , ” Senator Levin said .
Mr. Gates said he was concerned that some countries who have pledged troops to Afghanistan were not fully meeting their commitments , and that he would bring up the subject with his counterparts from other NATO countries .
“ I think we have to be realistic about the political realities that face some of the governments in Europe , ” Mr. Gates said .
“ Many of them are coalition governments , some of them are minority governments , and they are doing what they think is at the far end of what is politically acceptable . ”
The secretary added : “ There are allies that are doing their part and are doing well .
The Canadians , the British , the Australians , the Dutch , the Danes , are really out there on the line and fighting . ”
I got an email from my good friend Nick over at the amazing Empire Magazine , who wrote to tell me about a conversation they just had with Incredible Hulk director Lewis Letterier and got some nice little details about the movie from him .
Some of the highlights from the conversation were :
1 ) The Hulk appears in the first 3 minutes of the film
That ’s right … no waiting around for half the movie for the big green guy to finally show up .
Although this is a re-do , they ’re not covering the Origin of The Hulk … when the movie starts , Bruce is already “ infected ” with the gamma radiation and we see him transform into The Hulk by minute 3 of the movie .
SWEET ASS !
This is right in line with what a vice president at Universal told me at Comic Con last summer who said Hulk shows up in the first 8 minutes .
2 ) The final fight with Abomination is 26 minutes long !
I had to re-read that a couple of times .
A 26 minute fights between The Hulk and The Abomination .
I was on set in Hamilton Ontario as they were filming some parts of that sequence and all I can tell you is that there are a LOT of explosions , fires , cars flying all over the place .. mmmmm … delicious !
3 ) General Ross Is Ahab
This is always how I ’ve sort of pictured Thunderbolt Ross .
As Ahab from Moby Dick .
He ’s obsessed with The Hulk .
Not to destroy him … but to capture him , to use him , to harness him for the benefit of the military .
He ’s so obsessed that he ’s alienated himself from his family , his friends … even from the military itself .
4 ) Why the design change for Abomination :
” I really wanted to justify [ Abomination ’s ] appearance .
I really wanted to wrap my head around the original scaley - with - big - ears monster that was in the comic book , but I could n’t justify it .
The guy is n’t crossed with a fish ; he ’s not crossed with a lizard .
Just like the Hulk he ’s an über - human — his body , everything , grows out .
And the way he gets injected with the serum , he ’s shot in the skin and the muscles , and shot inside the spine .
That makes his bones grow thicker and bigger and longer , making him a super - weapon .
So he ’s got that spine that flares out , which becomes a weapon .
He ’s got elbows that stick out and become these martial arts , Chinese knives — things that can slash back and forth .
He ’s got this tongue thing and the heel - spikes … so he ’s a killing machine .
It ’s pretty cool , it ’s funny .
He ’s got bones sticking out , so it becomes like an exo-skeleton which he uses as armour … ”
There is a whole bunch more .
You can check the article out yourself over here .
The debacle of the ‘ Seas of David ’ terrorist plot
There have been a series of alleged terrorist plots that the White House has claimed to have disrupted .
Sometimes Bush and his team tout these thwarted plots to defend torture , and sometimes it ’s to defend illegally tapping Americans ’ phones , but the bottom line is always the same — there are dangerous bad guys out there , and the president is stopping them .
As it turns out , most , if not all , of the examples of thwarted plots touted by the Bush gang fall apart under scrutiny , but my all - time favorite has to be the “ Seas of David ” cult ( aka , the “ Miami 7 ” ) .
When these would - be terrorists were captured , the administration characterized it as an enormous victory .
Shortly after the suspects were taken into custody , Dick Cheney personally bragged that the Miami group was “ a very real threat . ”
Then - Attorney General Alberto Gonzales was so excited he held a press conference to highlight this stunning counter - terrorism success story .
The AG said the group represented a “ new brand of terrorism ” created by “ the convergence of globalization and technology . ”
The Justice Department said the terrorists in Miami intended to even blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago .
Except the story was wildly exaggerated .
These alleged terrorists had no weapons , no bombs , no expertise , and no money .
They did n’t behave or operate as terrorists .
They apparently swore an oath of allegiance to Osama bin Laden , but because an undercover FBI infiltrator suggested the idea .
For that matter , these guys were n’t even Muslims , but instead practiced their own hybrid religion that combined Islam and Christianity .
Their “ plots ” against the United States were “ embryonic at best . ”
The New York Daily News described the group , which was more a cult than a terrorist network , as the “ 7 Boobs . ”
They ’d have trouble attacking a convenience store , better yet the Sears Tower .
Yesterday , a jury found the administration ’s case unpersuasive , at best .
One of seven indigent men charged with plotting to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago as part of an Islamic jihad was acquitted on Thursday , and a mistrial was declared in the prosecution of the six others after the jury said it was hopelessly deadlocked .
The outcome was a significant defeat for the Bush administration , which had described the case as a major crackdown on homegrown terrorists .
Officials had acknowledged that the defendants , known as the Liberty City Seven for the depressed section of Miami where they frequently gathered in a rundown warehouse , had never acquired weapons or equipment and had posed no immediate threat .
But , the officials said , the case underscored a need for pre-emptive terrorism prosecutions .
Maybe in some cases , but probably not in this one .
The FBI accused these seven people of wanting to destroy the Sears Tower in large part because one of the seven had once visited the building .
Indeed , Paul Kiel reminded me of the group ’s ringleader .
The clique , adherents of a sect “ that mixes Islam , Buddhism , Christianity , Freemasonry , Gnosticism and Taoism , ” met in a windowless warehouse they called the “ Temple . ”
The leader of the group , Narseal Batiste , was described as a “ ‘ Moses - like figure ’ who would roam the streets in a cape or bathrobe , toting a crooked wooden cane and looking for young men to join his group . ”
And when the group met in their Temple , the men “ took turns standing guard outside the door , dressed up in makeshift military uniforms and combat boots . ” …
The group trained by shooting paintball guns in the woods .
Something to remember the next time Cheney describes something as “ a very real threat . ”
As for the mistrial , the administration reportedly will re-file charges next year against six of the seven .
Stay tuned .
Iniquities of War , Inequities of Life “ For the oppressors , what is worthwhile is to have more — always more — even at the cost of the oppressed having less or having nothing .
For them , to be is to have and to be the class of the ‘ haves . ’ ”
Paulo Freire , Pedagogy of the Oppressed Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Finally , the truth is seeping out .
Contrary to how President George W. Bush has tried to justify the Iraq war in the past , he has now clumsily — if inadvertently — admitted that the invasion and occupation of Iraq was aimed primarily at seizing predominant influence over its oil by establishing permanent ( the administration favors “ enduring ” ) military bases .
He made this transparently clear by adding a signing statement to the defense appropriation bill , indicating that he would not be bound by the law ’s prohibition against expending funds : “ (1 ) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq , ” or “ (2 ) To exercise United States control of the oil resources of Iraq . ”
But , if you have been asleep for the past five years , you may ask , what about Iraq ’s weapons of mass destruction and its ties to al - Qaeda ?
A recent study by the Center for Public Integrity found that Bush made 260 false claims about these in the two years after 9/11 .
He was followed closely by then -Secretary of State Colin Powell with 254 .
Nor can they any longer pretend they were deceived by faulty intelligence , since accumulating hard evidence shows they knew exactly what they were doing .
Moreover , it has become abundantly clear that the “ surge ” of 30,000 troops into Iraq was aimed — pure and simple — at staving off definitive defeat until Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are safely out of office .
Some , but not all , of those 30,000 troops are slated for withdrawal , but those who still expect more sizable withdrawals have not been reading the tea leaves .
It is altogether likely there will still be some 150,000 U.S. troops , and even more than that number of contractors , in Iraq a year from now .
In the administration ’s view , the oil - and - bases prize is well worth the indignity of refereeing a civil war and additional troop casualties .
That view was reflected recently in the words of a well - heeled suburbanite , who suggested to me , “ You must concede that a few GIs killed every week is a small price to pay for the oil we need .
Many more died in Vietnam , and there was n’t even any oil there . ”
That person was unusually blunt , but I believe his thinking may be widely shared , at least subconsciously , by those Americans who are not directly affected by the war .
It is easier to assimilate and parrot the administration ’s dishonesty than to confront the reality that these are consequential lies .
They bring untold death and destruction — and not only in Iraq , where several hundred thousand civilians are dead and one out of every six families has been displaced — but to thousands of our fellow citizens as well .
The Human Cost Not only have almost 4,000 American troops been killed , but another 30,000 have been wounded in action .
Based on VA documents obtained by Veterans for Common Sense , nearly 264,000 Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans already have been treated at VA hospitals , including more than 100,000 for mental health conditions .
According to a Harvard University report , VA is projected to spend up to $ 700 billion over the next 40 years for medical care and disability payments for veterans of the two wars .
Add the billions sunk every week into the quagmire of Iraq -- it is madness .
Soon , you will have a trillion - dollar war , while our Treasury is bankrupt , our economy is in shambles , our infrastructure crumbles , and oil company profits soar .
For a fraction of the money wasted on an un-winnable occupation - cum - armed - referee - duty in Iraq , premium health care could be provided to every American , including those veterans whom we owe big time , and the almost 50 million of our brothers and sisters who lack health insurance .
The iniquities of war have widened the inequities in our society — the gap between the haves and the have - nots .
I am one of the haves ; it is not right that I should have so disproportionate a share of the nation ’s wealth and opportunity .
And nowhere is this more obvious than the access to excellent health care to which privilege has “ entitled ” me .
A recently discovered challenge to my health brought this home to me like a ton of bricks .
Why Me ?
The doctors said they needed more tissue from what they called the “ mass ” in my lower abdomen , so they could determine what kind of cancer had set up shop there .
There was some sense of urgency , so just days later a surgeon made room for me at the end of a very busy New Year ’s Eve .
The cutting was over ; the stitches were in ; the pain was slight ; and there I was , wide awake in a comfortable hospital room , welcoming 2008 with painful questions .
For the hundredth time I found myself asking , Why me ?
But wait — it may not be what you ’re thinking .
The troubling question was why was I privileged to have prompt access to the best in medical care , when such is not available to most of our veterans and some 50 million sisters and brothers in America .
We are called to be concerned about our brothers and sisters .
It did not seem fair .
Why was it that I could expect excellent doctors to plan a course of action that would shrink the grapefruit - sized cancerous mass and add still more years to my 68 ?
What about the others ?
Without access to good doctors and advanced medical technology , would they not be likely to become aware until their cancer was the size of a melon — perhaps too late ?
The anesthesia had worn off , and the only real discomfort came from the dangling questions .
December had brought surprise and new awareness .
I needed some quiet time to process it all , and the turn of the year seemed appropriate .
So I turned off the TV and scribbled what follows :
To hear I had been invaded by cancer was a bummer .
But from the very start that unwelcome surprise was softened by awareness that I was one of the lucky ones .
No , not “ lucky ” — privileged .
A health insurance card lay in the white knapsack full of privilege that I carry around with me , usually without much awareness on my part .
The voice of conscience was whispering that it is not right to be unaware .
One out of six Americans have no insurance card in their knapsack or in the plastic bag that serves as their chest of drawers .
Is that the America of which we were once so proud ?
It started with my swollen right leg .
No big deal , I thought ; I had simply sprained that ankle too many times playing basketball .
And besides , varicose veins run in my family .
Small wonder my blood was having trouble circulating down that way .
But at my annual physical my doctor saw it differently .
We needed to find out what was causing the swelling .
Sclerotherapy , a sophisticated , expensive procedure seemed indicated , but would my insurance cover it ?
It would , so we went ahead .
But the swelling got worse , suggesting some kind of blockage higher up .
Enter the world of multimillion - dollar technology — CT - scan , PET - scan , and pinpointing of the mass , followed quickly by a needle biopsy .
All covered by insurance .
It looked like lymphoma .
But the oncologist wanted to be sure of exactly what variety of lymphoma it was before he decided what the optimum treatment regime might be .
Hence , the New Year ’s
Eve surgery and extraction of tissue immediately dispatched to the Mayo Clinic for a thorough pathology report .
See what I mean about privileged ?
Stress Tests ...
My thoughts went back to the thallium stress test before the surgery .
The nurses injected some dye and measured my heart on an accelerating treadmill to induce stress .
They encouraged me , stood ready to catch me if I fell off .
And I found myself thinking of less benign ways to induce stress — stress positions , sensory deprivation , and what President Bush calls “ an alternative set of procedures . ”
And my thoughts went to Guantanamo and the hundreds of prisoners flown there in shackles with no assurance they would survive the kind of deliberately induced stress they would encounter there .
And then they strapped me onto a narrow gurney where I had to remain still for twenty minutes while another million - dollar machine hovered low over my chest and took pictures .
There were two technicians and nurses there to ensure my comfort and allay my concerns .
And I thought of the gurneys of Guantanamo and the strapped - in prisoners surrounded by other kinds of folks , including physicians and psychologists who , in a mockery of the Hippocratic oath , do their best to inflict , not alleviate pain .
... and Suicide I also thought of the two dozen Guantanamo detainees who tried to starve themselves to death two and a half years ago .
They , too , were strapped onto gurneys , while thick plastic tubes were forced through their noses to force - feed enough nourishment to keep them alive , lest the Bush administration be embarrassed .
On June 10 , three detainees did succeed in hanging themselves , the first successful suicides after 41attempts by some 25 individual detainees .
Those detainees ’ hope was for the release that comes with death ; I could hope for healing .
The three who killed themselves incurred the wrath of Guantanamo commander , Rear Adm .
Harry B. Harris , Jr. , who announced that the suicides were “ not an act of desperation , but an act of asymmetrical warfare against us . ”
In similar spirit , Colleen Graffy , deputy assistant secretary of state for public diplomacy , told the BBC that the suicides “ certainly ( are ) a good PR move to draw attention . ”
I wonder how Graffy would describe the actions of those U.S. veterans experiencing such suffering that they , too , commit suicide .
A recent CBS study showed that in 2005 alone , 6,256 veterans of Korea , Vietnam , Iraq , and Afghanistan took their own lives , many of them after experiencing very long waiting lines for medical treatment .
That is an average of 17 suicides a day .
Shame on us !
Many U.S. servicemen and women can blame their cancer on contamination from the depleted uranium used in artillery and other shells and toxic chemicals that have saturated regions of Iraq , including populated areas , leading to a spurt of cancer illnesses .
Against this background , I reflected on how fortunate I was that the cause of the cancer that invaded me would probably remain a mystery .
I wondered how it would feel to be able to trace a fatal disease to the instruments of war ; how it would feel to be an Iraqi parent watching a child die of cancer , or living in fear that a new child might be born with serious birth defects .
No , I can not blame my illness on someone ’s negligence , or cavalier disregard of the consequences of highly toxic weaponry .
But thousands of Iraqis can .
And so , too , can those U.S. troops who have served in Afghanistan and Iraq — including in the virtually “ casualty - less ” Gulf War in 1991 .
How many Americans are aware that , of the almost 700,000 deployed to theater during the 1991 Gulf War , roughly one in three has sought medical care from the VA ?
You did n’t know that ?
Please ask yourself why .
Higher Powers , Favorite Philosophers President Bush has recently taken to talking again about his “ higher power ” and redemption .
The higher power with whom I am familiar is concerned first and foremost with justice and then ( only then ) peace .
In the biblical sense , peace is nothing more nor less than the experience of justice .
I would guess the president ’s higher power was appalled at the Coliseum - type spectacle Monday evening , as the President of the United States played cheerleader for Team America killing still more people — to standing ovations from his supporters in Congress .
Nor would the person President Bush has called his “ favorite political philosopher , ” Jesus of Nazareth , be likely to endorse the spectacle , much less join in .
He had a pretty clear take on all this .
As we reflect on the growing inequality in this country , manifested so clearly in whether or not one has access to quality health care , we might remind the president of what his favorite philosopher had to say about goats — not as in “ My Pet Goat , ” but goats portrayed as lining up for a serious , long - term “ alternative set of procedures . ”
“ And the goats will turn and ask : ‘ Lord , when did we see you ... ill ... and not attend to your needs ? ’
“ And he will answer : ‘ As often as you neglected to do it for the least of these , you neglected to do it for me . ’ ” ( Matthew 25 )
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in Washington , DC .
He was a CIA analyst for 27 years , and is co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Earth ( TGW ) – A new study by The Nature Conservancy shows that biofuel can release 17 to 420 times more carbon dioxide than the annual greenhouse gas reductions these biofuels provide by displacing fossil fuels .
The study shows that it depends where the biofuels are grown and what they are made from .
For example , converting rainforests , peatlands , savannas , or grasslands to produce food - based biofuels in Brazil , Southeast Asia , and the United States creates more carbon dioxide than is saved .
In contrast , biofuels made from waste biomass or from biomass grown on abandoned agricultural lands planted with perennials incur little or no carbon debt and offer immediate and sustained advantages .
Via :: Science ( subscription required )
An international team of scientists led by a University of Leicester researcher has carried out a scientific study into the realm of consciousness .
The scientists have made a significant step into the understanding of conscious perception , by showing how single neurons in the human brain reacted to perceived and nonperceived images .
University of Leicester bioengineer Dr Rodrigo Quian Quiroga is spearheading this study which is opening new possibilities of exploring a hitherto relatively unchartered scientific area .
The team have today ( MONDAY FEB 18 ) published a paper in an international journal , the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) revealing new discoveries in the field of consciousness studies .
Dr Quian Quiroga said : " There has been much interest in recent years in consciousness , which is considered by many as one of the major scientific challenges to be solved , or at least addressed in a scientific - rather than just philosophical - way .
" In fact , there are a few centres , journals and conferences dedicated to this topic .
The problem with consciousness is that it is very hard to be defined and it implicates too many different things .
For this reason , several researchers started to specify more clearly what they mean by consciousness ( even if this is a limited view of the whole issue ) and think about ways to study it in a scientific way .
This approach was championed by the late Francis Crick and my former supervisor at Caltech , Christof Koch .
" Following this line , the paper in PNAS asks how the activity of single neurons in the human brain can reflect conscious perception .
" Recordings were done in epileptic patients candidates of curative surgery in which intracranial electrodes are implanted to establish the location of the epileptic focus and evaluate the potential outcome of the surgery .
Patients usually stay for 1 or 2 weeks in the guard and this gives us the extraordinary opportunity to perform experiments and study how neurons in the human brain respond to different perceptual and behavioural tasks .
" In this particular study we showed pictures in a computer screen very briefly , at the threshold of conscious recognition .
Subjects had to report whether they recognized or not the particular picture showed in each trial .
The key point is that , since the pictures are shown very briefly , for exactly the same visual input sometimes the subjects reported recognizing the picture and sometimes not recognizing it .
Then we could ask whether the neurons fire according to the subjects ' conscious perception or the actual visual inputs .
" We found that the neurons we recorded responded to the conscious perception in an " all - or - none " way by dramatically changing their firing rate only when the pictures were recognized .
" For example , a neuron in the hippocampus of one patient fired very strongly to a picture of the patient 's brother when recognized and remained completely silent when it was not , another neuron behaved in the same manner with pictures of the World Trade Centre , etc .
" Interestingly , based on the firing of these neurons it was possible to predict far above chance whether a picture was recognized or not .
Another interesting observation is that a picture flashed very briefly generated nearly the same response - if recognized - as when shown for much longer periods of time .
This means that a single snapshot as brief as 33 ms was sufficient to trigger strong neuronal responses far outlasting the stimulus presentation , signaling the conscious perception of the picture shown . "
Dr Quian Quiroga said the study had important implications .
Potential applications of this discovery include the development of Neural Prosthetic devices to be used by paralysed patients or amputees .
A patient with a lesion in the spinal cord ( as with the late Christopher Reeves ) , can still think about reaching a cup of tea with his arm , but this order is not transmitted to the muscles .
The idea of Neural Prostheses is to read these commands directly from the brain and transmit them to bionic devices such as a robotic arm that the patient could control directly from the brain .
Dr Quian Quiroga 's work showing that it is possible to read signals from the brain is a good step forward in this direction .
But there are still clinical and ethical issues that have to be resolved before Neural Prosthetic devices can be applied in humans .
In particular , these would involve invasive surgery , which would have to be justified by a clear improvement for the patient before it could be undertaken .
Dr Quian Quiroga 's discovery has far - reaching implications not only for the development of neuronal prostheses , but for treatment of patients with pathologies involving the hippocampal formation , such as epilepsy , Alzheimers and schizophrenia and for further understanding of how perceptions and memories are represented in the brain .
###
NOTE TO NEWSDESKS :
For more information contact :
READER COMMENTS ON
" 4,000 U.S. Troops Dead in Iraq ; ' Noble Cause ' Remains Unknown ... "
( 75 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 3/24/2008 @ 11:55 am PT ...
March 19 , 2008 : Today marks the 5th anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
Today , ABC Good Morning America airs an interview of Dick Cheney by Martha Raddatz .
Raddatz : Two - thirds of Americans say it 's not worth fighting .
Cheney : So ?
Raddatz : So ?
You do n't care what the American people think ?
Cheney : No. Today , Cheney spends the day fishing off the Sultan of Oman 's royal yacht .
March 23 , Easter Sunday 2008 : Today , the 4,000th American soldier dies in Iraq .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 3/24/2008 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
Bush 's only plan is to continue to run out the clock .
Despicable .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... dr. elsewhere said on 3/24/2008 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
thanks , brad , for highlighting this is such a powerful way .
words simply fail .
i am so deeply ashamed .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... David Rubinson said on 3/24/2008 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
Not to dishonor anyone , but this is not about US , OUR troops , OUR losses .
Many of our troops may be victims , but they are all perpetrators -
and though we may honor them , no ceremony should go on without FIRST honoring and begging forgiveness from our millions of victims .
Light candles for those we have killed , light them for the dead , read the names of the burned , and the children born with DU disfigurement , and remember and honor first the tortured and the displaced .
and THEN , honor our troops .
If we learn one lesson from Winter Soldier , it is exactly this .
To honor our troops and disdain our victims is to dishonor our troops and further disgrace ourselves .
Thank you ,
DR
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 3/24/2008 @ 7:45 pm PT ...
This is a song by our band Kabong about an American soldier who is having difficulty adjusting with civilian life and trying to deal with the intense emotional scars from what he saw on his tour of duty .
Now he fully understands that he was sent to fight by the misleading loser leadership of the murderous criminal Bush administration who continues to lie about the war to the American people at every turn .
A random meeting with Ms. Cindy Sheehan changes his perspective enough to pursue the truths in his life and carry on .
Architects and Engineers for 9/11 truth have investigated false flag war games on the 3 FEDERAL World Trade Tower Buildings that exploded and collapsed into dust in a matter of seconds as well as the flawed government reports describing " their " reasons supporting the destructions .
Now there is outstanding evidence as presented by Architects and Engineers for 911truth that the 3 Federal World Trade Towers in NY could have only collapsed and imploded under the circumstances by planted bombs controlled demolition style .
They further conclude that the 911 Commission Report , the Nist report , and a 3rd government report are all fabricated lies although completely supported by the US corporate mass media .
The so called cast of voluteers who made up the reports are people who received up to 40 million dollars in grants from the government to tell their lies .
Do think they had an invested interest ?
Our CD is not ready quite yet , however this song cannot wait any longer .
To listen to the song Gone , click on the link below .
Bradblog rocks !
http://www.kabongband.com/music.html
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/24/2008 @ 8:50 pm PT ...
Conspirators meticulously planned the catalyzing events of the past 7 years years in advance including the continuing dilution of democracy .
They knew , understood and relied on electronic privacy , hence , no more privacy .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/24/2008 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
David Rubinson said :
To honor our troops and disdain our victims is to dishonor our troops and further disgrace ourselves .
We do not " disdain our victims " --- in fact , I consider those victims to include our troops .
Nonetheless , honoring our fallen troops on the day in which the 4,000th has fallen in Iraq , is perfectly appropriate , and does not distract from the others who have been killed ... in Iraq , in Afghanistan , including " coalition " troops , contractors , et al , along with the civilians and conscripted members of those forces unlucky enough to be on the other end of the U.S. 's misguided wrath .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Jibreel Riley said on 3/24/2008 @ 9:46 pm PT ...
How about the Number of : Two Sergeant First Class Smith
Cpl. Jason L. Dunham
One Soldier and One Marine who both with the up most valor gave there lives for this country while carrying out there duties with in there respected units .
As a former Marine myself going through training we would learn about the Marines before us that has sacrifice themselves diving on a grenade in order to save there fellow comrades .
Read More Here Jibreel K. Riley
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/24/2008 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Now back to reality , according to the US Department of Veteran Affairs that number is actually many times greater than 4000 .
4000 are only the ones that have died ON the field of battle and even that number is bias .
The REAL casualty numbers are close to 74,000 and rising fast expected to reach at least 200,000 within the next 2 years .
http://www.agoracosmopol...ge/2008/03/21/02286.html
Over 70,000 deaths , and over 1 million disabilities among American soldiers attributed to Iraq Wars says U.S. government data by Peter Tremblay and Libertyforlife.com researchers " " According to U.S. media reports , there are well below 5,000 U.S. soldiers who have been killed in Iraq .
However , this data appears to be very misleading .
Why ?
Because many tens of thousands of American soldiers have apparently been killed to - date , as a result of being exposed to radiation poisoning from the indiscriminate killing machines of U.S. military weaponry .
Ironically , the only Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMD ) that Americans soldiers have found in Iraq are " Made in America " .
U.S. investigative researchers have discovered an official U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs official , but not well publicized count , of 73,846 U.S. soldiers who have perished as an apparent result of Depleted Uranium based bio-chemical warfare exposure .
This exceeds an estimate of 58,000 U.S. soldiers who had been killed in relation to the Vietnam War .
Well over 200,000 American soldiers could be killed by 2010 , as a result of the after effects of exposure to U.S. dirty bombs .
Over One million U.S. soldiers have apparently been disabled from Depleted Uranium based biochemical exposure .
Over one million Iraqis have also been documented to have been killed " "
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/24/2008 @ 9:54 pm PT ...
3 good videos that everyone should watch .
http://www.freespeech.or...ranium&action=search
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/25/2008 @ 5:05 am PT ...
Well said Brad .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/25/2008 @ 5:10 am PT ...
The bush regime has alzheimer's :
Alzheimer 's disease ( AD ) is the most common form of dementia ... a brain disorder that seriously affects a person 's ability to carry out daily activities .
( Medline ) .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 5:21 am PT ...
I 'll probably get yelled at by Agent 99 , but [ I think ] post # 9 is disinformation .
[ edit ]
I went to the search engine .
Even [ Alex Jones ] calls this story a hoax .
http://www.prisonplanet....270907_complete_hoax.htm
Also , the only soldiers who deserve any respect are the ones forced to sign up for financial reasons .
Otherwise , yes , the rest are nothing but predators or deeply naive .
{ Ed Note : I 'm not going to yell .
I will put you on the moderation queue if you keep refusing to follow the few rules we have for commenting here .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/25/2008 @ 5:43 am PT ...
" So ? , They all volunteered " - Dickhead Cheney
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Simon said on 3/25/2008 @ 5:56 am PT ...
Why ?
Has everybody forgotten that the reason for the war was clear from the outset ?
It went like this : Saddam was regarded as a threat .
He had a history of aggression and oppression .
It was believed that he had chemical and biological weapons and was developing nuclear weapons ( a view that he did nothing to dispel ) , and there was an army of inspectors in and out of Iraq looking for evidence .
Afghanistan was turning into a quagmire .
Bin Laden had escaped .
People were realising that the allied forces could not be withdrawn before a stable government had been put in place .
There was no prospect of this ; the warlords were squabbling and the Taliban , though it had melted away , was poised to return at the first opportunity .
It looked like incompetence .
Bush was going to be a one - term President like his Dad unless he and his string - pullers could come up with a good , solid Thatcher - style victory in time for the next election .
How to do it ?
Step forward Saddam Hussein .
A perfect hate - figure .
No one could possibly object to his being overthrown .
The only ( small ) difficulty was that no one had found any evidence of the weapons of mass destruction he was reputed to own .
The election clock was ticking and Saddam kept on chucking the weapons inspectors out and generally making things difficult .
In come the the Generals who point out that you can't start a desert war at any old time .
Doing so in the summer months would be folly so it has to be now ( February / March 2003 ) or wait until next year .
Trouble is , delaying to next year will put the war into the middle of the election period , with no guarantee that , even using " shock - and - awe " tactics , victory would be achieved in time .
So we ( that is to say , you lot , with us Brits dragging along behind ) had better go in now .
No time to wait for another visit by the weapons inspectors : the existing evidence would have to be regarded as sufficient to justify the invasion .
The rest follows .
as night follows day .
There 's no mystery , nothing to explain .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 7:00 am PT ...
# 15 " No time to wait for another visit by the weapons inspectors : the existing evidence would have to be regarded as sufficient to justify the invasion . "
There was no existing evidence .
Invading Iraq was criminal , not pure politics as you suggest .
Someone from England should know as well as anybody that the evidence was rigged .
http://www.thenation.com/doc/20050620/cobble
After Downing Street : A Resolution of Inquiry
The Nation
Steve Cobble
June 6 , 2005 {excerpt}
It 's not exactly a news flash that the Bush Administration lied to the public before the invasion of Iraq .
What should be on front pages , though , is new proof of the Bush Administration 's lies brought to light by the previously unknown Downing Street Minutes , recently obtained and printed in the Times of London .
( The Downing Street Memo is a transcript of minutes of a secret meeting chaired by Tomy Blair in Britain in July of 2002 to discuss preparations and propaganda before going to war .
It was marked " Secret and strictly personal - - UK eyes only . " )
The Downing Street Minutes are deserving , in the words of constitutional lawyer John Bonifaz , of an official " Resolution of Inquiry directing the House Judiciary Committee to launch a formal investigation into whether sufficient grounds exist for the House of Representatives to exercise its constitutional power to impeach George W. Bush , President of the United States . " ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/25/2008 @ 7:03 am PT ...
" I 'll probably get yelled at by Agent 99 ...
{ Ed Note :
There is n't anything that connects them but an apparent wish to smear people and so sorry to edit you too , but it does n't do any good to edit the offense and then leave copies of it .
Thank you .
-- 99}
======================
I fail to see how you connect those 2 .
What I stated is FACT based on the data from US Department of Veteran Affairs and from the The National Gulf War Resource Center .
http://www.ngwrc.org/?page=article&id=158
These soldiers have died from radiation poisoning since 1990 from Iraq war 1&2 and many more going to be dying soon not to mention Millions of Iraqis .
Maybe you need to watch the 3 videos I listed then come back and tell me it's " disinformation " .
Especially the one titled Beyond Treason .
http://www.freespeech.or...ranium&action=search
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 7:28 am PT ...
I think any disinformation posted on the bradblog , no matter what the topic , could very well be an attempt to hurt the credibility of the election integrity movement .
I am not saying that everyone who posts disinfo is doing it deliberately .
We all make mistakes once in a while .
That 's why the retraction was invented .
The # of US dead from the Gulf Wars could very well be underreported .
There are quite the number of different estimates on how many Iraqi civilians have been killed .
But from a rudimentary investigation of this story , one can see that the 74,000 number refers to all the veterans who have died since 1990 .
That 's quite different from saying this is proof that 74,000 soldiers have been killed as a result of fighting in Iraq .
It 's not my job to moderate here , so if some other folks could help me out , it would be appreciated .
I do n't want to be banned , because I had the gall to try to protect the BradBlog .
{ Ed note :
Take my word for it , one of us would contact you if we wanted you to policing whose comments were acceptable .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/25/2008 @ 7:57 am PT ...
Pretending or denying that 74,000 US soldiers have not died since 1990 as a direct result of being exposed to depleted Uranium & various other chemical agents is not protecting the Bradblog , its protecting known war criminals .
Same with the 1.2 Million dead Iraqi's just from Iraq occupation # 2 plus another 1/2 million from sanctions since Iraq # 1 .
Then add in the millions that are going to die from exposure to tons of depleted uranium basically FOREVER .
This is n't disinformation by any stretch of the most vivid imagination .
" But from a rudimentary investigation of this story , one can see that the 74,000 number refers to all the veterans who have died since 1990 .
That 's quite different from saying this is proof that 74,000 soldiers have been killed as a result of fighting in Iraq . "
If by " rudimentary investigation " you mean simply reading the article that was linked which clearly states exactly that then I fail to see what it is you are trying to call " disinformation " ?
Says right in the header that it is referring to Iraq warS Surely you do n't deny the amount of Depleted Uranium that has been used and scattered by the wind all over Iraq ?
Surely you do n't think DU wont or has n't killed indescriminately already and for 1000s more years ?
So what exactly are you calling disinformation ?
" " Libertyforlife.com researchers document : " What the government is doing is only counting the soldiers that die in action on the ground before they can get them into a hummer , helicopter or ambulance .
Any soldier who is shot but they get into a vehicle before ' the die ' is not counted . "
These war criminals are whom is spreading Reich wing propaganda and disinformation best to do a bit more than a " rudimentary investigation " into these bastards your time will be better spent .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Colin Riley said on 3/25/2008 @ 8:02 am PT ...
To find out the real reasons for the Iraq Invasion , Congress needs to investigate just how many shares Halliburton Stock have been owned by members of the George W. Bush 's Family .
I still believe that the primary reason for the invasion of Iraq was to prevent the collapse of Halliburton by creating a massive no bid contracting opportunity for the company .
If you look at the financial reporting from 2002 - 2003 when Halliburton subsidary KBR was under bankruptcy protection , it looks very much like Halliburton was at death 's door .
Why you may ask , would the Bush Administration care whether or not Halliburton went under ?
Many people have pointed to Dick Cheney 's ownership of shares in the company and the scandal that would have resulted from the revelation of his creative accounting practices as CEO of Halliburton but that is only part of the picture .
Nobody seems to have considered that members of the Bush Family may have received a substantial number ( 28,000,000 ) of shares of Halliburton stock when the company acquired Dresser Industries in 1998 .
If Halliburton had gone under this would have been a rather significant loss .
The ownership of Halliburton stock may also explain why George Bush is so hot to eliminate the Capital Gains tax .
Imagine having to pay capital gains taxes on stock with a basis calculated from 1928 when Prescott Bush as a partner in Harriman Brown Brothers took Dresser Industries public .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/25/2008 @ 8:16 am PT ...
# 6 ~ Adjunct ;
The dilution of our freedom .
Wake up hillary it 's time to split .
Volunteers of America .
Volunteers of America .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/25/2008 @ 8:39 am PT ...
" Cheney was Chairman and CEO of Halliburton October 1,1995 - August 16 , 2000 .
Cheney 's tenure at Halliburton was a disaster .
He made the decision for Halliburton to merge with Dresser Industries ( for $ 8 billion dollars ) , thereby acquiring Dresser 's asbestos liability , which had been drastically underestimated .
Cheney had miscalculated the financial devastation of acquiring these claims and the massive losses were off - set on paper by fraudulent accounting procedures , and not fully revealed until Cheney had sold his stock in Aug. 2002 .
Background 1 . Halliburton 's audits which overstated revenues .
I.e. , creative bookkeeping .
( Potentially illegal . )
2 . Halliburton selling Oil Equipment which can be used for development of nuclear weapons to Libya and Iraq during U.S. sanctions .
( Illegal . )
3 . Halliburton selling Oil Equipment to Libya and Iraq through subsidiaries after sanctions and profiting from Iranian Oil..
( Immoral , possibly illegal . )
4 . Cheney becoming CEO of a company which he had rewarded as Secretary of Defense and granting large contracts to Halliburton after becoming Vice President .
I.e. , the revolving door of power and money and power and .
. . .
( Conflicts of interest .
Unethical . )
5 . Cheney making millions from sale of Halliburton stock prior to stock losing 75 % in value ( due to decisions Cheney made ) .
Although Cheney HAD to sell the stock when he did ( join W. on the ticket ) , the bad financial information was not made public until after he sold his stock .
( Unethical , potentially illegal . )
6 . Halliburton overbilled government .
( Illegal . )
7 . Halliburton 's contributions to co-sponsors of a House and Senate bill , labeled " highly controversial " by many , to limit asbestos liability .
( Unethical . )
Future United States president George H. W. Bush worked for the company in several positions after the war .
His father , Prescott Bush , had been a W. A. Harriman and Company executive who had been involved in the conversion of Dresser to a public company , and he served on the board of directors for twenty - two years .
So Cheney Profits from insider knowledge , makes millions selling his stock , before profits drop nearly 80 % , then leaves as CEO August 15 , 2000 , to run for President of VICE . " "
And what was one of the " Asbestos liabilities " that Dresser was responsible for ?
The WORLD TRADE CENTER COMPLEX and like magic that liability was all cleared up on 9/11 and instead of costing them 4 Billion they made 6 billion .
( Illegal , Immoral , and some call it TREASON ) http://www.thetruthseeke...o.uk/article.asp?ID=4373
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Simon said on 3/25/2008 @ 8:46 am PT ...
For Socrates : OF COURSE the evidence was rigged .
Otherwise they could n't justify the invasion and they needed the invasion ( and victory , even if only illusory ) for Bush to have a chance of winning the 2004 election ( except he did n't , but that 's another Brad Blog story ) .
But the answer to the question
Why did 4000 Americans ( and many others , including Brits ) have to die ? is : So that George Bush could be a two - term President .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/25/2008 @ 11:06 am PT ...
Simon ( #15 ) - While I realize you were using a bit of satire ( of a sort ) in your explanation for why we went to war , and that most folks realize that , there is one point you made ( satirically , I believe ) that I just want to be clear about .
You said :
The election clock was ticking and Saddam kept on chucking the weapons inspectors out and generally making things difficult .
While I know you likely know this , it needs to be pointed out , since it's an oft - repeated fallacy , but Saddam * never * threw out any of the inspectors .
He did n't do so back in the 90's , he did n't do so prior to this Iraq War either .
We withdrew them in both instances .
Just for the history / record books .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 11:07 am PT ...
I did n't try to smear anyone .
A person posted that 74,000 US troops have died from the Gulf Wars .
I did n't call the poster disinfo .
I called out the post for containing disinfo .
Sorry if I did n't make that clearer .
I also do n't understand why " conspiracy website " was replaced with Alex Jones .
I had conspiracy website in quotes .
Is prison planet not considered a " conspiracy theory " website ?
How did I break the rules by writing " conspiracy website ? "
Plus , how come you deleted what I wrote , and also when it was reposted , but then you still made a comment on what was deleted ?
How is the reader supposed to understand what happened ?
If you 're gonna delete what I wrote , why make the comment ?
Ed Note :
There is n't anything that connects them but an apparent wish to smear people and so sorry to edit you too , but it does n't do any good to edit the offense and then leave copies of it .
Thank you .
-- 99 I was n't trying to smear anyone .
It looks like I am the one who has gotten smeared .
I 've emailed Brad with my concerns .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 11:12 am PT ...
I do n't think the prime reason to start the illegal war was to get GW Bush reelected .
Plans to invade Iraq were well in the works before even 9/11 .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/25/2008 @ 12:09 pm PT ...
I 'm trying to get you to stop calling people " conspiracy theorists " through the back door by citing someone else as their fellow .
I 'm sure you do n't think you 're smearing people , but that 's exactly what you 're doing .
Just knock it off .
You can disagree without the insults .
It 's really not that hard .
And , actually , if you think the people you 've called out lately are trying to give Brad a bad name , THAT is a conspiracy theory .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
Agent99 wrote : I 'm trying to get you to stop calling people " conspiracy theorists " through the back door by citing someone else as their fellow .
You missed the point .
Do you think 74,000 US soldiers are dead from the Gulf Wars ?
As for the other thing , someone wrote that he can influence the weather with his own mind .
I do n't have the right to question such a statement ?
I also run a forum devoted to figuring out chemtrails .
That kind of rules out your interpretation of some back door ad hominem .
I 'm sure you do n't think you 're smearing people , but that 's exactly what you 're doing .
Just knock it off .
You can disagree without the insults .
It 's really not that hard .
Seeing that you deleted what I wrote , the reader is going to have to take your word for it .
If you had looked into this claim of 74,000 US deaths from the Gulf Wars , you could have added to the discussion instead of scrubbing my posts .
And , actually , if you think the people you 've called out lately are trying to give Brad a bad name , THAT is a conspiracy theory .
You are doing a lot of analysis of what I am writing , but then you delete and / or scrub , so no one can see if your moderating was appropriate .
Thus , there is no way for me to defend myself against your critiques of my writing style .
You are forcing me to now take screenshots of all my posts .
I did n't call out anyone .
I do call out this claim that 74,000 US troops have died due to the Gulf Wars .
I also call out the idea that people can influence the weather with the power of their own minds .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/25/2008 @ 12:57 pm PT ...
I think that number is LOW , socrates , do the work .
Look into it .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... mediatruthnow said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:10 pm PT ...
Sibel Edmonds and her case have completely dropped from our gaze ?
Along with all the other MSM omissions that conceal the greater crimes our gov commits ?
Then in 5 years some asshole from WaPo or NYT ( who pushed or covered up the story to being with ) will write a crocodile tears article moaning " oh if we 'd only known there was nuke proliferation by our own in the St. Dept " or " oops - no WMD ?
so sorry , we did n't know ... "
It is there job to ask .
When are we as a nation going to stop this rubbish ?
What will it take to push us to action ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:10 pm PT ...
I do n't have the right to question such a statement ?
You do n't have a right to use Brad Blog as your forum to bash people who make such statements , to belittle them by calling them names and suggesting they not be allowed to speak .
Seeing that you deleted what I wrote , the reader is going to have to take your word for it .
It 's that or continue to let you blow your own horn at others ' expense , call them names , overtly or subtly , but none the less determinedly .
... you could have added to the discussion instead of scrubbing my posts .
I do n't want to add to your attacks .
I want them to stop .
Thus , there is no way for me to defend myself against your critiques of my writing style .
Belittling people --- continually suggesting they do n't belong here --- is not a " writing style " .
You even stated you knew you were in danger of getting into it with me .
So do n't play innocent victim now .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... mediatruthnow said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
BTW - why doesnt the poster who claimed 74,000 were killed in Iraq Wars , simply state his source .
Then disinfo claims would be moot .
( He should have done this anyway ) .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:32 pm PT ...
You do n't have a right to use Brad Blog as your forum to bash people who make such statements , to belittle them by calling them names and suggesting they not be allowed to speak .
I did n't bash , belittle , or call anyone any names .
It appears to me that you are suggesting that I am not allowed to disagree with this idea of 74,000 US deaths or alleged telepathic abilities to control the weather .
It 's that or continue to let you blow your own horn at others ' expense , call them names , overtly or subtly , but none the less determinedly .
Again , since you have scrubbed my posts , the reader is forced to take your word for this or scratch their heads .
I do n't want to add to your attacks .
I want them to stop .
I 'm not attacking anyone .
I am attacking statements and sources that are false .
It 's not fair of you to delete / scrub my posts and then pass judgements on them .
Belittling people --- continually suggesting they do n't belong here --- is not a " writing style " .
You even stated you knew you were in danger of getting into it with me .
So do n't play innocent victim now .
I did n't belittle anyone .
As for my innocent comment about you yelling at me , I never imagined you would be so unfair .
On Leave it to Beaver , Wally and Beaver used to always make mention of their dad yelling at them .
Did he ever yell at them ?
No , he did n't .
Again , I have emailed Brad with concerns about your moderating .
What you are doing here is nothing short of chilling free speech .
I did n't belittle anyone .
Unless you can show how I did that , it 's not fair how you are wielding your moderator powers over me .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:36 pm PT ...
Hmmm ... ~ ~ ~
I think McCain may have had a mini stroke .
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Perhaps the spirits are channeling Bill Frist Fuck ~ ~ ~
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:42 pm PT ...
mediatruthnow
He did .
Not good enough for some ....
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
http://whois.domaintools.com/libertylife.com
Libertylife.com is registered to the Royal Bank of Canada .
Here 's another article written by Peter Tremblay .
http://www.agoracosmopol...ge/2008/02/01/02192.html
Gnostics suggest that the world may be currently run by an alien artificial intelligence by Peter Tremblay {excerpts} Dr. John Lash documents that the ancient Gnostics warned of an “ artificial man ” , that seeks copy and mimic reality , that also lacks a “ divine soul “ or “ nous “ .
This “ artificial man ” that in today ’s modern era , humans might colloquially refer to as “ cyborgs ” , lacked a spiritual interconnectedness , which inspires empathy in humans .
This " artificial man " was described as being guided by a cold mechanical consciousness , driven by ego , and the mathematical calculation scenarios of an artificial intelligence .
As an artificial intelligence , these alien consciousnesses that were without a " divine soul " originating from a biological consciousness , lacked empathy ....
Dr. Michael Salla 's research that in many ways complements Dr. Lash 's , also reveals that there are beings who look like humans , who live on Earth in pre-existing technologically advanced human civilizations , and those who live off - world , or in other time - space - thought continuums that continue to visit Earth .
These alien but apparently human - being - like species include both apparent " benevolent " groups who Dr. Salla documents as operating as a " celestial peace corps " , and apparent humans who have been witnessed by abductees as colluding with Manipulative alien groups .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
I did consider the source .
This is n't a new story .
It has been out for a while and has already been debunked .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/25/2008 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
They do not count any of the deaths that occur after the wounded have been picked up for medical attention , whether it is five seconds or five years post initial injury .
They do n't count the suicides .
They do n't count the grossly deformed dead babies from their parents ' exposure to DU .
They do n't mention the huge percentage of Gulf War vets on disability and the staggering numbers who have died from it since living through the initial attacks either .
If the government were not lying about all this to begin with , people would n't have to be trying so hard to estimate what the exact truth might be .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/25/2008 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
Okay , Uncle Brad jumping in again ...
The rules for posting at BRAD BLOG are very clearly posted .
At times , particularly when I 'm not available 24/7 ( as has been the case over the last two weeks ) ,
Agent 99 has to make judgment calls on what may or may not be a violation of the rules .
Her judgment is usually quite good , though there are occassions when there are tough calls .
I was n't around for the original Socrates / 99 incident from a day or two ago , and have only been able to partially follow this one .
I 've already asked 99 privately to NOT edit / modify anybody 's posts .
Appropriate protocol by her ( or me , or any other mods ) is to warn commenters first of posts that violate the rules , remove them entirely when necessary and replace them with an " Ed Note " as to why they were removed and what specific rule was violated , or to add an " Ed Note " with a warning and / or clarification of something in the post .
That said , we 've often got to go with our guts , and try to be as transparent about it as possible .
When we make mistakes in that process , we try to correct them where possible .
I 've asked 99 to un - edit a few points above where she can , so the mystery about what Socrates said or did n't is clarified .
She was doing her best to maintain the rules , as I believe Socrates was doing in trying to follow them .
Everybody 's patience here , and ramping down of accusations on all sides would be much appreciated .
We try to keep the comments as open as possible without registration , moderation or any kind of censorship , even when we disagree with the content .
We try to be as transparent as possible in the process .
We usually get it right , we do n't always succeed .
But we 're trying , because open discussion is always the best way to go .
Apologies for the confusion , and hopefully we can get back on course ASAP ( including vigorous debate and disagreement about issues rather than process , where possible . )
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/25/2008 @ 4:54 pm PT ...
he -he , Brads new theme song Link
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/25/2008 @ 4:59 pm PT ...
" I did consider the source .
This is n't a new story .
It has been out for a while and has already been debunked . "
Again , the SOURCE is the " US Department of Veteran Affairs " and The National Gulf War Resource Center and you I 'm afraid have " debunked " nothing whatsoever .
Also its LibertyFORlife.com which is not some insurance company in Canada .
I 'm getting so sick and tired of seeing the word " debunked " from people that have n't a clue that I could just scream .
I assume you did not bother to read the article nor did you watch any of the videos I linked because what you say proves to me you could n't have .
Watch them , read them .
I did n't mean to start some kind of scuffle I simply posted what I thought and still do think is valid information .
If anything I feel quite certain that 74,000 is LOW for deaths in the last 18 years from Depleted Uranium and various chemical agents soldiers and their families have been exposed to .
As Agent 99 stated in her last post we know for a fact they are lying through their teeth about actual casualties / fatalities , for that matter basically EVERYTHING so to believe the 4000 number is quite naive .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/25/2008 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
OMG !!!
Do n't click on my link !!!
I can't get that ruddy tune out of my head now !!!
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/25/2008 @ 8:14 pm PT ...
I 'm not doing your work for you .
If you want to prove your case , get the link to the Veterans Affair and copy and paste from it , or point out where to look for your proof .
I never made comments like this person has .
I attacked the message , not the messenger .
Ok , thanks for pointing out my error .
Libertyforlife.com
http://whois.domaintools.com/libertyforlife.com
I 'm getting so sick and tired of seeing the word " debunked " from people that have n't a clue that I could just scream ....
I never made a mean comment like this .
I never made a mean comment about anyone .
But this person has certainly made one towards me .
If there are gonna be rules enforced , they should be done so impartially .
There were no 74,000 US deaths from the Gulf Wars .
This story has been out for months .
The 74,000 refers to the total # of soldiers / vets who have died since 1990 .
But if you want to find the Veteran 's Affair report with the link and proof , then I will eat crow .
I remember this story when it first came out , and I looked into it .
Seeing that no one else is helping me out , and I am getting put down for thinking this story is a hoax , it is up to you to provide the link with the proof .
so to believe the 4000 number is quite naive .
Since you are making this personal about me , even though I have been sticking strictly to the story , if you want to scroll back to one of my comments , I agreed that the 4000 could very well be an underreporting .
The burden of proof is on yourself .
Find that primary source , and make your case , and I 'll stay openminded .
But to be honest , I looked into this before .
It turned out not to be true .
The same thing came out years ago from The Barnes Review .
http://www.oilempire.us/afp.html
Barnes Review floats fake story as bait to anti-war movement I 'm not a debunker either .
But I do believe there are rightwing elements who plant disinfo in efforts to curtail sincere research and consensus .
Here 's another link .
http://baltimore.indymed...g/newswire/display/10554
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/25/2008 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
Nunyabiz said : Again , the SOURCE is the " US Department of Veteran Affairs "
That 's not a source .
That 's a referral Your original note refers to a link which reports : U.S. investigative researchers have discovered an official U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs official , but not well publicized count , of 73,846 U.S. soldiers who have perished as an apparent result of Depleted Uranium based bio-chemical warfare exposure .
It also gives a thumbnail graphic of some report somewhere .
There are no links to the report , and there is no larger version of the graphic .
I think what Socrates is asking for --- justifiably --- is that " US Department of Veteran Affairs " report that is used for the basis of the claim being made .
I 'm sure you know well how often the media gets the story wrong ( sometimes intentionally , sometimes because they are lazy and / or misinformed ) .
I ask folks to all of them , including myself , to a much higher standard .
Do n't just believe what you read , make them ( and me ) prove it .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/25/2008 @ 10:44 pm PT ...
Brad , socrates , you both should back off and do some research if you 're going to leap on this stuff .
Whatever the exact number , it is vastly higher than the government lets on .
You are pouncing on someone who is , however accurately or inaccurately , making a number of righteous points ... maybe it 's testosterone ... maybe it 's something else .
Whatever .
I find it extremely distasteful and I want you to stop ... until you can take a good objective look at why in the hell you want to make a hairy deal out of someone 's good faith effort to communicate stuff he feels is important .
I did research for someone doing an article on DU last year , and it is at least as appalling as the use of that figure was meant to convey here .
I think if you look into the scattered , the multifarious pieces of literature on DU , you will begin also to believe we have lost , if not precisely this many , certainly hugely more than should ever have been lost , and definitely hugely more than 4000 .
Plus , Nunyabiz has asked a couple times that people watch the videos he linked , and if you 're not willing to do that , you should not be climbing all over him for his cite .
Either of you .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/26/2008 @ 12:04 am PT ...
When ya done counting round off to the nearest hundredth .01
I 'm anal about such things . . .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 3/26/2008 @ 12:05 am PT ...
99 is right and in fact you all have made valid points .
You should question factual evidence and their source when someone states and or introduces this information into an open speech blog like a lawyer .
Intellectually it 's difficult not to attack the messenger at times for many reasons except I agree that it 's the best way to keep control of a open forum .
OK .
While the number of dead US men and women called to fight under the leadership of Commander In Chief Bush and President of the Senate Cheney , it does n't change a damn thing to them or lead to their conviction for war crimes .
No matter how many die under their leadership , these 3rd rate murderous destructive loser pirates who still control US elections , who successfully used false flag war games in this country on 9/11/2001 still remain in power completely unchecked .
You ALL must check out Richard Gage 's 2 hour presentation at Architechs and Engineers for 9/11 Truth to fully grasp how the steel concrete Federal World Trade Tower building # 7 across the street from the other World Trade Towers collapsed into itself in 6.5 seconds although not hit by an aircraft .
There are so many great fact challenging the so called official government explanations of lies .
He is a very credible speaker.www.ae911truth.org
The guilty lives at the White House .
They live around Washington DC and many sit in Congress .
There really is no number of dead people that will bring anyone back or change the fact that the same 1 % elite people and their big corporations who support BU $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ H have already bought and paid for the next president .
Clinton , Obama , and McCain are owned by the same people .
If you think otherwise , then you should carry on believing that these 3rd rate lying loser pirates in the despicable murderous Bush administration and their accomplices are ever going to be held accountable or prosecuted for ANY of their crimes committed during their terms as Head of State .
This includes failure to protect the interests of the American people , the Constitution prior to Bush adminstration alterations , and the interests of all living species .
Lastly , who is in the electoral college ?
Ask Al Gore .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 3/26/2008 @ 12:19 am PT ...
Have to correct 1 statement from the previous because
We are talking about people who gave their life while in serving in military service .
While the number of dead US men and women called to fight under the leadership of Commander In Chief Bush and President of the Senate Cheney matters , it does n't change a damn thing to them or lead to their conviction for war crimes .
Jack Locker
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/26/2008 @ 12:41 am PT ...
One can never be two anal when it cums to handling significant figures ...
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 3/26/2008 @ 1:55 am PT ...
I dedicate this song called The Careless Fire to ending the Bush administration government war .
These death loving rusters who have done everything to sell our country and world out to line their pocket have successfully raped it 's wealth almost to the point of national bankrupcy and world destruction .
All the world must know the US people are exposing 9/11 war games as a false attack by Bush government to help advance their takeover agenda and will completely expose their version of 9/11 history as blatent lies .
The Bush administration and people responsible for the false flag war games on 9/11/2001 need to be prosecuted in a world court along with their US corporate mass news media monopoly that has been involved in their criminal coverup of the truth from the get go .
This monopoly on news must be broken up and the insulated Bush administration destructors must be imprisoned for consecutive life sentences .
We can complain about the election system all day but if we do not effect change to the crooked system and revert the governmental changes Bush government made during their tenure , our bacon is gonna be burning real soon by The Careless Fire .
http://www.kabongband.com/music.html
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/26/2008 @ 11:55 am PT ...
" That 's not a source .
That 's a referral "
My mistake , I thought the entity that gathered and compiled the data would always be considered the " source " .
When I went back to get this .pdf guess what ?
It has been scrubbed from the site I am not surprised .
No matter there is a plethora of information about Depleted Uranium weapons , how much has been used to date , its effects on the human body .
Anyone with 2 brain cells to rub together to get a spark can easily deduce that when you atomize 1000 - 2000 TONS of U - 238 which blows in the wind and is inhaled or contaminates wounds , gets in the drinking water etc and you have Millions of Iraqi citizens and since 1991 over 1 Million US soldiers with the reported huge number of them coming back with " Gulf War Syndrome " which is nothing but exposure to Depleted Uranium and various other toxic chemical weapons then 74,000 dead in 18 years because of this exposure is very realistic , in fact its quite conservative .
56 % of all Gulf War 1 troops are on permanent disability , there are 518,739 Vets of both Wars on permanent disability with very high rates of cancers etc .
These soldiers were all killed in the war just not instantly .
In all previous wars those totals were approx .
5 - 10 % .
http://www.truthout.org/docs_2006/042007B.shtml
http://www.uruknet.de/?p...p;hd=&size=1&l=e
Lets just suppose that " terrorist " spread 1000 tons of toxic dust over several large US cities a decade ago and 100s of 1000s of deaths , cancers , debilitating illnesses , birth defects were the outcome of that " terrorist action " now what would your view be , would that be considered a crime against humanity by the US MSM ?
http://www.youtube.com/w...aalo&feature=related
http://www.gulfwarvets.c...m/du_public_disaster.htm
http://www.rense.com/general70/deathmde.htm
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=injUWpBnuO4
Anyone that cant take the time to read a couple of articles or view a few videos cant pretend that they " really " care about whether 4000 or 74,000 were killed .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/26/2008 @ 1:09 pm PT ...
Forgot this one .
Here Doug Rokke gives the numbers of soldiers affected , the REAL casualties and this was Feb 23 2003 over 5 years ago , the numbers are considerably higher today .
about 5 mins in .
http://www.youtube.com/w...h?v=W_7p1dMC1n8&NR=1
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/26/2008 @ 1:23 pm PT ...
While I appreciate the passion of Nunyabiz and Agent99 , that does n't change the fact that the source was bogus .
Without the actual original report , there is no way to use it .
People should note how I have attacked the message , not the messenger .
You guys are n't helping your cause by attacking folks on your side .
It 's better to take constructive criticism from an ally , than to let the dark side use honest mistakes or planted disinfo against us .
I remember reading through that pdf when it first came out months ago .
While it raises questions , I believe that Tremblay and this Clive Boustred executive turned " radical " need to be scrutinized .
That was who I was attacking , not yourselves .
Trying to figure out how many actual US soldiers have died from the illegal war makes sense .
Good sources on depleted uranium would help the cause .
We just need a sincere health expert and the data .
How much du is used ?
How much is each soldier exposed to ?
What effect would that have on life expectancy ?
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/26/2008 @ 1:45 pm PT ...
I read the truthout.org link , and that is more like it for proof , imho .
Young people returning should not be dying from cancer more often than their civilian counterparts .
If that can be proven , then bingo , there 's proof that du is responsible .
With the military denying a relationship between du and fatal illness , that is proof that the numbers are being underreported .
A link in that article is now broken .
It was described as following : April 10 , 2007 : Star Tribune ( Minn. , Mn. ) reports a state Senate committee OK'd a bill providing for testing veteran national guardsmen returning from Iraq to see if dust from spent - uranium munitions has harmed them .
Testing needs to be done .
I hope that law got passed or will be .
I found one du law that has been passed in Wisconsin , but it seems to be mostly about having to inform soldiers about the health concerns with du .
http://www.postcrescent....101/802100654/1003/APC01
Vets to learn of dangers A bill aimed at informing military veterans about the dangers of depleted uranium has become law .
The legislation , authored by state Rep. Tom Nelson , D - Kaukauna , was signed by Gov. Jim Doyle on Friday .
" With the governor 's approval , Wisconsin is now a national leader in addressing depleted uranium contamination and protecting our soldiers , " Nelson said in a press release .
" AB 75 is the most comprehensive state law on the books .
It will ensure that our veterans receive the assistance they deserve . "
According to Nelson , depleted uranium is used in munitions in military conflicts and evidence indicates soldiers exposed to contamination are increased risk of biogenetic effects .
" Thirty years ago , returning Vietnam veterans were reporting symptoms that were later found to be caused by Agent Orange , " Nelson said .
" Today 's veterans are reporting similar life - threatening medical symptoms , caused not by Agent Orange but by another substance , depleted uranium . "
Compiled by Gannett Wisconsin Newspapers ' Karen Lincoln Michel and Ben Jones
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/26/2008 @ 2:28 pm PT ...
How much du is used ?
How much is each soldier exposed to ?
What effect would that have on life expectancy ?
Approx .
1200 -2000 TONS and counting from reports that I see .
Depends on where that soldier was , could be zero , could have been enough to kill him on the spot .
Could have been a trace amount enough to kill him 5 - 10 + years later with whatever cancer or organ failure .
Logically at least 80 % of everyone there on the ground had at least some exposure .
Again depends on exposure , could have died immediately if in close proximity to a shell vaporizing , also depends on what size particles are inhaled or whatever manner such as a open wound .
The smaller the particle the more deadly it is as you would likely inhale more small particles plus 2000 nano size particles have more surface area than 20 .01 micron particles .
Larger particles can be flushed out of the system easier also .
This also can be passed on to family members and causes severe birth defects .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 3/31/2008 @ 6:37 am PT ...
Heads up people , this " socrates " poster is KNOWN for being one of the chemtrail believers and he has a forum called , http://www.allaircraftar...involved.freeforums.org/
One look at his site will explain a lot about the mentality of the person your dealing with here , I understand that he has been banned from numerous websites including chemtrail sites , he can not even get along with his own kind , I find it telling that he has not mentioned the fact that he operates his own site / forum on which he rails to high Heaven about everyone being " Paid Fakes & Secret Government Agents " , etc , etc .
My opinion of this poster " socrates " is that he is something of a major conspiracy wacko so let the good readers be advised and be beware of just who they are dealing with .
Good luck .
Mike
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/1/2008 @ 6:43 am PT ...
Well what is n't a conspiracy ?
There are indeed " Paid Fakes & Secret Government Agents "
There are some that are blatant , for instance the entire US Corporate Mainstream Media is a " conspiracy " of disinfo artist 100s even 1000s of them spewing full blown Reich wing propaganda right in your face on a daily basis .
I am thinking at this point about 60 % of the US population has finally figured out they are being lied to continuously .
But that leaves at least 40 % of the population that are so ignorant they cant even see the most blatant in your face clear as it can possibly be conspiracy of disinfo freaks ever to be assembled .
The trick is trying to decipher what is real & factual from what is total propaganda , usually this just requires good common sense .
Sometimes it requires quite a bit if research and at least an IQ above room temp , sadly in this country today that group is dangerously small .
In most big cities today less than 50 % even graduate High School !
Some people " Socrates " here for example have been sidelined into paranoia .
He at least is trying to figure out what is real and what is BS , sometimes people even reasonably intelligent people are fooled by something they stumble upon .
Personally I see nothing whatsoever that would lead me to believe anything about " Chemtrails " but nothing would surprise me anymore .
9/11 Truth has been infiltrated by disinfo shills , the No Planers , Holograms and Space weapons are clearly disinfo in order to attack the message & this gives the MSM propaganda the opportunity to place everyone that questions 9/11 into that tiny group of manufactured crazies .
The Oil Companies although mainly Exxonmobile are actively attacking the 1000s upon 1000s of concerned climatologist / scientist with a web of pure BS , even though very tiny in comparison they have LOTS of money and paid shills in the right places so they are having an impact on the truth about Global Warming .
It amazes me the " intelligent " people that have been sucked into the Oil Company propaganda and now question what 98 % of the scientific community are saying because that 2 % has so much money and influence behind them .
In the information age things are n't so black & white anymore .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... A J Nickols said on 4/1/2008 @ 11:54 am PT ...
" " There are indeed " Paid Fakes & Secret Government Agents " "
___________________________________________________
That 's a given for anyone with a brain but not everyone that takes a different point of view or disagrees with how you perceive the world is a Paid Fakes or Secret Government Agent as seems to be the case with this ' socrates ' individual , I believe defining him as being only " Paranoid " stretches the sensibilities of that common sense thing you referred to that people should if the could exhibit and pursuing through his http://www.allaircraftar...involved.freeforums.org/
website gives one pause about this persons sanity to say the least , ' socrates ' obviously thought better than to add his website link to his post here in order to keep it from the " Brad Blog " readers so how is he any better than the " Paid Fakes & Secret Government Agents " that he accuses others of being , why does he keep secrets , is he a paid fake or a government disinformation agent , can a person that makes so much noise really be trusted , after all , we do not even know who this person is , do we ?
I find the irony of it amusing , sad and somewhat hypocritical that this person can bring himself to even mention other people in the context of being involved with so called " conspiracy [s ] " when he himself is in fact so deeply immersed in a conspiracy world of his own choosing , while true that he may be trying to figure out who is real for those that are otherwise as he calls them , paid fakes / government agents / strawmen , whatever , I doubt seriously that he is proving anything other than his ability to enrage those people that he labels as such who for no other reason than not agreeing with his particular thinking on issues that he seems to believe that he and he alone is the only correct authority .
Well , I say to each there own beliefs but there is something to be said for having the ability to be flexible in ones thinking , I believe that it 's a good thing that the ridged thinking of these ' socrates ' of the would exhibit is not the norm or we would surely not have evolved to date past the openings of our caves and our Neanderthal past .
Being conscious of the obvious disinfo that is spread 24/ 7 is just good thinking , letting yourself become a victim of another persons radical , extremist and paranoid thinking is not good or smart , in fact it is quite stupid , I site George W. Bush as a prime example of such , we all know exactly how well he has taken care of America with his King Of The World thinking , cowboy attitude and right wing flat earth followers that support him and his criminal cartel .
There is much in this world that is far more important than " Conspiracy theorist " like ' socrates ' carrying on about chemtrails , we have people being killed in a war that in my opinion should never begun , 4000 + and counting because Bush & Co. lied to sell it to us , Iraq had WMD , they could reach the U.S. coast with drones , lies and more lies on top of yet more lies , the entire Bush administration was and is built upon colossal lies which they are still trying to force down the publics throats , why does this criminal Bush and his co-criminal band of thugs still walk free , that is the question ?
AJN .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/1/2008 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
" why does this criminal Bush and his co-criminal band of thugs still walk free , that is the question ? "
That 's easy , the MSM are the main culprit and the sheer ignorance & fat lazy spinelessness of the vast majority of the US population a close second .
These criminals should have been swinging from a rope at least 5 years ago .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 4/1/2008 @ 8:46 pm PT ...
So I got my posts scrubbed and pruned , when I never even attacked anyone .
Yet these new people come on here to specifically flame me .
Agent99 , where are you ?
Hey Nunyabiz , your source is still no good , so no need to call me paranoid .
I never called you any names .
Hey Agent99 , do you moderate at Democratic Underground also ?
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/1/2008 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
Sorry , sock , in point of fact , I missed Mike 's comment until it had been up for a day ... got sidetracked at the wrong time I guess .
Still , I felt he was being ironic and the post was old enough that it did n't matter so much .
Looks like you can dish it out , but not take it ???
Mike , AJ , please read the commenting rules about treatment of your fellow commenters .
Thank you very much .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/2/2008 @ 6:08 am PT ...
Hey Nunyabiz , your source is still no good Yes as I said earlier the .pdf file from that source was scrubbed from that site , that should actually tell you something right there .
But there are hundreds of other sources that show what Depleted Uranium does and how much we have used since Gulf War 1 .
We also know how many soldiers are on permanent disability from just Gulf War 1 & 2 .
More than 74,000 have died due to exposure to DU & various other chemical agents out of the 1 million plus , within the next 10 years these 20 - 25 year olds are going to suffer probably another 200,000 dead because of cancers and organ failures due to their exposure to DU .
The only difference between that dead soldier and the one shot in the head is he lived 10 years or so in pain before the injury he incurred on the battlefield killed him .
Dead is dead in my book and way more than 4000 have died .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 4/2/2008 @ 8:41 am PT ...
Sorry , sock , in point of fact , I missed Mike 's comment until it had been up for a day ... got sidetracked at the wrong time I guess .
Still , I felt he was being ironic and the post was old enough that it did n't matter so much .
Looks like you can dish it out , but not take it ???
Mike , AJ , please read the commenting rules about treatment of your fellow commenters .
Thank you very much .
Please do n't call me sock , soc or socrates is ok .
I have dished out nothing .
You scrubbed and deleted my posts which were not attacks on any posters .
I simply disagreed with some ideas in a civilised manner .
You apparently do n't like me .
That 's fine .
That 's your right .
But please treat everyone the same .
Nunyabiz posted : Some people " Socrates " here for example have been sidelined into paranoia .
I am asking you nicely Agent99 to be a fair moderator .
I never attacked anyone .
What 's with the double standards ?
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/3/2008 @ 6:51 am PT ...
" Some people " Socrates " here for example have been sidelined into paranoia .
I am asking you nicely Agent99 to be a fair moderator .
I never attacked anyone .
What 's with the double standards ? "
I fail to see how that is some horrible insult or an " attack " .
I also think your website concerning " Chemtrails " is proof enough that indeed you might just be a wee bit paranoid .
and after all this hoopla over nothing the simple fact remains that what I posted was factual .
WAY more than 4000 have died , it is AT LEAST 74,000 that have died in Iraq since 1990 .
In Gulf War 1 there were way more troops on the ground however they were only there a week or so , Gulf War 2 however has exposed many many more soldiers for a much longer period .
The death toll for Iraq will exceed Vietnam by at least 300 % or more .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 4/3/2008 @ 10:13 am PT ...
There 's nothing but ad hominems here and moderating with double standards .
Change chemtrails into weather modification , and it is a proven fact .
Unlike yourself , I try to weed out sources which hurt the thesis .
I never attacked anybody personally , but I got my posts scrubbed and deleted .
Other people like Nunyabiz call me paranoid , and Agent99 lets it slide and says I can dish it out but can't take it .
And it 's really unfair how I have to copy everything I post here , because it may be altered and have comments added to it making me look like the villian .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/3/2008 @ 11:24 am PT ...
I have n't " attacked " you at all .
Right now you are just going on & on about nothing .
Meanwhile what I said in my original post is correct just the one .pdf file was scrubbed is all and that was after I had posted it .
I check everything I post usually in triplicate to make sure .
FACT is that the US has dropped TONS of Depleted Uranium onto Iraq , Afghanistan , Bosnia which has caused 1000s upon 1000s of deaths and will continue to do so for 1000s of years .
Why not discuss that instead ?
The original premise of this thread was to highlight the alleged " 4000 " dead .
I guarantee you that it is WAY higher than that .
Hell just the ones that died within 48 hours of being wounded would bring that count far beyond 4000 .
That 4000 number are the ones that were dragged off the battlefield dead , if they made it to a Vehicle , Helicopter and alive to a hospital they were n't " counted " .
This is what these bastards do with everything , they use creative number crunching .
The Unemployment rate is WAY higher than 5 % is closer to 11 - 14 % not to mention the " Underemployment " rate meaning those that lost a very well paying job only to be able to find nothing but maybe $ 6 hr job I bet is in the 30 % range .
We have been in a recession for 2 + years already yet they keep saying we " may " fall into a recession .
The entire government BOTH democrats and Rethuglicans are crooked as hell and complicit in war crimes , crimes against humanity , Election Fraud and Treason .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... A J Nickols said on 4/3/2008 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 27
Agent 99 " I 'm trying to get you to stop calling people " conspiracy theorists " through the back door by citing someone else as their fellow .
I 'm sure you do n't think you 're smearing people , but that 's exactly what you 're doing .
Just knock it off .
You can disagree without the insults .
It 's really not that hard . "
COMMENT # 31
Agent 99 " " I do n't have the right to question such a statement ?
You do n't have a right to use Brad Blog as your forum to bash people who make such statements , to belittle them by calling them names and suggesting they not be allowed to speak .
Seeing that you deleted what I wrote , the reader is going to have to take your word for it .
It 's that or continue to let you blow your own horn at others ' expense , call them names , overtly or subtly , but none the less determinedly .
... you could have added to the discussion instead of scrubbing my posts .
I do n't want to add to your attacks .
I want them to stop .
Thus , there is no way for me to defend myself against your critiques of my writing style .
Belittling people --- continually suggesting they do n't belong here --- is not a " writing style " .
You even stated you knew you were in danger of getting into it with me .
So do n't play innocent victim now . " "
COMMENT # 61 Agent 99 " Looks like you can dish it out , but not take it ?? ? "
______________________________________
I could not have said it better .
I 'm sorry Agent 99 for mentioning anything about Socrates annoying , aggravating , disruptive , agitating , vicious personal attack history across he internet at various sites / blogs / forums or the fact that he is a CONSPIRACY THEORIST by definition of the term but I read about it all at his own site , http://allaircraftarenotinvolved.freeforums.org/, again I 'm sorry for bringing these facts into the Brad Blog , I guess ignorance is bliss here , I 'll not bother with trying to inform you Agent 99 or the readers of the Brad Blog of this Socrates history which goes to his character or lack thereof , he is all yours , enjoy .
I really can not help but wonder why someone who operates there own conspiracy website as Socrates does has not made a post on it since April 2nd but spends plenty of time here at the Brad Blog whining about how unfairly he is being treated seems rather odd to say the least .
I know from his stats he does not have many followers or members at his site but you would think he would want to spend hi time there with the ones he dose have instead of cruising the web for real blogs and forums , I guess he must get lonely at his obscure chemtrail site but then what do I really care , moving on now .
I think your right Agent 99 , from what I have read at Socrates site he can dish it out but he can't take it at all , this guy is big trouble , count on it .
AJN .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Redender said on 4/5/2008 @ 3:42 am PT ...
Hi people I have a question to ask .
As I am sure most of the people here have seen the horrible pictures of babies being born with masive deformations from DU in Iraq has anyone seen any links to our soldiers babies being born with these deformations here in the U.S. ?
If anyone has any info or knows of any links to this happening here because of thier time spent on thier tour and also being exposed to DU would you kindly post this here ?
Much thanks in advance .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/5/2008 @ 10:19 am PT ...
There are n't too many that ever make it to news reports because the so called Media wont usually print anything that could hurt their bottom line of war profiteering , if they do its limited and only done once in order to cover their ass .
From then on its omissions , distortions & cover ups .
http://www.democracynow....ntaminated_with_depleted
http://www.democracynow...._s_soldiers_contaminated
http://www.iacenter.org/images/du_snafu.pdf
http://www.americanfreep...html/explaining_how.html
http://www.boston.com/ne...t_sickening_us_soldiers/
http://www.turks.us/arti...?story=20040728092303616
" " Increased rates of immune system disorders and other wide - ranging symptoms , including chronic pain , fatigue and memory loss , have been reported in over one quarter of combat veterans of the 1991 Gulf War .
Following the first gulf war , scientists at the Basra hospital and university have monitored the incidence of leukemia ’s and other malignancies among children in the Basra area , and of congenital malformations in newborn children .
The data for the period 1990 - 2001 show an incidence increase of 426 % for general malignancies , 366 % for leukemia ’s and of over 600 % for birth defects , with all series showing a roughly increasing pattern with time . " "
http://vids.myspace.com/...ual&VideoID=13587761
http://www.truthout.org/docs_2006/042007B.shtml
http://observer.guardian...331294932-119093,00.html
" " I suspect the military - industrial complex will stonewall admitting the effects of DU for as long as possible to avoid accepting responsibility , not to mention liability , for their reckless actions .
When John Hanchette , a founding editor of USA Today tried to publish stories about DU , he received a phone call from the Pentagon asking him to desist .
He was later replaced at USA Today .
The World Health Organization 's chief expert on radiation and health had his report on DU suppressed .
Dr. Asaf Durakovic , then a colonel in the U.S. Army , was asked to lie about the risks of DU to humans .
So the stonewalling will continue , even as cancers rage among our soldiers and Iraqi civilians , even as our soldiers die , or commit suicide to escape the horrific pain , even as birth defects proliferate across Iraq and among our veterans .
But what of that ?
DU is a moneymaker for corporations like ATK .
And turning DU into munitions helps the government solve a big problem - what to do with mountains of DU it must store and , by law , keep out of the environment .
What better solution than giving it free to the munitions makers , who then sell the munitions back to Uncle Sam at a handsome profit ?
Everyone wins .
Unless we continue to fight for the truth , and to cry out for justice , our soldiers and Iraqi civilians will suffer and die in increasing numbers .
Estimates of how many may die in Iraq are truly staggering - up to 11 % of Iraq 's 27 million population .
This is a massive crime against humanity that remains in the shadows .
http://www.gulfwarvets.com/du_keeps_killing.htm
" " Those individuals ( military and civilian ) at or near target areas are most immediately affected by DU contamination , especially if they remain there for an extended time .
During the 6 week 1991 Gulf war only 467 U.S. personnel were wounded and about 150 killed .
Out of the 580,000 military personnel who served in that war , 325,000 were reported to be on permanent medical disability by the year 2000 .
It was also reported then the number was increasing by 43,000 each year .
In fact , the annual increases were even greater , and by 2004 the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ( the VA ) reported over 518,000 Gulf - era veterans to be on medical disability ( Edit mine : This report appears to have been scrubbed from the VA website as far as I can tell ) .
It also reported over 500,000 veterans were homeless .
Studies were also done on veterans whose wives had normal babies before the war .
It reported two - thirds of post - war births of those studied had severe birth defects , such as missing brains , eyes , legs and arms and blood diseases . " "
IF that can be confirmed then TWO THIRDS of post war births " of those studied " were affected .
http://www.globalresearc...60119&articleId=1754
http://www.gulfwarvets.c...m/du_public_disaster.htm
I just keep going on & on with literally hundreds of such articles & reports but you get the gist .
Plain old common sense tells you that when TONS of radioactive material ( DU ) is dispersed into the air in tiny atomized particles blowing in the wind all over Iraq that 100s of 1000s of people both Iraqis and US military are going to be infected , PERIOD no ifs ands or buts .
It takes sometimes 2 - 5 years to show up and even when it does the Military / US government and Mainstream Media cover it up & lie about it like they do everything else .
Sadly none of this is ever going to stop until WE THE PEOPLE stop it and do so by the 10s of millions .
If that means literally tar & feathering all of Congress then so be it .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 4/5/2008 @ 11:49 am PT ...
# 67 Just more ad hominems and other bs .
These people are dropping posts and breaking the rules after these stories make it to the second page .
Agent99 has the plausible deniability that it 's impossible to moderate everywhere , especially a week or two after the threads have started .
Fine , I understand that .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/5/2008 @ 12:19 pm PT ...
and you still keep on & on about nothing yet still refuse to address what it was you were wrong about in the first place .
I think I have more than proven my case , however even on Bradblog most just really do n't give a Shiite .
No wonder why DU is still being used by the ton and is basically committing Genocide against Millions , we just do n't care .
We would " rather " believe the 4000 count lie than the 74,000 and soon to be 100s of 1000s reality .
Pity .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/5/2008 @ 1:42 pm PT ...
The topic of this thread is the people we have lost in Iraq and their families .
We 've already made hash of it here , but if we do n't get back on topic , I 'm shutting down comments on this thread .
This is my last warning .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 4/5/2008 @ 2:43 pm PT ...
I kinda thought that is what I was doing ?
At least the " real " numbers we have lost in Iraq and the REAL affect on their families as opposed to the clearly delusional 4000 number issued by known liars .
Sadly I cant get anyone to discuss that .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/5/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
I think that 's what you have been doing too .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 4/5/2008 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
Peter Yang
Originally published in the April 2008 issue
1 .
If , in the dying light of the Bush administration , we go to war with Iran , it 'll all come down to one man .
If we do not go to war with Iran , it 'll come down to the same man .
He is that rarest of creatures in the Bush universe : the good cop on Iran , and a man of strategic brilliance .
His name is William Fallon , although all of his friends call him " Fox , " which was his fighter - pilot call sign decades ago .
Forty years into a military career that has seen this admiral rule over America 's two most important combatant commands , Pacific Command and now United States Central Command , it 's impossible to make this guy — as he likes to say — " nervous in the service . "
Past American governments have used saber rattling as a useful tactic to get some bad actor on the world stage to fall in line .
This government has n't mastered that kind of subtlety .
When Dick Cheney has rattled his saber , it has generally meant that he intends to use it .
And in spite of recent war spasms aimed at Iran from this sclerotic administration , Fallon is in no hurry to pick up any campaign medals for Iran .
And therein lies the rub for the hard - liners led by Cheney .
Army General David Petraeus , commanding America 's forces in Iraq , may say , " You cannot win in Iraq solely in Iraq , " but Fox Fallon is Petraeus 's boss , and he is the commander of United States Central Command , and Fallon does n't extend Petraeus 's logic to mean war against Iran .
So while Admiral Fallon 's boss , President George W. Bush , regularly trash - talks his way to World War III and his administration casually casts Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as this century 's Hitler ( a crown it has awarded once before , to deadly effect ) , it 's left to Fallon — and apparently Fallon alone — to argue that , as he told Al Jazeera last fall : " This constant drumbeat of conflict ... is not helpful and not useful .
I expect that there will be no war , and that is what we ought to be working for .
We ought to try to do our utmost to create different conditions . "
What America needs , Fallon says , is a " combination of strength and willingness to engage . "
Those are fighting words to your average neocon — not to mention your average supporter of Israel , a good many of whom in Washington seem never to have served a minute in uniform .
But utter those words for print and you can easily find yourself defending your indifference to " nuclear holocaust . "
How does Fallon get away with so brazenly challenging his commander in chief ?
The answer is that he might not get away with it for much longer .
President Bush is not accustomed to a subordinate who speaks his mind as freely as Fallon does , and the president may have had enough .
Just as Fallon took over Centcom last spring , the White House was putting itself on a war footing with Iran .
Almost instantly , Fallon began to calmly push back against what he saw as an ill - advised action .
Over the course of 2007 , Fallon 's statements in the press grew increasingly dismissive of the possibility of war , creating serious friction with the White House .
Last December , when the National Intelligence Estimate downgraded the immediate nuclear threat from Iran , it seemed as if Fallon 's caution was justified .
But still , well - placed observers now say that it will come as no surprise if Fallon is relieved of his command before his time is up next spring , maybe as early as this summer , in favor of a commander the White House considers to be more pliable .
If that were to happen , it may well mean that the president and vice - president intend to take military action against Iran before the end of this year and do n't want a commander standing in their way .
And so Fallon , the good cop , may soon be unemployed because he 's doing what a generation of young officers in the U.S. military are now openly complaining that their leaders did n't do on their behalf in the run-up to the war in Iraq :
He 's standing up to the commander in chief , whom he thinks is contemplating a strategically unsound war .
It 's not that Fallon is risk averse — anything but .
" When I look at the Middle East , " he says late one recent night in Afghanistan , " I 'd just as soon double down on the bet . "
When Fallon is serious , his voice is feathery and he tends to speak in measured koans that , taken together , say , Have no fear .
Let Washington be a tempest .
Wherever I am is the calm center of the storm .
And Fallon is in no hurry to call Iran 's hand on the nuclear question .
He is as patient as the White House is impatient , as methodical as President Bush is mercurial , and simply has , as one aide put it , " other bright ideas about the region . "
Fallon is even more direct :
In a part of the world with " five or six pots boiling over , our nation can't afford to be mesmerized by one problem . "
And if it comes to war ?
" Get serious , " the admiral says .
" These guys are ants .
When the time comes , you crush them . "
2 .
It was Rumsfeld 's fall that led to Fallon picking up his greatest and , inevitably , final mission .
Smart guy that he is , Robert Gates , the incoming secretary of defense , finagled Fallon out of Pacific Command , where he'd been radically making peace with the Chinese , so that he could , among other things , provide a check on the eager - to - please General David Petraeus in Iraq .
As the head of U.S. Central Command , his beat is the desert that stretches from East Africa to the Chinese border — a fractious little sandbox with Iraq on one edge and Afghanistan on the other and tens of thousands of American boots already on the ground in both .
Pakistan 's there in one corner , threatening to boil over and spill its nuclear jihadists forth upon the world ; in another , the Gaza Strip continues to hum like a bowstring ; and up north , the post - Soviet republics of Central Asia , the ' Stans , rattle along under dictators who range from the merely authoritarian to the genuinely insane .
And right in the middle lies Iran .
Where there 's peace in the region , how do you keep it ?
Where there 's war , how do you contain it or end it ?
Where there are threats , how do you counter them ?
For starters , you might want to make some friends .
Which is what Fallon was doing recently on a tour of his area of responsibility .
It 's late November in smoggy , car - infested Cairo , and I 'm standing in the front lobby of a rather ornate " infantry officers club " on the outskirts of the old town center .
Central Command 's just finished its large , biannual regional exercise called Bright Star , and today Egypt 's army is hosting a " senior leadership seminar " for all the attending generals .
It 's the barroom scene from Star Wars , with more national uniforms than I can count .
Judging by Fallon 's grimace as his official party passes , I can tell that the cover story in this morning 's Egyptian Gazette landed hard on somebody 's desk at the White House .
U.S. RULES OUT STRIKE AGAINST IRAN , read the banner headline , and the accompanying photo showed Fallon in deep consultation with Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak .
Fallon sidles up to me during a morning coffee break .
" I 'm in hot water again , " he says .
" The White House ? "
The admiral slowly nods his head .
" They say , ' Why are you even meeting with Mubarak ? ' "
This seems to utterly mystify Fallon .
" Why ? " he says , shrugging with palms extending outward .
" Because it 's my job to deal with this region , and it's all anyone wants to talk about right now .
People here hear what I 'm saying and understand .
I do n't want to get them too spun up .
Washington interprets this as all aimed at them .
Instead , it 's aimed at governments and media in this region .
I 'm not talking about the White House . "
He points to the ground , getting exercised .
" This is my center of gravity .
This is my job . "
Fallon was quietly opposed to a long - term surge in Iraq , because more of our military assets tied down in Iraq makes it harder to come up with a comprehensive strategy for the Middle East , and he knew how that looked to higher - ups .
He also knows that sometimes his statements on Iran strike the same people as running " counter to stated policy . "
" But look , " he says , " yesterday I 'm speaking in front of 250 Egyptian businessmen over lunch here in Cairo , and these guys keep holding up newspapers and asking , ' Is this true and can you explain , please ? '
I need to present the threats and capabilities in the appropriate language .
That 's one of my duties . "
Fallon explains his approach to Iran the same way he explains why he does n't make Al Qaeda the focus of his regional strategy as Centcom 's commander : " What 's the best and most effective way to combat Al Qaeda ?
We tend to make too much or too little a deal about it .
I want a more even keel .
I come from the school of ' walk softly and carry a big stick . ' "
Fallon is the American at the center of every circle in this part of the world .
And it is a testament to his skill , and to the failure of American diplomacy , that so much is left for this military man to do himself .
He spends very little time at Centcom headquarters in Tampa and is instead constantly " forward , " on the move between Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and all the ' Stans of Central Asia .
He was with Pakistani strongman Pervez Musharraf the day before he declared emergency rule last fall .
" I 'm not the chief diplomat of this country , and certainly not the secretary of state , " Fallon says in Kabul 's Green Zone the next night .
" But I am close to the problems . "
So , he says , that leaves him no choice but to work these issues , day in and day out .
Late that night , I am sitting with Fallon deep in the compound that encompasses the presidential palace and the International Security Assistance Force .
We are alone inside the cramped office of ISAF 's chief public - affairs officer .
Fallon had spent several hours with " Mushi " the day before in Islamabad , discussing his impending decision .
The press coverage would emphasize how Fallon had sternly warned Musharraf not to impose emergency rule .
But on this night , the admiral seems neither alarmed by the move nor resigned to its more negative implications .
As he talks , Fallon casually takes off the elastic bands that clamp his camo pants to his regulation tan boots .
He 's beat after a long day that included meetings with President Karzai and a helicopter trip to Khost , Osama bin Laden 's pre-9/11 Afghanistan stronghold .
But it was the martial law next door in Pakistan that is the focus of the world .
Fallon has been through this before .
" I did n't do any preaching , " Fallon says about his talks with Musharraf .
" In a previous life here , I had two extra constitutional events : a coup in Thailand , and a head of the military took over in Fiji .
So I talked to the president for quite a while yesterday , both with the ambassador and then alone .
He walked me through his rationale for what he was going to do and why he was going to do it and why he thought he had to do it .
We talked about what planning he'd done for this , the downsides of this , what could happen , and how that could screw up a lot of things .
At the end of the day , it 's his country and he's the boss of it , and he 's going to make his decision . "
Before he walked into that room in Islamabad , Fallon had plenty of calls from Washington with instructions to pressure Musharraf down another path .
" I 'll talk to him , " Fallon replied .
" There 's an awful lot of china that could break .
So I 'll do it in a professional manner , because I still have to work with him . "
As the admiral recounts the exchange , his voice is flat , his gaze steady .
His calculus on this subject is far more complex than anyone else 's .
He is neither an idealist nor a fantasist .
In Pakistan , he has the most volatile combination of forces in the world , yet he is deeply calm .
" Did I tell President Musharraf this is not a recommended course of action ?
Of course .
Did I tell him there are very negative effects that this could have ?
Of course .
Is he aware of these ?
Yes .
" He 's made his calculations .
He feels very strongly that he 's responsible for his country .
His alternative is to step down .
That would not be the most helpful thing for his country . "
Why not ?
" It 's a very immature democracy .
Look at the history of the place .
It 's rough .
Musharraf knows his country .
He knows what he 's got .
Their factions , their tribes .
There 's that group of folks that wants nothing more than to start war with India , another group that wants to take over the FATA [ Federally Administered Tribal Areas ] , another group that wants to take over part of Baluchistan .
He 's got a tough road .
Most guys in his position do . "
As for Washington 's notion that Benazir Bhutto's return to the country would fix all that , Fallon is pessimistic .
He slowly shakes his head .
" Better forget that . "
Less than two months later , of course , his rueful prophesy will be confirmed when Bhutto is murdered by militants in Rawalpindi .
Meanwhile , Fallon argues that with U.S. plans in the offing to arm Pashtun tribes against Al Qaeda and the Taliban in the FATA , now would not seem to be the time to be pushing the democracy agenda in Pakistan .
When Fallon asked Musharraf , " How long do you expect to have to do it ? " the general answered , " Not long . "
And twenty - four hours later , Fallon counseled patience .
After all , he said , think about how strong America 's military relationship is with Egypt despite Hosni Mubarak 's twenty - seven - year " emergency rule . "
But that does n't mean the relationship building remains limited to just Musharraf , and so the rest of Fallon 's long day in Islamabad was spent networking with General Ashfaq Kayani , former head of Pakistan 's much - feared Interservices Intelligence agency and new chief of army staff .
If Musharraf were ever to step or be pushed aside , Kayani is a leading contender to replace him .
But more to the point for Fallon , Kayani becomes the operational point man for any increased collaboration between the U.S. military and the Pakistani army to tackle the issues of the FATA , which a Centcom senior intelligence official calls " the huge elephant in the closet . "
That 's putting it mildly .
The tribal region is where , according to our own National Intelligence Estimate last year , Al Qaeda was reconstituting its operational capacity , and was now in its strongest position since 9/11 .
As with Pakistan , Fallon keeps his powder dry when he deals with Iran .
He does n't react like Pavlov 's dog to inflammatory rhetoric from inflammatory little men .
He understands the basic rule of international diplomacy : Everybody gets a move .
" Tehran 's feeling pretty cocky right now because they 've been able to inflict pain on us in Iraq and Afghanistan . "
So the trick , in Fallon 's mind , is " to try to figure out what it is they really want and then , maybe — not that we 're going to play Santa Claus here or the Good Humor Man — but the fact is that everyone needs something in this world , and so most countries that are functional and are contributing to the world have found a way to trade off their strengths for other strengths to help them out .
These guys are trying to go it alone in this respect , and it's a bad gene pool right now .
It 's not one with much longevity .
So they play that card pretty regularly , and at some point you just kind of run out of games , it seems to me .
You 've got to play a real card . "
And when the real cards finally get played , that 's when Fallon will double down .
Peter Yang
3 .
The first thing you notice is the face , the second is the voice .
A tall , wiry man with thinning white hair , Fallon comes off like a loner even when he 's standing in a crowd .
Despite having an easy smile that he regularly pulls out for his many daily exercises in relationship building , Fallon 's consistent game face is a slightly pissed - off glare .
It 's his default expression .
Do n't fuck with me , it says .
A tough Catholic boy from New Jersey , his favorite compliment is " badass . "
Fallon 's got a fearsome reputation , although no one I ever talk to in the business can quite pin down why .
There are the stories of his wilder days as a young officer , not the partying stuff but more the variety of rules bent to the breaking point , and he 's been known as anything but a dove in his various commands , which makes his later roles as champion for engagement with both China and Iran all the more strange .
In keeping with the naval - officer tradition of emasculating bluntness , Fallon can without remorse cut the nuts off peers and subordinates alike .
But it is more the intimation of his ferocity than its exercise that has the greatest effect .
And Fallon has recently discovered that his reputation can leave him open to stories that might sound true but are not .
Last fall , it was reported in the press that Fallon had called General Petraeus an " ass - kissing little chickenshit " for being so willing to serve as the administration 's political frontman on the Iraq surge .
The old man had told reporters that it had n't happened like that — that that 's not the way he operates , and , in fact , any time he talks with Petraeus , there are only two men in the room — the admiral and the general — and their exchanges remain private .
And when they 're not in the same room , " We e-mail each other constantly and talk by phone just about every day . "
Just the two of them , he says .
No outsiders observing .
The press sources had an overactive imagination , Fallon said .
Now when the subject comes up , he dismisses it with a wave of his hand .
" Absolute bullshit , " Fallon tells me .
Fallon and his executive assistant , Captain Craig Faller , say that they both suspect " staff agitation " to be behind the story .
Interservice rivalry is mighty strong , and Admiral Fallon is the first navy man to be head of Centcom , so it 's not hard for them to imagine somebody from the Army stirring the pot .
Fallon says the tip - off that the story was bogus was the word chickenshit .
" My kids called me up laughing about that one , saying they knew the story was n't true because I never use that word . "
So put Fallon down as a " bullshit " and not a " chickenshit " kind of guy .
And in truth , Fallon 's not a screamer .
Indeed , by my long observation and the accounts of a dozen people , he does n't raise his voice whatsoever , except when he laughs .
Instead , the more serious he becomes , the quieter he gets , and his whispers sound positively menacing .
Other guys can jaw - jaw all they want about the need for war - war with ... whomever is today 's target among D.C. 's many armchair warriors .
Not Fallon .
Let the president pop off .
Fallon wo n't .
No bravado here , nor sound - bite - sized threats , but rather a calm , leathery presence .
Fallon is comfortable risking peace because he 's comfortable waging war .
And when he conveys messages to the enemies of the United States , he does it not in the provocative cowboy style that has prevailed in Washington so far this century , but with the opposite — a studied quiet that makes it seem as if he is trying to bend them to his will with nothing but the sound of his voice .
So when , during a press conference in Astana , Kazakhstan , Fallon whispers , " The public behavior of Iran has been unhelpful to the region , " with his pissed - off glare and his slightly hoarse delivery , he is saying , I 'm not making you an offer ; I 'm telling you what your options are right now .
" Iran should be playing a constructive role , " he continues .
" I hear this from every country in the region . "
Translation : I 've got you surrounded .
He 'd rather not do it , but if he has to go to war , there wo n't be any anguish .
Whatever qualms Fallon had about using force were exorcised long ago in the skies over Vietnam .
" I try to be reasonably predictable to my own people and very unpredictable to potential adversaries , " he tells me .
No wonder Fallon sticks out like a sore thumb with the neocons , who have the unfortunate tendency to come off as unpredictable to their allies and predictable to their enemies .
Which is the opposite of strategy .
He knows this stuff cold , because he's had his hand on the stick for a very long time .
The oldest of nine kids , Fallon 's old man was a mailman in Merchantville , New Jersey , following his World War II stint in the Army Air Corps .
As a boy , Fallon delivered newspapers , bagged groceries , worked in the local Campbell 's Soup plant , and would become the first in his family to attend college .
His dad 's military experiences , along with those of several of his mom's brothers , naturally pushed him in the direction of West Point .
But his local congressman screwed up his application , and so Fallon chose the naval ROTC program at nearby Villanova , a Catholic haven that has produced three Centcom commanders .
More than thirteen hundred carrier landings later , Fallon began his long climb through various combat command experiences — including Desert Storm and Bosnia — to the pinnacle of his profession : four four - star assignments that include vice chief of Naval Operations , commander of the Atlantic Fleet , and then boss of Pacific Command and Central Command in rapid succession .
Sitting in his Tampa headquarters office last fall , I asked Fallon if he considered the Centcom assignment to be the same career - capping job that it'd been for his predecessors .
He just laughed and said , " Career capping ?
How about career detonating ? "
At the time , I took that comment to be mere self - effacement .
I have since come to think that Fallon was deadly serious .
Weeks later , back in that hotel lounge in Kazakhstan , after a brutal eighteen - hour day of wall - to - wall summits and meetings , Fallon is in a more pensive mood , admitting that he never expected to stay this long in the service .
At sixty - three , he 's one of the oldest flag officers in uniform , and if you count his ROTC time , he 's been in for a whopping forty - five years total .
And at this cookie - cutter chain hotel deep in the ' Stans , Fallon wears an expression that is equal parts fatigue and bewilderment .
" I expected to be running a start - up company by now , " he says .
But something else came up .
4 .
When the admiral took charge of Pacific Command in 2005 , he immediately set about a military - to - military outreach to the Chinese armed forces , something that had plenty of people freaking out at the Pentagon and on Capitol Hill .
The Chinese , after all , were scheduled to be our next war .
What the hell was Fallon doing ?
Contrary to some reports , though , Fallon says he initially had no trouble with then - secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld on the subject .
" Early on , I talked to him .
I said , Here 's what I think .
And I talked to the president , too . "
It was only after the Pentagon and Congress started realizing that their favorite " programs of record " ( i.e. , weapons systems and major vehicle platforms ) were threatened by such talks that the shit hit the fan .
" I blew my stack , " Fallon says .
" I told Rumsfeld , Just look at this shit .
I go up to the Hill and I get three or four guys grabbing me and jerking me out of the aisle , all because somebody came up and told them that the sky was going to cave in . "
But Fallon stood down the China hawks , because as much as military leaders have to plan for war , Fallon seems to understand better than most the role they also have to play in everything else beyond war .
And like a good cop , Fallon does n't want to fire his gun unless he absolutely has to .
" I would n't have done what I did if I did n't think it was the right thing to do , which I still do .
China is our most important relationship for the future , given the realities of people , economics , and location .
We 've got to work hard and make sure we do our best to get it right . "
For Fallon , that meant an emphasis on opening new lines of communication and reducing the capacity for misunderstanding during times of crisis .
But beyond that , it meant telling the Chinese , " If you want to be treated as a big boy and a major player , you 've got to act like it . "
If you want recognition of your power , then you have to accept the responsibility that comes with such power .
That 's the essential message Fallon delivered to the Chinese , and if that meant he was out of line with the Pentagon 's take on rising China , then so be it .
If it seemed as though Fallon was downplaying the threat of North Korea 's missiles , it was because he preferred pushing a regional response that signaled a united front but still left the door open for North Korea to come in from the cold .
Fallon now brings the same approach to Iran in Central Command : " I want to go through something positive rather than a negative like Iran , which is a real problem . "
To that end , and right on the heels of Secretary of Defense Robert Gates 's meetings with Middle Eastern ministers of defense , Fallon held a similar summit of Persian Gulf chiefs of defense in Tampa earlier this year , something Centcom has never attempted before .
Could Iran be a participant in something like this down the road ?
" Oh , absolutely , eventually .
It 's like the Chinese , " he says .
" It would be great if Iran turned into a team that decided to play ball in the end . "
So how does something like this happen ?
How do you turn Iran into a responsible regional player ?
How can the United States even approach Iran when the regime seems populated by only hard - liners and ultraconservatives ?
You start down low , says one of Fallon 's senior intelligence officials .
For example , there 's the shared interest in stemming the flow of narcotics from Afghanistan to Iran .
" Iran has a huge drug problem , " so that 's " a potential cooperative area . "
More recently , the Iranians promised to stop the flow of munitions into Iraq , arguably contributing to the dramatic decrease in U. S. casualties from roadside bombs .
After three sets of talks with the Iranians last summer that went nowhere , another round is being teed up .
To Fallon , this sort of engagement is crucial , given America 's overall lack of experience in dealing with Iran .
" I do n't know as much as I 'd like about Iran , " he says .
" You 've got to go elsewhere , to people in other countries .
There are n't many Americans who've had extensive experience with these guys .
So that puts us both at a disadvantage .
Plus they 're secretive — intentionally so — about us .
It makes it more of a challenge . "
Early in his tenure at Pacific Command , Fallon let it be known that he was interested in visiting the city of Harbin in the highly controlled and isolated Heilongjiang Military District on China 's northern border with Russia .
The Chinese were flabbergasted at the request , but when Fallon 's command plane took off one afternoon from Mongolia , heading for Harbin without permission , Beijing relented .
The local Chinese commander was beside himself .
It was the first time in his life he had ever met an American military officer , and here he was at the bottom of a jet ramp waiting for the all - powerful head of the United States Pacific Command to descend .
Then , to his horror , he realized that Fallon had brought his wife , Mary , along for the trip .
Scrambling to arrange the evening banquet , the Chinese commander brought his own wife out in public for the first time ever .
When the time came for dinner toasts , after the Chinese commander thanked Mrs. Fallon for coming , the admiral returned the favor by thanking the commander 's wife for her many years of service as a military spouse .
The commander 's wife broke down in tears , saying it was the first time in her entire marriage that she had been publicly recognized for her many sacrifices .
And there was peace in our time .
5 .
Fallon is what is called a " four - star action officer , " meaning he tries to do too many things himself .
He spends no more than a week each month in Tampa , Centcom 's headquarters .
Captain Faller jokes that if it were n't for federal holidays , Fallon 's staff would n't know what a day off even was .
Fallon travels at least three weeks out of each month , spending , on average , two weeks in theater , meaning the Middle East , the Horn of Africa , and Central Asia .
He travels to Iraq and Afghanistan every month like clockwork .
It 's an unseasonably warm early - winter morning in Kabul , and Fallon is out in the field , walking his beat .
And short of the president of the United States himself , this convoy is the richest and most opportune terrorist target in the world at present .
So everybody wears the heavy armor .
Weighed down by a helmet that feels like twenty pounds — applied directly to my forehead — and a desert - camo flak jacket that 's decidedly heavier , I climb into the back of an armored Suburban that 'll play third - on - a - match in Fallon 's three - vehicle convoy .
We are told to expect a bumpy ride , as ours is the vehicle that will routinely swerve from side to side to position itself to ram any vehicle that might approach the command vehicle from the side .
It 's like riding in a car with the biggest asshole in the world behind the wheel .
We almost pass Fallon 's vehicle — time after time — only to slam on the brakes , slip back behind , lurch over to the other side , and do the same thing .
A word of advice : Do n't do this on a heavy breakfast .
Fallon 's personal enlisted aide , strapped in next to us , says our driver is actually being fairly mellow , on the admiral 's orders .
That 's good to hear , as the streets are full of women and children on foot .
Thirty minutes after we 've left the maze of barricades that line every entrance into the Green Zone , giving the place a sort of Maxwell Smart sense of never - ending doors , we arrive at a military airport where two Black Hawk UH - 60 's await .
I ride with Fallon 's senior aides in the second one .
I am strapped into a four - part harness , the body armor keeping me well cocooned .
Minutes after takeoff , as is the universal custom among military personnel , everyone but the personal - security - detail soldiers is asleep .
I scan the moonscape that is the mountains west of Kabul .
Traveling at high speed , we 've been dipping ever so gently around the mountains as we travel to Bamiyan Province , ancient home to the giant Buddhas that are no more — parting shots from the once and future Taliban .
I can spot Fallon 's Black Hawk out the window , framed from above by the sky and below by the barrel of a large machine gun sticking out of our helicopter 's side .
It 's manned by a rather short fellow whose face is almost completely obscured by his Star Wars blast shield .
The view is amazing and reminds me why banditry and smuggling remain dominant industries here .
Every road seems to lie at the bottom of a narrow , meandering ravine , and every walled compound looks like a fort out of America 's Wild West days .
Most of the time , the only things moving across this barren landscape are the shadows from our helos .
We alight from the Black Hawks after touching down on a strip of asphalt located in the center of the wide , flat plain that is Bamiyan Valley .
Immediately your eyes are drawn to the dominant geological feature : cliff walls as high as skyscrapers that run along the valley 's northern edge as far as the eye can see .
Carved into the stunning vertical cliff are two empty frames , each running fifteen or so meters deep into the rock .
Here stood the gigantic stone Buddhas carved hundreds of years ago by monks who lived in a warren of caves connecting the statues .
We 're met at the landing zone by the Kiwi colonel , Brendon Fraher , who leads a small unit of New Zealand 's finest civil - affairs specialists operating out of a small fort a few clicks away .
The camp is home to a Provincial Reconstruction Team manned by the Kiwis , who work hand in glove with U.S. State Department , U.S. Agency for International Development , and ISAF personnel in coordinating coalition reconstruction aid to this province .
As we head to a convoy of armored Ford F - 350 pickups , Fallon says that Fraher reports two enemy rockets landed nearby yesterday , but other than that , all 's quiet .
We speed off to meet the only female provincial governor in Afghanistan .
Pulling up to the local government building , we pile out of the pickups and file into a large receiving room blanketed by modest Persian rugs and surrounded by even more modest couches .
Just inside , we strip off the helmets and vests and heap them into a pile of fabric - covered metal and ceramic in the corner , all of it too heavy to hang on any coatrack .
Fallon — who 's done this sort of thing so often , he seems to glide through the protocol — zeroes in on Governor Habiba Sarabi , a middle - aged woman of average height who 's dressed in a reform sort of way — head covered but face exposed .
Despite all our accompanying security , you 've got to believe she 's the biggest Taliban target in the room .
Tea is served and formal greetings are exchanged with no need for translation , as the governor speaks English with calculated fluency , a skill she demonstrates a half hour into the meeting , when Fallon makes clear that he wants to hear her complaints .
It 's a tricky moment for Sarabi , because she 's basically critiquing Western aid and the military agencies represented by the officials surrounding her now .
It 's like bitching about your parents in front of Child Protective Services :
Strike the right note and you might suddenly find yourself free of them for good .
Speaking about a road long - promised by Kabul and the coalition that would connect this isolated valley to Afghanistan 's central circular artery , the Ring Road , she suddenly blurts out , " This is three years that the Bamiyan people have been waiting for this road ! "
Fallon aggressively queries the assembled officials in order , running from the deputy chief of mission at the U.S. embassy to the USAID leader to the ISAF officers and , finally , the local Kiwi PRT commander .
Each offers a typically complex , bureaucratic response in turn .
Glancing at the governor , I can almost feel her anger rising .
With obvious passion , Sarabi interrupts the proceedings with a stream of complaints about the length and complexity of USAID 's planning process .
This is where her fluency in English suddenly falters , as Sarabi 's sentences start trailing off , leading the assembled officials to fill in the blanks .
" It is very ... "
" Long ? " chimes in the USAID official .
" And there is such a lack of ... ahh. "
Sarabi raises a finger to her chin , scanning the far wall as if the word lingers there .
" Coordination ? " offers the deputy chief of mission .
" It all makes me so incredibly ... how do you say ? "
" Mad ? " one officer suggests .
" Depressed ? "
" Angry ? "
It 's almost like an auction now as the bids keep rising .
I 'm just about ready to toss in my personal favorite , " pissed off , " when Fallon weighs in with " frustrated " — no question mark .
Sarabi turns toward the admiral , a sly smile passes across her face .
Fallon starts probing yet again , this time cutting off officials , as their answers obscure rather than illuminate .
Emboldened , the governor piles on with a new complaint : Every winter , a local river becomes impassable for a local migratory tribe that is then stranded outside the valley .
Fallon asks the deputy chief of mission , " Are you aware of this ? "
The DCM replies , " No , I was n't , and I promise to look into that . "
Fallon 's on a roll now , and the governor is beaming , but his efforts soon head into a bureaucratic cul - de- sac that no one in the room can fix .
Kabul 's central government simply does not prioritize this heartland province .
Fallon asks the senior American ISAF officer if the coalition could arrange a Bailey pontoon bridge just for the winter months .
In return , he gets a complex answer about past surveys .
Fallon cuts him off and turns to the governor .
" I tell you what , I 'm not getting a satisfactory answer here .
I 'll be honest .
I do n't think we can do anything for you this winter .
However , I will try to get , from many miles away , a screwdriver big enough to push this process for next year . "
The governor immediately thanks Fallon for his promise .
Fallon does n't forget details like that .
Six months earlier , he noticed that the American flag flying outside the Hyatt hotel in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan , was frayed .
He had told one of the defense attachés at the U.S. embassy to get it replaced .
The beaten - up flag was still there when we arrived .
It 's late on the fifth straight day of nonstop travel that has taken Fallon 's entourage from Florida to Qatar to Pakistan to Afghanistan and now to Kyrgyzstan .
Tomorrow , Tajikistan , where he 'll have to put up with the Putin clone who is president .
So at the moment , maybe the flag is not all that 's frayed .
His gaze fixed on it , Fallon quietly repeats his order , his voice so low and so quiet that you can almost hear somebody 's next promotion getting axed .
6 .
Unlike his Arabic - speaking predecessor , Army General John Abizaid , Fox Fallon was n't selected to lead U.S. Central Command for his regional knowledge or cultural sensitivity , but because he is , says Secretary of Defense Gates , " one of the best strategic thinkers in uniform today . "
If anything has been sorely missing to date in America 's choices in the Middle East and Central Asia , it has been a strategic mind - set that consistently keeps its eyes on the real prize : connecting these isolated regions in a far more broadband fashion to the global economy .
Instead of effectively countering the efforts of others ( e.g. , the radical Salafis , Saudi Arabia 's Wahhabists , Russia 's security services , China 's energy sector ) who would fashion such connectivity to their selfish ends , Washington has wasted precious time focusing excessively on transforming the political systems of Iraq and Afghanistan , as though governments somehow birth functioning societies and economies instead of the other way around .
Waiting on perfect security or perfect politics to forge economic relationships is a fool 's errand .
By the time those fantastic conditions are met in this dangerous , unstable part of the world , somebody less idealistic will be running the place — the Russians , Chinese , Pakistanis , Indians , Turks , Iranians , Saudis .
That 's why Fallon has been aggressively hawking his southern strategy of encouraging a north - south " energy corridor " between the Central Asian republics and the energy - starved - but - booming Asian subcontinent ( read : Islamabad down through Bangalore and then east to Kolkata ) , with both Afghanistan and Pakistan as crucial conduits .
On this trip , he 's been shepherding a new bridge that links isolated Tajikistan with Afghanistan .
The potential here is huge : Tajikistan is 95 percent mountainous and extremely food dependent .
Its main asset is its untapped hydroelectric capacity .
Afghanistan presents just the opposite picture — food to export but most of the country lacks an effective electric grid .
So what should America be pushing first in both states ?
Free - and - clear elections for massively impoverished populations , or whatever it takes to get Tajikistan 's resource with Afghanistan 's resource ?
Which path , do you think , would scare the Taliban and Al Qaeda more ?
To Fallon , there is n't even a question to answer .
But this part of the world is defined by its fortresses , and is not known for willingly connecting to the outside world .
Tajikistan 's powerful security chief , Khayriddin Abdurahimov , had been doing his best to gum up the works on the just - finished bridge , which he allowed to open for business only four hours a day .
Having just achieved control of the country 's border - security agency , Abdurahimov believed the bridge made the country vulnerable to Afghanistan 's dangerous drugs and nothing more .
On the eve of Fallon 's arrival , President Emomali Rahmon intervened and extended the bridge 's operating schedule to eight hours a day , admitting to Fallon in their first summit that he needs to do more to champion the economic potential .
But Fallon does n't stop there .
Immediately following his meeting with Rahmon , he meets face - to - face with the highly secretive Abdurahimov , who almost never meets with foreign officials .
Just as with Musharraf , Fallon does not preach .
He suggests , he encourages , he cajoles , he offers , and he debates , but he does not preach — save the gospel of economic connectivity .
Even there , he is not eager to appear competitive with any regional power .
" I do n't want to create the impression that we 're just replacing the Russians , " he says .
He just wants a damn bridge .
Fallon gets his bridge .
7 .
Fallon 's got a spread in a little town in Montana .
The streams of this town seem to be full of eighteen - inch fish that he says he'd like to take a crack at someday soon .
But the fish of Fallon 's town are safe for the moment .
While Condoleezza Rice and the State Department manage a vague endgame on the two - state solution in Palestine , Gates and Fallon have begun the regional - security dialogue that 's truly regional in scope .
The rollback of Al Qaeda seems to be both real and continuing , save for the border region of Pakistan .
And to gain greater flexibility to plan for the region , Fallon says that he is determined to draw down in Iraq .
One of the reasons Fallon says he banished the term " long war " from Centcom 's vocabulary is that he believes real victory in this struggle will be defined in economic terms first , and so the emphasis on war struck him as " too narrow . "
But the term also signaled a long haul that Fallon simply finds unacceptable .
He wants troop levels in Iraq down now , and he wants the Afghan National Army running the show throughout most of Afghanistan by the end of this year .
Fallon says he wants to move the pile dramatically in the time he 's got remaining , however long that may be .
And he gets frustrated .
" I grind my teeth at the pace of change . "
Freeing the United States from being tied down in Iraq means a stronger effort in Afghanistan , more focus on Pakistan , and more time spent creating networks of relationships in Central Asia .
With Syria and Lebanon recently added to Centcom 's area of responsibility , look to see Fallon popping up in Beirut and Damascus regularly .
And he says he is more than willing to take on Israel and Palestine to boot , which for now remains a bastard stepchild of European Command .
The Persian Gulf right now is booming economically , and Fallon wants to harness that power to connect the failed states that pockmark the landscape to the outside world .
In this choice , he sees no alternative .
" What I learned in the Pacific is that after a while the tableau of failed , failing , or dysfunctional states becomes a real burden on the functional countries and a problem for their neighborhood , because they breed unrest and insecurities and attract troublemakers very well .
They 're like sewers , and they begin to fester .
It 's bad for business .
And when it 's bad for business , people tend to start restricting their investments , and they restrict their thinking , and it allows more barriers , so we 're back to building walls again instead of breaking them down .
If you have to build walls , it means you 're moving backward . "
Fallon has no illusion about solving the Middle East or Central Asia during his tenure , but he's also acutely conscious that with globalization 's rapid advance into these regions he may well be the last Centcom commander of his kind .
Already Fallon sees the inevitability and utility of having a Chinese military partnership at Centcom , and he'd like to manage that inevitably from the start rather than have to repair damage down the line .
" I 'd like to continue to do things that will be useful to the world and its inhabitants , " he says .
" I 've seen a lot of good things , and I 've seen a lot of stupid things . "
And then there is Iran .
No sooner had the supreme leader Ayatollah Khamenei signaled a willingness to deal with any American but George W. Bush , and no sooner had Fallon signaled America 's willingness to refrain from bombing Tehran , than a little international incident occurred .
Just the kind of incident that doughy neocons dream sweetly about .
Right after the new year , three American ships were passing through the Strait of Hormuz , exchanging normal greetings with Gulf State navies , checking them out as they passed .
The same with the Iranian navy .
And then , suddenly , small Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps boats started speeding toward the American ships , showing , the admiral says , " very stupid behavior , showboating , and provocative taunts .
Given that it was a small boat that did in the USS Cole , this was very dangerous behavior . "
The Iranians dropped boxes in the water , simulating mines .
" Remember , " he says , " my first day on this job , I was greeted by the IRGC snatching the British sailors , and so it was a sense of here we go again .
You wonder , Are they really acting on their own , because the pattern seems clear . "
Fallon 's eyes narrow and his voice becomes that whisper : " This is not how a country that wants to be a big boy in the neighborhood behaves .
How are we supposed to take these guys seriously as players in the region ?
You 'd like to deal with them as big - league players , but when they do this , it 's very tough . "
As before , there is the text and the subtext .
Admiral William Fallon shakes his head slowly , and his eyes say , These guys have no idea how much worse it could get for them .
I am the reasonable one .
And time will tell whether being reasonable will cost Admiral William Fallon his command .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Iraq , Afghanistan veterans to reveal war atrocities and ' some pretty fucked - up shit '
Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday March 13 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
As the war in Iraq approaches its fifth anniversary , veterans of that conflict and the war in Afghanistan will give first - hand accounts , supported by photographs and video evidence , of the true nature of the wars , including attacks the vets say killed innocent civilians .
Iraq Veterans Against the War is organizing the " Winter Soldier " conference outside of Washington , DC , to share their experiences from the front lines .
The conference , which begins Thursday and will continue through the weekend , aims to build on a 1971 gathering in which Vietnam veterans gathered in Detroit to share their view of atrocities they witnessed in that war .
ï¿ ½ It ï¿½s not going to be easy to hear what we have to say , " IVAW executive director Kelly Dougherty , who served in Iraq as a military police officer , says in a press release .
" It ï¿½s not going to be easy for us to tell it .
But we believe that the only way this war is going to end is if the American people truly understand what we have done in their name .ï¿½
Although the 1971 Winter Soldier meeting inspired the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to hold a hearing that featured Vietnam Veteran John Kerry -- " How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake ? " he famously asked -- it failed to receive wide ranging media coverage .
" I do n't think we had nearly the effect we had hoped for , " Vietnam veteran William Crandell told Salon 's Mark Benjamin .
" The reporters on the scene were very impressed , " he said .
" But the networks sat on it . "
IVAW organizers hope the substantial diversification of media outlets since the Vietnam era will prevent this weekend 's gathering from being ignored .
The group will be broadcasting the conference on its Web site , and supporters are hosting viewing parties around the country .
In an effort to protect themselves from accusations they are attacking US troops or spreading faulty stories , IVAW has assembled verification teams to interview soldiers planning to testify and examine additional evidence , including videos and photos , Salon reports .
It is unclear whether Winter Soldier : Iraq and Afghanistan will gain wider attention from the media and the public , but its organizers say that today 's technology could make a difference .
" The modern soldier carries a digital camera almost as a sidearm , " explained O'Brien .
The group says that potentially explosive photos and video from Iraq displayed at this Winter Soldier investigation will help " expose the human consequences of failed policy " in the war zones .
The searing images from Abu Ghraib , of course , came to light because soldiers working inside the prison made use of their personal digital cameras .
[...]
But even with all that evidence , people sitting in the audience at National Labor College may have trouble evaluating some of the testimony they hear .
Wartime accounts are notoriously difficult to untangle and verify , even when coming from multiple primary sources who appear to be telling the truth to the best of their knowledge .
Soldiers are limited to a grunt 's - eye - view of the world .
They will tell it like they saw it , but admit that they do n't have all the answers about what may have happened in a given incident .
The phrase " Winter Soldier , " is a twist on a phrase written by Thomas Paine in 1776 : " ï¿ ½ These are the times that try menï¿½s souls .
The summer soldier and sunshine patriot will , in this crisis , shrink from the service of his country ; but he that stands it now , deserves the love and thanks of man and woman .ï¿½
" I 'm pretty sure we saw some pretty fucked - up shit , " Clifton Hicks , an Iraq war veteran who is set to testify at the event , told Salon .
One of the incidents likely to be discussed is a 2003 air - strike on apartment buildings in Baghdad .
Witnesses told Salon they believed innocent civilians died in the attack , but they could not provide direct evidence to support their claim .
The online magazine posted the following video of the attack .
It ’s time to get serious and let those in charge know what we think about how the country is being run !
Many thousands of American and innocent Iraqi ’s are dead for the criminal ambitions of those in charge .
On March 19 , 2008 ImpeachOk1 along with hundreds of groups around the nation under coordination of United for Peace and Justice will gather to make ourselves heard .
Date : March 19 , 2008
Time : 7 PM ’til ?
Place : 1924 S. Utica , Tulsa Oklahoma ( in front of Senator Jim Inhofe ’s office )
Bring : Comfortable Clothes , Candles and matches , signs optional
Expect : Lots of people of like minds , Giant Puppet Cheney , Banner Drop , Impeach - me George
Please go to UFP&J site to sign up .
http://events.unitedforpeace.org/5yearstoomany/events/show/3436
Regards ,
The IMPEACHOK1 … The Tulsa Impeachment Committee Team .
http://impeachok1.org/SMF/index.php
Carlyle Group Subsidiary Named “ MATRICS ” is Brimming with NSA and CIA Operatives and pushing a Swastika - Shaped Tracker Chip .
When you look closer at the website , you will notice they talk about using RFID for Homeland Security and it ’s clear that they ’re selling the RFID as part of Big Brother ’s infrastructure .
– From Infowars
AP | Jan 26 , 2008
By TODD LEWAN
Here ’s a vision of the not - so - distant future :
_ Microchips with antennas will be embedded in virtually everything you buy , wear , drive and read , allowing retailers and law enforcement to track consumer items — and , by extension , consumers — wherever they go , from a distance .
_A seamless , global network of electronic “ sniffers ” will scan radio tags in myriad public settings , identifying people and their tastes instantly so that customized ads , “ live spam , ” may be beamed at them .
_ In “ Smart Homes , ” sensors built into walls , floors and appliances will inventory possessions , record eating habits , monitor medicine cabinets — all the while , silently reporting data to marketers eager for a peek into the occupants ’ private lives .
Science fiction ?
In truth , much of the radio frequency identification technology that enables objects and people to be tagged and tracked wirelessly already exists — and new and potentially intrusive uses of it are being patented , perfected and deployed .
Some of the world ’s largest corporations are vested in the success of RFID technology , which couples highly miniaturized computers with radio antennas to broadcast information about sales and buyers to company databases .
Already , microchips are turning up in some computer printers , car keys and tires , on shampoo bottles and department store clothing tags .
They ’re also in library books and “ contactless ” payment cards ( such as American Express ’ “ Blue ” and ExxonMobil ’s “ Speedpass . ” )
Companies say the RFID tags improve supply - chain efficiency , cut theft , and guarantee that brand - name products are authentic , not counterfeit .
At a store , RFID doorways could scan your purchases automatically as you leave , eliminating tedious checkouts .
At home , convenience is a selling point : RFID - enabled refrigerators could warn about expired milk , generate weekly shopping lists , even send signals to your interactive TV , so that you see “ personalized ” commercials for foods you have a history of buying .
Sniffers in your microwave might read a chip - equipped TV dinner and cook it without instruction .
“ We ’ve seen so many different uses of the technology , ” says Dan Mullen , president of AIM Global , a national association of data collection businesses , including RFID , “ and we ’re probably still just scratching the surface in terms of places RFID can be used . ”
The problem , critics say , is that microchipped products might very well do a whole lot more .
With tags in so many objects , relaying information to databases that can be linked to credit and bank cards , almost no aspect of life may soon be safe from the prying eyes of corporations and governments , says Mark Rasch , former head of the computer - crime unit of the U.S. Justice Department .
By placing sniffers in strategic areas , companies can invisibly “ rifle through people ’s pockets , purses , suitcases , briefcases , luggage — and possibly their kitchens and bedrooms — anytime of the day or night , ” says Rasch , now managing director of technology at FTI Consulting Inc. , a Baltimore - based company .
In an RFID world , “ You ’ve got the possibility of unauthorized people learning stuff about who you are , what you ’ve bought , how and where you ’ve bought it …
It ’s like saying , ‘ Well , who wants to look through my medicine cabinet ? ' ”
He imagines a time when anyone from police to identity thieves to stalkers might scan locked car trunks , garages or home offices from a distance .
“ Think of it as a high - tech form of Dumpster diving , ” says Rasch , who ’s also concerned about data gathered by “ spy ” appliances in the home .
“ It ’s going to be used in unintended ways by third parties — not just the government , but private investigators , marketers , lawyers building a case against you … ”
Presently , the radio tag most commercialized in America is the so - called “ passive ” emitter , meaning it has no internal power supply .
Only when a reader powers these tags with a squirt of electrons do they broadcast their signal , indiscriminately , within a range of a few inches to 20 feet .
Not as common , but increasing in use , are “ active ” tags , which have internal batteries and can transmit signals , continuously , as far as low - orbiting satellites .
Active tags pay tolls as motorists to zip through tollgates ; they also track wildlife , such as sea lions .
Retailers and manufacturers want to use passive tags to replace the bar code , for tracking inventory .
These radio tags transmit Electronic Product Codes , number strings that allow trillons of objects to be uniquely identified .
Some transmit specifics about the item , such as price , though not the name of the buyer .
However , “ once a tagged item is associated with a particular individual , personally identifiable information can be obtained and then aggregated to develop a profile , ” the U.S. Government Accountability Office concluded in a 2005 report on RFID .
Federal agencies and law enforcement already buy information about individuals from commercial data brokers , companies that compile computer dossiers on millions of individuals from public records , credit applications and many other sources , then offer summaries for sale .
These brokers , unlike credit bureaus , are n’t subject to provisions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970 , which gives consumers the right to correct errors and block access to their personal records .
That , and the ever - increasing volume of data collected on consumers , is worrisome , says Mike Hrabik , chief technology officer at Solutionary , a computer - security firm in Bethesda , Md. “ Are companies using that information incorrectly , and are they giving it out inappropriately ?
I ’m sure that ’s happening .
Should we be concerned ?
Yes . ”
Even some industry proponents recognize risks .
Elliott Maxwell , a research fellow at Pennsylvania State University who serves as a policy adviser to EPCglobal , the industry ’s standard - setting group , says data broadcast by microchips can easily be intercepted , and misused , by high - tech thieves .
As RFID goes mainstream and the range of readers increases , it will be “ difficult to know who is gathering what data , who has access to it , what is being done with it , and who should be held responsible for it , ” Maxwell wrote in RFID Journal , an industry publication .
The recent growth of the RFID industry has been staggering : From 1955 to 2005 , cumulative sales of radio tags totaled 2.4 billion ; last year alone , 2.24 billion tags were sold worldwide , and analysts project that by 2017 cumulative sales will top 1 trillion — generating more than $ 25 billion in annual revenues for the industry .
Heady forecasts like these energize chip proponents , who insist that RFID will result in enormous savings for businesses .
Each year , retailers lose $ 57 billion from administrative failures , supplier fraud and employee theft , according to a recent survey of 820 retailers by Checkpoint Systems , an RFID manufacturer that specializes in store security devices .
Privacy concerns , some RFID supporters say , are overblown .
One , Mark Roberti , editor of RFID Journal , says the notion that businesses would conspire to create high - resolution portraits of people is “ simply silly . ”
Corporations know Americans are sensitive about their privacy , he says , and are careful not to alienate consumers by violating it .
Besides ,
“ All companies keep their customer data close to the vest …
There ’s absolutely no value in sharing it .
Zero . ”
Industry officials , too , insist that addressing privacy concerns is paramount .
As American Express spokeswoman Judy Tenzer says , “ Security and privacy are a top priority for American Express in everything we do . ”
But industry documents suggest a different line of thinking , privacy experts say .
A 2005 patent application by American Express itself describes how RFID - embedded objects carried by shoppers could emit “ identification signals ” when queried by electronic “ consumer trackers . ”
The system could identify people , record their movements , and send them video ads that might offer “ incentives ” or “ even the emission of a scent . ”
RFID readers could be placed in public venues , including “ a common area of a school , shopping center , bus station or other place of public accommodation , ” according to the application , which is still pending — and which is not alone .
In 2006 , IBM received patent approval for an invention it called , “ Identification and tracking of persons using RFID - tagged items . ”
One stated purpose :
To collect information about people that could be “ used to monitor the movement of the person through the store or other areas . ”
Once somebody enters a store , a sniffer “ scans all identifiable RFID tags carried on the person , ” and correlates the tag information with sales records to determine the individual ’s “ exact identity . ”
A device known as a “ person tracking unit ” then assigns a tracking number to the shopper “ to monitor the movement of the person through the store or other areas . ”
But as the patent makes clear , IBM ’s invention could work in other public places , “ such as shopping malls , airports , train stations , bus stations , elevators , trains , airplanes , restrooms , sports arenas , libraries , theaters , museums , etc. ” ( RFID could even help “ follow a particular crime suspect through public areas . ” )
Another patent , obtained in 2003 by NCR Corp. , details how camouflaged sensors and cameras would record customers ’ wanderings through a store , film their facial expressions at displays , and time — to the second — how long shoppers hold and study items .
Why ?
Such monitoring “ allows one to draw valuable inferences about the behavior of large numbers of shoppers , ” the patent states .
Then there ’s a 2001 patent application by Procter & Gamble , “ Systems and methods for tracking consumers in a store environment . ”
This one lays out an idea to use heat sensors to track and record “ where a consumer is looking , i.e. , which way she is facing , whether she is bending over or crouching down to look at a lower shelf . ”
The system could space sensors 8 feet apart , in ceilings , floors , shelving and displays , so they could capture signals transmitted every 1.5 seconds by microchipped shopping carts .
The documents “ raise the hair on the back of your neck , ” says Liz McIntyre , co-author of “ Spychips , ” a book that is critical of the industry .
“ The industry has long promised it would never use this technology to track people .
But these patent records clearly suggest otherwise . ”
Corporations take issue with that , saying that patent filings should n’t be used to predict a company ’s actions .
“ We file thousands of patents every year , which are designed to protect concepts or ideas , ” Paul Fox , a spokesman for Procter & Gamble , says .
“ The reality is that many of those ideas and concepts never see the light of day . ”
And what of his company ’s 2001 patent application ?
“ I ’m not aware of any plans to use that , ” Fox says .
Sandy Hughes , P&G ’s global privacy executive , adds that Procter & Gamble has no intention of using any technologies — RFID or otherwise — to track individuals .
The idea of the 2001 filing , she says , is to monitor how groups of people react to store displays , “ not individual consumers . ”
NCR and American Express echoed those statements .
IBM declined to comment for this story .
“ Not every element in a patent filing is necessarily something we would pursue …. , ” says Tenzer , the American Express spokeswoman .
“ Under no circumstances would we use this technology without a customer ’s permission . ”
McIntyre has her doubts .
In the marketing world of today , she says , “ data on individual consumers is gold , and the only thing preventing these companies from abusing technologies like RFID to get at that gold is public scrutiny . ”
RFID dates to World War II , when Britain put transponders in Allied aircraft to help radar crews distinguish them from German fighters .
In the 1970s , the U.S. government tagged trucks entering and leaving secure facilities such as the Los Alamos National Laboratory , and a decade later , they were used to track livestock and railroad cars .
In 2003 , the U.S. Department of Defense and Wal - Mart gave RFID a mammoth push , mandating that suppliers radio tag all crates and cartons .
To that point , the cost of tags had simply been too high to make tagging pallets — let alone individual items — viable .
In 1999 , passive tags cost nearly $ 2 apiece .
Since then , rising demand and production of microchips — along with technological advances — have driven tag prices down to a range of 7 to 15 cents .
At that price , the technology is “ well - suited at a case and pallet level , ” says Mullen , of the industry group AIM Global .
John Simley , a spokesman for Wal - Mart , says tracking products in real - time helps ensure product freshness and lowers the chances that items will be out of stock .
By reducing loss and waste in the supply chain , RFID “ allows us to keep our prices that much lower . ”
Katherine Albrecht , founder of CASPIAN , an anti-RFID group , says , “ Nobody cares about radio tags on crates and pallets .
But if we do n’t keep RFID off of individual consumer items , our stores will one day turn into retail ‘ zoos ’ where the customer is always on exhibit . ”
So , how long will it be before you find an RFID tag in your underwear ?
The industry is n’t saying , but some analysts speculate that within a decade tag costs may dip below a penny , the threshold at which nearly everything could be chipped .
To businesses slammed by counterfeiters — pharmaceuticals , for one — that ’s not a bad thing .
Sales of fake drugs cost drug makers an estimated $ 46 billion a year .
In 2004 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommended that RFID be incorporated throughout the supply chain as a way of making sure consumers get authentic drugs .
In the United States , Pfizer has already begun chipping all 30 - and 100 - count bottles of Viagra , one of the most counterfeited drugs .
Chips could be embedded in other controlled or potentially dangerous items such as firearms and explosives , to make them easier to track .
This was mentioned in IBM ’s patent documents .
Still , the idea that tiny radio chips might be in their socks and shoes does n’t sit well with Americans .
At least , that ’s what Fleishman - Hillard Inc. , a public - relations firm in St. Louis , found in 2001 when it surveyed 317 consumers for the industry .
Seventy - eight percent of those queried reacted negatively to RFID when privacy was raised .
“ More than half claimed to be extremely or very concerned , ” the report said , noting that the term “ Big Brother ” was “ used in 15 separate cases to describe the technology . ”
It also found that people bridled at the idea of having “ Smart Tags ” in their homes .
One surveyed person remarked : “ Where money is to be made the privacy of the individual will be compromised . ”
In 2002 , Fleishman - Hillard produced another report for the industry that counseled RFID makers to “ convey ( the ) inevitability of technology , ” and to develop a plan to “ neutralize the opposition , ” by adopting friendlier names for radio tags such as “ Bar Code II ” and “ Green Tag . ”
And in a 2003 report , Helen Duce , the industry ’s trade group director in Europe , wrote that “ the lack of clear benefits to consumers could present a problem in the ‘ real world , ' ” particularly if privacy issues were stirred by “ negative press coverage . ”
( Though the reports were marked “ Confidential , ” they were later found archived on an industry trade group ’s Web site . )
The Duce report ’s recommendations :
Tell consumers that RFID is regulated , that RFID is just a new and improved bar code , and that retailers will announce when an item is radio tagged , and deactivate the tags at check - out upon a customer ’s request .
Actually , in the United States , RFID is not federally regulated .
And while bar codes identify product categories , radio tags carry unique serial numbers that — when purchased with a credit card , frequent shopper card or contactless card — can be linked to specific shoppers .
And , unlike bar codes , RFID tags can be read through almost anything except metal and water , without the holder ’s knowledge .
EPCglobal , the industry ’s standard - setting body , has issued public policy guidelines that call for retailers to put a thumbnail - sized logo — “ EPC , ” for Electronic Product Code — on all radio tagged packaging .
The group also suggests that merchants notify shoppers that RFID tags can be removed , discarded or disabled .
Critics say the guidelines are voluntary , vague and do n’t penalize violators .
They want federal and state oversight — something the industry has vigorously opposed — particularly after two RFID manufacturers , Checkpoint Systems and Sensormatic , announced last year that they are marketing tags designed to be embedded in such items as shoes .
Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , says , “ I do n’t think there ’s any basis … for consumers to have to think that their clothing is tracking them . ”
Flu 's protective coat must melt to infect a cell
They found the viruses coat themselves in fatty material that hardens to a gel , protecting them in the cold .
This coating melts in the higher temperatures of the respiratory tract , allowing the virus to infect cells .
The US National Institutes of Health team hope their study , which features in the journal Nature Chemical Biology , could lead to new treatments .
The study results open new avenues of research for thwarting winter flu outbreaks
Dr Duane Alexander
National Institute of Child Health and Human Development
However , a UK expert said the discovery did not explain why some flu viruses also thrived in tropical climates .
The hard rubbery coating around the virus which forms in colder temperatures gives it the protection it needs to pass from person to person .
The coating is so robust it can even resist to certain detergents .
However , once inside a host the virus can only infect a target cell once the coating has melted .
But this liquid phase is not tough enough to protect the virus against the elements , and so if the protective coating melts when the virus is outside the host , it dies .
Detailed fingerprint
Dr Duane Alexander , director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , said : " The study results open new avenues of research for thwarting winter flu outbreaks .
" Now that we understand how the flu virus protects itself so that it can spread from person to person , we can work on ways to interfere with that protective mechanism . "
The researchers used a sophisticated magnetic resonance technique to create a detailed fingerprint of how the flu virus 's outer membranes responded to variations in temperature .
I do n't think this study provides anything like a definitive answer on the spread of the virus
Professor John Oxford
Queen Mary College School of Medicine
The virus 's outer membrane is composed chiefly of molecules known as lipids , such as oils , fats and cholesterol .
The researchers found that at temperatures slightly above freezing , this lipid covering solidified into a gel .
However , as temperatures approached 15.6C ( 60 F ) , the covering gradually thawed , eventually melting to a soupy mix .
The researchers concluded that temperatures in the spring and summer were too high to allow the viral membrane to enter its gel state .
As a result , at these temperatures the individual flu viruses would dry out and weaken - accounting for the end of the flu season .
Professor John Oxford , an expert in virology at Queen Mary College School of Medicine , London , said the paper was interesting , but it might be premature to draw firm conclusions .
He said : " If this is the case why do we get flu in tropical areas , where the temperature is 35C ( 95 F ) all the time ?
" Places like Vietnam and Indonesia are predicted to be the epicentre of a new outbreak of pandemic flu . "
Professor Oxford said researchers had tried to link flu infection definitively to cold weather since the great Russian outbreak of 1890 , but had failed to come up with conclusive proof of a link .
" I do n't think this study provides anything like a definitive answer on the spread of the virus - there must be some other factors that come into play , " he said .
Sun , 24 Feb 2008
Functional Programming and Testing .
I read quite a lot of programming related blogs , but its rare for me to find one as muddle headed as this one titled " Quality Begs for Object - Orientation " on the O'Reilly network .
The author , Michael Feathers , starts the post by mentioning that he is dabbling in Ocaml and then makes the assertion that :
" I think that most functional programming languages are fundamentally broken with respect to the software lifecycle . "
Now I 'm not too sure why he brings up software lifecycle , because all he talks about is testing .
However , he does give an example in Java involving testing and wraps up his post by saying that his Java solution is difficult to do in Ocaml , Haskell and Erlang .
Feathers gets two things wrong .
Firstly he seems to be writing Java code using Ocaml 's syntax and then complains that Ocaml is not enough like Java .
His conclusion is hardly surprising .
Ocaml is simply not designed for writing Java - like object oriented code .
The second problem is his claim that testing in functional languages is more difficult than with Java .
While this may be true when writing Java code with Ocaml 's syntax , it is not true for the more general case of writing idiomatic Ocaml or functional code .
So lets look at the testing of Object Oriented code in comparison to Functional code .
With the object orientated approach , a bunch of data fields are bundled up together in an object and methods defined some of which may mutate the state of the object 's data fields .
When testing objects with mutable fields , its important to test that the state transitions are correct under mutation .
By way of contrast , when doing functional programming , one attempts to write pure functions ; functions which have no internal state and where outputs depend only on inputs and constants .
The really nice thing about pure functions is that they are so easy to test .
The absence of internal state means that there are no state transitions to test .
The only testing left is to collect a bunch of inputs that test for all the boundary conditions , pass each through the function under test and validate the output .
Since testing pure functions is easier that testing objects with mutable state , I would suggest that assuring quality using automated testing is easier for functional code than for object oriented code .
This conclusion directly contradicts the title of Feathers ' blog post : " Quality Begs for Object - Orientation " .
The lesson to be learned here is that if anyone with a purely Java background wants to learn Ocaml or any other functional language , they have to be prepared for a rather large paradigm shift .
Old habits and ways of thinking need to be discarded .
For Ocaml , that means ignoring Ocaml 's object oriented and imperative programming features for as long as possible and attempting to write nothing but pure stateless functions .
Update : 2008-02-26 17:04
Conrad Parker posted this to to reddit and the ensuing discussion was quite interesting .
Posted at : 23:26 | Category : CodeHacking / Ocaml | Permalink
The disclosure makes it harder for President George Bush and the vice - president , Dick Cheney , to make a case for a military strike against Iran next year .
It also makes it more difficult to persuade countries such as Russia and China to join the US , Britain and France in imposing a new round of sanctions on Tehran .
The national security estimate , which pulls together the work of the 16 US intelligence agencies , today published a declassified report revising previous assessments of Iran 's weapons programme .
" Tehran 's decision to halt its nuclear weapons programme suggests it is less determined to develop nuclear weapons than we have been judging since 2005 , " it said .
Bush and Cheney have been claiming that Tehran is bent on achieving a nuclear weapon .
The British government , which is planning to discuss the report with its US counterparts over the next few days , has also repeatedly said it suspects Iran of seeking a nuclear weapons capability .
The Iranian government insists it is only pursuing a civilian nuclear programme .
The US national security estimate disclosed that Tehran had halted its nuclear weapons programme in 2003 and had not restarted it .
Two years ago , the national security estimate reached a different conclusion , saying Iran was still developing its nuclear weapons programme .
The White House continued to claim today that Iran remains a threat to the region and the world as a whole .
Although a halt to nuclear weapons development is significant , the national security estimate is far from a clean bill of health for Iran .
The country is pushing ahead with its uranium enrichment programme , which has only limited civilian use and could be quickly converted to nuclear military use .
The national intelligence estimate warned that Iran could secure a nuclear weapon by 2010 .
The US state department 's intelligence and research office says the more likely timescale would be 2013 .
All the agencies concede that Iran may not have enough enriched uranium until after 2015 .
Referring to Iran 's decision to halt the military programme in the autumn of 2003 , Stephen Hadley , the White House national security adviser , said today : " Today 's national intelligence estimate offers some positive news .
It confirms that we were right to be worried about Iran seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
It tells us that we have made progress in trying to ensure that this does not happen .
" But the intelligence also tells us that the risk of Iran acquiring a nuclear weapon remains a very serious problem .
The estimate offers grounds for hope that the problem can be solved diplomatically , without the use of force , as the administration has been trying to do . "
Hadley said the White House would continue to try to intensify international pressure on Iran .
Russia and China , two of the permanent members of the UN security council , have scuppered attempts by the US over the last six months to impose tough new sanctions on Iran .
Bush and Cheney stepped up rhetoric against Iran this year .
Bush said in October : " If you 're interested in avoiding world war III , it seems like you ought to be interested in preventing them from having the knowledge necessary to make a nuclear weapon . "
Cheney warned of " serious consequences " if the government in Tehran did not abandon its nuclear programme .
The decision to publish the national intelligence estimate is aimed at trying to recover the public credibility lost when the agencies wrongly claimed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction in the years running up to 2003 .
A US official said this time " there was a very rigorous scrub using all the trade craft available , using the lessons of 2002 " .
Mitch McConnell , the director of national intelligence , last month decided that its reports would not longer be released automatically .
But an exception is being made in this case because the new conclusion contradicts the 2005 findings .
In a separate statement accompanying the report , the deputy director , Donald Kerr , said that given the new conclusions , it was important to release the report publicly " to ensure that an accurate presentation is available " .
The national intelligence report says that Iran would have to go flat out to secure enough highly enriched uranium by 2010 .
The state department 's intelligence and research office says that the more likely timescale would be 2013 .
All the agencies concede that Iran may not have enough enriched uranium until after 2015 .
The report says that ultimately Iran has the technical and industrial capability to build a bomb " if it decides to do so " but it Iran may be amenable to pressure .
Tehran 's " decisions are guided by a cost - benefit approach rather than a rush to a weapon irrespective of the political , economic and military costs . "
It adds : " Some combination of threats of intensified international scrutiny and pressures , along with opportunities for Iran to achieve its security , prestige , and goals for regional influence in other ways might - if perceived by Iran 's leaders as credible - prompt Tehran to extend the current halt to its nuclear weapons programme . "
Breaking and disturbing News !
Admiral Fallon , who has been an outspoken opponent in regard war with Iran , has resigned his post and is retiring from the military .
America has just suffered another enormous loss with the resignation of Admiral Fallon , adding to the wealth of military expertise and talent that Bush has run-off with his partisan politics and do - it - my - way or the highway attitude as he casually reduces our experienced military talent and assets , leaving America even more vulnerable to outside aggression as our adversaries are watching us destroy our own military !
Below is a brief description of the issue(s ) that led to his “ retirement ” .
Admiral Fallon ’s “ No Iran War ” Line Angered White House by Gareth Porter WASHINGTON —
A new article on CENTCOM commander Adm.
William Fallon confirms that his public statements last fall ruling out war against Iran last fall were not coordinated with the White House and landed him in trouble more than once with President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
0308 02 In an admiring article on Fallon in Esquire , former Pentagon official Thomas P.M. Barnett writes that Fallon angered the White House by “ brazenly challenging ” Bush on his aggressive threat of war against Tehran .
Barnett also cites “ well - placed observers ” as saying Bush may soon replace Fallon with a “ more pliable ” commander .
Barnett ’s account , which quotes conversations with Fallon during the CENTCOM commander ’s trips to the Middle East , shows that Fallon privately justified his statements contradicting the Bush policy of keeping the “ option ” of an unprovoked attack on Iran “ on the table ” as necessary to calm the fears of Egypt and other friendly Arab regimes of a U.S. - Iran war .
Barnett recalls that when Fallon was in Cairo in November , the lead story in that day ’s edition of the English - language daily Egyptian Gazette carried the headline “ U.S. Rules Out Strike against Iran ” over a picture of Fallon meeting with President Hosni Mubarak .
MUCH MORE
Admiral Fallon is the only senior military official that opposes a war with Iran according to CNN reporting that I ’m listening to live as I write this brief report .
How will this affect our prospects for going to war with Iran and how much importance is really associated with this event ?
I noted that oil prices were increasing while US consumption was actually decreasing in the US , and I wondered what the “ money ” in the country knew that we did n’t , as the rise in oil prices defied logic .
This is a brief report of what we know :
Fallon resigns as chief of U.S. forces in Middle East * Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he accepted the resignation with regret
* Gates said he will be replaced by Lt. Gen. Martin Dempsey
* Fallon cites what he calls inaccurate news reports for decision to step aside
* Fallon : Perception “ makes it difficult for me to effectively serve America ’s interests ”
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) — Adm. William Fallon has resigned as chief of U.S. forces in the Middle East and Central Asia after more than a year in the post , citing what he called an inaccurate perception that he is at odds with the Bush administration over Iran .
Fallon , the head of U.S. Central Command , was the subject of a recent Esquire magazine profile that portrayed him as resisting pressure for military action against Iran , which the Bush administration accuses of trying to develop nuclear weapons .
In a written statement , he said the article ’s “ disrespect for the president ” and “ resulting embarrassment ” have become a distraction .
“ Although I do n’t believe there have ever been any differences about the objectives of our policy in the Central Command area of responsibility , the simple perception that there is makes it difficult for me to effectively serve America ’s interests there , ” he said .
MUCH MORE
There ’s no question this is an event that is beneficial to Bush and Cheney ’s ambitions to bomb Iran ’s nuclear facilities , and with Admiral Fallon now retired , who will be the voice of reason ?
What happens next ?
When will Congress step - in and actually perform their duties and responsibilities to the American people ?
William Cormier
info.vim : GNU info documentation browser .
script karma Rating 628/228 , Downloaded by 8702 Comments , bugs , improvements Vim wiki created by Slavik Gorbanyov script type utility description requires vim 6.x and GNU info .
adds new command ` Info ' : without arguments it displays " directory " node , with single argument displays this file ( eg ` : Info libc ' ) .
with two arguments , first specifies file and second node to display ( eg ` : Info libc POSIX \ Threads ' -- note space escaping ) .
within browser , press h key to see available key shortcuts .
install details copy it into ~/.vim / plugin / , then restart vim ( or do : runtime info.vim ) .
rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes info.vim 1.7 2002 -11-30 6.0 Slavik Gorbanyov added varios workarounds for win32 environment .
fixed multiline cross-references matching .
info.vim 1.6 2002-11-13 6.0 Slavik Gorbanyov script now properly follows hyperlinks split across two lines .
info.vim 1.5 2002-03-20 6.0 Slavik Gorbanyov fixed issue with c-shell and stderr redirection .
global search still does not work properly , sorry .
info.vim 1.2 2001-06-16 6.0 Slavik Gorbanyov Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Toe to heel air injection ( THAI ) is a new method of extracting oil from heavy oil deposits which may have significant advantages over existing methods .
The method was developed by Malcolm Greaves of the University of Bath and has been patented by Petrobank .
According to the Petrobank website :
This post reflects collaboration between Don , also known as 1observer , and myself .
Don is an arms - length investor in Petrobank Energy and Resources Ltd. , the company that patented THAI .
Otherwise , he has no ties with the company .
This post is based on an analysis of publicly available documents .
I want to thank Don for all of his hard work that went into this .
THAI ™ is a evolutionary new combustion process , that combines a vertical air injection well with a horizontal production well .
During the process a combustion front is created where part of the oil in the reservoir is burned , generating heat which reduces the viscosity of the oil allowing it to flow by gravity to the horizontal production well .
The combustion front sweeps the oil from the toe to the heel of the horizontal producing well recovering an estimated 80 percent of the original oil - in - place while partially upgrading the crude oil in - situ .
2 . Could you explain this a little more ?
This method uses a horizontal well with a vertical well at the toe of the horizontal interval .
For the first three months , steam is injected in the vertical well to heat the horizontal well and condition the reservoir around the vertical well .
After the first three months , air is injected in the vertical well and combustion initiated .
The combustion raises temperatures to approximately 400 to 600 degrees Centigrade ( 751 to 1,111 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
At these temperatures , both thermal cracking and coking occurs .
In this process , about 10 % of the oil ( the coked portion ) is consumed .
The thermal cracking causes the remaining oil to be upgraded .
According to Petrobank 's Second Quarter 2007 Financial Report :
Ongoing analysis of the produced oil has shown a continuous upgrading effect .
The produced oil is a blend of oil directly affected by combustion and oil that is mobilized and drained by heat conducted into the reservoir beyond the combustion front , which results in a varying quality of produced oil .
The produced oil has consistently been of a materially lower viscosity and higher gravity than the native bitumen ( 500,000 centipoises , 7.6 degree API gravity ) .
The quality of the produced oil has been , at times , up to 16 degrees API and less than 100 centipoises .
Once combustion is started , combustion continues as long as air is injected .
In the test wells , it is estimated that this will be about five years .
The combustion gasses bring the mobilized oil and vaporized water to the surface , so no pumps are needed .
These are some additional pictures of the process , showing the process in varying stages of development :
3 . How much water is used in this process ?
Water ( and natural gas ) are used during the first three months to create the steam which is injected in the well when it is first started .
For the remainder of the life of the well ( five years in the case of the test wells ) , neither water nor natural gas is used .
The second quarter report indicates that on the test wells , the oil cut is over 50 % .
This is in line with what is planned .
Since no new water is added after the first three months , the water that is produced is from the ground .
According to the quarterly report :
. . . the produced water has been of very high quality , with clean oil / water segregation and minimal emulsion to process .
Analysis of the produced water indicates that it will , with minor further processing , be suitable for other industrial uses .
4 . Is Petrobank actually able to recover 80 % of oil originally in place ?
The material on the Petrobank web site indicates that it is expected that THAI will recover 70 % to 80 % of oil originally in place .
If 10 % of the oil originally in place is burned in the process , this would leave 10 % to 20 % of the oil originally in place in the ground .
It is not clear from the published material regarding tests whether they are yet at the target level .
According to the Petrobank website , besides yielding 70 % to 80 % recoverable , THAI can be used in many areas where steam methods cannot :
• Thinner reservoirs , less than 10 meters thick
• Where top or bottom water is present
• Where top gas is absent
• Areas with " shale lenses " that act as barriers to steam
• In general , lower pressure , lower quality and deeper reservoirs than current steam - based processes
By comparison , recovery using current steam processes is estimated to be 20 % to 50 % in the high - grade , homogeneous areas where steam methods can be used .
5 . What tests have been done on THAI ?
There was considerable laboratory testing of THAI , before field testing was ever begun .
This is discussed in this presentation .
Field tests started a little over a year ago .
As of the writing of the second quarterly financial report , there were three well pairs in operation -- one had been in production for over 12 months , one for over 7 months , and one for over over one month .
Each of the pilot well pairs was designed for 1,000 barrels a day of fluid at a 60 % oil cut , so each was designed to produce 600 barrels of oil per day .
According to the second quarter financial report , what they are actually producing is " up to 2,000 barrels per day and oil cuts of over 50 % " .
Actual production has been choked back from the 2,000 barrel per day level because of sand :
The wells have exhibited high sand production volumes and we have had to run them on very low choke settings , significantly restricting flow rates in order to achieve higher on - stream factors through the surface facilities .
A small test sand knock - out vessel demonstrated that the sand can easily be removed from the produced fluids , providing the data necessary to design the larger knock - out vessels required to operate each of the wells at their demonstrated capacity .
The first , single well , sand knock - out vessel is expected to be fully operational next week , and we expect to have all three vessels in operation by mid-October .
Production rates and on - stream factors are expected to increase significantly with the installation of the new sand knock - out facilities that will allow the wells to operate at their demonstrated combined capacity of up to 6,000 barrels per day of gross fluid , with oil cuts of over 50 percent .
Thus , if the sand knock - out vessels work , oil production is expected to be over 3,000 barrels for the three well pairs combined , compared to planned production of 1,800 barrels per day .
Results of the tests indicate that the spacing can be increased from the current 100 meters between wells to at least 125 meters between wells .
6 . What additional tests are planned ?
According to the East - West Energy Chronicle Petrobank plans to start three additional test wells in the latter part of 2007 .
These additional wells will test a potential enhancement to THAI , called CAPRI .
With CAPRI , a nickel - based catalyst is added to the well bore , in order to increase the amount of upgrading that occurs .
According to Chris Bloomer , Petrobank 's Vice - President for heavy oil , " We think THAI is effectively an in - situ coker , and we hope CAPRI could be an in - situ catalytic cracker . "
In addition to these three test wells , the company plans to develop an initial 10,000 barrel per day commercial project .
Design work and submission of the regulatory application is expected to be completed in 2007 .
The cost is estimated to be about $ 150 million dollars , or $ 15,000 a flowing barrel .
It is expected this could be constructed in a year .
Since CAPRI has not yet been tested ( except in the laboratory ) , this project would presumably be a THAI - only project .
7 . To what extent can heavy oil be upgraded using THAI and CAPRI ?
Based on a document from 2002 , the hope is THAI can upgrade by 6 - 8 ºAPI , and CAPRI can upgrade an additional 8 ºAPI .
If this can be done , there is the potential to upgrade heavy oil of 8 - 10 ºAPI gravity to a light oil of 24 - 26 ºAPI .
Medium heavy crude , such as some of that found on the United Kingdom Continental Shelf , could be upgraded from 20 - 24 to 36 - 42 ºAPI .
Even if it is not possible to make such large changes in ºAPI , the hope is that the amount of dilutent can be greatly reduced .
8 . How does the environmental impact compare to that of current production methods ?
It is much less .
According to the Petrobank website , the THAI methodology has
• Negligible fresh water use
• 50 percent less greenhouse gas emissions
• Smaller surface footprint and easier reclamation
This is an image of what the above ground operation looks like .
One can see that the footprint is quite small .
According to the 2002 document , heavy metals are expected to be reduced by 90 + % by this method , and sulfur is expected to be reduced by 30 % to 40 % .
9 . What are the economics of THAI expected to be ?
According to the Petrobank website , economics are expected to be much better than current methods :
• Lower capital cost – only one horizontal well , minimal steam and water processing facilities
• Lower operating cost – negligible natural gas , minimal steam generation and minimal water processing - estimated to be 50 % of steam assisted methods
• Potential for higher netbacks for partially upgraded product and less dilutent use
• Faster project execution time
According to the The East - West Energy Chronicle
The first commercial project discussed in Question 6 is expected to cost $ 15,000 per barrel of productive capacity and take 12 months to build .
10 .
What areas are under consideration for application of THAI technology ?
According to the Petrobank website , THAI technology can be used on almost any area with heavy or medium oil .
One possible application of THAI is to areas which have already been mined using steam methods .
Because of the higher recovery percentage , considerable additional oil is expected to be extracted .
According to the Petrobank web site , Columbia is currently at the forefront of Petrobank 's work on THAI outside of Canada .
Other countries where agreements are in place are Brazil , Ecuador , Venezuela , and China .
There are many other parts of the world with heavy oil where THAI could also be used , including Texas , Africa , and Russia .
This methodology could also be used on medium heavy oils , such as in some of the fields on the United Kingdom Continental Shelf .
Since the percentage of oil recovery is so high , the method can be considered a method of Enhanced Oil Recovery , and can be used to extend the life of otherwise - depleted wells .
11 . What stands in the way of the wide application of THAI ?
At this point , the methodology is not fully tested .
The sand problem looks solvable , but it has not been tested in practice yet .
CAPRI has not been field tested at all yet .
There are various enhancements to THAI and CAPRI that Petrobank would like to look at .
This presentation talks about the current status of various Petrobank projects , including THAI .
If THAI is to be used more widely , the technology would need to be licensed to other users .
Companies with licenses may also want to do their own tests .
Even though the wells are fairly quick to build , it seems likely that it will be several years before any substantial number of wells using this technology can be built , because of the lead times in planing new facilities , getting appropriate permits , and getting pipelines in place .
Because of these lead times , it is likely that peak oil will be here before substantial numbers of wells using THAI technology can be put into operation .
THAI may help mitigate the down slope , and , if it lives up to its promise , it is possible production may again increase .
It might be noted that there are other new heavy oil technologies under development as well .
The booklet Unleashing the Potential of Heavy Oil discusses several other possible techniques , in addition to THAI .
One such new technique uses electricity to recover bitumen .
The electricity itself could be generated from the bitumen .
This method produces no greenhouse gasses in the recovery process .
Another method under development uses geothermal energy .
These techniques may also be shown to have merit .
12 . Is n't THAI the same in - situ combustion process that was used decades ago in California and several other places around the world ?
[ Revised 8/29/2007 ]
No .
In that process , vertical producer wells were arranged in a circle around a central air injection well .
Combustion was started in the center , and air pressure was gradually increased to maintain combustion as the burned out central area became larger .
There was no directional control -- the fire would burn in whichever direction there was least resistance .
There were two problems with this method :
• Much oil was by - passed , as the combustion extended in whichever direction it chose .
Typical efficiencies were less than 30 % , according to Greaves ' patent .
• Air breakthroughs to the vertical producing wells were common , because of the air high pressure required in the expanding open area and because of the openings to the surface ( vertical producer wells ) available for air escape .
The hot combustion gasses would rise and explosively break through one or more of the vertical wells .
The drop in air pressure would stop combustion .
In 1992 , Eugene Ostapovich ( Mobil Oil ) patented a partial improvement over the original in situ combustion design .
Ostapovich used a horizontal producer well , but instead of the single air injector well used by Greaves , Ostapovich used multiple injector wells and multiple vent wells .
This arrangement still did not work well , because the gasses could still break through one or more of the vent wells .
In 1995 , Malcomb Greaves was granted a patent , improving on the invention of Eugene Ostapovich .
In Greaves patent , a horizontal producer well was used with a single air injection well .
With this approach , the only places for the hot combustion gasses to escape were ( 1 ) the single air injection well ( which was blocked by the air or air / oxygen mixture it was injecting ) or ( 2 ) through the horizontal producer well .
With Greaves invention , THAI , the heat from the combustion front liquefied the heavy oil in front of it , filling the horizontal producer well with an oil / water mixture .
The combustion gasses could therefore not escape , except by helping to push the oil / water mixture through the horizontal producer well .
Thus , the combustion gasses could no longer break through to the surface .
Instead , they push the oil / water mixture , eliminating the need for a pump to bring the mixture out of the horizontal producer well .
The design of THAI also provides directional control .
As the mobilized oil is drained from the reservoir , a vacuum or a low pressures area is created into which air is injected .
Draining the oil / water / gas mixture out of the horizontal well keeps pulling the low pressure area forward and moves the combustion in the desired direction .
13 .
What open issues are there with respect to THAI ?
[ Added by Gail 8/29/2007 ]
These are some issues we have identified :
• The technology has only been tested for a little over a year .
Will the combustion really continue for a little over five years as planned ( or perhaps longer , if wells are longer ) ?
What percentage of oil will really be recovered ?
How much upgrading will actually occur with THAI ?
With CAPRI ?
Are there other problems ( perhaps with emissions or groundwater pollution ) that will crop up several years into the test ?
• How widely can this technology really be applied ?
The three test wells are in one location , but Petrobank believes that this technology can be used in a range of geological conditions .
It really needs to be tested in a range of conditions , to know this for certain how diverse geological conditions will affect the process .
Additional tests will allow people to better know what percentage of oil will be recovered , how much upgrading will occur , and what emissions or ground water pollution issues ( if any ) there might be under a range of conditions .
Additional tests will also better determine what costs are likely to be .
• Costs of implementation are likely to vary from location to location , because of external factors such as amount and type of geological testing required ; amount and type of pollution or emissions control , if any ; cost of land ; amount of pipeline that needs to be laid ; and the amount of royalty payments that will be required .
One cannot know whether THAI will be economic in a particular location without a full analysis of the costs in that location .
• In Centralia , Pennsylvania , there has been a problem with a long - burning coal mine , raising the issue of whether this kind of thing can happen with THAI .
With THAI , it is necessary to inject air or an air / oxygen mixture under pressure to maintain combustion .
Because of this , the possibility of combustion extending to unwanted areas seems extremely remote .
Further testing would clarify whether there is any chance of this being an issue .
• This analysis is not intended to look at the question of whether Pettrobank would profit if the technology is successful .
Anyone wanting to analyze this will need to need to look at Petrobank 's plans , its proposed business model , patents , competing technologies , regulatory issues , and other issues that might impact the future profitability of the company .
• We have said that THAI might help mitigate the down slope after peak oil , or may even allow oil production to begin to rise again .
Without further analysis , it is not clear how much benefit THAI will provide .
One issue is whether THAI really works in a wide range of applications .
Another is the speed with which it might be applied , in real - world situations .
A third issue is how fast the remaining oil supply is depleting .
The impact may be only a little , quite late .
• There are a variety of documents relating to THAI which we have not examined , but a person wanting to dig deeper will want to review .
These include :
http://www.petrobank.com/webdocs/whitesands/whitesands_application.pdf
http://www.petrobank.com/webdocs/whitesands/whitesands_eub_response.pdf
http://www.nt.ntnu.no/users/skoge/prost/proceedings/aiche-2004/pdffiles/...
Other References
Besides the links shown above , here are a few other references of interest :
This is a link to Petrobank THAI FAQ's .
This is a link to the presentation from the 2002 launch meeting for THAI .
This is a link to Malcolm Greaves staff profile at the University of Bath .
Automated translation systems , such as Alta Vista 's Babelfish , have relied on a set of human - defined rules that attempt to encapsulate the underlying grammar and vocabulary used to construct a language .
Although Google has been using that approach to power much of its translation service , it 's not really in keeping with the company 's philosophy of using some clever code and a massive data set .
So it should be no surprise that the company has started developing its own statistical machine translation service .
According to some Google - watchers , Google 's homegrown translation process is now being used for all languages available through the service .
We took the new service for a spin .
Five years of Spanish in high school and college , as well as countless years of exposure to the language through ads on the subway and watching the World Cup on Univision , have left me borderline - literate in the language .
I chose a web page that was inspired by my contributions to Urs Technica : a description of the native bear population of the Iberian peninsula .
The page contains a mix of some basic descriptive language , along with more detailed discussions of ursine biology .
A second translation using Babelfish was performed at the same time .
Overall , it was difficult to discern a difference in quality between the two .
Each service had some difficulty with Spanish 's sentence structure , which places adjectives after the nouns they modify .
For example , instead of " Discover Bear Country , " Google suggested that a link was inviting people to " Discover the Country Bears . "
Maybe Disney paid for that one .
Both also ran into a number of words they did n't know what to do with ; for example , Spanish has a specific word for " bear den " — osera — that neither service recognized and so left untranslated .
Neither correctly figured out the proper context for the use of " celo " .
This is a term that did n't come up during my years of Spanish , but it apparently can be used to describe the annual period of female fertility .
Both services went literal when faced with " celo " , with Babelfish choosing " fervor " and Google picking " zeal " as its translation .
This caused Google to suggest that female bears " can be mounted by several different males over the same zeal . "
There were also what might be termed Spanish 101 level errors .
The verb " molesta " is generally used to mean " bother " or " harass . "
Yet Google made a novice - level mistake and did a literal translation to " molest . "
Neither service demonstrated a human 's ability to recognize when they were producing gibberish .
Google , for example , described a group of bears gathering around a rich food source as " They can also occur by coincidence , rallies temporary copies in a few places with abundant food . "
There was one case where Google 's statistical method seemed to lead it astray .
Both services went Spanish 101 on the term " crudo , " which was used to describe the harshest or roughest part of winter , when bears hibernate .
Google apparently applied undue statistical weight to the word " crude . "
In one case , this trashed the entire sentence that contained " crudo " — a photo of a cold winter scene was captioned : " The period of winter as crude bears spend winter . "
In a second instance , the more typical context of " crudo " was applied , with hilarious results : " The life of a bear begins as crude oil during winter . "
To test a language that is more distant from English , I located a press release in both Japanese and English : the one announcing the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physics , which went to researchers running parallel experiments in the US and Japan .
The release in Japanese was available only as a PDF , so I copied and pasted the text into the translation box .
The results , which seem to have preserved the line breaks from the PDF , were practically poetic :
I do so without interaction , thus detected is extremely
Difficult for .
For example , the trillions of pieces of New
Torino is our second body to penetrate , but I
We are absolutely not aware .
Raymond Davis Jr.
Coal giant tank is placed 600 tons of liquid meets applicable
The construction of a completely new detection equipment .
He was 30 years ...
That bears a slight resemblance to Japanese Zen poetry , which is supposed to startle its readers out of their normal perception of reality , allowing them to reach a Buddhist enlightenment .
This may sound like I 'm being excessively harsh regarding Google 's new translation method , so I 'll reemphasize that it appears to produce translations that are roughly equal in quality to those provided by other services .
Where it really shines , however , is its interface .
On a translated web page , you can hover the mouse over any translated sentence , and the untranslated version will appear .
This is a tremendous aid for those that have a partial command of the language , as the immediate comparison between the texts can help eliminate any confusion caused by mistranslation .
This same feature may ultimately help Google move beyond the quality of other services .
Each of these popups comes with a link that offers you the opportunity to suggest a better translation .
If people are willing to spend the time suggesting fixes for mistranslations ( and vandalism does n't become a problem ) , Google may ultimately have a dataset that allows their service to provide an exceptional degree of accuracy .
Either way , there is no dispute that eNom shut down Mr. Marshall ’s sites without notifying him and has refused to release the domain names to him .
In effect , Mr. Marshall said , eNom has taken his property and interfered with his business .
He has slowly rebuilt his Web business over the last several months , and now many of the same sites operate with the suffix .
net rather than .com , through a European registrar .
His servers , he said , have been in the Bahamas all along .
Mr. Marshall said he did not understand “ how Web sites owned by a British national operating via a Spanish travel agency can be affected by U.S. law . ”
Worse , he said , “ these days not even a judge is required for the U.S. government to censor online materials . ”
A Treasury spokesman , John Rankin , referred a caller to a press release issued in December 2004 , almost three years before eNom acted .
It said Mr. Marshall ’s company had helped Americans evade restrictions on travel to Cuba and was “ a generator of resources that the Cuban regime uses to oppress its people . ”
It added that American companies must not only stop doing business with the company but also freeze its assets , meaning that eNom did exactly what it was legally required to do .
Mr. Marshall said he was uninterested in American tourists .
“ They ca n’t go anyway , ” he said .
Peter L. Fitzgerald , a law professor at Stetson University in Florida who has studied the blacklist  which the Treasury calls a list of “ specially designated nationals ”  said its operation was quite mysterious .
“ There really is no explanation or standard , ” he said , “ for why someone gets on the list . ”
Susan Crawford , a visiting law professor at Yale and a leading authority on Internet law , said the fact that many large domain name registrars are based in the United States gives the Treasury ’s Office of Foreign Assets Control , or OFAC , control “ over a great deal of speech  none of which may be actually hosted in the U.S. , about the U.S. or conflicting with any U.S. rights . ”
According to philanthropic watchdogs like the American Institute of Philanthropy , nonprofit groups that raise money for veterans ’ causes are among the worst in the charity world for wastefulness and mismanagement .
Today ’s editorial about the issue is here .
There ’s more to the story :
Daniel Borochoff , the organization ’s president , testified ( pdf ) last December before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , calling it “ a national disgrace ” that Americans ’ compassion and generosity were being squandered by inefficient , underscrutinized charities .
These are some images from an Easter - related junk - mail solicitation by the Coalition to Salute America ’s Heroes , founded by Roger Chapin , who was grilled by the committee over his hard - sell tactics , lavish salary and other questionable uses of people ’s contributions .
You can read a report ( pdf ) from the committee detailing Mr. Chapin ’s activities , or watch a video of the hearing , which was described as “ raucous . ”
When there is something you should know , it gets posted here
The Pakistan People 's party will seek a national government that includes supporters of Nawaz Sharif , the husband of assassinated opposition leader Benazir Bhutto said today .
But Asif Zardari said the PPP was not interested in entering a coalition with President Pervez Musharraf 's allies , who lost heavily in yesterday 's parliamentary elections .
As Zardari held out the prospect of an alliance between the PPP and Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League - N party – the two big winners from the election - Sharif stuck to his uncompromising line on Musharraf .
Sharif , who was overthrown by Musharraf in 1999 , said it was time for the president to quit after his ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in Pakistan 's parliamentary elections .
The former prime minister told reporters that Musharraf had said he would quit when people told him to .
" And now the people have given their verdict , " Sharif told reporters .
Musharraf 's Pakistan Muslim League - Q party ( PML - Q ) conceded defeat after a paltry showing and said it was prepared to work in opposition .
Party chairman , Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain , told AP television news that " we accept the results with an open heart " and " will sit on opposition benches " in the new parliament .
The big winners were the Pakistan People 's party of the assassinated opposition leader Benazir Bhutto , and Nawaz Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League -N .
But neither party won an outright majority and are expected to enter power - sharing talks .
Sharif 's party performed better than most polls had predicted , sweeping the board in the populous Punjab province , which elects about half of the parliament .
Nearly every major Musharraf lieutenant lost his seat and there were setbacks for the religious parties that have ruled the troubled North West Frontier province since 2002 .
" All the kings men , gone ! " read a headline in the Daily Times .
The losers included Chaudhry Shujat Hussain , the president of Musharraf 's party , the former foreign minister Khurshid Kasuri , and Sheikh Rashid , a close Musharraf confidante .
Pervez Elahi , a Musharraf stalwart with ambitions to become prime minister , won one of the three seats he was contesting under Pakistan 's unusual electoral system .
The result was a stinging rebuke for Musharraf , whose popularity has plunged since he initiated a confrontation with the country 's judiciary and lawyers last March , followed by emergency rule late last year .
The spokesman for Sharif 's party , Saqiq ul - Farooq , told reporters that Musharraf " should go " .
But he said that if the restored justices validated the election of Musharraf to a new term last October , the opposition would accept the decision .
" We want to put Pakistan back on the track of democracy , constitution and rule of law , and the restoration of sacked judges is a must to achieve this goal , " he said .
The question is whether , faced with overwhelming opposition , Musharraf , a former army commando , can bend to the new political reality and retain his position at the head of state .
Until now he has fought doggedly to maintain power , imposing a six - week emergency rule last November , jailing critical lawyers and judges , and imposing strict media controls .
With about 30 of the 272 seats undeclared , Musharraf 's last hope is to prevent the opposition from gaining the two - thirds majority that would leave him vulnerable to impeachment in the new parliament .
" It 's the moment of truth for the president , " Abbas Nasir , the editor of the Dawn newspaper told Reuters .
" There will be thoughts swirling in his mind , whether he can forge a working relationship with two parties whose leadership he kept out of the country . "
Support from the US , Musharraf 's most steadfast international ally , appears to be .
Senior American military and intelligence officials have travelled to Islamabad in the past few months for talks with General Ashfaq Kayani , Musharraf 's successor as head of the army .
A team of US senators that observed the vote described it as credible and legitimate , with the moderate majority expressing a desire for change .
" The will of the moderate majority , and the vast majority of the Pakistani people , who are moderate and democratic , is becoming a reality , " said Joseph Biden , the head of the powerful Senate foreign relations committee .
On the eve of the polls , senator Joseph Biden , the head of the powerful Senate foreign relations committee who was observing voting in Lahore , warned that any evidence of large - scale rigging could trigger a cut in US assistance to Pakistan , which has amounted to over $ 10 bn ( £ 5 bn ) since 2001 .
Many predicted the PML -Q , a mish - mash of political opportunists that has given Musharraf valuable political cover over the past five years , would not survive the rout .
" I do n't think it 's going to hold together .
Nobody will want to stay with a party that has received such a big blow , " said Hina Rabbani Khar , a former PML - Q minister who defected to Bhutto 's party on the eve of the election .
Fears of widespread vote - rigging did not materialise although there were significant irregularities in many places across the country .
Any manipulation was not enough to halt the opposition landslide .
The PPP won at least 80 seats , more than any other party but less than polls predicted .
In contrast , Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League - N picked up at least 64 seats thanks to his bald threats to unseat Musharraf .
Sharif was not elected , however , having been barred from standing by criminal charges dating back to the coup that brought Musharraf to power in 1999 .
Asif Zardari , the husband of Bhutto , travelled to Islamabad today , where the two leaders are expected to hold power - sharing talks .
It 's no surprise that people are more honest when they know that they 're being watched .
But what about just reminding them of the idea of being watched , without them actually being watched ?
For years , people at the University of Newcastle 's Division of Psychology have an honor ( or trust ) system where they are requested to deposit payment for coffee in an " honesty box . "
There was a note saying how much they should pay .
In 2006 , Melissa Bateson and colleagues decided to do a little experiment : they placed an image above the note .
They alternate between two pictures : one week they would use a picture of eyes and the other week , flowers .
After 10 weeks , they plotted the amount of money received versus drinks consumed and found that people paid nearly three times as much for their drinks when eyes were displayed !
Here 's the study : Link [ PDF ] - via
Think or Thwim
An illustration showing the design for Arizona 's " Choose Life " license plate , released to Reuters on January 28 , 2008 .
An Arizona agency wrongly denied an anti-abortion group permission to print their message " Choose Life " on license plates , a federal appeals court ruled on Monday .
REUTERS / The Center for Arizona Policy / Handout
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) -
An Arizona agency wrongly denied an anti-abortion group permission to print their message “ Choose Life ” on license plates , a federal appeals court ruled on Monday .
The Arizona License Plate Commission allows nonprofit groups to highlight their cause on license plates , but the commission in 2002 and 2003 denied the Arizona Life Coalition permission for a specialty plate with the “ Choose Life ” slogan .
The Arizona Life Coalition alleged that the denial violated their First Amendment rights to free speech and a three - judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals agreed .
“ Nowhere does the statute create objective criteria for limiting ‘ controversial ’ material , and nowhere does the statute prohibit speech related to abortion , ” Judge Richard Tallman wrote .
“ The commission ignored its statutory mandate and acted unreasonably in violation of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution . ”
I had n’t talked about this before , because sometimes I get so immersed in the whole personal finance blogosphere I start to think if I know it , everyone else must already know it too .
I did that with snowflaking – because it was one of the few “ financial ” type things I already knew about before I started the blog , I just assumed it was common knowledge .
But obviously , it was n’t , and it was a good use of my time and effort to explain the concept of snowflaking and help spread the word about attacking debt , savings , or even investments in that manner .
Obtaining my credit report for free ( sans score ) once a year was something I knew that I was legally able to do before I started the blog , but I actually did n’t know where to get it .
After a conversation a few nights ago with some coworkers about the “ Free Credit Report dot com ” commercials and my explaining where to REALLY get your free credit report , I realized that because of the clever and incessant marketing by the aforementioned company , a lot of people may not actually know where to obtain their credit report for free , no strings attached , and it made me want to spread the word .
The “ go - to ” site for your FREE credit report , no strings attached , is www.annualcreditreport.com .
This is the official site to request your free yearly credit report , and was created by the three nationwide consumer credit reporting companies – Equifax , Experian and TransUnion .
You will not get your credit score from this service , but you will get a free copy of your entire credit report from any or all of the three reporting agencies .
You can request a report from each of the three agencies once per year .
Many people who use the service will rotate their requests so they can see their credit report more frequently – for example , in January request from Equifax , in May from TransUnion , and then in September from Experian .
That way you get a more frequent snapshot of your credit report than once yearly .
Generally , the three credit reporting agencies will have similar ( but not identical ) information on their reports .
Last June
I requested all three of mine at once for the very first time , simply because I had never done it before .
I decided I wanted to see all three for myself and see how similar they were , since I had never requested one before .
They were in my case pretty similar after all , so going forward I have a different plan .
Generally , I am going to request one every 6 months ( one in July and one in January , rotating through the three on an 18 month cycle ) , because I want to have one available to check if I am worried or concerned that something may not be right .
For example , last year soon after I had already requested all three of my reports , I got a letter from a company I had never heard of called Certegy , telling my my personal data had potentially been breached .
Turns out they are a check / bank account verification service that had been used by , among other companies , Amazon , which is how they had my data .
I would have liked to been able to request a free copy of one of my credit reports a month after that happened to keep an eye on things .
If you ’ve never checked your credit report , now is the time to start !
Request at least one of the three company ’s report today , for free , and make sure it is accurate .
If you find errors , you can then contact the company that furnished your report to correct or dispute them .
Happy credit checking !
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed
You can also : Stumble It !
Bookmark
Submit to Reddit
Submit to Tip’d
I like to think I 've been pretty quiet about it , but all things being equal , I shall soon be in possession of a baby , whose gender I yet know not .
" Why did n't you find out ? " people ask , and then , " But what colour are you going to paint your nursery ? "
Ah , the pink / blue conundrum .
Over my dead body would a daughter of mine be put in a pink nursery ; unless , of course , she looks like a boy , and I need to distinguish her in some way , otherwise she 'll pick up pre-linguistically on how discomfited I am by the boy - girl issue and her gender - confidence will be negatively affected in later life .
If that 's the case , she will be dressed in wall - to - wall pink until such time as she is old enough to assert her femininity herself , in some new , 21st - century way .
Social conditioning is tenacious because it is so convenient .
Like air travel , it is much easier to rail against than to eschew .
Apparently , though , this is nothing to do with social conditioning .
Anya Hurlbert , professor of visual neuroscience at Newcastle University , has just published research showing that there is " biological and not simply cultural substance to the old saying : pink for a girl and blue for a boy " .
There are two spectra : red-greenness and blue - yellowness .
While men chose their favourite tones across both , women preferred the red end of the red - green axis .
Hurlbert concluded that : " The differences were so substantial that seasoned researchers using the data are usually able to predict the sex of a participant by checking their favourite colour . "
It all makes sense , apparently , because a clear blue sky indicated good hunting weather , where red sometimes means a fruit is ripe .
Wow .
Here 's what I want to know : when are we going to stop this idiocy ?
When are at least the decent universities - like , for instance , Newcastle - going to introduce some kind of cost - benefit analysis into their research programmes ?
How much will this knowledge benefit humanity , and at what cost to our academic credibility ?
I only ask because it seems to be taking such a long time .
In the 1960s , there was a vogue in British academia for investigating which race was the most intelligent .
Hans Eysenck , at its vanguard , decided that the Chinese were the most intelligent , and black people the least ; Caucasians , I believe , occupied some space just below the Chinese .
These results have been contested ever since ; almost the whole of the 1970s was spent contesting them , the most compelling case against being that the IQ tests upon which the evidence was based were culturally biased .
As an alternative , Raven 's Progressive Matrices ( or Raven 's test ) were introduced to reduce bias , and what - ho , black people were found not to be less intelligent than white ones , after all .
Raven 's test is still used in prisons , incidentally , but every other part of this enquiry has been pretty much abandoned , on the grounds of total pointlessness .
What on earth could be the point of devising a test , then checking a number of races against the test , finding one superior , and then tangling up better minds than your own in the explanation of why that test was incomplete ?
It 's nothing more than a rather convoluted form of proving that English people are the best at speaking English .
And what , likewise , is the point of proving that women prefer pink for biological reasons ?
Where does that leave us ?
In whose crazy imagination are we just about to return to a state of Neanderthalism where that information will come in handy ?
Whose interests does it serve , to invest time - consuming enquiry into nailing down these trivial differences ?
This concentration on innate biological difference between ( let 's be frank ) oppressor and oppressed is so discredited in the racial arena , it 's functionally an academic taboo .
How did we never manage to discredit the same impulse in the business of gender ?
Were we distracted by strawberries ?
mszoewilliams@yahoo.co.uk
I have a simple tip for everyone today on how to make your WordPress blog look more professional .
This tip is especially important to newer bloggers who sometimes forget to add categories to their posts .
I hate seeing that any blog has posts under the Uncategorized category .
This is the default category that WordPress created for everything that is not otherwise categorized to be stuffed into .
It just looks bad to leave things this way , but there is a very simple solution to this problem : get rid of uncategorized .
You ca n’t just delete the category though , as it is the default category and thus , does n’t have a delete option in the WordPress administration .
You can however , edit the category .
After clicking on edit , next to uncategorized , you will be brought to a screen similar to the one below .
You can then change the category name and the category slug to something else .
I usually select something like News , General News , or Site News .
I find these all sound much better than the default uncategorized and to readers , it will look as though you gave your post a category , even if you forgot .
Note :
This will change the permalinks of any post that was previously under uncategorized to now using whatever post slug you entered in the edit screen .
The Federal Government says footage shot by the Customs ship the Oceanic Viking , of Japanese whalers killing a whale and its calf , will strengthen any legal case against the whalers .
The footage , released by the Government today , shows a slaughtered minke whale and its calf being hauled up the ramp of the Japanese ship , the Yushin Maru .
The Government is extending the duration of its whaling surveillance program and says the Attorney - General is still considering what kind of legal action should be taken and who it should be brought against .
Federal Environment Minister Peter Garrett says the pictures released today support Australia 's position .
" I think it 's explicitly clear from these images that this is indiscriminate killing of whales , where you have a whale and its calf killed in this way , " he said .
" To claim that this is in any way scientific is to continue the charade that surrounded this issue from day one .
" This is the indiscriminate killing of a whale and its calf .
It 's not scientific , and these pictures make crystal clear what 's actually happening in the Southern Ocean , and make crystal clear why we so strongly oppose the activities of the Japanese whalers there .
" The power of the camera and the release of some of this footage means that not only Australians , who care deeply about the fate of these beautiful creatures , but people right around the world , will have a better sense of what 's going on down there . "
" These photographs show the reality of whaling , the reality of the slaughter of these animals , " Customs Minister Bob Debus said .
" They will help us to back the Australian Government 's argument in an international court case , the details of which are still being worked out . "
Mr Debus said legal action could be taken in the International Whaling Commission or the International Court of Justice .
Researchers have devised a new technique to image the human brainstem .
They saw increased blood flow ( red region ) in the brainstem ( VTA or ventral tegmental area ) in measurements made by functional magnetic resonance imaging .
The human brainstem , the most primitive area of our brains , has been notoriously difficult to image because of its small size .
Now researchers have devised a new experimental technique that produces some of the best functional images ever taken of the human brainstem .
The scientists used functional magnetic resonance imaging to study brainstem activity in dehydrated humans .
The reported their results in Feb. 28 edition of the journal Science .
The subjects were participating in classical conditioning experiments in which they were presented with a visual clue , then , at varying intervals , given a drink .
The researchers were able to track changes in blood flow in areas of the brainstem associated with enhanced activity of the brain chemical dopamine — as the person experienced either pleasure or disappointment at receiving or not receiving the reward .
" For a long time , scientists have tried looking at this area of the brain and have been unsuccessful — it 's just too small , " said Kimberlee D'Ardenne , a doctoral student in chemistry at Princeton University and the lead author on the paper .
Until now , scientists wanting to use brain scans to study brain chemicals like dopamine were relegated to watching its effects in other more accessible parts of the brain , like the prefrontal cortex and ventral striatum .
However , this was downstream of its source , and therefore possibly much less accurate , D'Ardenne said .
" We wanted to try because the brainstem is so important to activities in the rest of the brain , " said D'Ardenne .
" We believe it could be a key to understanding all kinds of important behavior . "
The brainstem , a tiny , root - shaped structure , is the lower part of the brain and sits atop the spinal cord .
The area controls brain functions necessary for survival , such as breathing , digestion , heart rate , blood pressure and arousal .
This structure also serves as the home base for the brain chemicals , also known as neuromodulators , such as dopamine , serotonin and norepinephrine .
The chemicals spring forth into other brain regions from there , zipping along routes called axons .
The team 's experiments confirmed results already seen in animal studies .
Blood flow increased in dopamine centers of the brainstem when test subjects were happily surprised with a reward .
However , there was no activity when participants received less than what they expected , a finding that is different from the results of previous studies looking farther downstream .
" We are just at the beginning of understanding these crucial pathways , " D'Ardenne said .
" But it gives us a hint about what is possible to know . "
For the research , D'Ardenne collaborated with Jonathan Cohen , co-director of the Princeton Neuroscience Institute , and Samuel McClure and Leigh Nystrom , other institute scientists .
Special Ops for Django
posted : 2008-02-29 00:47:20 perma-link , RSS comments feed
I do a lot of hacking on django both at work and in my spare time .
One of the things I like most about django is the built in admin .
It 's cheap , fast and reliable .
But it does n't always have the functionality you might want to add , and extending it is n't always the easiest thing to do .
So much of what I do ends up being done in an ad hoc mode .
It 's only after performing a task a few times that you can really begin to get to the bottom of what is common and belongs in a framework , and what is n't .
So when it came time to add some features to handle blog spam last week , I guess I finally had enough context to extend django 's admin in a hopefully intelligent manner .
What I 've done is add what I 'm calling admin actions to the standard admin mechanisms as defined in the models .
The gist of it is that I 've added a few new views and a single function decorator that you can use to unleash the additional functionality within the admin .
( BTW : you can get the diff to patch your instance from here .
Just apply it to your django / contrib / admin folder .
I 'm using an older version from the .96 days . )
So once you 've applied that patch , you 'll have the new @admin_action decorator .
It 's time to play !
I 've already started adding all sorts of functionality to my models .
Here 's an example of its use :
Suppose you 've got a lot of blog spam that you want to delete .
Choosing the comments individually and deleting them would be pretty tedious .
We can solve this by creating a bulk deleter function in the manager class for the comments .
Here 's how we add multiple delete using the admin_action decorator .
In django.contrib.comments.models
I add the following to the CommentManager
from django.contrib.admin.decorators import admin_action @admin_action ( name = ' Delete selected posts ' ) def slaughter ( self , id_list ) : res = " " for id in id_list : obj = self .
get ( pk = id ) res += repr ( obj ) + " < " + " b " + " r " + " /> " obj . delete ( ) return " Deleted %s " % res
When you use the admin_action decorator on a manager function it gets turned into an available action on the object listing page .
You 'll get check boxes next to all of the items and a dropdown control at the bottom of the list detailing the available actions .
The function signature is important here .
It should expect a list of integers that represent primary keys .
At this point true composite keys are not supported .
Here 's what you 'll see :
After selecting the offending comments and choosing ' Delete selected posts ' from the drop down , a quick smack on the submit button takes us to the results page where the slaughter method has been called and the results are presented .
These bulk operations are pretty useful .
Especially on comments .
I 've added actions to ban ip addresses , re-check them against akismet , bulk approve / disapprove and send warning notices .
This type of extension is so useful , I immediately extended it to work for model methods too .
When you decorate a method on model , the method shows up in a new section called ' Special Ops ' just above the save / delete bar .
The method should only take ' self ' as an argument in this case .
Here 's a lazy example for the comment model :
from django.contrib.admin.decorators import admin_action @admin_action ( name = ' Send a warning message to this user ' ) def harass ( self ) : " " " Send a note to comment .
email telling them to chill out . " " " return " warning sent to %s " % ( self .
person_name , )
You 'll note it did n't actually do anything .
It does n't have to .
It 's just an example .
One additional thing to note is that the ' name ' parameter being passed in to the decorator is optional .
Without it , the method name will be used .
Here 's some screenshot love showing the appearance of the ' harass ' action :
and the page resulting from clicking on the action :
Your actions do n't have to do anything directly either .
They can return instructions that link to a full external view if you 'd like , or even just redirect out to an external app .
For example :
from django.contrib.admin.decorators import admin_action @admin_action ( name = ' Destroy for all time after formatting the system drive ' ) def burninate ( self ) : return " " " **********
Are you sure ?
Are you absolutely certain ?
Really ?
*************** < strong >< a href= " /some/dangerous/view/ %s /" >YES , I hate persistent storage </a></strong> < b > < a href= " ../../ " >
No , I 'm good .
l8 r ...</a > " " " % self .
id @admin_action ( name = " Vendor tasklet " ) def outsourced ( self ) : return " " " < scrip " " " + " " " t>document.location = " http://example.com/task?ctnt= %s " ; < /sc " " " + " " " ript > " " " % urlencode ( self .
content ) </ b >
Now you can easily hook in views for spell checking , signaling your edge - caching service , advanced lookups , entity extraction , sending to a mailing list , etc .
( BTW : I know the results pages are ugly .
Suggest a fix .
If there 's interest , I 'll submit this to django proper , but I know they 're working on a newforms admin anyway .
If you find this useful or have questions just drop me note here . )
UPDATE : I 've pulled down the latest 0.96.1 stable release , applied the patches to that and replaced the pathfile linked to above with something more people can use .
To apply it to your own django , try :
$ cd django / contrib / admin $ wget http://franxman.com/browsable/django-special-ops/specialops.diff
$ patch -- strip 0 < specialops.diff
And you 're off to the races , ready to add multiple delete , etc to your models .
If you 'd like to receive or contrib improvements , I 'm using bzr , so you can stay in sync with the whole thing by :
After approximately two months of heavy development , we 're ready to release the beta version of the StupidFilter .
We 've moved to a support vector machine algorithm and a much more sophisticated parser .
The classifier itself is about 30,000 times faster than the alpha code and should reduce false positives significantly .
The upshot is that we 're now ready to start putting the filter to work !
We expect to release a WordPress plugin in short order .
In the meantime , please feel free to download and build the filter and start working on your own plugins and implementations .
Check the downloads section for the beta release .
Additionally , try out the live demo .
Wanna help out ?
Environmental Effects of Increased Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide
Links , Authorship , and Address
ABSTRACT
A review of the research literature concerning the environmental consequences of increased levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide leads to the conclusion that increases during the 20th and early 21st centuries have produced no deleterious effects upon Earth 's weather and climate .
Increased carbon dioxide has , however , markedly increased plant growth .
Predictions of harmful climatic effects due to future increases in hydrocarbon use and minor greenhouse gases like CO2 do not conform to current experimental knowledge .
The environmental effects of rapid expansion of the nuclear and hydrocarbon energy industries are discussed .
SUMMARY
Political leaders gathered in Kyoto , Japan , in December 1997 to consider a world treaty restricting human production of " greenhouse gases , " chiefly carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
They feared that CO2 would result in " human - caused global warming " – hypothetical severe increases in Earth 's temperatures , with disastrous environmental consequences .
During the past 10 years , many political efforts have been made to force worldwide agreement to the Kyoto treaty .
When we reviewed this subject in 1998 ( 1,2 ) , existing satellite records were short and were centered on a period of changing intermediate temperature trends .
Additional experimental data have now been obtained , so better answers to the questions raised by the hypothesis of " human - caused global warming " are now available .
Figure 1 : Surface temperatures in the Sargasso Sea , a 2 million square mile region of the Atlantic Ocean , with time resolution of 50 to 100 years and ending in 1975 , as determined by isotope ratios of marine organism remains in sediment at the bottom of the sea ( 3 ) .
The horizontal line is the average temperature for this 3,000 - year period .
The Little Ice Age and Medieval Climate Optimum were naturally occurring , extended intervals of climate departures from the mean .
A value of 0.25 °C , which is the change in Sargasso Sea temperature between 1975 and 2006 , has been added to the 1975 data in order to provide a 2006 temperature value .
The average temperature of the Earth has varied within a range of about 3 °C during the past 3,000 years .
It is currently increasing as the Earth recovers from a period that is known as the Little Ice Age , as shown in Figure 1 .
George Washington and his army were at Valley Forge during the coldest era in 1,500 years , but even then the temperature was only about 1° Centigrade below the 3,000 - year average .
Figure 2 : Average length of 169 glaciers from 1700 to 2000 ( 4 ) .
The principal source of melt energy is solar radiation .
Variations in glacier mass and length are primarily due to temperature and precipitation ( 5,6 ) .
This melting trend lags the temperature increase by about 20 years , so it predates the 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use ( 7 ) even more than shown in the figure .
Hydrocarbon use could not have caused this shortening trend .
The most recent part of this warming period is reflected by shortening of world glaciers , as shown in Figure 2 .
Glaciers regularly lengthen and shorten in delayed correlation with cooling and warming trends .
Shortening lags temperature by about 20 years , so the current warming trend began in about 1800 .
Figure 3 : Arctic surface air temperature compared with total solar irradiance as measured by sunspot cycle amplitude , sunspot cycle length , solar equatorial rotation rate , fraction of penumbral spots , and decay rate of the 11 - year sunspot cycle ( 8,9 ) .
Solar irradiance correlates well with Arctic temperature , while hydrocarbon use ( 7 ) does not correlate .
Atmospheric temperature is regulated by the sun , which fluctuates in activity as shown in Figure 3 ; by the greenhouse effect , largely caused by atmospheric water vapor ( H2O ) ; and by other phenomena that are more poorly understood .
While major greenhouse gas H2O substantially warms the Earth , minor greenhouse gases such as CO2 have little effect , as shown in Figures 2 and 3 .
The 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use since 1940 has had no noticeable effect on atmospheric temperature or on the trend in glacier length .
While Figure 1 is illustrative of most geographical locations , there is great variability of temperature records with location and regional climate .
Comprehensive surveys of published temperature records confirm the principal features of Figure 1 , including the fact that the current Earth temperature is approximately 1 °C lower than that during the Medieval Climate Optimum 1,000 years ago ( 11,12 ) .
Figure 4 : Annual mean surface temperatures in the contiguous United States between 1880 and 2006 ( 10 ) .
The slope of the least - squares trend line for this 127 - year record is 0.5 ºC per century .
Surface temperatures in the United States during the past century reflect this natural warming trend and its correlation with solar activity , as shown in Figures 4 and 5 .
Compiled U.S. surface temperatures have increased about 0.5 °C per century , which is consistent with other historical values of 0.4 to 0.5 °C per century during the recovery from the Little Ice Age ( 13 - 17 ) .
This temperature change is slight as compared with other natural variations , as shown in Figure 6 .
Three intermediate trends are evident , including the decreasing trend used to justify fears of " global cooling " in the 1970s .
Figure 5 : U.S. surface temperature from Figure 4 as compared with total solar irradiance ( 19 ) from Figure 3 .
Between 1900 and 2000 , on absolute scales of solar irradiance and degrees Kelvin , solar activity increased 0.19 % , while a 0.5 °C temperature change is 0.21 % .
This is in good agreement with estimates that Earth 's temperature would be reduced by 0.6 °C through particulate blocking of the sun by 0.2 % ( 18 ) .
Figure 6 : Comparison between the current U.S. temperature change per century , the 3,000 - year temperature range in Figure 1 , seasonal and diurnal range in Oregon , and seasonal and diurnal range throughout the Earth .
Solar activity and U.S. surface temperature are closely correlated , as shown in Figure 5 , but U.S. surface temperature and world hydrocarbon use are not correlated , as shown in Figure 13 .
The U.S. temperature trend is so slight that , were the temperature change which has taken place during the 20th and 21st centuries to occur in an ordinary room , most of the people in the room would be unaware of it .
Figure 7 : Annual precipitation in the contiguous 48 United States between 1895 and 2006 .
U.S. National Climatic Data Center , U.S. Department of Commerce 2006 Climate Review ( 20 ) .
The trend shows an increase in rainfall of 1.8 inches per century – approximately 6 % per century .
During the current period of recovery from the Little Ice Age , the U.S. climate has improved somewhat , with more rainfall , fewer tornados , and no increase in hurricane activity , as illustrated in Figures 7 to 10 .
Sea level has trended upward for the past 150 years at a rate of 7 inches per century , with 3 intermediate uptrends and 2 periods of no increase as shown in Figure 11 .
These features are confirmed by the glacier record as shown in Figure 12 .
If this trend continues as did that prior to the Medieval Climate Optimum , sea level would be expected to rise about 1 foot during the next 200 years .
As shown in Figures 2 , 11 , and 12 , the trends in glacier shortening and sea level rise began a century before the 60 - year 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use , and have not changed during that increase .
Hydrocarbon use could not have caused these trends .
Figure 8 : Annual number of strong - to - violent category F3 to F5 tornados during the March - to - August tornado season in the U.S. between 1950 and 2006 .
U.S. National Climatic Data Center , U.S. Department of Commerce 2006 Climate Review ( 20 ) .
During this period , world hydrocarbon use increased 6 - fold , while violent tornado frequency decreased by 43 % .
During the past 50 years , atmospheric CO2 has increased by 22 % .
Much of that CO2 increase is attributable to the 6 - fold increase in human use of hydrocarbon energy .
Figures 2 , 3 , 11 , 12 , and 13 show , however , that human use of hydrocarbons has not caused the observed increases in temperature .
The increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide has , however , had a substantial environmental effect .
Atmospheric CO2 fertilizes plants .
Higher CO2 enables plants to grow faster and larger and to live in drier climates .
Plants provide food for animals , which are thereby also enhanced .
The extent and diversity of plant and animal life have both increased substantially during the past half - century .
Increased temperature has also mildly stimulated plant growth .
Figure 9 : Annual number of Atlantic hurricanes that made landfall between 1900 and 2006 ( 21 ) .
Line is drawn at mean value .
Does a catastrophic amplification of these trends with damaging climatological consequences lie ahead ?
There are no experimental data that suggest this .
There is also no experimentally validated theoretical evidence of such an amplification .
Predictions of catastrophic global warming are based on computer climate modeling , a branch of science still in its infancy .
The empirical evidence – actual measurements of Earth 's temperature and climate – shows no man-made warming trend .
Indeed , during four of the seven decades since 1940 when average CO2 levels steadily increased , U.S. average temperatures were actually decreasing .
While CO2 levels have increased substantially and are expected to continue doing so and humans have been responsible for part of this increase , the effect on the environment has been benign .
There is , however , one very dangerous possibility .
Our industrial and technological civilization depends upon abundant , low - cost energy .
This civilization has already brought unprecedented prosperity to the people of the more developed nations .
Billions of people in the less developed nations are now lifting themselves from poverty by adopting this technology .
Figure 10 : Annual number of violent hurricanes and maximum attained wind speed during those hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean between 1944 and 2006 ( 22,23 ) .
There is no upward trend in either of these records .
During this period , world hydrocarbon use increased 6 - fold .
Lines are mean values .
Hydrocarbons are essential sources of energy to sustain and extend prosperity .
This is especially true of the developing nations , where available capital and technology are insufficient to meet rapidly increasing energy needs without extensive use of hydrocarbon fuels .
If , through misunderstanding of the underlying science and through misguided public fear and hysteria , mankind significantly rations and restricts the use of hydrocarbons , the worldwide increase in prosperity will stop .
The result would be vast human suffering and the loss of hundreds of millions of human lives .
Moreover , the prosperity of those in the developed countries would be greatly reduced .
Figure 11 : Global sea level measured by surface gauges between 1807 and 2002 ( 24 ) and by satellite between 1993 and 2006 ( 25 ) .
Satellite measurements are shown in gray and agree with tide gauge measurements .
The overall trend is an increase of 7 inches per century .
Intermediate trends are 9 , 0 , 12 , 0 , and 12 inches per century , respectively .
This trend lags the temperature increase , so it predates the increase in hydrocarbon use even more than is shown .
It is unaffected by the very large increase in hydrocarbon use .
Mild ordinary natural increases in the Earth 's temperature have occurred during the past two to three centuries .
These have resulted in some improvements in overall climate and also some changes in the landscape , such as a reduction in glacier lengths and increased vegetation in colder areas .
Far greater changes have occurred during the time that all current species of animals and plants have been on the Earth .
The relative population sizes of the species and their geographical distributions vary as they adapt to changing conditions .
Figure 12 : Glacier shortening ( 4 ) and sea level rise ( 24,25 ) .
Gray area designates estimated range of error in the sea level record .
These measurements lag air temperature increases by about 20 years .
So , the trends began more than a century before increases in hydrocarbon use .
The temperature of the Earth is continuing its process of fluctuation in correlation with variations in natural phenomena .
Mankind , meanwhile , is moving some of the carbon in coal , oil , and natural gas from below ground to the atmosphere and surface , where it is available for conversion into living things .
We are living in an increasingly lush environment of plants and animals as a result .
This is an unexpected and wonderful gift from the Industrial Revolution .
ATMOSPHERIC AND SURFACE TEMPERATURES
Atmospheric and surface temperatures have been recovering from an unusually cold period .
During the time between 200 and 500 years ago , the Earth was experiencing the " Little Ice Age . "
It had descended into this relatively cool period from a warm interval about 1,000 years ago known as the " Medieval Climate Optimum . "
This is shown in Figure 1 for the Sargasso Sea .
During the Medieval Climate Optimum , temperatures were warm enough to allow the colonization of Greenland .
These colonies were abandoned after the onset of colder temperatures .
For the past 200 to 300 years , Earth temperatures have been gradually recovering ( 26 ) .
Sargasso Sea temperatures are now approximately equal to the average for the previous 3,000 years .
The historical record does not contain any report of " global warming " catastrophes , even though temperatures have been higher than they are now during much of the last three millennia .
The 3,000 - year range of temperatures in the Sargasso Sea is typical of most places .
Temperature records vary widely with geographical location as a result of climatological characteristics unique to those specific regions , so an " average " Earth temperature is less meaningful than individual records ( 27 ) .
So called " global " or " hemispheric " averages contain errors created by averaging systematically different aspects of unique geographical regions and by inclusion of regions where temperature records are unreliable .
Three key features of the temperature record – the Medieval Climate Optimum , the Little Ice Age , and the Not - Unusual - Temperature of the 20th century – have been verified by a review of local temperature and temperature - correlated records throughout the world ( 11 ) , as summarized in Table 1 .
Each record was scored with respect to those queries to which it applied .
The experimental and historical literature definitively confirms the primary features of Figure 1 .
Table 1 : Comprehensive review of all instances in which temperature or temperature - correlated records from localities throughout the world permit answers to queries concerning the existence of the Medieval Climate Optimum , the Little Ice Age , and an unusually warm anomaly in the 20th century ( 11 ) .
The compiled and tabulated answers confirm the three principal features of the Sargasso Sea record shown in Figure 1 .
The probability that the answer to the query in column 1 is " yes " is given in column 5 .
Most geographical locations experienced both the Medieval Climate Optimum and the Little Ice Age – and most locations did not experience temperatures that were unusually warm during the 20th century .
A review of 23 quantitative records has demonstrated that mean and median world temperatures in 2006 were , on average , approximately 1 °C or 2 °F cooler than in the Medieval Period ( 12 ) .
Figure 13 : Seven independent records – solar activity ( 9 ) ; Northern Hemisphere , ( 13 ) , Arctic ( 28 ) , global ( 10 ) , and U.S. ( 10 ) annual surface air temperatures ; sea level ( 24,25 ) ; and glacier length ( 4 ) – all qualitatively confirm each other by exhibiting three intermediate trends – warmer , cooler , and warmer .
Sea level and glacier length are shown minus 20 years , correcting for their 20 - year lag of atmospheric temperature .
Solar activity , Northern Hemisphere temperature , and glacier lengths show a low in about 1800 .
Hydrocarbon use ( 7 ) is uncorrelated with temperature .
Temperature rose for a century before significant hydrocarbon use .
Temperature rose between 1910 and 1940 , while hydrocarbon use was almost unchanged .
Temperature then fell between 1940 and 1972 , while hydrocarbon use rose by 330 % .
Also , the 150 to 200 - year slopes of the sea level and glacier trends were unchanged by the very large increase in hydrocarbon use after 1940 .
World glacier length ( 4 ) and world sea level ( 24,25 ) measurements provide records of the recent cycle of recovery .
Warmer temperatures diminish glaciers and cause sea level to rise because of decreased ocean water density and other factors .
These measurements show that the trend of 7 inches per century increase in sea level and the shortening trend in average glacier length both began a century before 1940 , yet 84 % of total human annual hydrocarbon use occurred only after 1940 .
Moreover , neither of these trends has accelerated during the period between 1940 and 2007 , while hydrocarbon use increased 6 - fold .
Sea level and glacier records are offset by about 20 years because of the delay between temperature rise and glacier and sea level change .
If the natural trend in sea level increase continues for another two centuries as did the temperature rise in the Sargasso Sea as the Earth entered the Medieval Warm Period , sea level would be expected to rise about 1 foot between the years 2000 and 2200 .
Both the sea level and glacier trends – and the temperature trend that they reflect – are unrelated to hydrocarbon use .
A further doubling of world hydrocarbon use would not change these trends .
Figure 12 shows the close correlation between the sea level and glacier records , which further validates both records and the duration and character of the temperature change that gave rise to them .
Figure 4 shows the annual temperature in the United States during the past 127 years .
This record has an upward trend of 0.5 ºC per century .
Global and Northern Hemisphere surface temperature records shown in Figure 13 trend upward at 0.6 ºC per century .
These records are , however , biased toward higher temperatures in several ways .
For example , they preferentially use data near populated areas ( 33 ) , where heat island effects are prevalent , as illustrated in Figure 15 .
A trend of 0.5 ºC per century is more representative ( 13 - 17 ) .
Figure 14 : Satellite microwave sounding unit ( blue ) measurements of tropospheric temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere between 0 and 82.5 N , Southern Hemisphere between 0 and 82.5 S , tropics between 20S and 20N , and the globe between 82.5N and 82.5S between 1979 and 2007 ( 29 ) , and radiosonde balloon ( red ) measurements in the tropics ( 29 ) .
The balloon measurements confirm the satellite technique ( 29- 31 ) .
The warming anomaly in 1997 - 1998 ( gray ) was caused by El Niño , which , like the overall trends , is unrelated to CO2 ( 32 ) .
The U.S. temperature record has two intermediate uptrends of comparable magnitude , one occurring before the 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use and one during it .
Between these two is an intermediate temperature downtrend , which led in the 1970s to fears of an impending new ice age .
This decrease in temperature occurred during a period in which hydrocarbon use increased 3 - fold .
Seven independent records – solar irradiance ; Arctic , Northern Hemisphere , global , and U.S. annual average surface air temperatures ; sea level ; and glacier length – all exhibit these three intermediate trends , as shown in Figure 13 .
These trends confirm one another .
Solar irradiance correlates with them .
Hydrocarbon use does not .
The intermediate uptrend in temperature between 1980 and 2006 shown in Figure 13 is similar to that shown in Figure 14 for balloon and satellite tropospheric measurements .
This trend is more pronounced in the Northern Hemisphere than in the Southern .
Contrary to the CO2 warming climate models , however , tropospheric temperatures are not rising faster than surface temperatures .
Figure 6 illustrates the magnitudes of these temperature changes by comparing the 0.5 ºC per century temperature change as the Earth recovers from the Little Ice Age , the range of 50 - year averaged Atlantic ocean surface temperatures in the Sargasso Sea over the past 3,000 years , the range of day - night and seasonal variation on average in Oregon , and the range of day - night and seasonal variation over the whole Earth .
The two - century - long temperature change is small .
Tropospheric temperatures measured by satellite give comprehensive geographic coverage .
Even the satellite measurements , however , contain short and medium - term fluctuations greater than the slight warming trends calculated from them .
The calculated trends vary significantly as a function of the most recent fluctuations and the lengths of the data sets , which are short .
Figure 3 shows the latter part of the period of warming from the Little Ice Age in greater detail by means of Arctic air temperature as compared with solar irradiance , as does Figure 5 for U.S. surface temperature .
There is a close correlation between solar activity and temperature and none between hydrocarbon use and temperature .
Several other studies over a wide variety of time intervals have found similar correlations between climate and solar activity ( 15 , 34-39 ) .
Figure 3 also illustrates the uncertainties introduced by limited time records .
If the Arctic air temperature data before 1920 were not available , essentially no uptrend would be observed .
This observed variation in solar activity is typical of stars close in size and age to the sun ( 40 ) .
The current warming trends on Mars ( 41 ) , Jupiter ( 42 ) , Neptune ( 43,44 ) , Neptune 's moon Triton ( 45 ) , and Pluto ( 46 - 48 ) may result , in part , from similar relations to the sun and its activity – like those that are warming the Earth .
Hydrocarbon use and atmospheric CO2 do not correlate with the observed temperatures .
Solar activity correlates quite well .
Correlation does not prove causality , but non-correlation proves non-causality .
Human hydrocarbon use is not measurably warming the earth .
Moreover , there is a robust theoretical and empirical model for solar warming and cooling of the Earth ( 8,19,49,50 ) .
The experimental data do not prove that solar activity is the only phenomenon responsible for substantial Earth temperature fluctuations , but they do show that human hydrocarbon use is not among those phenomena .
Figure 15 : Surface temperature trends for 1940 to 1996 from 107 measuring stations in 49 California counties ( 51,52 ) .
The trends were combined for counties of similar population and plotted with the standard errors of their means .
The six measuring stations in Los Angeles County were used to calculate the standard error of that county , which is plotted at a population of 8.9 million .
The " urban heat island effect " on surface measurements is evident .
The straight line is a least - squares fit to the closed circles .
The points marked " X " are the six unadjusted station records selected by NASA GISS ( 53 - 55 ) for use in their estimate of global surface temperatures .
Such selections make NASA GISS temperatures too high .
The overall experimental record is self - consistent .
The Earth has been warming as it recovers from the Little Ice Age at an average rate of about 0.5 ºC per century .
Fluctuations within this temperature trend include periods of more rapid increase and also periods of temperature decrease .
These fluctuations correlate well with concomitant fluctuations in the activity of the sun .
Neither the trends nor the fluctuations within the trends correlate with hydrocarbon use .
Sea level and glacier length reveal three intermediate uptrends and two downtrends since 1800 , as does solar activity .
These trends are climatically benign and result from natural processes .
ATMOSPHERIC CARBON DIOXIDE
The concentration of CO2 in Earth 's atmosphere has increased during the past century , as shown in Figure 17 .
The magnitude of this atmospheric increase is currently about 4 gigatons ( Gt C ) of carbon per year .
Total human industrial CO2 production , primarily from use of coal , oil , and natural gas and the production of cement , is currently about 8 Gt C per year ( 7,56,57 ) .
Humans also exhale about 0.6
Gt C per year , which has been sequestered by plants from atmospheric CO2 .
Office air concentrations often exceed 1,000 ppm CO2 .
To put these figures in perspective , it is estimated that the atmosphere contains 780 Gt C ; the surface ocean contains 1,000 Gt C ; vegetation , soils , and detritus contain 2,000 Gt C ; and the intermediate and deep oceans contain 38,000 Gt C , as CO2 or CO2 hydration products .
Each year , the surface ocean and atmosphere exchange an estimated 90 Gt C ; vegetation and the atmosphere , 100 Gt C ; marine biota and the surface ocean , 50 Gt C ; and the surface ocean and the intermediate and deep oceans , 40 Gt C ( 56,57 ) .
So great are the magnitudes of these reservoirs , the rates of exchange between them , and the uncertainties of these estimated numbers that the sources of the recent rise in atmospheric CO2 have not been determined with certainty ( 58,59 ) .
Atmospheric concentrations of CO2 are reported to have varied widely over geological time , with peaks , according to some estimates , some 20 - fold higher than at present and lows at approximately 200 ppm ( 60 - 62 ) .
Ice - core records are reported to show seven extended periods during 650,000 years in which CO2 , methane ( CH4 ) , and temperature increased and then decreased ( 63-65 ) .
Ice - core records contain substantial uncertainties ( 58 ) , so these correlations are imprecise .
In all seven glacial and interglacial cycles , the reported changes in CO2 and CH4 lagged the temperature changes and could not , therefore , have caused them ( 66 ) .
These fluctuations probably involved temperature - caused changes in oceanic and terrestrial CO2 and CH4 content .
More recent CO2 fluctuations also lag temperature ( 67,68 ) .
Figure 16 : Temperature rise versus CO2 rise from seven ice - core measured interglacial periods ( 63-65 ) ; from calculations ( 69 ) and measurements ( 70 ) of sea water out - gassing ; and as measured during the 20th and 21st centuries ( 10,72 ) .
The interglacial temperature increases caused the CO2 rises through release of ocean CO2 .
The CO2 rises did not cause the temperature rises .
In addition to the agreement between the out - gassing estimates and measurements , this conclusion is also verified by the small temperature rise during the 20th and 21st centuries .
If the CO2 versus temperature correlation during the seven interglacials had been caused by CO2 greenhouse warming , then the temperature rise per CO2 rise would have been as high during the 20th and 21st centuries as it was during the seven interglacial periods .
In 1957 , Revelle and Seuss ( 69 ) estimated that temperature - caused out - gassing of ocean CO2 would increase atmospheric CO2 by about 7 % per °C temperature rise .
The reported change during the seven interglacials of the 650,000 - year ice core record is about 5 % per °C ( 63 ) , which agrees with the out - gassing calculation .
Between 1900 and 2006 , Antarctic CO2 increased 30 % per 0.1 °C temperature change ( 72 ) , and world CO2 increased 30 % per 0.5 °C .
In addition to ocean out - gassing , CO2 from human use of hydrocarbons is a new source .
Neither this new source nor the older natural CO2 sources are causing atmospheric temperature to change .
The hypothesis that the CO2 rise during the interglacials caused the temperature to rise requires an increase of about 6 °C per 30 % rise in CO2 as seen in the ice core record .
If this hypothesis were correct , Earth temperatures would have risen about 6 °C between 1900 and 2006 , rather than the rise of between 0.1 °C and 0.5 °C , which actually occurred .
This difference is illustrated in Figure 16 .
The 650,000 - year ice - core record does not , therefore , agree with the hypothesis of " human - caused global warming , " and , in fact , provides empirical evidence that invalidates this hypothesis .
Figure 17 : Atmospheric CO2 concentrations in parts per million by volume , ppm , measured spectrophotometrically at Mauna Loa , Hawaii , between 1958 and 2007 .
These measurements agree well with those at other locations ( 71 ) .
Data before 1958 are from ice cores and chemical analyses , which have substantial experimental uncertainties .
We have used 295 ppm for the period 1880 to 1890 , which is an average of the available estimates .
About 0.6
Gt C of CO2 is produced annually by human respiration and often leads to concentrations exceeding 1,000 ppm in public buildings .
Atmospheric CO2 has increased 22 % since 1958 and about 30 % since 1880 .
Carbon dioxide has a very short residence time in the atmosphere .
Beginning with the 7 to 10 - year half - time of CO2 in the atmosphere estimated by Revelle and Seuss ( 69 ) , there were 36 estimates of the atmospheric CO2 half - time based upon experimental measurements published between 1957 and 1992 ( 59 ) .
These range between 2 and 25 years , with a mean of 7.5 , a median of 7.6 , and an upper range average of about 10 .
Of the 36 values , 33 are 10 years or less .
Many of these estimates are from the decrease in atmospheric carbon 14 after cessation of atmospheric nuclear weapons testing , which provides a reliable half - time .
There is no experimental evidence to support computer model estimates ( 73 ) of a CO2 atmospheric " lifetime " of 300 years or more .
Human production of 8
Gt C per year of CO2 is negligible as compared with the 40,000 Gt C residing in the oceans and biosphere .
At ultimate equilibrium , human - produced CO2 will have an insignificant effect on the amounts in the various reservoirs .
The rates of approach to equilibrium are , however , slow enough that human use creates a transient atmospheric increase .
In any case , the sources and amounts of CO2 in the atmosphere are of secondary importance to the hypothesis of " human - caused global warming . "
It is human burning of coal , oil , and natural gas that is at issue .
CO2 is merely an intermediate in a hypothetical mechanism by which this " human - caused global warming " is said to take place .
The amount of atmospheric CO2 does have profound environmental effects on plant and animal populations ( 74 ) and diversity , as is discussed below .
CLIMATE CHANGE
While the average temperature change taking place as the Earth recovers from the Little Ice Age is so slight that it is difficult to discern , its environmental effects are measurable .
Glacier shortening and the 7 inches per century rise in sea level are examples .
There are additional climate changes that are correlated with this rise in temperature and may be caused by it .
Greenland , for example , is beginning to turn green again , as it was 1,000 years ago during the Medieval Climate Optimum ( 11 ) .
Arctic sea ice is decreasing somewhat ( 75 ) , but Antarctic ice is not decreasing and may be increasing , due to increased snow ( 76-79 ) .
In the United States , rainfall is increasing at about 1.8 inches per century , and the number of severe tornados is decreasing , as shown in Figures 7 and 8 .
If world temperatures continue to rise at the current rate , they will reach those of the Medieval Climate Optimum about 2 centuries from now .
Historical reports of that period record the growing of warm weather crops in localities too cold for that purpose today , so it is to be expected that the area of more temperate climate will expand as it did then .
This is already being observed , as studies at higher altitudes have reported increases in amount and diversity of plant and animal life by more than 50 % ( 12,80 ) .
Atmospheric temperature is increasing more in the Northern Hemisphere than in the Southern , with intermediate periods of increase and decrease in the overall trends .
There has been no increase in frequency or severity of Atlantic hurricanes during the period of 6 - fold increase in hydrocarbon use , as is illustrated in Figures 9 and 10 .
Numbers of violent hurricanes vary greatly from year to year and are no greater now than they were 50 years ago .
Similarly , maximum wind speeds have not increased .
All of the observed climate changes are gradual , moderate , and entirely within the bounds of ordinary natural changes that have occurred during the benign period of the past few thousand years .
There is no indication whatever in the experimental data that an abrupt or remarkable change in any of the ordinary natural climate variables is beginning or will begin to take place .
GLOBAL WARMING HYPOTHESIS
The greenhouse effect amplifies solar warming of the earth .
Greenhouse gases such as H2O , CO2 , and CH4 in the Earth 's atmosphere , through combined convective readjustments and the radiative blanketing effect , essentially decrease the net escape of terrestrial thermal infrared radiation .
Increasing CO2 , therefore , effectively increases radiative energy input to the Earth 's atmosphere .
The path of this radiative input is complex .
It is redistributed , both vertically and horizontally , by various physical processes , including advection , convection , and diffusion in the atmosphere and ocean .
Figure 18 : Qualitative illustration of greenhouse warming .
" Present GHE " is the current greenhouse effect from all atmospheric phenomena .
" Radiative effect of CO2 " is the added greenhouse radiative effect from doubling CO2 without consideration of other atmospheric components .
" Hypothesis 1 IPCC " is the hypothetical amplification effect assumed by IPCC .
" Hypothesis 2 " is the hypothetical moderation effect .
When an increase in CO2 increases the radiative input to the atmosphere , how and in which direction does the atmosphere respond ?
Hypotheses about this response differ and are schematically shown in Figure 18 .
Without the water - vapor greenhouse effect , the Earth would be about 14 ºC cooler ( 81 ) .
The radiative contribution of doubling atmospheric CO2 is minor , but this radiative greenhouse effect is treated quite differently by different climate hypotheses .
The hypotheses that the IPCC ( 82,83 ) has chosen to adopt predict that the effect of CO2 is amplified by the atmosphere , especially by water vapor , to produce a large temperature increase .
Other hypotheses , shown as hypothesis 2 , predict the opposite – that the atmospheric response will counteract the CO2 increase and result in insignificant changes in global temperature ( 81,84,85,91,92 ) .
The experimental evidence , as described above , favors hypothesis 2 .
While CO2 has increased substantially , its effect on temperature has been so slight that it has not been experimentally detected .
Figure 19 : The radiative greenhouse effect of doubling the concentration of atmospheric CO2 ( right bar ) as compared with four of the uncertainties in the computer climate models ( 87,93 ) .
The computer climate models upon which " human - caused global warming " is based have substantial uncertainties and are markedly unreliable .
This is not surprising , since the climate is a coupled , non-linear dynamical system .
It is very complex .
Figure 19 illustrates the difficulties by comparing the radiative CO2 greenhouse effect with correction factors and uncertainties in some of the parameters in the computer climate calculations .
Other factors , too , such as the chemical and climatic influence of volcanoes , cannot now be reliably computer modeled .
In effect , an experiment has been performed on the Earth during the past half - century – an experiment that includes all of the complex factors and feedback effects that determine the Earth 's temperature and climate .
Since 1940 , hydrocarbon use has risen 6 - fold .
Yet , this rise has had no effect on the temperature trends , which have continued their cycle of recovery from the Little Ice Age in close correlation with increasing solar activity .
Not only has the global warming hypothesis failed experimental tests , it is theoretically flawed as well .
It can reasonably be argued that cooling from negative physical and biological feedbacks to greenhouse gases nullifies the slight initial temperature rise ( 84,86 ) .
The reasons for this failure of the computer climate models are subjects of scientific debate ( 87 ) .
For example , water vapor is the largest contributor to the overall greenhouse effect ( 88 ) .
It has been suggested that the climate models treat feedbacks from clouds , water vapor , and related hydrology incorrectly ( 85,89 - 92 ) .
The global warming hypothesis with respect to CO2 is not based upon the radiative properties of CO2 itself , which is a very weak greenhouse gas .
It is based upon a small initial increase in temperature caused by CO2 and a large theoretical amplification of that temperature increase , primarily through increased evaporation of H2O , a strong greenhouse gas .
Any comparable temperature increase from another cause would produce the same calculated outcome .
Figure 20 : Global atmospheric methane concentration in parts per million between 1982 and 2004 ( 94 ) .
Thus , the 3,000 - year temperature record illustrated in Figure 1 also provides a test of the computer models .
The historical temperature record shows that the Earth has previously warmed far more than could be caused by CO2 itself .
Since these past warming cycles have not initiated water - vapor - mediated atmospheric warming catastrophes , it is evident that weaker effects from CO2 cannot do so .
Methane is also a minor greenhouse gas .
World CH4 levels are , as shown in Figure 20 , leveling off .
In the U.S. in 2005 , 42 % of human - produced methane was from hydrocarbon energy production , 28 % from waste management , and 30 % from agriculture ( 95 ) .
The total amount of CH4 produced from these U.S. sources decreased 7 % between 1980 and 2005 .
Moreover , the record shows that , even while methane was increasing , temperature trends were benign .
The " human - caused global warming " – often called the " global warming " – hypothesis depends entirely upon computer model - generated scenarios of the future .
There are no empirical records that verify either these models or their flawed predictions ( 96 ) .
Claims ( 97 ) of an epidemic of insect - borne diseases , extensive species extinction , catastrophic flooding of Pacific islands , ocean acidification , increased numbers and severities of hurricanes and tornados , and increased human heat deaths from the 0.5 °C per century temperature rise are not consistent with actual observations .
The " human - caused global warming " hypothesis and the computer calculations that support it are in error .
They have no empirical support and are invalidated by numerous observations .
WORLD TEMPERATURE CONTROL
World temperature is controlled by natural phenomena .
What steps could mankind take if solar activity or other effects began to shift the Earth toward temperatures too cold or too warm for optimum human life ?
First , it would be necessary to determine what temperature humans feel is optimum .
It is unlikely that the chosen temperature would be exactly that which we have today .
Second , we would be fortunate if natural forces were to make the Earth too warm rather than too cold because we can cool the Earth with relative ease .
We have no means by which to warm it .
Attempting to warm the Earth with addition of CO2 or to cool the Earth by restrictions of CO2 and hydrocarbon use would , however , be futile .
Neither would work .
Inexpensively blocking the sun by means of particles in the upper atmosphere would be effective .
S.S. Penner , A.M. Schneider , and E. M. Kennedy have proposed ( 98 ) that the exhaust systems of commercial airliners could be tuned in such a way as to eject particulate sun-blocking material into the upper atmosphere .
Later , Edward Teller similarly suggested ( 18 ) that particles could be injected into the atmosphere in order to reduce solar heating and cool the Earth .
Teller estimated a cost of between $ 500 million and $ 1 billion per year for between 1 ºC and 3 ºC of cooling .
Both methods use particles so small that they would be invisible from the Earth .
These methods would be effective and economical in blocking solar radiation and reducing atmospheric and surface temperatures .
There are other similar proposals ( 99 ) .
World energy rationing , on the other hand , would not work .
The climate of the Earth is now benign .
If temperatures become too warm , this can easily be corrected .
If they become too cold , we have no means of response – except to maximize nuclear and hydrocarbon energy production and technological advance .
This would help humanity adapt and might lead to new mitigation technology .
FERTILIZATION OF PLANTS BY CO2
How high will the CO2 concentration of the atmosphere ultimately rise if mankind continues to increase the use of coal , oil , and natural gas ?
At ultimate equilibrium with the ocean and other reservoirs there will probably be very little increase .
The current rise is a non-equilibrium result of the rate of approach to equilibrium .
One reservoir that would moderate the increase is especially important .
Plant life provides a large sink for CO2 .
Using current knowledge about the increased growth rates of plants and assuming increased CO2 release as compared to current emissions , it has been estimated that atmospheric CO2 levels may rise to about 600 ppm before leveling off .
At that level , CO2 absorption by increased Earth biomass is able to absorb about 10 Gt C per year ( 100 ) .
At present , this absorption is estimated to be about 3
Gt C per year ( 57 ) .
About 30 % of this projected rise from 295 to 600 ppm has already taken place , without causing unfavorable climate changes .
Moreover , the radiative effects of CO2 are logarithmic ( 101,102 ) , so more than 40 % of any climatic influences have already occurred .
As atmospheric CO2 increases , plant growth rates increase .
Also , leaves transpire less and lose less water as CO2 increases , so that plants are able to grow under drier conditions .
Animal life , which depends upon plant life for food , increases proportionally .
Figure 21 : Standard deviation from the mean of tree ring widths for ( a ) bristlecone pine , limber pine , and fox tail pine in the Great Basin of California , Nevada , and Arizona and ( b ) bristlecone pine in Colorado ( 110 ) .
Tree ring widths were averaged in 20 - year segments and then normalized so that the means of prior tree growth were zero .
The deviations from the means are shown in units of standard deviations of those means .
Figures 21 to 24 show examples of experimentally measured increases in the growth of plants .
These examples are representative of a very large research literature on this subject ( 103-109 ) .
As Figure 21 shows , long - lived 1,000 - to 2,000 - year - old pine trees have shown a sharp increase in growth during the past half - century .
Figure 22 shows the 40 % increase in the forests of the United States that has taken place since 1950 .
Much of this increase is due to the increase in atmospheric CO2 that has already occurred .
In addition , it has been reported that Amazonian rain forests are increasing their vegetation by about 900 pounds of carbon per acre per year ( 113 ) , or approximately 2 tons of biomass per acre per year .
Trees respond to CO2 fertilization more strongly than do most other plants , but all plants respond to some extent .
Figure 22 : Inventories of standing hardwood and softwood timber in the United States compiled in Forest Resources of the United States , 2002 , U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service ( 111,112 ) .
The linear trend cited in 1998 ( 1 ) with an increase of 30 % has continued .
The increase is now 40 % .
The amount of U.S. timber is rising almost 1 % per year .
Since plant response to CO2 fertilization is nearly linear with respect to CO2 concentration over the range from 300 to 600 ppm , as seen in Figure 23 , experimental measurements at different levels of CO2 enrichment can be extrapolated .
This has been done in Figure 24 in order to illustrate CO2 growth enhancements calculated for the atmospheric increase of about 88 ppm that has already taken place and those expected from a projected total increase of 305 ppm .
Wheat growth is accelerated by increased atmospheric CO2 , especially under dry conditions .
Figure 24 shows the response of wheat grown under wet conditions versus that of wheat stressed by lack of water .
The underlying data is from open - field experiments .
Wheat was grown in the usual way , but the atmospheric CO2 concentrations of circular sections of the fields were increased by arrays of computer - controlled equipment that released CO2 into the air to hold the levels as specified ( 115,116 ) .
Orange and young pine tree growth enhancement ( 117-119 ) with two atmospheric CO2 increases – that which has already occurred since 1885 and that projected for the next two centuries – is also shown .
The relative growth enhancement of trees by CO2 diminishes with age .
Figure 24 shows young trees .
Figure 23 : Summary data from 279 published experiments in which plants of all types were grown under paired stressed ( open red circles ) and unstressed ( closed blue circles ) conditions ( 114 ) .
There were 208 , 50 , and 21 sets at 300 , 600 , and an average of about 1350 ppm CO2 , respectively .
The plant mixture in the 279 studies was slightly biased toward plant types that respond less to CO2 fertilization than does the actual global mixture .
Therefore , the figure underestimates the expected global response .
CO2 enrichment also allows plants to grow in drier regions , further increasing the response .
Figure 23 summarizes 279 experiments in which plants of various types were raised under CO2 - enhanced conditions .
Plants under stress from less - than - ideal conditions – a common occurrence in nature – respond more to CO2 fertilization .
The selections of species in Figure 23 were biased toward plants that respond less to CO2 fertilization than does the mixture actually covering the Earth , so Figure 23 underestimates the effects of global CO2 enhancement .
Figure 24 : Calculated ( 1,2 ) growth rate enhancement of wheat , young orange trees , and very young pine trees already taking place as a result of atmospheric enrichment by CO2 from 1885 to 2007 ( a ) , and expected as a result of atmospheric enrichment by CO2 to a level of 600 ppm ( b ) .
Clearly , the green revolution in agriculture has already benefitted from CO2 fertilization , and benefits in the future will be even greater .
Animal life is increasing proportionally , as shown by studies of 51 terrestrial ( 120 ) and 22 aquatic ecosystems ( 121 ) .
Moreover , as shown by a study of 94 terrestrial ecosystems on all continents except Antarctica ( 122 ) , species richness – biodiversity – is more positively correlated with productivity – the total quantity of plant life per acre – than with anything else .
Atmospheric CO2 is required for life by both plants and animals .
It is the sole source of carbon in all of the protein , carbohydrate , fat , and other organic molecules of which living things are constructed .
Plants extract carbon from atmospheric CO2 and are thereby fertilized .
Animals obtain their carbon from plants .
Without atmospheric CO2 , none of the life we see on Earth would exist .
Water , oxygen , and carbon dioxide are the three most important substances that make life possible .
They are surely not environmental pollutants .
ENVIRONMENT AND ENERGY
The single most important human component in the preservation of the Earth 's environment is energy .
Industrial conversion of energy into forms that are useful for human activities is the most important aspect of technology .
Abundant inexpensive energy is required for the prosperous maintenance of human life and the continued advance of life - enriching technology .
People who are prosperous have the wealth required to protect and enhance their natural environment .
Currently , the United States is a net importer of energy as shown in Figure 25 .
Americans spend about $ 300 billion per year for imported oil and gas – and an additional amount for military expenses related to those imports .
Figure 25 : In 2006 , the United States obtained 84.9 % of its energy from hydrocarbons , 8.2 % from nuclear fuels , 2.9 % from hydroelectric dams , 2.1 % from wood , 0.8 % from biofuels , 0.4 % from waste , 0.3 % from geothermal , and 0.3 % from wind and solar radiation .
The U.S. uses 21 million barrels of oil per day – 27 % from OPEC , 17 % from Canada and Mexico , 16 % from others , and 40 % produced in the U.S. ( 95 ) .
The cost of imported oil and gas at $ 60 per barrel and $ 7 per 1,000 ft3 in 2007 is about $ 300 billion per year .
Political calls for a reduction of U.S. hydrocarbon use by 90 % ( 123 ) , thereby eliminating 75 % of America 's energy supply , are obviously impractical .
Nor can this 75 % of U.S. energy be replaced by alternative " green " sources .
Despite enormous tax subsidies over the past 30 years , green sources still provide only 0.3 % of U.S. energy .
Yet , the U.S. clearly cannot continue to be a large net importer of energy without losing its economic and industrial strength and its political independence .
It should , instead , be a net exporter of energy .
There are three realistic technological paths to American energy independence – increased use of hydrocarbon energy , nuclear energy , or both .
There are no climatological impediments to increased use of hydrocarbons , although local environmental effects can and must be accommodated .
Nuclear energy is , in fact , less expensive and more environmentally benign than hydrocarbon energy , but it too has been the victim of the politics of fear and claimed disadvantages and dangers that are actually negligible .
For example , the " problem " of high - level " nuclear waste " has been given much attention , but this problem has been politically created by U.S. government barriers to American fuel breeding and reprocessing .
Spent nuclear fuel can be recycled into new nuclear fuel .
It need not be stored in expensive repositories .
Reactor accidents are also much publicized , but there has never been even one human death associated with an American nuclear reactor incident .
By contrast , American dependence on automobiles results in more than 40,000 human deaths per year .
All forms of energy generation , including " green " methods , entail industrial deaths in the mining , manufacture , and transport of resources they require .
Nuclear energy requires the smallest amount of such resources ( 124 ) and therefore has the lowest risk of deaths .
Estimated relative costs of electrical energy production vary with geographical location and underlying assumptions .
Figure 26 shows a recent British study , which is typical .
At present , 43 % of U.S. energy consumption is used for electricity production .
To be sure , future inventions in energy technology may alter the relative economics of nuclear , hydrocarbon , solar , wind , and other methods of energy generation .
These inventions cannot , however , be forced by political fiat , nor can they be wished into existence .
Alternatively , " conservation , " if practiced so extensively as to be an alternative to hydrocarbon and nuclear power , is merely a politically correct word for " poverty . "
The current untenable situation in which the United States is losing $ 300 billion per year to pay for foreign oil and gas is not the result of failures of government energy production efforts .
The U.S. government does not produce energy .
Energy is produced by private industry .
Why then has energy production thrived abroad while domestic production has stagnated ?
This stagnation has been caused by United States government taxation , regulation , and sponsorship of litigation , which has made the U.S. a very unfavorable place to produce energy .
In addition , the U.S. government has spent vast sums of tax money subsidizing inferior energy technologies for political purposes .
It is not necessary to discern in advance the best course to follow .
Legislative repeal of taxation , regulation , incentives to litigation , and repeal of all subsidies of energy generation industries would stimulate industrial development , wherein competition could then automatically determine the best paths .
Nuclear power is safer , less expensive , and more environmentally benign than hydrocarbon power , so it is probably the better choice for increased energy production .
Solid , liquid and gaseous hydrocarbon fuels provide , however , many conveniences , and a national infrastructure to use them is already in place .
Oil from shale or coal liquefaction is less expensive than crude oil at current prices , but its ongoing production costs are higher than those for already developed oil fields .
There is , therefore , an investment risk that crude oil prices could drop so low that liquefaction plants could not compete .
Nuclear energy does not have this disadvantage , since the operating costs of nuclear power plants are very low .
Figure 27 illustrates , as an example , one practical and environmentally sound path to U.S. energy independence .
At present 19 % of U.S. electricity is produced by 104 nuclear power reactors with an average generating output in 2006 of 870 megawatts per reactor , for a total of about 90 GWe ( gigawatts ) ( 125 ) .
If this were increased by 560 GWe , nuclear power could fill all current U.S. electricity requirements and have 230 GWe left over for export as electricity or as hydrocarbon fuels replaced or manufactured .
Figure 26 : Delivered cost per kilowatt hour of electrical energy in Great Britain in 2006 , without CO2 controls ( 126 ) .
These estimates include all capital and operational expenses for a period of 50 years .
Micro wind or solar are units installed for individual homes .
Thus , rather than a $ 300 billion trade loss , the U.S. would have a $ 200 billion trade surplus – and installed capacity for future U.S. requirements .
Moreover , if heat from additional nuclear reactors were used for coal liquefaction and gasification , the U.S. would not even need to use its oil resources .
The U.S. has about 25 % of the world 's coal reserves .
This heat could also liquify biomass , trash , or other sources of hydrocarbons that might eventually prove practical .
Figure 27 : Construction of one Palo Verde installation with 10 reactors in each of the 50 states .
Energy trade deficit is reversed by $ 500 billion per year , resulting in a $ 200 billion annual surplus .
Currently , this solution is not possible owing to misguided government policies , regulations , and taxation and to legal maneuvers available to anti-nuclear activists .
These impediments should be legislatively repealed .
The Palo Verde nuclear power station near Phoenix , Arizona , was originally intended to have 10 nuclear reactors with a generating capacity of 1,243 megawatts each .
As a result of public hysteria caused by false information – very similar to the human - caused global warming hysteria being spread today , construction at Palo Verde was stopped with only three operating reactors completed .
This installation is sited on 4,000 acres of land and is cooled by waste water from the city of Phoenix , which is a few miles away .
An area of 4,000 acres is 6.25 square miles or 2.5 miles square .
The power station itself occupies only a small part of this total area .
If just one station like Palo Verde were built in each of the 50 states and each installation included 10 reactors as originally planned for Palo Verde , these plants , operating at the current 90 % of design capacity , would produce 560 GWe of electricity .
Nuclear technology has advanced substantially since Palo Verde was built , so plants constructed today would be even more reliable and efficient .
Assuming a construction cost of $ 2.3 billion per 1,200 MWe reactor ( 127 ) and 15 % economies of scale , the total cost of this entire project would be $ 1 trillion , or 4 months of the current U.S. federal budget .
This is 8 % of the annual U.S. gross domestic product .
Construction costs could be repaid in just a few years by the capital now spent by the people of the United States for foreign oil and by the change from U.S. import to export of energy .
The 50 nuclear installations might be sited on a population basis .
If so , California would have six , while Oregon and Idaho together would have one .
In view of the great economic value of these facilities , there would be vigorous competition for them .
In addition to these power plants , the U.S. should build fuel reprocessing capability , so that spent nuclear fuel can be reused .
This would lower fuel cost and eliminate the storage of high - level nuclear waste .
Fuel for the reactors can be assured for 1,000 years ( 128 ) by using both ordinary reactors with high breeding ratios and specific breeder reactors , so that more fuel is produced than consumed .
About 33 % of the thermal energy in an ordinary nuclear reactor is converted to electricity .
Some new designs are as high as 48 % .
The heat from a 1,243 MWe reactor can produce 38,000 barrels of coal - derived oil per day ( 129 ) .
With one additional Palo Verde installation in each state for oil production , the yearly output would be at least 7 billion barrels per year with a value , at $ 60 per barrel , of more than $ 400 billion per year .
This is twice the oil production of Saudi Arabia .
Current proven coal reserves of the United States are sufficient to sustain this production for 200 years ( 128 ) .
This liquified coal exceeds the proven oil reserves of the entire world .
The reactors could produce gaseous hydrocarbons from coal , too .
The remaining heat from nuclear power plants could warm air or water for use in indoor climate control and other purposes .
Nuclear reactors can also be used to produce hydrogen , instead of oil and gas ( 130,131 ) .
The current cost of production and infrastructure is , however , much higher for hydrogen than for oil and gas .
Technological advance reduces cost , but usually not abruptly .
A prescient call in 1800 for the world to change from wood to methane would have been impracticably ahead of its time , as may be a call today for an abrupt change from oil and gas to hydrogen .
In distinguishing the practical from the futuristic , a free market in energy is absolutely essential .
Surely these are better outcomes than are available through international rationing and taxation of energy as has been recently proposed ( 82,83,97,123 ) .
This nuclear energy example demonstrates that current technology can produce abundant inexpensive energy if it is not politically suppressed .
There need be no vast government program to achieve this goal .
It could be reached simply by legislatively removing all taxation , most regulation and litigation , and all subsidies from all forms of energy production in the U.S. , thereby allowing the free market to build the most practical mixture of methods of energy generation .
With abundant and inexpensive energy , American industry could be revitalized , and the capital and energy required for further industrial and technological advance could be assured .
Also assured would be the continued and increased prosperity of all Americans .
The people of the United States need more low - cost energy , not less .
If this energy is produced in the United States , it can not only become a very valuable export , but it can also ensure that American industry remains competitive in world markets and that hoped - for American prosperity continues and grows .
In this hope , Americans are not alone .
Across the globe , billions of people in poorer nations are struggling to improve their lives .
These people need abundant low - cost energy , which is the currency of technological progress .
In newly developing countries , that energy must come largely from the less technologically complicated hydrocarbon sources .
It is a moral imperative that this energy be available .
Otherwise , the efforts of these peoples will be in vain , and they will slip backwards into lives of poverty , suffering , and early death .
Energy is the foundation of wealth .
Inexpensive energy allows people to do wonderful things .
For example , there is concern that it may become difficult to grow sufficient food on the available land .
Crops grow more abundantly in a warmer , higher CO2 environment , so this can mitigate future problems that may arise ( 12 ) .
Energy provides , however , an even better food insurance plan .
Energy - intensive hydroponic greenhouses are 2,000 times more productive per unit land area than are modern American farming methods ( 132 ) .
Therefore , if energy is abundant and inexpensive , there is no practical limit to world food production .
Fresh water is also believed to be in short supply .
With plentiful inexpensive energy , sea water desalination can provide essentially unlimited supplies of fresh water .
During the past 200 years , human ingenuity in the use of energy has produced many technological miracles .
These advances have markedly increased the quality , quantity , and length of human life .
Technologists of the 21st century need abundant , inexpensive energy with which to continue this advance .
Were this bright future to be prevented by world energy rationing , the result would be tragic indeed .
In addition to human loss , the Earth 's environment would be a major victim of such a mistake .
Inexpensive energy is essential to environmental health .
Prosperous people have the wealth to spare for environmental preservation and enhancement .
Poor , impoverished people do not .
CONCLUSIONS
There are no experimental data to support the hypothesis that increases in human hydrocarbon use or in atmospheric carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are causing or can be expected to cause unfavorable changes in global temperatures , weather , or landscape .
There is no reason to limit human production of CO2 , CH4 , and other minor greenhouse gases as has been proposed ( 82,83,97,123 ) .
We also need not worry about environmental calamities even if the current natural warming trend continues .
The Earth has been much warmer during the past 3,000 years without catastrophic effects .
Warmer weather extends growing seasons and generally improves the habitability of colder regions .
As coal , oil , and natural gas are used to feed and lift from poverty vast numbers of people across the globe , more CO2 will be released into the atmosphere .
This will help to maintain and improve the health , longevity , prosperity , and productivity of all people .
The United States and other countries need to produce more energy , not less .
The most practical , economical , and environmentally sound methods available are hydrocarbon and nuclear technologies .
Human use of coal , oil , and natural gas has not harmfully warmed the Earth , and the extrapolation of current trends shows that it will not do so in the foreseeable future .
The CO2 produced does , however , accelerate the growth rates of plants and also permits plants to grow in drier regions .
Animal life , which depends upon plants , also flourishes , and the diversity of plant and animal life is increased .
Human activities are producing part of the rise in CO2 in the atmosphere .
Mankind is moving the carbon in coal , oil , and natural gas from below ground to the atmosphere , where it is available for conversion into living things .
We are living in an increasingly lush environment of plants and animals as a result of this CO2 increase .
Our children will therefore enjoy an Earth with far more plant and animal life than that with which we now are blessed .
REFERENCES
Last updated at 09:42 29 July 2005
A beautiful circle of pale blue , it looks like an exotic pool where travellers could take a dip .
But do n't even think about packing your swimming gear and heading there .
For this is a patch of ice sitting on the floor of a crater near the north pole of Mars .
The picture was taken by the high - resolution stereo camera on board the European Space Agency probe Mars Express .
Water
Scientists obtained definitive proof of water on Mars more than 18 months ago and since then have produced pictures of varying quality .
This is the most spectacular image to date .
The impact crater is located on Vastitas Borealis , a broad plain that covers much of the far northern Martian latitudes .
It is 21.7 miles wide and has a maximum depth of about 1.2 miles .
The circular patch of frozen water is present all year round .
Faint traces of ice are also visible along the rim of the crater and the crater walls .
A large dune field is thought to lie beneath the ice layer , some of which is exposed at the edge of the bright patch .
The existence of large bodies of water on Mars does not necessarily mean there was , or is , life there .
But it makes it much more likely , although any such life is likely to be confined to primitive micro-organisms .
