Has your favorite market started its season ?
With the cost of food climbing and interest in local foods growing , you might be wondering how to get the most from your farmers market this season .
My husband and I manage one of the most progressive farmers markets in Colorado ( See that beauty up there ?
That ’s our market . ) , and in those six years , I ’ve come to find a few tips and tricks that will help you save money , find the best foods and make good relationships with your growers .
Go Early , but Not Too Early .
The best stuff goes fast .
A farmer may only have a single flat of ripe , juicy blackberries or a couple of pounds of fresh green peas , so arrive early to make sure you get the best pick of the market ’s high - demand , seasonal fruits and vegetables .
Take care , though , not to go too early : some markets disallow sales prior to the official hour and the sale you ask the farmer to make early may very well slow down set - up thus reducing the sales she or he can make later .
Or Go Late , but Not Too Late .
Farmers may discount their produce toward the end of the day .
No one wants to cart a half case of unsold tomatoes or peaches back to the farm where they have row after row ready for another harvest .
If your budget is tight , attending late may yield the best deals .
Sometimes , farmers discount their produce as much as 20 % by the end of the day just to get it sold so they do n’t have to take it back to the farm .
Of course , the rules and regulations of some markets actually disallow this sort of end - of - the - day blowout pricing , so keep that in mind if you ’re late to arrive .
Keep in mind that you should n’t expect this kind of discount , or ask for it ; rather , be aware that it is a practice that some farmers use .
Ask questions .
Rules and regulations vary wildly from market to market .
Just because it ’s at a farmers market , does n’t mean it ’s organically grown or even sold by the person who did the growing .
Now our farmers market has some of the strictest rules in the nation .
We require that all produce be Certified Organic or Certified Naturally Grown , that all meats , eggs and animal foods be pasture - raised and grass - fed .
Even prepared food vendors and concessionaires are required to only use Certified Organic ingredients .
We also audit every vendor to make sure those rules are adhered to .
Of course , our market is an anomoly – most markets do n’t have these kind of requirements and some have no regulations on what can be sold or who can sell it .
So , take the time to ask questions .
Do you spray ?
What do you spray ?
What are your cows eating ?
How much time do they spend on grass ?
Is your farm ever open to the public ?
Do you grow what you sell ?
Offer to help a market manager .
Market managers need help , too .
While customers bitch and moan about prices , or lack of out - of - season produce that has no place at a market ( seriously , guys ?
You want oranges in Colorado … in July ? ) and farmers are complaining because they know their rival got the sweet spot in the market ( FYI : there is no sweet spot in a market ) your market manager is busting his or her hump making sure vendors have change , tents are weighed down so they do n’t fly into your car during a wind gust , calling ambulances for heat stroke victims and sending that random dude who showed up trying to sell Chinese pocket knives home .
It ’s a lot of work , and they need a lot of help .
By offering to help , you not only support your market and the market manager ( market manager burnout is the # 1 reason for market failure according to a study commissioned by the Oregon Tilth Association ) , but also get to know your farmer .
And some markets , like ours , compensate volunteers with huge bags of fresh produce , grass - fed meats and pasture - raised eggs at the end of the day .
Bring Your Own Bags & Baskets
Most vendors do n’t supply and do n’t wish to supply customers with disposable bags .
Other markets , like ours , are designated zero - waste zones and do n’t allow vendors to bring new plastic bags for customer use .
By bringing your own bags , you reduce waste at the market and in your own home .
Plus , there ’s just something exceptionally beautiful about a basket brimming with bright green lettuce , dark red cherries , orange apricots and other lovely fruits and vegetables .
Bring a Cooler
Good markets offer considerably more than fruits and vegetables .
You ’ll find meats , fish , milk , cheese , yogurt , fermented foods and ready - to - eat items that require refrigeration .
By bringing a cooler , you can keep fresh foods that need to be kept cool cold and go back to spend more time at the market – listening to music , watching the kids participate in children ’s activities or lunching at one of the concessionaire ’s stands .
This way your lettuce wo n’t go limp , your berries wo n’t melt and your meat wo n’t thaw .
When I go to market I keep a cooler in my car , load up , and head right back .
Bring Cash and Small Bills
By bringing cash and small bills ( plenty of 5s and 1s ) , you ’ll spend less time checking out and more time shopping .
While bigger farmers markets usually have a credit card machine , they are cumbersome , costly and it can be hard to track them down .
Bigger vendors will usually offer credit card and debit card processing ; however , this privilege comes at the farmer ’s expense .
By bringing cash and – specifically – small bills , you keep money in your farmer ’s pocket and you make it easier for him to make change for the masses of folks who bring nothing but $ 20 bills from the nearby ATM .
Buy by the Case
You want to keep your miles - to - the - plate low and keep eating local foods year - round , so consider preserving the harvest and purchase by the case .
Buying by the case and in bulk quantities is cost - effective as most farmers will discount whole boxes of fruit and vegetables by 15 - 30 % – you may even enjoy a further discount if you commit to buying a case or two a week for the duration of the market .
With that level of commitment , you ’re getting wholesale prices .
And it ’s this way that I can manage to buy 30 lbs of local organic cabbage for just $ 0.75 / lb for homemade sauerkraut or sweet cherries for $ 1.50 / lb to freeze or dry .
Buy the Ugly Stuff
You can reduce your costs even further by purchasing # 2 fruits and vegetables .
Folks can be fickle about the food they eat and if that peach lacks just the right blush and if that apple is n’t perfectly round , they can be difficult to sell .
The flavor is the same and these fruits and vegetables are great to preserve for the winter months .
Cases of # 2 produce can be discounted as much as 50 % .
Take care , though , to check the produce thoroughly before making your purchase ; some unscrupulous farmers have tried to pass off moldy peaches or maggot - filled sour cherries as # 2 fruit ( I ’ve learned the hard way ) .
# 2 fruit means that the appearance is marred , but not the quality .
Know the Crop Calendar
You ’d laugh if you knew how often I have to field a question on why we do n’t sell bananas at our Colorado market , or why apples are n’t available in June or why cherries are n’t available in October .
If you want to eat in season , you need to respect the seasons .
Part of the pleasure of shopping at your local market is developing an appreciation of fresh , local foods at the height of their natural season .
If you ’re unsure when apricots will be in season or when the snap peas will stop producing ; visit the farmers market information booth .
Many markets produce a market - specific crop calendar that will tell you when various fruits and vegetables available at your local farmers market will begin and end .
If your market does n’t offer this service , your county cooperative extension office or your state ’s department of agriculture will .
Celebrate your market and your local farmers .
Buy fresh , buy local and buy in season .
This week a rather unusal and unexpected debate has been ongoing in the Irish Times here and here between two retired Gardaí concerning the policing of protests concerning the Corrib gas line .
Five years ago Shell announced its plans to commence building their onshore refinery for the gas located 80 km off the Mayo shoreline .
Local concerns at such plans had initially been raised in 2001 and in June 2005 the ‘ Rossport Five ’ were jailed for contempt of court for refusing to obey a High Court order not to intervene with the construction .
During the months they spent in prison the issue gained much national attention with rallies being held throughout the country .
The protests continued and in September 2006 the gardaí attempted to disrupt the picketers for the first time and since then there have been continual allegations and complaints of Garda use of force in the policing of these protests ( video evidence of these claims can be seen of a baton round here and of a guard pushing a man into a ditch here .
One campaigner , Maura Harrington has gone on hunger strike , and dozens have been arrested .
As recently as December 2009 , 3 men have been imprisoned in relation to the campaign , following their refusal to undertake community service .
As recent campaigns in Copenhagen , where almost a thousand protestors were forced to sit in lines on the road for hours without access to santiation facilities and London , when the policing of the G20 summit resulted in the death of Ian Tomlinson and the use of tactics such as ‘ kettling ’ , have epitomised public order policing is controversial and often results in extreme tactics being utilised .
The conflict with freedoms of assembly and the right to bodily integrity are clear .
On Tuesday , former Chief Superintendent for the Mayo division Tony McNamara argued that Garda in that division had handled the situation ‘ very well ’ since 2006 , when police numbers were increased to assist in the effort .
Accepting that the early stages of the protest saw a ‘ fundamental breakdown in trust ’ , he states that the baton charge , shown in the video above , was a ‘ technical deployment of batons ’ .
He cites the continuing high regard for the police in Mayo , referring to comments made to him by locals .
This is perhaps in contrast with the Garda Public attitude survey for 2008 , which shows a drop in confidence in the police in Mayo of 4.2 % that year .
Today , former Sergeant Benny McCabe , who retired from the force 20 years ago and is now a human rights observer described the policing of the protests as the ‘ anathema to the spirit of community policing ’:
“ I have worked as a human rights observer with the UN , the EU and hte OSCE in Cambodia , the Balkans , South Africa and in many post - conflict situations , but I have never been treated the way I was in Glengad in late June last year . ”
Mr McCabe has submitted a complaint to the Ombudsman Commission in relation to his treatment .
Many complaints are under consideration by GSOC in relation to the protests and indeed , given the number , GSOC had asked the Minister for Justice for permission to consider the cases in a consolidated fashion under s.106 of the Garda Siochana Act .
This would have allowed for an examination of the policing of the situation , rather than looking at case by case complaints .
The Minister did not give such permission , but instead the Ombudsman Commission conducted fully independent investigations into the complaints – one of the few occasions on which this has been done where the complaint does not appear to involve a criminal offence .
GSOC has stated that 75 % of complaints made concerning the Corrib gasline protests have been deemed admissible which is about 10 % higher than the normal rate of admissibility .
GSOC announced late last year that it has recommended to the Garda Commissioner that disciplinary action be taken against a senior member of the force in relation to an incident in which 20 civilians were injured .
The situation in Mayo and the policing of these protests should be a matter of very serious concern given the number of complaints and the footage eminating from the area .
Added to this is the financial implication : overtime and expenses for this policing operation have cost € 12.6 million from September 2006 to December 2009 .
We have seen before in Ireland that even where incontrovertible evidence of Garda assault exists , such as with the May Day Protests in Dublin , Guards may not be found guilty of assault .
The events in Mayo are of a much bigger scale .
Nothing in particular appears to have prompted this current debate but it certainly highlights the human rights concerns eminating from Mayo , and raises questions as to whether Gardaí involved have appropriate training and a sufficient understanding of the human rights aspects of this work .
The Obama administration is proposing major changes to the nation ’s No Child Left Behind education law .
The bipartisan No Child was signed into law eight years ago by President George W. Bush .
Critics say tens of thousands of schools have been branded as failing without any real resources or leadership to help improve them .
Failing schools are often closed , stranding children , teachers and administrators , and throwing communities into turmoil .
One proposed change is to eliminate the 2014 deadline for making every U.S. child “ academically proficient . ”
Such a deadline is “ utopian ” and unrealistic , Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said .
Other proposed changes include the way federal school financing is awarded .
Federal funds to schools would be based on academic progress , rather than by longstanding formulas that incorporate the number of low - income students and other factors .
Such an income - based formula for distributing tens of billions of dollars in federal aid have , for decades , been a mainstay of the annual budgeting process in the country ’s 14,000 school districts .
Standardized testing is perhaps the most controversial issue under the current law .
Educators , parents and students argue that standardized tests have many flaws and cannot tell the whole story of academic progress and learning .
In a statement after President Obama ’s State of the Union address , National Education Association President Dennis Van Roekel said standardized tests do not give an accurate assessment of student learning .
We have to “ stop this testing mania .
Students are so much more than a test score . ”
Van Roekel said student learning ca n’t be assessed accurately just “ one day out of the year . ”
He called for a more holistic assessment that could measure student learning , what they need to learn and the best practices for teachers .
Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers , is calling for an entirely new teacher evaluation system that includes drastic improvements .
Such initiatives should incorporate state standards that define teacher competence , and mentoring and support to assist teachers succeed in educating children .
Most teacher evaluation today is flawed because its too closely linked to scores students receive on standardized tests , she said .
“ The public education system , which teaches over 90 percent of our children , still operates on an Industrial Age model and does not prepare students for the 21st century economy , ” said Weingarten .
“ And No Child Left Behind has made it worse , creating the pedagogical equivalent of a factory , reducing learning to a conveyor belt of rote prep sessions and multiple choice tests . ”
Both unions say the current use of standardized tests result in “ teaching to the test , ” which gives short shrift to all subjects other than math and English .
Under the No Child law the nation ’s 98,000 public schools are required to use standardized test scores as the final determinant in issuing a failing score to an entire school .
A failing score means the school district would either close it down or fire the whole staff and radically restructure it .
Such standards cause teachers , school employees , low - income students and minority communities even further hardships , which they say already lacks proper resources and adequate economic support .
Obama administration officials say such a process fails to differentiate between schools in perpetual failure mode and schools where low - scoring students are improving with help and high - performing schools , which still appearing to neglect some low - scoring pupil .
The administration seeks to implement a system that would divide schools into more divisions , offer recognition to those succeeding and adequate resources to failing schools to help them improve .
The administration is not planning to abandon the current law ’s commitment to closing the achievement gap between minority and white students .
Encouraging teacher quality is also going to be a continued goal .
No Child has generated tremendous opposition over the years especially from educators who contend the system has set impossible goals for students and humiliates teachers and students when they fall short .
To date , the current law has labeled some 30,000 schools — or almost one - third of the nation ’s public schools — as “ in need of improvement , ” meaning they have missed the test scoring goals .
Teacher unions seemed cautiously optimistic about reforming No Child , although there are sticking points that include teacher merit pay based on test scores , and guaranteeing adequate resources to the nation ’s schools , especially federal funding commitments to what are called “ unfunded mandates . ”
For example , special education funding from the federal government is only a small percentage of the total costs to educate special needs children under the federal law , Individuals with Disabilities Education Act .
Third graders at Jane Addams Elementary School in Springfield , Ill. , watch and listen to President Barack Obama deliver a televised address to classrooms across America challenging them to work hard , set educational goals , and take responsibility for their learning , Sept. 8 , 2009 .
Seth Perlman /AP
i-ramen.net is an amazingly meticulous web site that chronicles one man 's daily consumption of different kinds of instant noodles since 1997 .
It appears from the way they 're numbered that he is now on his 4,308th bowl .
For each new type of instant noodle , he creates a thorough chart that includes a full ingredients list ; comments on texture , flavor , quantity , and price ; and a starred rating .
The first question that popped into my head while browsing his site was : I wonder how his health is !
And the second : How many flavors of instant ramen can there possibly be ?
Looking back at his archives , though , I see that at the end of 1998 , just over a year after starting this instant noodle journey , he had reached 227 flavors of ramen .
His more recent reviews include flavors from Korea , Thailand , India , and beyond .
Given his international reach and commitment to ramen , I suppose 4,000 + may be entirely possible .
( I did n't read every single review , so I can't say for sure whether there are duplicates . )
The site is in Japanese , but he also makes YouTube videos of his more recent exploits , which you can see here .
( Thanks , Vijay Karunamurthy ! )
Projects
Archives
Catch up on news , ideas and past projects .
The Superblue Archives
About Superblue
Superblue aims to have fun with our world .
Find out why we 're Super
People
The Superblue team ; who are they and where did they come from ?
See who 's who
Contact
Superblue Design Ltd .
( Reg. no. 5719940 )
40 Yonge Park
London
N4 3NT
United Kingdom
Tel : +44 ( 0)20 7607 4527
info@superblue.co.uk
Superblue are commercially insured by Simply Business .
View our policy details .
Doua Moua , 23 , played a menacing gangster in a Clint Eastwood movie , but Mr. Moua swears he really is a nice , gentle and rules - abiding fellow .
At least he was until he moved to New York City and unwittingly slipped into a world of lawlessness .
Mr. Moua lives with five roommates .
And in New York , home to some of the nation ’s highest rents and more than eight million people , many of them single , it is illegal for more than three unrelated people to live in an apartment or a house .
The law , for decades part of the city ’s Housing Maintenance Code , is little known , widely broken and infrequently enforced .
Three citations have been issued since July , according to the Department of Housing Preservation and Development .
When the law is enforced , it is usually because of a complaint from a neighbor or because inspectors spotted a violation while responding to a maintenance problem .
The violation is rarely written up unless it is accompanied by a host of others .
Rarer still are the tenants who call up the city to turn in their landlord .
Nine members of a Michigan - based anti-government militia that posted its military exercises on the Internet and allegedly plotted to kill police officers were indicted in Detroit on Monday on conspiracy and weapons charges .
The indictment said the Hutaree , which describes itself as a “ Christian warrior ” group , viewed all law enforcement as the enemy .
It said members planned a violent act to get the attention of the police , possibly by killing an officer at a traffic stop , then attacking the funeral procession with explosives .
Federal agents said the small group of extremists had hoped to trigger a military clash with the government , but did not suggest they were part of any larger movement .
In recent months , Hutaree members had conducted military exercises with live ammunition and allegedly tried to obtain materials for bombs that could be used as “ weapons of mass destruction . ”
The group also had discussed carrying out an attack in April , authorities said .
The arrests of the Hutaree members comes amid what the Southern Poverty Law Center , an Alabama nonprofit that tracks extremism , has called “ an explosion of new extremist groups and activism across the nation . ”
The organization has cited the economic downturn as a major reason for the change , and contends that the far right has been particularly animated by the election of the nation ’s first black president .
Those groups “ came roaring back after years out of the limelight , ” Mark Potok , director of the SPLC Intelligence Project , wrote in the group ’s latest report .
The group ’s activities were hardly a secret .
It maintained a website with videos of its men slogging through the woods and playing war games in military attire .
Prosecutors also said David Brian Stone , the group ’s leader , used the Internet to obtain information on explosives .
Detroit U.S. Atty .
Barbara McQuade said agents moved to arrest the nine over the weekend rather than wait for them to attack .
The indictment accuses them of conspiring “ to levy war against the United States . ”
Charges include seditious conspiracy , attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and possessing a firearm during a crime of violence .
“ The safety of the public and of the law enforcement community demanded intervention at this time , ” McQuade said .
“ This is an example of racial and extremist fringe groups which can be found throughout our society , ” said Andrew Arena , the FBI special agent in charge of the Detroit office .
“ The FBI takes such extremist groups seriously , especially those who would target innocent citizens and the law enforcement officers who protect the citizens of the United States . ”
Among those indicted along with Stone , 45 , were his wife , Tina , 44 -- both of Clayton , Mich . -- and two sons , Joshua , 21 , and David Jr. , 19 , of Adrian , Mich .
The Hutaree wore uniforms with the letters CCR , which stood for Colonial Christian Republic .
Their members stood out as extremists even among other militia activists in eastern Michigan .
The group ’s website , hutaree.com , describes its philosophy .
“ We believe that one day , as prophecy says , there will be an Antichrist , ” the site says .
“ All Christians must know this and prepare , just as Christ commanded .
. . .
Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword and stay alive using equipment . ”
The site features video clips of camouflage - clad people firing weapons and running around in the woods .
But unlike some militias , which emphasize the 2nd Amendment ’s right to bear arms and other constitutional rights , the Hutaree peppers its site with a mix of biblical references and conspiratorial language .
One blog post on the site argues that government unemployment checks are “ critical for the government to starve off revolution . ”
A section called “ Beast Watch ” warns against the “ 10 Horns of the European Super State . ”
The Southern Poverty Law Center first became aware of the group last year , when researchers discovered its MySpace page .
In February , the SPLC included two chapters of the Hutaree , in Utah and Michigan , on a list of militia groups .
The SPLC , in its recent report , noted an “ explosion of new extremist groups and activism ” fueled by “ broad - based populist anger at political , demographic and economic changes in America . ”
The group identified 512 “ patriot ” groups that were active in 2009 .
The group defines such groups as those that “ engage in groundless conspiracy theorizing , or advocate or adhere to extreme anti-government doctrines . ”
Some other members of the militia movement distanced themselves from Hutaree on Monday .
“ They talk about fighting the Antichrist and things like that , ” said Michael Vanderboegh , a former militia member and leading voice of the constitutionalist militia movement in a phone interview .
“ I ’m a Christian , OK ?
But that ’s so far around the bend I ca n’t see that bend from here . ”
Vanderboegh , 57 , of Pinson , Ala. , has played a part in the debate over the anger and frustration that is sweeping the American right .
To protest the new healthcare law , he called “ for the breaking of local city and county Democrat headquarters windows , ” and documented such vandalism as it made headlines around the nation on his blog .
Vanderboegh denounced the Hutaree militia group ’s “ nuttery ” on his site , but also wrote that the federal government was wading into sensitive territory with their arrests .
“ If , God forbid , shots had been exchanged , people killed , or buildings burned down a la Waco , we would be looking at a nationwide mobilization and civil war , ” he wrote .
david.savage@latimes.com
richard.fausset@ latimes.com
Since ModNation Racers announcement , gamers have been eagerly anticipating the extremely fun looking title .
Well gamers may be involved in some racing mayhem this upcoming holiday .
Sony has announced the beta exclusively for the PlayStation 3 , will begin this month .
To get in you will need to apply , but there are many ways of doing this .
If you picked up LittleBigPlanet : Game of the Year edition , you are in luck , as those who bought the GOTY edition will have a code within the case .
Another way to get in to the beta is if you are a subscriber of Qore , if you subscribe before December 15th , you will indeed receive a code .
The easiest way of getting a code via the games official website .
People who signed up before 3rd of December is guaranteed a code , if you sign up from today onwards you ’ll have a chance of getting mailed one , and if you do get in you will also receive an exclusive ModNation Racers theme .
If that ’s not enough to get you in , well the website have also said there will be more chances to enter , so keep checking the website out for more opportunities to get in .
So what are you waiting for ?
Get your engines started , time to enter one of the PlayStation ’s most exciting racers !
* EU inspectors see Greek deficit targets as hard to meet
* Rating agencies on alert for any deviation from targets
* Athens poised for bond issue , depending on markets
* European Commissioner Rehn to visit
Athens next week
* Bernanke wants answers on Goldman role in Greece
( Adds quotes , market moves )
By Dina Kyriakidou
ATHENS , Feb 25 ( Reuters ) - EU inspectors and ratings agencies piled pressure on Greece on Thursday to deliver promised cuts to its huge budget deficit , as Athens prepares to borrow on jittery markets in the middle of a debt crisis .
The European Union inspectors , visiting Athens with IMF experts , have delivered a grim assessment of the nation ’s economy , Greek government officials said .
Their message was that Athens will miss its targets for reducing the deficit without more of the spending cuts that have already brought Greeks out on to the streets .
“ Negotiations continue because they see a big slippage in targets , ” said a senior Greek finance ministry official who declined to be named .
But investors who must decide whether to buy more Greek debt when it issues a new 10 - year bond in the next few weeks , are anxious , and Moody ’s agency said it could downgrade the country ’s rating if Athens fails to meet its budget promises .
“ Sentiment is very nervous ; very , very jittery , ” said Charles Diebel , head of European rates strategy at Nomura .
“ It is all still about how bad this risk story gets . ” [ GVD / EUR ]
Greece ’s EU partners fear that the market volatility will spread to other euro zone countries which have big deficits to cover , such as Portugal and Spain .
DEEPER THAN EXPECTED
Inspectors from the European Commission and European Central Bank have told Greek authorities they see a deeper than expected recession and higher borrowing costs .
Together these factors will make it even tougher to meet the targets .
Greece shocked its EU peers and markets when it revealed after October elections the deficit would be 12.7 percent of GDP in 2009 , four times the EU limit .
The finance ministry official said the inspectors anticipate Greece can cut the deficit by about two percentage points , well short of a 4 percentage point target this year .
This would mean additional measures aimed at savings of about 4.8 billion euros ( $ 6.47 billion ) .
Any further steps would be announced after a visit next week by European Economic Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn to Athens .
Greeks are already unhappy with government austerity measures .
A one - day general strike crippled transport and public services on Wednesday , and tens of thousands marched through Athens to protest against EU - prescribed tax hikes and pay cuts .
However , analysts doubt such action will blow the government off course , and point to opinion polls suggesting that a majority of Greeks realise the situation is grave and will require painful measures .
[ ID: nLDE61N1TZ ]
On the debt market the gap between yields on Greek 10 - year bonds and the German equivalent hit 365 basis points on Thursday , up from 342 bps the previous day GR10YT=RREU10YT=RR and not far off the record of 400 bps .
This means the Greek bonds yield around 6.7 percent , more than double the 3.1 percent on German bonds , which are the euro zone benchmark .
Athens will therefore have to pay a very high interest rate when it returns to the debt markets , putting yet more strain on the budget .
MORE NEEDED
The Greek economy contracted 2 percent last year , worse than the 1.2 percent expected , in the first recession in 16 years .
Moody ’s Investors Service said on Thursday any changes in its Greek rating would depend on whether Athens was smoothly enacting its fiscal reform plans as promised .
[ ID :nTOE61O07J ]
Pierre Cailleteau , head of Moody ’s global sovereign ratings , said that if in the next couple of months he saw Athens is implementing its plan as promised , it could keep the rating where it is or stabilise the outlook .
“ Or if we see , based on evidence , that there is a deviation from the plan , we will change our rating accordingly , ” he told Reuters .
“ So a small deviation would lead to a small downgrade and a large deviation -- which we think is unlikely -- would lead to a large downgrade , ” Cailleteau said . [ n TOE61O07J ]
Athens is preparing to make its second bond issue this year , and officials have indicated it aims to do so in February or early March .
The country needs to raise about 20 billion euros to cover maturing debt in April and May .
EU partners are concerned the Greek debt crisis , which has pressured the euro , may spread to other countries on the euro zone periphery .
The German debt management agency head told Reuters Insider Television this was an acid test for the group .
“ I think if one of the 16 members would default , it would be a collapse of the whole system , ” German Finance Agency managing director Carl Heinz Daube told a bond conference in London .
[ ID: nLDE61O1HH ]
In Washington Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said U.S. regulators were looking into how Wall Street firms such as Goldman Sachs GS.N helped Greece to arrange derivatives deals that critics say were used to disguise the size of its deficits .
“ We are looking into a number of questions related to Goldman Sachs and other companies in their derivatives arrangements with Greece , ” Bernanke said .
[ ID :nN25251885 ]
( Additional reporting by Ingrid Melander , Kirsten Donovan , Glenn Somerville , Rika Otsuka , editing by David Stamp ) )
Warning : Stefan Geens , an expert in the use of Google Earth , has taken a close look at the Zimbabwe photos and he argues that they are the unfortunate result of misinterpreting Google post - processing and updating .
I am not an expert but at the present moment I find his analysis compelling and I have taken down the powerpoints in which I incorporated the flash animation produced by the Center for Global Development .
A few points of importance .
First , the sharply delineated lines in the photos dividing communal and privately owned land is real and is evidence consistent with the tragedy of the commons .
Geens writes to me :
The observation that the communal farmland seems worse off than the private farmland is a plausible one .
And since the Landsat imagery could well have been taken around the year 2000 ( or even earlier ) , Richardson 's image can reasonably be used to support the thesis that communal farmland is not as well managed as private land .
What can not be supported is the " animation " aspect which appears to show but in fact does not show a change over time .
I should note that I have no reason to think that there was any malfeasance on the part of the Center for Global Development , a great organization , or Craig Richardson who originally brought attention to the photos .
Indeed , my reading of Geens is that without some expert help it would be hard not to make some errors in interpreting Google images , which have a more complicated provenance than one would imagine .
In addition , Richardson emailed me that he showed the images to farmers and government agriculture officials in Zimbabwe who agreed that they were representative of what was going on on the ground .
( See also Geens on this point noting burning . )
Nevertheless , although the redistribution of land in Zimbabwe clearly led to a drop in productivity and output , the animation is not evidence on this point .
One interesting point about this episode is that the story and the flash animation have been on the CGD website for several years but the huge exposure of MR means that we can draw on the expertise of many people around the world .
Although I put some work into putting the powerpoints together I am pleased that we were able to correct this so quickly .
Original post follows but with PPs deleted .
—-
In 2000 Zimbabwe began to forcibly redistribute land from private but predominantly white - owned commercial farms to much poorer black farmers who toiled on communal lands .
Stunning pictures from Google Earth collected by Craig Richardson show the result .
Take a look at the Before picture .
The communal land on the left is dry , dusty and unproductive compared to the private farmland on the right which is green and dotted with blue ponds and lakes .
Why ?
There were two theories to explain this difference .
The Tragedy of the Commons – the farmers on the communal lands did not have the incentives to invest in the land and thus the land eroded and turned to desert .
The land on the right ( which was owned mostly by whites ) was better quality land .
Both theories could be true .
Regarding the latter explanation , however , notice that the dry communal lands on the left are sharply delineated from the green private farms on the right–so sharply that soil quality and rainfall alone are unlikely to explain the difference .
So what happened after the land was redistributed beginning in 2000 and all of it made communal ?
Click on the arrow to progress between before and after photos
After reform the land quality worsened everywhere .
In particular , note that the blue lakes and ponds on the right became dry and empty as farmers no longer had an incentive to invest in maintaining these resources .
The tragedy of the commons .
This excellent visual look at the tragedy of the commons was produced by
Todd Moss at The Center for Global Development based on pictures and
ideas from Craig Richardson .
Of course Zimbabwe had many problems before and after this forcible land redistribution .
You can find more pictures , background information and a lengthier discussion of this episode here .
Thirty - one journalists were killed in the Philippines ' Maguindanao massacre
Seventy journalists were killed in 2009 , making it the worst year since records began 30 years ago , the Committee to Protect Journalists says .
A massacre of 31 journalists in the Philippines and other deaths took the total past the 2007 record of 67 .
Some 150 journalists are currently in jail , including 23 in Iran where the CJP says the authorities have in effect criminalised journalism .
The group said online journalists were particularly vulnerable to repression .
According to its report , Attacks on the Press 2009 , online reporters made up more than half of the news workers in prison worldwide .
As in the previous 10 years , China remained the world 's worst jailer of journalists - with 24 being held .
China was followed by Iran , Cuba , Eritrea and Burma .
Speaking at a news conference at the UN , CPJ officials said international pressure was still the most effective way to combat both government repression and impunity for non-state players who attacked journalists , the BBC's Barbara Plett reports from the United Nations headquarters in New York .
The growth of new media - such as blogs and social networking sites - had created new opportunities to fight repression and censorship , they said .
But CPJ officials warned that states like China and Tunisia can sabotage such technologies and turn them against journalists .
It noted in particular that Tehran was using online social networks to go after dissidents and reporters .
" Creating vibrant and secure global media requires new strategic thinking to bring killers to justice , to reduce the number of journalists in jail , and to support reporters working in exile or in repressive environments , " CPJ executive director Joel Simon wrote in the report 's introduction .
Google has not given up on Pixel 's Soli Radar and Motion Sense gestures yet
Back in December Nancy Lebovitz commented here that the book Hard Facts , Dangerous Half - Truths And Total Nonsense : Profiting From Evidence - Based Management “ may be may be of interest to any contrarian ”
She is quite right .
So much so that I will do a series of posts quoting from it .
Here is Hard Facts on mergers :
Study after study shows that most mergers – some estimates are 70 percent or more – fail to deliver their intended benefits and destroy economic value in the process .
A recent analysis of 93 studies covering more than 200,000 mergers published in peer - reviewed journals showed that , on average , the negative effects of a merger on shareholder value become evident less than a month after a merger is announced and persist thereafter . …
More thoughtful leaders might do what Cisco Systems has done – figure out the factors associated with successful and unsuccessful mergers and then actually use those insights to guide behavior .
…
A Fortune article on bad mergers noted that “ infrastructure giant Cisco has digested 57 companies without heartburn . ” …
Cisco figured out that mergers between similar sized companies rarely work , as there are frequently struggles about which team will control the combined entity .
…
Cisco ’s leaders also determined that mergers work best when companies are geographically proximate , making integration and collaboration much easier . … and they also uncovered the importance of organizational cultural compatibility for merger success . …
You might think that companies would learn from all this experience … you would be wrong .
Business decisions … are frequently based on hope or fear , what others seem to be doing , what senior leaders have done and believe has worked in the past , and their dearly held ideologies – in short on lots of things other than the facts .
( pp. 4,5 )
GD Star Rating
loading ...
I ’ve been wanting to get into electronics for a while now ( it seems like a sensible thing for someone who works for a laptop manufacturer to do ) but have n’t known where to start .
Back in January , the fine people at Sparkfun Electronics helped out with that by running a Free Day where they gave away electronics worth USD $ 100 k : $ 100 free , to 1000 people .
I was lucky to be one of the 1000 people , which put some electronics ideas within my reach that I otherwise would have found it hard to justify spending money on .
And , here ’s the result — Madeleine and I made a t - shirt together that displays how much unread e-mail I have using an Arduino Lilypad and Bluetooth dongle , and an Android phone to send the number of unread mails to the shirt .
Here ’s an image of the center of the shirt , and a video showing it in action :
Lilypad t- shirt ( youtube , download in Ogg Theora )
I ’ve uploaded the source code that runs on the Lilypad and the python script that I ’m running on the Android phone to my github account .
Angle Brackets and Curly Braces
Percolating Nones in Scala
by Bill Venners
September 12 , 2009
Summary
Scala has an Option type that provides a type - safe alternative to using null to represent optional values .
In this blog post , I show how to replace nested conditionals involving Option with a for - expression .
Advertisement
Scala 's Option type has only two possible subtypes , Some [ T ] and None .
If an Option is a Some , the optional value does indeed exist .
If it is a None , however , the value does not exist .
In other words , None indicates in Scala what null often indicates in Java .
Idiomatic Scala APIs use Option to represent optional values .
For example , here 's a find method that looks for a specified character , c , in a specified string , s :
def find( c : Char , s : String ) : Option [ Int ] = s.indexOf( c ) match { case - 1 =>
None case c => Some(c ) }
If the string contains the character , find returns the index of the first occurence of the character wrapped in a Some .
Otherwise , it returns
None to indicate the character does not exist in the string .
Here 's another example .
The superChar method returns the character at the specified index , i , of the string , " supercalifragilisticexpialidotious " , wrapped in a Some , or None if i is greater than or equal to the length of " supercalifragilisticexpialidotious " :
def superChar(i : Int ) : Option [ Char ] = { val song = " supercalifragilisticexpialidotious " if ( i < song. length ) Some ( song ( i ) ) else None }
In the unlikely event that you want to determine the character in supercalifragilisticexpialidotious at the same index as the first occurrence of a particular character in a particular string , you could first call find .
If it 's result is a Some , you have the index of that character in the string .
You can then pass that index to superChar .
If it returns a Some , then you have the character in supercalifragilisticexpialidotious that sits at the same index as your chosen character in your chosen string .
Now imagine further you want to find the index of the first occurrence of this result character in your original string .
You could invoke find again , this time passing in the result character and the original string .
Now three things could go wrong here :
Character c might not be in string s. Character c is in string s , but at an index greater than or equal to the number of characters in supercalifragilisticexpialidotious .
If the previous two problems did n't materialize , the result character still might not be in string s .
The traditional Java - style approach to deal with this situation with a nested if - else construct , as is done in the following percolate1 method .
If all goes well , it returns the desired index , wrapped in a Some .
But if any of the three potential problems happen , it returns a None :
def percolate1 ( c : Char , s : String ) = { // ( Not idiomatic Scala ) val index = find ( c , s ) if ( index.isDefined ) { // isDefined is true for Some , false for None val resultChar = superChar( index.get ) // get grabs the value out of the Some if ( resultChar.isDefined ) { find ( resultChar.get , s ) } else { None } } else { None } }
A more idiomatic way to accomplish this in Scala is with a nested pattern match .
That would look like this :
def percolate2 ( c : Char , s : String ) = { find ( c , s ) match { case Some( index ) => superChar( index ) match { case Some( resultChar ) => find( resultChar , s ) case None => None } case None =>
None } }
While this is a bit more concise and leaves less room for error than the nested if - else construct , Scala has an even better way to accomplish this .
You can use a for - expression , like this :
def percolate3 ( c : Char , s : String ) = for { index Using any of these approaches , a None will percolate out no matter where the failure occurs .
Here are some examples in the Scala interpreter .
Given c and " cats " , percolate3 will return Some ( 3 ) because c is at index 0 in cats , index 0 in supercalifragilisticexpialidotious contains s , and s in " cats " appears at index 3 : scala > percolate3 ( 'c ' , " cats " ) res0 : Option [ Int ] = Some(3 ) The previous example made it all the way through .
If any of the three potential problems occurs , a None will occur at that step and percolate out all the way to the result .
Here the first call to find results in None , so None percolates out as the result of percolate3 : scala > percolate3 ( 'd ' , " cats " ) res1 : Option [ Int ] = None Here the initial call to find returns Some ( 68 ) , but because 68 is greater than the length of supercalifragilisticexpialidotious , the subsequent call to superChar results in a None , which percolates out : scala > percolate3('c ' , "--------------------------------------------------------------------cats " ) res2 : Option [ Int ] = None
And here the first call to find results in Some ( 2 ) , and superChar results in Some ( u ) , but because " cats " does n't contain a u , the second call to find results in a None , which is returned : scala > percolate3 ( 'a ' , " cats " ) res2 : Option [ Int ] = None Using a for expression for this can seem non-intuitive because we 're used to doing this kind of thing to iterate over collections .
One way to think of an Option is as a collection that can contain either zero or one value -- like a special kind of List that can either be an empty List or a List with only one value in it .
The nice thing is you can compose up to as many operations like this as you need and be confident None s that happen at any step along the way will simply percolate through to the end .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 4 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bill Venners adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bill Venners is president of Artima , Inc. , publisher of Artima Developer ( www.artima.com).
He is author of the book , Inside the Java Virtual Machine , a programmer - oriented survey of the Java platform 's architecture and internals .
His popular columns in JavaWorld magazine covered Java internals , object - oriented design , and Jini .
Active in the Jini Community since its inception , Bill led the Jini Community 's ServiceUI project , whose ServiceUI API became the de facto standard way to associate user interfaces to Jini services .
Bill is also the lead developer and designer of ScalaTest , an open source testing tool for Scala and Java developers , and coauthor with Martin Odersky and Lex Spoon of the book , Programming in Scala .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Bill Venners .
All rights reserved .
THE POWER
OF SCALE THE MAKING OF EDF ’S SHORT VIDEO ABOUT CORPORATE CAR FLEET ENVIRONMENTAL EFFICENCY AS TOLD BY STRESSLIMITDESIGN
STEP 1 Crafting an abstract idea into a compelling story The Environmental Defense Fund ( EDF ) came to us to make a short video on the subject of corporate fleet efficiency .
The goal : to further popularize the importance of reducing pollution across large corporate car fleets .
Through our research we came to understand how every tiny action combined can result in huge positive benefits , for the environment and corporate savings .
Our visual research led us to Charles and Ray Eames ’ classic film “ Powers of 10 ” .
This , among many other influences , led us to develop a cool visual language and a great central metaphor to tell EDF ’s story — a story about the “ power of scale . ”
With this central concept , the story idea fell quickly into place .
Watch the video now and you ’ll have a better appreciation of the “ making of ” explained here .
To make the video visually exciting we chose to shoot using a combination of Tilt - Shift photography ( a technique that , when used with highly saturated and colorful images , makes landscapes and humans look like miniature models ) and the effect of time - lapse photography , in which time appears to fly by very rapidly .
Finally we did a bit of stop motion animation using actual models !
All the visuals were done using a Digital Single Lens Relex ( DSLR ) camera , with a Tilt - Shift lens and a traditional lens .
Playing with the concept of models , size and scale became a great way to visually illustrate the central metaphor .
STEP 2 Storyboarding
Next we put together a shot - by - shot storyboard that would help us define the locations , people and models we would need , as well as the general timing for each section .
This was a crucial step since every sequence was done by shooting a series of photos at different intervals , and we wanted to have the motion and all the action performed exactly in the time we had given .
Having to slow down or speed up the footage would have created all kinds of artifacts in post - production and would mar the final image .
When doing the storyboard , we had to keep in mind the limitations of shooting locally , keeping in mind the temperature and environment changing rapidly as fall was approaching , meaning less sunlight and leaves falling off trees — we did n't want it to look gray and dull !
Here is a comparison of the storyboard vs. the actual scenes we shot :
STEP 3 Location Scouting and Test Shooting
While doing the storyboard we scouted locations and tested the Tilt - Shift effects , primarily in downtown Montreal .
We also did tests in Photoshop to replicate the effect without it looking too digital and fake .
A ton of testing was done to make sure it would n't look cheap , and that it would compliment the real tilt - shift sequences .
A Tilt - Shift lens is a special fixed focal lens ( not a zoom ) that allows you to tilt and move off - center its front element .
It ’s usually used in architecture , and when properly used it eliminates the perspective , making lines parallel rather than converging .
It also creates greater depth of field so you can have all the elements of your composition in focus regardless of whether they ’re close to or far from the camera .
Intentional mis-use of the lens allows for the extremely shallow depth of field that gives the distinctive look we were after .
Example of Tilt - Shift tests and locations :
STEP 4 Solving Timing and DSLR Flicker Problems
We also tested to get the motion , exposure and time between each shot right , and to calculate how many shots we needed to get the desired effect .
As we settled on having the video play at 24 frames per second , this was our starting point to find out within how many frames we needed our actions to happen .
We also knew that in a series of images that are shown rapidly to create the illusion of motion , it ’s crucial that the exposure remain consistent from frame to frame — otherwise a noticable flickering can occur .
Film cameras do n't have this problem since everything is manual , but with a DSLR , even with all the controls set to manual some flicker might still happen .
The aperture has to go back and forth from the setting selected to a wide open position for previewing , and sometimes it returns to a slightly different position .
So the trick is to unlock the lens from the camera body and turn it slightly , to disengage the electronic contact between the two .
It took a lot of time and research to debug this problem !
Here is a few clip , look very closely for the flicker :
STEP 5 Stop-Motion Animation
To really emphasize the scale concept , we chose to use toy cars for the sequence where we explain some numbers and statistics , and to animate them by hand .
By building a fairly complex grid on a piece of cardboard , we figured out how many cars and how much space would be needed to display the numbers .
We needed just under 200 cars and did n't have enough time to order them online , so we raided every toy store in town to get enough cars that had a conventional look .
No racing stripes or flames allowed !
To make matters worse we needed a significant number of white cars in order to create contrast with the green background .
White is n't a popular color for toy cars , so some hand painting was required .
As you might have guessed , the numbers sequences were mostly shot backwards , then played in reverse to give the illusion of super - orchestrated movement .
For example : in the shot with the words “ $ 2 billion , ” the cars were placed in their final formation , then we made them drive backwards until they were out of the frame .
STEP 6 Post Production
There was some post - production done on the video , mostly frame by frame in Photoshop .
We tried to add the digital manipulation so that it still looked analog and avoided the digital and CGI effect , to stay in keeping with our inspiration , the films of Charles and Ray Eames .
For the lights shutting down in the buildings , we first shot the cityscape over the course of 6 hours during sunset and well into the night .
From theses images we created a composite shot with all the lights on , and a second one with all the lights off .
By super imposing them in Photoshop , we then created a whole new sequence by erasing parts of the top layer ( lights on ) to reveal parts of the bottom layer ( lights off ) .
We ended up with about 200 frames with a semi random pattern of lights shutting down .
Once this was done we chose our pace , we then took the original sequence and put them over our new composited sequence with a mask that would only show the clouds and the cars passing by .
Once we were happy with what we made we added the blur and saturation to imitate the Tilt - Shift effect .
You have already voted for this video .
A cat in zero gravity ?
Who thought that this was a good idea ?
Check out astronauts in training as they to ...
A cat in zero gravity ?
Who thought that this was a good idea ?
Check out astronauts in training as they toss this cat around in zero gravity ... kitty no like !
The most interesting person on late - night television is a 47 - year - old Scottish reformed alcoholic high - school dropout , drummer , actor , comic and novelist named Craig Ferguson , who since 2005 has been hosting “ The Late Late Show , ” which follows David Letterman ’s “ Late Show ” on CBS .
He is not the only talk show host whose work I like , or even the only one I ’m tempted to call a genius -- the other would be Letterman , whose Worldwide Pants produces Ferguson ’s program -- but he ’s doing something that , though constructed within the recognizable parameters of a late - night American comedy talk show , is all his own thing : personal and free , mindless of rules and yet in control of the medium .
It is direct and intimate in a way that hearkens back to earlier , less frilly days of television , and it is also hilarious .
There has been a “ war ” in late night , as you certainly have heard -- well , not so much a war as a schoolyard brawl between one of the older boys , Jay , and one of the younger ones , Conan , that saw the former transferred and the latter expelled .
Catcalls flew in from the sidelines , but Ferguson , though he has had some fun at the expense of NBC , who whipped up the fight in the first place , has remained basically neutral as regards the combatants .
He also likes to say that he is not exactly in the same game as they are .
“ I know this is n’t really a late - night talk show , ” he told his viewers recently , “ it ’s just something that happens about the same time . ”
The truth is , he really is n’t in the same game .
Time slot , as much as viewership , is how importance is measured in late night :
The later your start , the fewer people left awake to watch you , the less you matter in the world that defines success by numbers .
Conan O’Brien ’s insistence that a show that began at 12:05 was by definition not “ The Tonight Show ” was , among other things , a matter of chronological status :
It meant that he’d be competing not against Letterman but Jimmy Kimmel .
Ferguson goes on even later , at 12:35 a.m. , and though he has been regularly mentioned as a likely successor to Letterman , he seems in no rush to see his boss retire .
“ I have no ambitions beyond being comfortable in what I do for a living -- and earning a living , ” he said recently in his office at CBS ’ Television City , where “ The Late Late Show ” tapes in a surprisingly small , converted photo studio .
He was stretched out on a couch , beneath a plane ’s - eye - view of a landing strip .
( He earned a pilot ’s license to conquer a fear of flying . )
He was naturally more muted than when he is being “ TV’s Craig Ferguson , ” as he introduces himself on air , but he is volubly passionate about maintaining the independence and the integrity of his work .
“ We have no promotion , we ’ve got no money -- it ’s the cheapest budget of any of the late - night shows -- probably Carson Daly ’s too .
We get nothing .
But we do have a huge advantage in that they let us do what we want .
And I would take that trade . ”
Like no other
What Ferguson does is not so much make lemons into lemonade as exploit the actual properties of the lemon itself .
He has no band , no sidekick .
( He will “ sidekick himself ” as the need arises . )
“ What it feels like on this show , ” he said , “ is that all the kids are by the riverbank fishing and I have a stick with a piece of string and a bent hook and the rest have fantastic equipment , but every now and again I catch a fish , to the surprise of everyone else -- and me . ”
Yet the lack of amenities is also the foundation of an aesthetic , refined into something relaxed and strange and -- though it can involve shark puppets and a frightening impersonation of Larry King -- pure .
Ferguson ’s set has grown simpler since he started :
It ’s empty enough now to play Beckett on , just a couple of chairs and a desk empty but for a mug in the shape of a coiled rattlesnake .
What fills the space is Ferguson himself , mostly as himself , though sometimes in costume and sometimes at the unseen end of a hand puppet .
He carries the show from first to last , a protean excursion that begins with his customary “ It ’s a great day for America ” and ends with the question “ What did we learn on the show tonight , Craig ? ” or " ¿Qué aprendimos en el programa , Señor Craig ? ” since his vow to learn enough Spanish to do a whole show in that language by the end of this year .
What happens in between will be done in a variety of voices and attitudes , in colliding waves of sense and nonsense .
In January he began his sixth season , and at the end of last year he marked his 1,000th episode by performing the entire show as his crocodile puppet Wavy .
His audience , which began a little shy of 2 million viewers , is now a little over that mark -- as a rule , he was beaten by Conan O’Brien before O’Brien moved from “ Late Night ” to “ The Tonight Show , ” and he beats O’Brien ’s replacement , Jimmy Fallon .
In December , he won a Marie Claire online poll as the late - night host readers would most like to sleep with .
“ I ’m genuinely freaked out by this , ” said the thrice - married father of one .
( His son , Milo , is 8 . )
“ I blame people that do n’t have high - def television . ”
In fact , it ’s not hard to see why he won .
He leans close to the camera -- confidentially , flirtatiously putting his hand upon it , and by extension upon the whole viewing audience .
Where most late - night hosts hit their mark and stay there , Ferguson moves back and forth in space , talking with his hands , cocking a conspiratorial eye , hanging his head in a coy impression of shame , shaking himself as if to reset his brain .
His monologue , which may or may not reflect a list of “ bullet points ” put up on the teleprompter , might contain jokes ; but they are cushioned within a larger , often thematic frame , and by Ferguson ’s frequent digressions , so they play as part of an extended string of thoughts .
( Recently , he did the monologue in the middle of the show because “ you ’ve got to change it up for yourself or you lose your mind . ” )
Though he styles himself a “ vulgar lounge entertainer ” and can go as low as the network censor will allow , he is certainly the only late - night host who would do several minutes on the death of J.D. Salinger or respond to recent guest Claire Danes ’ saying that her father - in - law was a moral philosopher by asking “ Pre - or post - Enlightenment ? ” with a quote from Kierkegaard for a kicker .
On the other hand , he loves the show “ Mythbusters ” and the word “ farty . ”
Ferguson showily shreds his notecards at the start of every interview , like a pop musician announcing that he has thrown away the set list .
Some of his conversational strategies are not much different from what you ’d use to draw out a stranger at a party .
( “ Where are you from ? ” is a favorite question , because he likes to talk about places he knows , and he knows a lot of places . )
The effect for the viewer is of being present at a meeting of humans , not of being sold a product .
Guests come and go often without having discussed the thing they had ostensibly come to promote .
“ The best guests tend to be those who are generous of spirit because that ’s the spirit of the show , ” Ferguson said .
“ It ’s an old improv game : I ask you a question , you do n’t say ‘ No , ’ you say ‘ Yes . ’
I say , ‘ Were you ever in Australia ? ’
‘ Yes -- and no .
I was in New Zealand . ’
Or ‘ I ’ve seen a photograph of a kangaroo . ’
Bring something to it ‘ cause I ai n’t gonna ask you what practical jokes you played on a movie set , ‘ cause I do n’t care , and I ’m not going to ask anything that does n’t interest me , because that ’s not my job . ”
Making his own way
Ferguson , who grew up near Glasgow , Scotland , and is now an American citizen , was previously best known here as the boss on “ The Drew Carey Show . ”
He logged a lot of miles before coming to late night :
He delivered milk , drummed in rock bands , worked in an adding machine factory , in construction and as a bartender before he began doing stand - up in local discos .
“ Now , in a town like Glasgow on a Friday or Saturday night when you stop the music in a dance hall for a guy to try to get some laughs , ” he said , “ you develop a certain frantic , partially aggressive , partially desperate , certainly vivid style . ”
As to where and when he was raised , “ I think that clearly it has an influence , to be coming of age during the punk rock era , to come from a difficult and sporadically violent background , to have been in and out of such chaos , I think it actually helps .
But I do n’t know for sure .
I used to believe , like many people who come from poor backgrounds , that it gave me an edge , but I think that ’s just something we have to tell ourselves to get by sometimes .
I do n’t believe that anymore .
Children of privilege can be just as talented and clever as anybody else . ”
When “ The Late Late Show ” came his way , he wrote in his memoir , “ American on Purpose , ” “ I was bored with acting . . . and I had n’t done stand - up comedy in ten years .
I was thinking maybe I should go back to drumming or delivering milk . ”
But he found his metier and has only grown better at it .
He has hit his stride .
Comedy is in many ways a young person ’s game ; that ’s where the fashions change .
But what Ferguson does takes seasoning ; his most remarked upon moments are also his deepest : his eulogies for his father and then his mother ; his thoughts on the proper targets for comedy on the coincidental occasion of Britney Spears ’ lost weekend and the 15th anniversary of his own hitting bottom and getting sober ; and the show he devoted to Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
But these episodes were also very funny .
“ I doubt very much if you sat down with a focus group they ’d say , ‘ Let ’s get the reformed alcoholic punk - rock 45 - year - old drummer from another country with a broad accent -- that ’s the way to go in the late - night world , ’ ” said Ferguson .
“ ‘ Cause no conventional wisdom is going to do that for you .
But the thing about conventional wisdom is that it does n’t work in art -- if that ’s what we do .
“ I do n’t think I ’ll get away with this forever , ” he concluded .
“ I try and live my life in bite - size chunks .
It was a lesson I had to learn when I got sober , but then it became a way of life , a philosophy -- live your life a day at a time .
Especially because the temptation , especially when you ’re doing OK , is to think , ‘ In a couple of years I ’m gonna get this , and then I ’ll have this . ’
And then what ? ”
robert.lloyd@latimes.com
Our Sexual Ethics Bertrand Russell , 1936 I
SEX , MORE THAN any other element in human life , is still viewed by many , perhaps by most , in an irrational way .
Homicide , pestilence , insanity , gold and precious stones - all the things , in fact , that are the objects of passionate hopes or fears - have been seen , in the past , through a mist of magic or mythology ; but the sun of reason has now dispelled the mist , except here and there .
The densest cloud that remains is in the territory of sex , as is perhaps natural since sex is concerned in the most passionate part of most people 's lives .
It is becoming apparent , however , that conditions in the modern world are working to effect a change in the public attitude toward sex .
As to what change , or changes , this will bring about , no one can speak with any certainty ; but it is possible to note some of the forces now at work , and to discuss what their results are likely to be upon the structure of society .
Insofar as human nature is concerned , it can not be said to be impossible to produce a society in which there is very little sexual intercourse outside of marriage .
The conditions necessary for this result , however , are such as are made almost unattainable by modern life .
Let us , then , consider what they are .
The greatest influence toward effecting monogamy is immobility in a region containing few inhabitants .
If a man hardly ever has occasion to leave home , and seldom sees any woman but his wife , it is easy for him to be faithful ; but if he travels without her , or lives in a crowded urban community , the problem is proportionately more difficult .
The next greatest assistance to monogamy is superstition : those who genuinely believe that ' sin ' leads to eternal punishment might be expected to avoid it , and to some extent they do so , although not to so great an extent as might be expected .
The third support of virtue is public opinion .
Where , as in agricultural societies , all that a man does is known to his neighbours , he has powerful motives for avoiding whatever convention condemns .
But all these causes of correct behaviour are much less potent than they used to be .
Fewer people live in isolation ; the belief in hell - fire is dying out ; and in large towns no one knows what his neighbour does .
It is , therefore , not surprising that both men and women are less monogamous than they were before the rise of modern industrialism .
Of course , it may be said that , while an increasing number of people fail to observe the moral law , that is no reason for altering our standards .
Those who sin , we are sometimes told , should know and recognize that they sin , and an ethical code is none the worse for being difficult to live up to .
But I should reply that the question whether a code is good or bad is the same as the question whether or not it promotes human happiness .
Many adults , in their hearts , still believe all that they were taught in childhood , and feel wicked when their lives do not conform to the maxims of the Sunday school .
The harm done is not merely to introduce a division between the conscious reasonable personality and the unconscious infantile personality ; the harm lies also in the fact that the valid parts of conventional morality become discredited along with the invalid parts , and it comes to be thought that , if adultery is excusable , so are laziness , dishonesty , and unkindness .
This danger is inseparable from a system which teaches the young , en bloc , a number of beliefs that they are almost sure to discard when they become mature .
In the process of social and economic revolt , they are likely to throw over the good along with the bad .
The difficulty of arriving at a workable sexual ethic arises from the conflict between the impulse to jealousy and the impulse to polygamy .
There is no doubt that jealousy , while in part instinctive , is to a very large degree conventional .
In societies in which a man is considered a fit object for ridicule if his wife is unfaithful , he will be jealous where she is concerned , even if he no longer has any affection for her .
Thus jealousy is intimately connected with the sense of property , and is much less where this sense is absent .
If faithfulness is no part of what is conventionally expected , jealousy is much diminished .
But although there is more possibility of lessening jealousy than many people suppose , there are very definite limits so long as fathers have rights and duties .
So long as this is the case , it is inevitable that men should desire some assurance that they are the fathers of their wives ' children .
If women are to have sexual freedom , fathers must fade out , and wives must no longer expect to be supported by their husbands .
This may come about in time , but it will be a profound social change , and its effects , for good or ill , are incalculable .
In the meantime , if marriage and paternity are to survive as social institutions , some compromise is necessary between complete promiscuity and life - long monogamy .
To decide on the best compromise at any given moment is not easy ; and the decision should vary from time to time , according to the habits of the population and the reliability of birth - control methods .
Some things , however , can be said with some definiteness .
In the first place , it is undesirable , both physiologically and educationally , that women should have children before the age of 20 .
Our ethics should , therefore , be such as to make this a rare occurrence .
In the second place , it is unlikely that a person without previous sexual experience , whether man or woman , will be able to distinguish between mere physical attraction and the sort of congeniality that is necessary in order to make marriage a success .
Moreover , economic causes compel men , as a rule , to postpone marriage , and it is neither likely that they will remain chaste in the years from 20 to 30 , nor desirable psychologically that they should do so ; but it is much better that , if they have temporary relations , that they should be not with professionals , but with girls of their own class , whose motive is affection rather than money .
For both these reasons , young unmarried people should have considerable freedom as long as children are avoided .
In the third place , divorce should be possible without blame to either party , and should not be regarded as in any way disgraceful .
A childless marriage should be terminable at the wish of one of the partners , and any marriage should be terminable by mutual consent - a year 's notice being necessary in either case .
Divorce should , of course , be possible on a number of other grounds - insanity , desertion , cruelty , and so on ; but mutual consent should be the most usual ground .
In the fourth place , everything possible should be done to free sexual relations from the economic taint .
At present , wives , just as much as prostitutes , live by the sale of their sexual charms ; and even in temporary free relations the man is usually expected to bear all the joint expenses .
The result is that there is a sordid entanglement of money with sex , and that women 's motives not infrequently have a mercenary element .
Sex , even when blessed by the Church , ought not to be a profession .
It is right that a woman should be paid for housekeeping or cooking or the care of children , but not merely for having sexual relations with a man .
Nor should a woman who has once loved and been loved by a man be able to live ever after on alimony when his love and hers have ceased .
A woman , like a man , should work for her living , and an idle wife is no more intrinsically worthy of respect than a gigolo .
II
Two very primitive impulses have contributed , though in very different degrees , to the rise of the currently accepted code of sexual behaviour .
One of these is modesty , and the other , as mentioned above , is jealousy .
Modesty , in some form and to some degree , is almost universal in the human race , and constitutes a taboo which must only be broken through in accordance with certain forms and ceremonies , or , at the least , in conformity with some recognized etiquette .
Not everything may he seen , and not all facts may be mentioned .
This is not , as some moderns suppose , an invention of the Victorian age ; on the contrary , anthropologists have found the most elaborate forms of prudery among primitive savages .
The conception of the obscene has its roots deep in human nature .
We may go against it from a love of rebellion , or from loyalty to the scientific spirit , or from a wish to feel wicked , such as existed in Byron ; but we do not thereby eradicate it from among our natural impulses .
No doubt convention determines , in a given community , exactly what is to be considered indecent , but the universal existence of some convention of the kind is conclusive evidence of a source which is not merely conventional .
In almost every human society , pornography and exhibitionism are reckoned as offences , except when , as not infrequently occurs , they form part of religious ceremonies .
Asceticism - which may or may not have a psychological connection with modesty - is an impulse which seems to arise only where a certain level of civilization has been reached , but may then become powerful .
It is not to be found in the earlier books of the Old Testament , but it appears in the later books , in the Apocrypha , and in the New Testament .
Similarly among the Greeks there is little of it in early times , but more and more as time goes on .
In India , it arose at a very early date , and acquired great intensity .
I will not attempt to give a psychological analysis of its origin , but I cannot doubt that it is a spontaneous sentiment , existing , to some slight extent , in almost all civilized human beings .
Its faintest form is reluctance to imagine a revered individual - especially a person possessed of religious sanctity - engaged in love - making , which is felt to be scarcely compatible with the highest degree of dignity .
The wish to free the spirit from bondage to the flesh has inspired many of the great religions of the world , and is still powerful even among modern intellectuals .
But jealousy , I believe , has been the most potent single factor in the genesis of sexual morality .
Jealousy instinctively rouses anger ; and anger , rationalized , becomes moral disapproval .
The purely instinctive motive must have been reinforced , at an early stage in the development of civilization , by the desire of males to be certain of paternity .
Without security in this respect the patriarchal family would have been impossible , and fatherhood , with all its economic implications , could not have become the basis of social institutions .
It was , accordingly , wicked to have relations with another man 's wife , but not even mildly reprehensible to have relations with an unmarried woman .
There were excellent practical reasons for condemning the adulterer , since he caused confusion and very likely bloodshed .
The siege of Troy was an extreme example of the upheavals due to disrespect for the rights of husbands , but something of the sort , though on a smaller scale , was to be expected even when the parties concerned were less exalted .
There were , of course , in those days , no corresponding rights of wives ; a husband had no duty to his wife , though he had the duty of respecting the property of other husbands .
The old system of the patriarchal family , with an ethic based on the feelings that we have been considering , was , in a sense , successful : men , who dominated , had considerable liberty , and women , who suffered , were in such complete subjection that their unhappiness seemed not important .
It is the claim of women to equality with men that has done most to make a new system necessary in the world today .
Equality can be secured in two ways : either by exacting from men the same strict monogamy as was , in the past , exacted from women ; or by allowing women , equally with men , a certain relaxation of the traditional code .
The first of these ways was preferred by most of the pioneers of women 's rights , and is still preferred by the churches ; but the second has many more adherents in practice , although most of them are in doubt as to the theoretical justifiability of their own behaviour .
And those who recognize that some new ethic is required find it difficult to know just what its precepts should be .
There is another source of novelty , and that is the effect of the scientific outlook in weakening the taboo on sexual knowledge .
It has come to be understood that various evils - for example , venereal disease - cannot be effectively combated unless they are spoken of much more openly than was formerly thought permissible ; and it has also been found that reticence and ignorance are apt to have injurious effects upon the psychology of the individual .
Both sociology and psychoanalysis have led serious students to deprecate the policy of silence in regard to sexual matters , and many practical educators , from experience with children , have adopted the same position .
Those who have a scientific outlook on human behaviour , moreover , find it impossible to label any action as ' sin ' ; they realize that what we do has its origin in our heredity , our education , and our environment , and that it is by control of these causes , rather than by denunciation , that conduct injurious to society is to be prevented .
In seeking a new ethic of sexual behaviour , therefore , we must not ourselves be dominated by the ancient irrational passions which gave rise to the old ethic , though we should recognize that they may , by accident , have led to some sound maxims , and that , since they still exist , though perhaps in a weakened form , they are still among the data of our problem .
What we have to do positively is to ask ourselves what moral rules are most likely to promote human happiness , remembering always that , whatever the rules may be , they are not likely to be universally observed .
That is to say , we have to consider the effect which the rules will in fact have , not that which they would have if they were completely effective .
III
Let us look next at the question of knowledge on sexual subjects , which arises at the earliest age and is the least difficult and doubtful of the various problems with which we are concerned .
There is no sound reason , of any sort or kind , for concealing facts when talking to children .
Their questions should be answered and their curiosity satisfied in exactly the same way in regard to sex as in regard to the habits of fishes , or any other subject that interests them .
There should be no sentiment , because young children cannot feel as adults do , and see no occasion for high - flown talk .
It is a mistake to begin with the loves of the bees and the flowers ; there is no point in leading up to the facts of life by devious routes .
The child who is told what he wants to know , and allowed to see his parents naked , will have no pruriency and no obsession of a sexual kind .
Boys who are brought up in official ignorance think and talk much more about sex than boys who have always heard this topic treated on a level with any other .
Official ignorance and actual knowledge teach them to be deceitful and hypocritical with their elders .
On the other hand , real ignorance , when it is achieved , is likely to be a source of shock and anxiety , and to make adaptation to real life difficult .
All ignorance is regrettable , but ignorance on so important a matter as sex is a serious danger .
When I say that children should be told about sex , I do not mean that they should be told only the bare physiological facts ; they should be told whatever they wish to know .
There should be no attempt to represent adults as more virtuous than they are , or sex as occurring only in marriage .
There is no excuse for deceiving children .
And when , as must happen in conventional families , they find that their parents have lied , they lose confidence in them , and feel justified in lying to them .
There are facts which I should not obtrude upon a child , but I would tell him anything sooner than say what is not true .
Virtue which is based upon a false view of the facts is not real virtue .
Speaking not only from theory , but from practical experience , I am convinced that complete openness on sexual subjects is the best way to prevent children from thinking about them excessively , nastily , or unwholesomely , and also the almost indispensable preliminary to an enlightened sexual morality .
Where adult sexual behaviour is concerned , it is by no means easy to arrive at a rational compromise between the antagonistic considerations that have each their own validity .
The fundamental difficulty is , of course , the conflict between the impulse to jealousy and the impulse to sexual variety .
Neither impulse , it is true , is universal : there are those ( though they are few ) who are never jealous , and there are those ( among men as well as among women ) whose affections never wander from the chosen partner .
If either of these types could be made universal , it would be easy to devise a satisfactory code .
It must be admitted , however , that either type can be made more common by conventions designed to that end .
Much ground remains to be covered by a complete sexual ethic , but I do not think we can say anything very positive until we have more experience , both of the effects of various systems and of the changes resulting from a rational education in matters of sex .
It is clear that marriage , as an institution , should only interest the State because of children , and should be viewed as a purely private matter so long as it is childless .
It is clear , also , that , even where there are children , the State is only interested through the duties of fathers , which are chiefly financial .
Where divorce is easy , as in Scandinavia , the children usually go with the mother , so that the patriarchal family tends to disappear .
If , as is increasingly happening where wage - earners are concerned , the State takes over the duties that have hitherto fallen upon fathers , marriage will cease to have any raison d'être , and will probably be no longer customary except among the rich and the religious .
In the meantime , it would be well if men and women could remember , in sexual relations , in marriage , and in divorce , to practise the ordinary virtues of tolerance , kindness , truthfulness , and justice .
Those who , by conventional standards , are sexually virtuous , too often consider themselves thereby absolved from behaving like decent human beings .
Most moralists have been so obsessed by sex that they have laid much too little emphasis on other more socially useful kinds of ethically commendable conduct .
Some of Britain 's leading firms are partnering top academic institutions to develop projects that will overhaul household energy , water , transport and waste provision to drastically cut carbon emissions .
The groundbreaking partnership , led by Arup 's global planning chief , Peter Head , involves 25 international companies including GE ( the world 's biggest company , according to Forbes ) .
HSBC , French energy firm EDF , Thames Water , Marks & Spencer and waste management firm Biffa are also behind the plan .
Politicians and regulators are calling for a " green new deal " to help lift the economy out of recession .
" Green industries alone could support a further half a million jobs over the next decade , " Alistair Darling wrote in the Guardian last week .
The companies involved hope that in five years their work could create tens of thousands of jobs and push Britain into the vanguard of environmental technology .
They are working with Imperial College and University College London to " retrofit " hundreds of thousands of homes , using the latest clean technology to transform energy and water efficiency .
Head , who will become chairman of a new charity , the Thames Gateway Institute of Sustainability , said : " We want to connect new developments with retrofitting technology combining energy , water and waste , improvements to recycling and the introduction of electric cars and better cycling facilities … there are tremendous advantages and business opportunities . "
The " retrofitting " of Britain is the focus of the new institute , which will open a research centre this year in Dagenham , east London , as part of a 24 - hectare sustainable technology business park .
The centre will focus on green technology breakthroughs that can be cheaply " scaled up " to industrial proportions .
" We need to move to a new industrial model .
And we genuinely need this institute to power demonstration projects , " said Head .
Part of the plan is to develop new financing for green projects and the group is in advanced talks with pension funds .
Financiers at international investment bank Sustainable Development Capital want to see part of household and business energy and water bills ringfenced in a special fund for green developments that will be matched by pension funds .
The plan aims to take advantage of savings for firms when consumers use less energy .
It implies households utility bills will not come down in spite of the savings envisaged from the scheme .
The model assumes that it will cost £ 1bn to convert 200,000 new homes , into which communities will be divided .
They could then see their neighbourhoods converted street - by - street into sustainable communities complete with energy - from - waste facilities , electric car power points and advanced water capture technology .
The Institute of Sustainability has been building up for a year as a shadow operation but has now completed the formation of a 12 - strong board .
Other than Head , it includes Professor Malcolm Grant , president and provost of UCL , and Keith Riley , managing director of Veolia Environmental Services .
Ian Short , deputy chief executive at the London Thames Gateway Development Corporation , will be the Institute 's interim chief executive .
Focusing on close - to - market environmental technology projects that are now ready to be applied on housing developments , the institute will use the huge building programme on the Thames Gateway – a 40 - mile ribbon of land either side of the Thames in east London , where tens of thousands of new homes are planned – to be its worldwide showcase .
Two major housing developments in north Kent are likely to be pilots for the new plan .
It will also draw on lessons learned from the 2012 east London Olympics , where a number of facilities are using the latest environmental technology to reduce emissions as well as a " soil hospital " to clean and re-use contaminated soil .
Head was the principal planning adviser on the Chinese sustainable city project at Dongtan .
Though the project has stalled for internal political reasons , it has inspired the launch of the new institute in Britain , which is forging links with the Chinese authorities in what Head hopes will provide huge business opportunities .
British and Japanese scientists at the multinational T2 K particle - physics project in Japan said Friday that they have observed the experiment ’s first neutrino to travel 185 miles underground across the Asian country , indicating that the project is now ready to begin doing physics .
Although not on the massive scale of Europe ’s new Large Hadron Collider , which is also just beginning to conduct experiments , the T2 K project is expected to shed light on the oscillations of the mysterious elementary particles known as neutrinos and , in the process , perhaps explain why there is more matter than antimatter in the universe .
Neutrinos are ghost - like particles that travel at the speed of light and interact with matter so weakly that they can travel through the entire Earth with the ease of a light beam traveling through a windowpane .
They have no electrical charge -- hence the name , meaning “ little neutral one . ”
Physicists rarely see neutrinos .
Instead , they observe the debris left behind on the rare occasions when a neutrino strikes an atom head on .
They now know that there are three types of neutrino : electron , muon and tau neutrinos , each named for the particle that is produced in the collision .
Each of those also has an antimatter counterpart .
Advertisement
The key player in studying the neutrino is the massive Super - Kamiokande detector , buried in an old zinc mine 3,250 feet under Mt. Ikena near Kamioka in the Japanese Alps .
The massive cylindrical detector contains 12.5 million gallons of ultra-pure water and is lined with an acre of photomultiplier tubes , which detect light from neutrino collisions and convert it into an electrical signal .
Neutrinos were originally thought to have no mass .
But results obtained with Super - Kamiokande in 1998 startled researchers by showing that they do .
The detector monitored neutrinos produced by cosmic rays striking the atmosphere directly above Japan and those produced in the same fashion on the opposite side of the Earth , about 8,000 miles away , detecting an average of about 5.5 neutrinos daily .
Physicists found about half as many neutrinos coming from the opposite side of the Earth as from directly above .
Because the detector cannot observe tau neutrinos , their finding meant that the neutrinos were oscillating , changing from muon neutrinos to tau neutrinos as they passed through the extra distance to the detector .
And if they are oscillating , that means they have to have mass .
Not much , only about one ten - millionth the mass of an electron .
But for each electron in the universe , there are an estimated 50 billion neutrinos , so neutrinos could account for a large part of the bulk of the universe -- the so - called dark matter .
Advertisement
The T2 K , or Tokai to Kamioka , project was set up to explore those oscillations .
British and Japanese researchers constructed a beamline to produce neutrinos at the J - PARC accelerator in Tokai , about an hour north of Tokyo by train , and pointed it at the Super - Kamiokande .
An accelerator at J - PARC produces a beam of protons that are focused and directed at a carbon rod target , where they produce particles known as pions .
The pions are focused into a helium - filled container , where they decay into neutrinos that can then proceed to Kamioka .
Two neutrino detectors at Tokai measure the neutrinos ’ properties as they leave the laboratory , while the third at Super - Kamiokande measures them after they have had a chance to oscillate .
Among other things , the observatory hopes to detect differences between the behavior of neutrinos and that of anti-neutrinos .
Detecting the first neutrino from Tokai at Super - Kamiokande “ is a big step forward , ” Takashi Kobayashi , a spokesman for the project , said in a statement .
“ We have been working for more than 10 years to make this happen . ”
Added physicist Dave Wark of Imperial College London , “ The observation of this first neutrino means that the hunt has just begun . ”
Advertisement
thomas .
maugh@
latimes.com
Gambling should be entertaining .
Remember that you always risk losing the money you bet , so do not spend more than you can afford to lose .
If you think you may have a problem , click here .
Bouchaib Moqadem 's lawyer has asked for the bill to be written off
A Belgian man has protested at being asked to pay for the prosecution of his ex-wife who killed their five children , a local newspaper reports .
" I am disgusted and revolted , " Bouchaib Moqadem told Le Soir newspaper .
Genvieve Lhermitte was sentenced to life in prison in December 2009 for murdering their son and four daughters while Mr Moqadem was on holiday .
Belgium tries to recover the cost of its prosecutions from those convicted but Lhermitte is insolvent .
So the state has instead sent the 72,743 euros ( $ 97,000 ; £ 65,000 ) bill to Mr Moqadem .
It says the money should come from Lhermitte 's share of the sale of their house .
Mr Moqadem 's lawyer has reportedly asked for the bill to be written off .
Are you called Longnose or Sheepshanks , Vuggles or Halfknight ?
Whether one of the last remaining bearers of a rare surname , or just a Smith or Jones , most people have a curiosity about where their surname came from and how it evolved .
My surname – Tickle , it turns out , comes from the place called Tickhill in the old West Riding of Yorkshire , and is n't quite as rare as you might think .
Thanks to an £ 835,000 grant from the Arts and Humanities Research Council , it 's a curiosity that may soon be satisfied .
The money is for a research project into UK family names to be launched in April at the University of the West of England ( UWE ) , which will provide a publicly available , online database of the meanings and origins of up to 150,000 extant surnames .
Avid perusal of the database may confirm individuals ' hopes of links to an aristocratic past ; alternatively , UWE 's researchers might pinpoint your name as having been given sometime in the Middle Ages to the local squire 's favourite pig-keeper .
There are already various surname dictionaries , explains the principal investigator , Richard Coates ( pictured right ) , professor of linguistics , but the question is whether previous researchers have made accurate interpretations of old forms of a name .
" My current judgment is that often they have n't , " he says .
" Another major problem is where the suggested interpretation does n't tie up with the known history of the families bearing it . "
Though thousands of names are already known , in collaboration with lexicographer Dr Patrick Hanks , Coates and three researchers will want to find the ones that got away .
They will soon be poring over old county rolls , medieval records and parish registers to find a sprinkling of names never before included in any database .
In order to build a profile for each name , information will be collected on the ways it was spelled , when and where it was first recorded , and its social and regional distribution , as well as its frequency .
At first , explains Coates , people simply did n't bother with surnames .
" The need for surnames came from inherited wealth .
You needed to be able to leave your money down the family line and make sure it went to the right Edward , Henry or William , " he says .
" That wealth was also taxable and the right Edward had to be taxed . "
" There were far more given names in Anglo - Saxon England than in the 12th and 13th centuries .
At the end of the Anglo - Saxon period , only the aristocracy have second names .
As the number of given names reduces , so the need for distinctive second names grows . "
Once the fashion for second names got started , aristocratic naming patterns filtered down to the lower classes relatively rapidly in most of England .
" For most of the country , surnames came during the late Middle Ages , and the trend spread from south to north , " says Coates .
" It 's interesting that in certain regions , eg Lancashire and Wales , their widespread use is only seen much later . "
There are , it turns out , four broad categories of surname .
The first identifies someone by their relationship to other people .
" This usually involves adopting the father 's given name , giving rise to Jackson or Jacks or even just Jack ; or Macdonald , in Gaelic Scotland , " says Coates .
The second identifies a person by where they might be found ; Hill or Green are examples , as is Coates 's own name .
" It literally means ' cottages ' in Middle English .
It is also applied as a place name , and in my family research , I discovered that Cotes is the name of a small place in my grandfather 's ancestral county of Staffordshire , so that 's probably where it comes from . "
A third way surnames are formed is through description of a person , often relating to hair or skin tone : for example White , Short , Armstrong or Russell .
Finally comes occupation , with names such as Naylor ( a nail maker ) , Leech ( a doctor ) , Wheelwright ( a wheel maker ) , Baxter ( initially denoting a female baker ) and Frobisher ( a polisher ) .
Sadly , Coates says the funniest name he 's come across is unsuitable for publication in a family newspaper .
Decoding how names changed as people moved from place to place , and with different styles of spelling , will be part of the task facing the research team .
Nor is it the case , says Coates , that women have always taken their husbands ' names .
" Then there 's the question of illegitimacy .
In one sense it would n't matter what an illegitimate child were called if there was nothing to inherit , but , if you and your mother were abandoned , an identifying surname would be crucial to establish which parish was responsible for paying to look after you . "
The most academically demanding part of the research will be interpreting the oldest names , and working out which language they were first formulated in : Norman French , Scots , Gaelic , Welsh , English , Dutch , German and Yiddish could all be sources .
" The background assumption is that language change is regular , " says Coates .
" So when you collect evidence and interpret one name , you can be reasonably confident you will see the same patterns in other words and names in the same language . "
The bonanza moment in this type of research , he says , is when you realise you have gathered enough information to make a judgment that 's never been reached on how a particular name came about .
Are there some surnames whose origins the team wo n't manage to work out ?
Coates grins .
" Undoubtedly some will be uninterpretable .
If we can explain every name with more than 100 bearers we 'll be happy .
If we can explain lots with less than 100 , we 'll be very happy indeed . "
Lickerish by name ?
The names below all had up to 200 bearers in 1881 .
It is not known how many , if any , are still in use today .
Bolus Old Norse for ' poleaxe '
Champflower From a village in Normandy Gwatkin Apparently a Welsh - influenced form of Watkin ' little Walter ' , from the Herefordshire area
Halfknight Maybe one who held half a knight 's fee , or maybe just abusive
Lickerish ' Randy '
Marmion Old French for ' monkey '
McCambridge Anglicised Gaelic for ' son of Ambrose '
Pitchfork Rare variant of Pitchford , place in Shropshire
Prettyjohn Variant of Prester John , a fabled oriental ruler of the 12th century
Puddifoot ' Fat vat '
Slorance Scots , of uncertain ­meaning
Stiddolph From the Old English ' hard ' , ' wolf '
ZapperZ 's physics blog on the world of Physics and Physicists .
2.6.24 , 2.6.27 , 2.6.28 and 2.6.31 all got updates on Wednesday night February 3rd , with patches for around 10 CVEs .
The new Karmic kernel is 2.6.31 - 19 .
Here is the list of CVE notices :
CVE -2009-4536 drivers/net/e1000/e1000_main.c in the e1000 driver in the Linux kernel 2.6.32.3 and earlier handles Ethernet frames that exceed the MTU by processing CVE - 2009 - 4538 drivers/net/e1000e/netdev.c in the e1000e driver in the Linux kernel 2.6.32.3 and earlier does not properly check the size of an Ethernet frame that e CVE - 2009 - 4020 Stack - based buffer overflow in the hfs subsystem in the Linux kernel 2.6.32 allows remote attackers to have an unspecified impact via a crafted Hierar CVE - 2009 - 4031
The do_insn_fetch function in arch / x86 / kvm / emulate.c in the x86 emulator in the KVM subsystem in the Linux kernel before 2.6.32-rc8-next-20091125 trie CVE -2009-4308
The ext4_decode_error function in fs/ ext4/super.c in the ext4 filesystem in the Linux kernel before 2.6.32 allows user - assisted remote attackers to ca CVE - 2009 - 4138 drivers / firewire /ohci.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.32 - git9 , when packet - per - buffer mode is used , allows local users to cause a denial of service ( CVE - 2009 - 4141 Use - after - free vulnerability in the fasync_helper function in fs / fcntl.c in the Linux kernel before 2.6.33 - rc4 - git1 allows local users to gain privile CVE - 2010 - 0006
The ipv6_hop_jumbo function in net / ipv6 / exthdrs.c in the Linux kernel ...
CVE - 2010 -0003
The print_fatal_signal function in kernel / signal.c in the Linux kernel ...
CVE - 2010-0007 net/bridge/netfilter/ebtables.c in the ebtables module in the ...
The list of kernel versions per distribution are available on the linux page .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Britain has offered new passports to six citizens whose identities were used by suspects in a Dubai assassination , hoping to save the Britons from inadvertent arrest under an Interpol alert , an official said on Friday .
Briton Paul Keeley from Nachsholim , Israel , whose identity has been allegedly stolen by a hit squad suspected of assassinating Hamas militant , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai , is seen in this February 17 , 2010 video grab .
REUTERS / Channel 10 via Reuters TV
Consular staff at the British embassy in Tel Aviv have tracked down the six , all of whom live in Israel , after Dubai police said an alleged hit squad had used their identities when entering the emirate to kill a top Hamas commander .
“ We have invited the nationals to come to the consular section in Tel Aviv to get new passports in place of the ones that Dubai police publicized with their identities , ” embassy spokesman Raffi Shamir said .
“ This step will reduce the risk that these people might be inadvertently detained , ” he added .
Dubai police have released the identities of 11 people carrying European passports , including those of the six Britons , which they said were used in the killing of Palestinian Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in a luxury hotel last month .
The international criminal police organization Interpol said on Thursday it had issued “ red notices ” for the 11 suspects to help find and arrest them anywhere in its 188 member countries .
Dubai ’s police chief said on Thursday he believed Israeli agents were responsible for the killing al - Mabhouh , a senior member of the Islamist group , and called for the Mossad spy agency ’s boss to be arrested if its responsibility was proved .
Israel has refused to comment on the January 19 killing .
The names and numbers on the original passports are the same as those used by the alleged agents , but the photographs and signatures are different , Shamir said .
Consular staff managed to contact all the British nationals in Israel whose identity was used in the cloned passports , including Melvyn Adam Mildiner , to whom Reuters spoke by phone on Tuesday , a day after his stolen identity was publicized with the others .
Six other suspects identified by Dubai used cloned passports from Ireland , France and Germany .
Britain called in Israel ’s ambassador to London Ron Prosor on Thursday to seek an explanation of how the passports of British citizens came to be used by the alleged killers .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband said a top British diplomat had made clear to Prosor “ how seriously we take any suggestion of fraudulent use of British passports ” and sought Israeli assistance .
Prosor said he was “ unable to assist ” the British with more information .
By John Aloysius Farrell , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
According to this morning 's exposé in the Washington Times , those very same Republican members of Congress who publicly condemned the 2009 stimulus bill -- insisting to us all that it would neither stimulate the economy nor create jobs -- privately believed just the opposite .
These GOP representatives and senators were so sure that the stimulus bill would be effective , in fact , that they could not get to their desks fast enough to start peppering the federal government with requests for projects in their districts .
After using the Freedom of Information Act to acquire the congressional correspondence to just one federal agency -- the Department of Agriculture -- the Times discovered more than a dozen two - faced GOP members , including Rep. Joe " You Lie " Wilson , the South Carolina Republican who interrupted President Obama 's speech to a joint session of Congress last year .
As the Times reported , Wilson voted against the stimulus but then " elbowed his way into the rush for federal stimulus cash " in a letter he sent to Agriculture Secretary Thomas Vilsack .
" We know their endeavor will provide jobs and investment , " Wilson said on behalf of some hometown candidates for stimulus funds .
Then there is Sen. Robert Bennett of Utah .
Not a bad guy .
But he also assured us that the stimulus bill was awful , then wrote to Vilsack with a list of home state projects seeking stimulus cash .
Like Wilson , Bennett was pretty sure that the stimulus would do what the Obama administration said it would .
Which is no big surprise , considering that almost every economist with a brain on the planet endorses counter - cyclical stimulus plans to ease recessions and ward off depressions .
As the Times reported :
" On Feb. 13 , 2009 , Sen. Robert F. Bennett , Utah Republican , issued a statement criticizing the stimulus -- but two days earlier , he privately forwarded to Mr. Vilsack a list of projects seeking stimulus money .
" I believe the addition of federal funds to these projects would maximize the stimulative effect of these projects on the local economy , " he wrote .
There is nothing new in this kind of hypocrisy .
Since Yorktown , American politicians have been complaining in public about waste and spending , while scheming in private to bring home the bacon .
And you know who encourages them ?
We , the people .
We hail the politicians and their brave talk about reducing the role of government , then nod with piggy approval when the local newspaper prints their picture at the ribbon - cutting ceremony for some Bridge to Nowhere .
That is politics .
But if we are really serious about changing things , if the debt this time is truly scary , then this is the kind of behavior that has to stop -- in both political parties .
CHICAGO -- Chester Taylor said the Chicago Bears ' potential to contend for a Super Bowl is one of the reasons he signed a four - year contract with the team on Friday .
The former Minnesota Vikings running back agreed to a $ 12.5 million deal , with $ 7 million guaranteed in the first year , a source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
" The Bears seem like they have a great opportunity to go to the Super Bowl , " Taylor said on " The Afternoon Saloon " on ESPN 1000 .
" I want to go to a team that could contend for the Super Bowl .
MOLOPO RIVER , South Africa — Peter Knipe ’s cattle ranch along the South African border with Botswana is deep in cheetah territory .
It is a sparsely populated area on the edge of the Kalahari Desert , where men on horseback round up cattle on the scrubland under a blazing sun .
In the 1980s and 1990s , few wild cheetahs were seen in these parts , but in recent years more and more have appeared , due in part to conservation efforts on the Botswana side .
Remote farms like Knipe ’s are among the few remaining havens for the cheetah , which number only about 10,000 in the world — down from 100,000 a century ago .
In southern Africa , most cheetahs live outside of protected reserves .
The cheetahs began killing the livestock , putting them at danger of retaliatory attacks from farmers .
At Knipe ’s ranch , some 50 to 70 young goats a season were perishing , almost all by cheetahs visiting his pastures for an easy meal .
Some farmers in the area became so frustrated that they would illegally shoot the cheetahs , poison them or leave them to die in traps set for jackals .
“ Cheetahs have been persecuted in this area , ” says Knipe .
On his 18,500 - acre ranch , Knipe keeps cows and goats as well as wild game such as kudu , impala , gemsbok and giraffes , which he breeds and sells .
Knipe says that while he would never kill a cheetah , he lamented the “ huge losses ” of his goats , which are like sitting ducks for predators .
So he decided to get a dog .
Neeake is an Anatolian shepherd dog , a Turkish breed renowned for its ability to guard livestock , and was donated to Knipe under a program run by the conservation group Cheetah Outreach .
The idea is that the dogs will help farmers protect their livestock , so the cheetahs will no longer be targeted by angry farmers , who are one of the biggest threats to their survival .
It ’s an innovative way to help an animal classified as “ vulnerable ” on the global list of endangered species .
Since Neeake came to the ranch at Molopo River a year and a half ago , Knipe has n’t lost any goats under the dog ’s watch .
He has been able to increase the size of his herd from 250 to more than 400 .
“ We ’ve got zero losses where we use the dogs , ” says Knipe , who recently got another Anatolian puppy to help him with his growing herd of goats .
Anatolian shepherds are big , powerful dogs that were bred to protect livestock from bears and wolves in central Turkey .
They do just as well against the cheetahs in Africa , in addition to the leopards , caracals , brown hyenas and jackals also in the area along the South Africa - Botswana border .
The dogs are highly intelligent and independent and their short hair makes them well - suited for keeping cool on hot African days .
On Knipe ’s farm , Neeake was placed with the goat kids when he was a puppy and grew up next to them , developing a strong and loyal bond .
Now he stays with the goats all day , keeping watch for intruders as they graze and sleeping with them in their corral at night , although in a dog house .
“ He stays out with the goats .
That ’s his place , ” says Knipe .
Knipe also keeps Rottweiler dogs as pets , but says that Neeake is different .
Like a protective mother goat he is constantly vigilant and on the lookout for predators , and not easily distracted .
“ He ’s not like a normal house dog , ” says Knipe .
The Cheetah Outreach program tells of the amazing feats of Anatolians in protecting their livestock from cheetahs and other predators .
A young dog named Crickey fought off a leopard to save his herd .
He was badly injured , and after a visit to the vet , was taken into the farmhouse to recover .
But Crickey had other ideas , and that night he escaped from the house and walked 9 miles to return to his herd .
Another Anatolian shepherd , Uthaya , was seen gently dragging an old and sickly ewe in his herd into the shade on a hot day .
Cyril Stannard , coordinator for the Anatolian shepherd project , says that at first some farmers were skeptical of the program .
“ It was a new concept and so we had to prove it , ” he says .
“ Luckily the dogs we have placed have proved themselves . ”
The dogs have reduced livestock losses by 95 to 100 percent , according to Stannard .
They mostly guard sheep and goats , but some have been trained to protect cattle .
The farmers say that as long as they ’re not losing livestock to cheetahs , they are n’t tempted to hunt the wild cats .
“ The farmers have become tolerant , ” Stannard says .
Stannard says that 76 dogs have been placed since 2005 in the three areas where the program is active in South Africa , along the borders with Botswana and Zimbabwe .
It ’s an area he describes as “ the last frontier for free - ranging cheetahs ” in South Africa .
Cheetahs are the fastest animal in the world , hitting speeds of up to 70 miles per hour in explosive but short bursts of energy .
Cheetah cub mortality is as high as 90 percent , largely due to attacks by predators such as lions .
Their habitat has been dramatically reduced in the past 100 years , as it has for all other wild animals in Africa .
But unlike other animals , cheetahs do n’t do very well on nature reserves .
While they are keen hunters , they are poor fighters because of their small jaws and teeth , and they lose much of their prey to more aggressive animals such as hyenas and lions .
Cheetahs tend to run away rather than fight .
In Swaziland , which is bordered on three sides by South Africa , a man plead guilty in court recently for shooting and then eating a cheetah that had killed 10 of his 14 goats , according to the Times of Swaziland .
In Knipe ’s area , the view towards cheetahs is changing .
With the Anatolian shepherd dogs came education programs for farm staff , and awareness about cheetahs has spread out into the community .
For example , people in the area who were once fearful of cheetahs are learning that the animals rarely attack humans .
Knipe concluded , “ the farmers are becoming cheetah - friendly . ”
Republican vs. Democrat
They Steal Your Beliefs
polyamorous
freedom
sex
Another Erosion of Freedoms
Make A Choice
freedom
security
Click
for your version of Sexual Motivation .
That may be wishful thinking .
It turns out there 's a reason humans still cling to the behaviors that get us tagged as assholes .
They might just make us healthier .
We tend to think of calm , peaceful Zen master types as the healthiest and happiest people in the species .
After all , that twice - divorced , douchebag stock broker getting red in the face as he screams insults into the phone will surely be dead of a heart attack before he 's 50 , right ?
6 Cursing Increases Pain Tolerance
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Most linguists agree that the reason we have such a thing as cursing in human language is because it 's fucking awesome .
But why do we do it when we 're in pain ?
Like maybe you were making yourself a cup of coffee in the break room or kitchen and turned around to find that someone left a cabinet door open and that door is now smacking you right in the goddamn face .
Hurt like hell , did n't it ?
But it seemed to hurt a little less when you screamed " OH FUCK A SHITTING WHORE . "
Feeling better ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That 's because cursing can increase pain tolerance .
It 's science .
Dr. Richard Stephens of Keele University 's School of Psychology got 64 undergraduate students to stick their hands in ice water .
In one round they were to choose a curse word of their choosing ( though we have to wonder how they decided what was a curse word since for some , " dickfeathers " qualifies ) .
The next round they put their hand in while repeating a commonplace word .
Ahhhh Kelly Clarkson !!
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Cursing increased pain tolerance amongst participants , who lasted longer than when they said a common word .
While psychologists have n't established why , they believe " downplaying feebleness in favor of a more pain - tolerant machismo " unlocks something in the brain , perhaps the same thing that long ago helped us survive fights with other cavemen by getting good and pissed off the first time they hit us with a rock .
They also noted cursing starts from the more emotional right brain than the uppity school boy left brain , where most language occurs and the parties are all boring and shit .
In the aftermath of the climate talks in Copenhagen , it is evident that fundamental change is needed in how we write energy and environmental policy .
Even without much “ light ” at the end of the Copenhagen tunnel , a clean energy economy is emerging .
From 2006 to 2008 , energy efficiency and renewables attracted $ 12.5 billion in U.S. private investment via venture capital funds according to a Center for American Progress , 2009 report .
If investments continue to grow , a significant level of reduction in carbon will be realized while the UN tries to recover from self - inflicted wounds at Copenhagen .
It seems to us that we should be asking how we might deliver a revolution in energy services similar to the one in information .
We take for granted today what was not possible just a few years ago .
Access to information and services without the constraint of bureaucratic gatekeepers is ordinary now but was unimaginable before the Internet .
In the blink of an eye , information and its delivery has been revolutionized , with start - ups such as social networking sites achieving extraordinary success in only a few years .
A growing number of communities are developing comprehensive energy approaches that promise fundamental lifestyle changes similar to what we witnessed with information .
These experiments include a “ net zero energy ” buildingscape ( Austin , Texas ) , carless transport during certain hours ( London ) , low / no - carbon communication ( Google ’s green data network ) and industrial ecology - based manufacturing ( Kalundbord , Denmark ) .
All of these initiatives represent efforts to boldly craft 21st - century answers to the new era ’s economic and social needs that go beyond the carbon accounting model hotly debated for 15 years .
Indeed , these options seek to remove the problem rather than waste time counting molecules .
Unleashing the social and market forces that are needed to achieve a real transition to sustainability will require new institutions .
The Sustainable Energy Utility ( SEU ) is just such an institution and was recently mandated by law in Delaware .
Also by law , the state of Delaware is now required to reduce in - state energy use from all fuels by 30 % before 2017 and source 20 % of electricity from renewable sources by 2020 .
The SEU does not spend time penalizing failure to switch to clean energy ; instead , it marshals capital and policy to reward and support those communities and businesses willing to build an entirely new future .
Just What Is a Sustainable Energy Utility , and Why Do We Need It ?
Designed as an independent , non-profit , and financially self - sufficient entity , the SEU delivers energy efficiency , conservation and distributed renewable energy to everyone .
Its distinction lies in its potential to help overcome the formidable disincentives to investing in sustainable energy , such as the misalignment between the utility provider ’s and customer ’s returns on investment and the government rules that create risks for the future value of investments .
The SEU seeks to capitalize on the fact that with sustainable energy the individual benefits may be small in isolation , but they are massive in aggregate .
The SEU counteracts these challenges by providing a framework for the delivery of distributed energy services that are competitive , financeable and low / no - carbon in character .
One method of accomplishing these ends is to monetize future benefits through service guarantees .
The SEU assembles the capital needed to invest in sustainable energy projects and recovers its investments by sharing in the monetized gains .
Other methods for phasing out the use of ‘ obese ’ energy resources borrow from models in Vermont , California and New York .
Learning from others and offering new tools for energy sustainability , the SEU is becoming a model in its own right with Washington DC , Philadelphia and Seoul , South Korea investigating its use .
The SEU is a major departure from the supply - side approaches practiced by most U.S. energy utilities .
Its economics depends upon reducing rather than increasing supply .
The SEU also differs in its approach from traditional demand - side utility policies by placing the economics of users , rather than utilities , as its foremost concern .
Creating ‘ Green ’ Jobs and Unleashing Market Forces
With national unemployment hovering around 10 % , the SEU is uniquely suited to create sustainable jobs .
Investments in onsite renewable energy can produce 2 - 5 times as many new , permanent jobs as investments in conventional energy .
Investments in energy efficiency and conservation could generate 3 - 4 times as many new , permanent jobs as conventional energy options .
Importantly , the bulk of these jobs cannot be outsourced .
To achieve success , the SEU approach requires the creation of an economic climate and incentives to attract investors .
The SEU ’s financial resources include tax - exempt bonds and the proceeds of carbon allowances sold in auctions of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative operated by Northeast states .
These are targeted to provide seed capital to companies and communities prepared to take large - scale actions .
The SEU is a bold strategy to change how energy systems interact with ecosystems and society .
While it has had a ‘ driver ’s license ’ for less than one year , its achievements with a ‘ learner ’s permit ’ have been substantial .
The SEU enabled Delaware to be the first state to fully deploy American Reinvestment and Recovery Act appliance rebate funds ; and its ‘ green bond ’ authority is working to invest over $ 25 million in green infrastructure that will drive down the energy requirements and costs of its public building stock .
On top of these achievements , the SEU has spurred new solar power projects that could move the state from 8th place to 1st place in installed solar capacity per-capita among the 50 states ; and it has opened a ‘ sustainable communities ’ program that has attracted pledges of more than $ 40 million in private equity .
Not bad for eight months ’ effort in a small state .
Dr. John Byrne ( pictured top , left ) is Distinguished Professor of Energy and Climate Policy , and Director of the Center for Energy and Environmental Policy ( CEEP ) at the University of Delaware .
He is a shared recipient of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with other researchers of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Francis Hodsoll is Vice President at Pace Global Energy Services responsible for the development of renewable energy generation projects .
Dr. Kristen Hughes is a Policy Fellow at the Center for Energy and Environmental Policy ( CEEP ) at the University of Delaware .
Concepcion , Chile ( CNN ) --
You could n't see the sun rise in Concepcion because the cloud cover was so thick .
You could n't hear a sound because a curfew had silenced the streets .
The only activity was the occasional rumble of the Earth .
And , after each rumble , a little more brick and roof gave way in this shattered little city .
Concepcion feels like it 's falling to pieces .
It 's not just pieces of homes vulnerable to the earthquakes -- most have stood up well .
It 's falling apart from the aftereffects that have plagued this city since that awful morning : the looting , the lack of fuel , food and water and a burning frustration that not enough is being done for people with high expectations of their government .
A fire at a clothing store seems on the verge of reigniting .
Piles of newly fallen bricks and glass block streets , products of a night of persistent shaking .
The military seems to have invaded , firing into the air to deter looting and rolling large military equipment through empty communities .
Full coverage of the Chilean earthquake
All this carries on while a rescue operation seems to be wrapping up .
Manuel Mendoza , a firefighter , told a crowd gathered around a collapsed 15 - story building that the searchers did n't have the right type of equipment to pick through the rubble .
It was n't long before an aftershock drove his men from even their limited search .
They have n't heard sounds of life since early Monday morning .
A police unit has shown up to sift through personal belongings recovered inside and marked them according to floor .
They wanted something to give to relatives , even if just an unusable laptop .
O'Brien : Looters are leaving the biggest aftershocks
A woman showed up to marvel at how she and her husband and two kids emerged alive from the 12th floor .
It 's so low now that her daughter 's bedroom window is a foot from the ground .
We could poke our heads in and see it was crushed , yet here she was with a soft neck brace .
She was ready to leave , and so seemed much of Concepcion .
The curfew ran from 6 p.m. to noon , stalling people eager to go out in search of water or fuel .
So when it lifted , the town seemed to erupt with activity .
After more than three days of looting and aftershocks , people headed to the airport by the hundreds .
i Report : Are you there ?
|
In Spanish
Among those were vacationers who had been enjoying the last week of summer vacation on the coast .
As they boarded a Chilean military flight out of Concepcion , some of the women kissed the soldiers assisting them .
Gen. Leopoldo Moya told us the military had taken over the commercial airport and was taking out anyone who wanted to escape the chaos in Concepcion .
The passengers clapped as they took off on a big gray air force plane headed for the capital , Santiago , which has troubles of its own .
But there was relief .
Camilo Barrios , a Mexican on vacation , had not spoken to his family since the earthquake .
He knew they'd be worried and asked me to e-mail them .
His face softened into a gigantic smile when they responded " Gracias a Dios . "
He was out .
He was OK .
He was on his way home .
CROSSWORD UPDATE : ANSWERS ARE HERE
Are you a true food expert ?
Test your knowledge with this special food crossword by Michele Humes .
We 'll post the answers on Monday for those who'd like them .
And anyone who finishes before then , we want to hear from you in the comments section !
You can do the puzzle online by clicking here or download a printable pdf .
Shop the Story
Michele Humes lives in Brooklyn and writes about food .
She keeps two rabbits , Peanut and Brodsky , who double as disposal units for a variety of vegetable trimmings .
Follow her on Twitter : michelehumes
L/ Cpl Joe Glenton was absent for two years and six days A soldier who refused to return to Afghanistan because he opposes the war has been jailed after admitting going absent without leave ( Awol ) .
L/ Cpl Joe Glenton , 27 , from York , joined the Army in 2004 but absconded in 2007 after serving with the Royal Logistic Corps in Afghanistan .
He handed himself in after two years and six days ' absence .
Glenton , based in Oxfordshire , was jailed for nine months in Colchester and reduced to the rank of private .
He was told he would serve two - thirds of his sentence at a military corrective training centre .
The court martial was told that Glenton , who later campaigned against the conflict , was discovered to be absent on 11 June 2007 , when he was due to return to Dalton Barracks in Abingdon .
When he first raised with his staff sergeant his reluctance to be deployed again ... it resulted in the sergeant at the time bullying and intimidating
Nick Wrack , mitigating
He returned to barracks 737 days later on 16 June 2009 , when he was charged .
During that time Glenton went to south - east Asia and Australia .
He had previously performed a seven - month tour of duty in Afghanistan .
When he returned he was ordered to go back to the conflict zone .
Nick Wrack , in mitigation , told the court martial that this was nine months after his previous tour had finished , even though military guidelines suggest soldiers should not be deployed again within 18 months .
Mr Wrack said Glenton had suffered from post traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) after his first tour of duty .
' Coward and malingerer '
He told the court that when Glenton raised concerns about going back he suffered bullying .
" When he first raised with his staff sergeant his reluctance to be deployed again , instead of being dealt with in a sensible way , it resulted in the sergeant at the time bullying and intimidating L / Cpl Glenton , " he said .
" He was called a coward and a malingerer .
" When this information was brought to his commanding officer , the sergeant was spoken to , but this reinforced the bullying . "
Consultant psychiatrist Lars Davidsson told the court Glenton may have reacted the way he did because of PTSD .
Glenton took part in an anti-war protest in October last year .
After the hearing a spokesman for the Stop the War Coalition said : " Joe Glenton is not the person who should be facing a jail sentence .
" It should be the politicians who have led us into disastrous wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "
His mother , Sue Glenton , said : " I am extremely angry .
The court barely paid lip service to justice .
" The judge clearly did n't listen to the arguments or if she did she ignored them .
The lawyers are considering an appeal .
" The Ministry of Defence will be hearing a lot more from me . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When the Department of Homeland Security 's National Operations Center wants to " improve its situational awareness and common operating picture , " the action officers there " monitor " Wired.com 's Danger Room and Threat Level .
That 's according to a couple of DHS " Privacy Impact Assessments " spotted by * USA Today * and Newsweek 's * Declassified * blog .
Other sites monitored by DHS include Wikileaks , Cryptome , Homeland Security Watch , and " Borderfire Report , an anti-immigration blog which includes postings related to internal frictions inside the Tea Party movement , " as Declassified puts it .
In Paris , the customer is not always right
The idea of service is taken very seriously in France where any feeling of subservience is strongly resisted , as Emma Jane Kirby discovered .
Parisian workers traditionally regard themselves as the customer 's equal Paris is in a bad mood .
The sullen , steel - grey sky seems to be permanently snivelling sleet .
The Seine , swollen against its banks , pushes and squeezes its way through the city like an irascible woman in too - tight shoes .
And the January depression has even sucked some of the glitzy dazzle out of the Eiffel Tower , leaving it looking - at least from a distance - like a rather cheap , left - over Christmas decoration .
It may be the city of romance and a mecca for tourists , but right now Paris feels and looks like it just cannot be bothered any more to turn on the charm .
Not that this city is exactly known for its sense of service .
The customer is allegedly always right in London but , in Paris , he or she is little more than an irritant .
Cab ' service '
A couple of months back , I broke my leg in a skiing accident and became completely reliant on Paris 's taxi service .
Under the circumstances , even though I was paying for this ride , I felt unable to ask this clearly sensitive man to turn down his deafening rap music
Wobbling precariously on my crutches after a family dinner in a local restaurant , I hailed the first cab in the rank .
He drove up , glanced at my plastered leg and drove straight off again shouting : " I do n't take cripples .
Your crutches might damage my paintwork ! "
Somewhat stupefied , I hailed the next cab in line and politely asked the driver if I could sit up front as it was easier for my leg .
" I 'm not arranging my whole damn cab to accommodate you , " he snapped .
" I 've got all my personal things piled on the front seat ! "
As he drove off at an angry speed , I got a glance of the front passenger seat and saw it was adorned with one folded newspaper .
The taxi driver who finally chauffeured me home was pleasant enough , although a stark notice on the back of the seat reminded me that it would not be wise to push my luck .
" Do not use your mobile phone in this cab , " warned the hand - written sticker , " it annoys your driver . "
Under the circumstances , even though I was paying for this ride , I felt unable to ask this clearly sensitive man to turn down his deafening rap music .
' I 'm not your slave '
The fact is Parisians employed in any service industry simply do not buy into the Anglo Saxon maxim , " He who pays the piper calls the tune . "
In France your waiter expects to be addressed formally as Monsieur , in exactly the same way he will address you
The revolution of 1789 has burned the notion of equality deep into the French psyche and a proud Parisian finds it abhorrently degrading to act subserviently .
This Sunday , a Parisian friend of mine waited in line at the fruit and vegetable stall of his local market .
When it was his turn to be served , he asked the seller for a kilo of leeks .
" They 're at the other end of the stall , " snapped the vendor waspishly .
" Take a bit of exercise and get them yourself . "
There is no mistaking the undertone , " I 'm not your slave . "
At my doctor 's , the two dour receptionists are quite delightful when we meet on the street , sharing jokes and asking kindly after my broken leg .
Back behind their desk , however , they brood and scowl .
There is not even a gesture of recognition , let alone a friendly smile .
On the street it is acknowledged that we are equals but , once back in the surgery - in that uncomfortable position of service provider and client - the receptionists become wary of a potential shift of power and are quick to squash any assumptions of superiority .
Blunt honesty
In America , your waiter comes to your restaurant table to tell you his name is Joe .
Here , your waiter expects to be addressed formally as Monsieur , in exactly the same way he will address you .
It is made clear from the start that no - one has the upper hand .
The strict code of manners in Paris is a deliberate class - leveller .
' Do n't even think about it , ' said the shop assistant bluntly , ' not with that big fat leg '
Perhaps Parisians are just being honest .
Our American waiter Joe , after all , only promises to give us " good folks a great time " because he wants a terrific tip but , in Paris , providing quality is a matter of personal pride .
In the boulangerie next to our office , the baker spends a good 90 seconds skilfully wrapping up my plain brioche into an artistic cornet , even though she must know I will rip it open the second I leave her shop .
When I ask the local greengrocer for an avocado , he asks when I plan to eat it before dutifully feeling every avocado in the box to find the one which will be perfectly ripe on that day .
Last week , as I waited in the damp gloom for a taxi to take me home after yet another hospital appointment , I decided to shelter in the expensive dress shop next door .
I held up a woollen dress against me and admired myself in the mirror .
The shop assistant , nonchalantly blowing bubble - gum bubbles , looked narrowly at me and shook her head .
" Do n't even think about it , " she said bluntly , " not with that big fat leg . "
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Statement from Buzz Aldrin : A New Direction In Space
Today I wish to endorse strongly the President ’s new direction for NASA .
As an Apollo astronaut , I know the importance of always pushing new frontiers as we explore space .
The truth is that we have already been to the Moon — some 40 years ago .
A near - term focus on lowering the cost of access to space and on developing key , cutting - edge technologies to take us further , faster , is just what our Nation needs to maintain its position as the leader in space exploration for the rest of this century .
We need to be in this for the long haul , and this program will allow us to again be pushing the boundaries to achieve new and challenging things beyond Earth .
I hope NASA will embrace this new direction as much as I do , and help us all continue to use space exploration to drive prosperity and innovation right here on Earth .
I also believe the steps we will be taking following the President ’s direction will best position NASA and other space agencies to send humans to Mars and other exciting destinations as quickly as possible .
To do that , we will need to support many types of game - changing technologies NASA and its partners will be developing .
Mars is the next frontier for humankind , and NASA will be leading the way there if we aggressively support the President ’s plans .
Finally , I am excited to think that the development of commercial capabilities to send humans into low - Earth orbit will likely result in so many more Earthlings being able to experience the transformative power of spaceflight .
I can personally attest to the fact that the experience results in a different perspective on life on Earth , and on our future as a species .
I applaud the President for working to make this dream a reality .
Buzz Aldrin
This is a alternative interface to browse the Official jQuery Documentation that can be found on GitHub .
The aim of this project is to get out of the way of your development work .
Quickly switch to this docs and find what you are looking for .
Furthermore you can download this documentation and browse it offline .
In the future you do n't even need to download it to have it available offline .
This Open - Source project is still under development .
If you are having trouble with it you can still use the old jQAPI .
This project was made possible through crowdfunding .
A special thanks to our sponsor and these great folks :
One complaint commonly leveled against the iPhone is that it can't run multiple apps at the same time .
However , sources for AppleInsider say that Apple is finally planning to incorporate a task manager that will integrate with the established iPhone user interface in the next major revision of iPhone OS , expected to be available this summer .
Like Mac OS
X on which it is based , iPhone OS is fully capable of running multiple processes at once .
In fact , it does run multiple processes — iPod , Mail , voicemail and phone processes continually run in the background .
What it does n't do is run multiple third - party apps at the same time .
Want to listen to Pandora while answering e-mails ?
Run a GPS tracking app while checking your tweets ?
Sorry , no can do .
Apple has given a number of reasons for enforcing this limitation .
The company claims that multiple apps running simultaneously will run down the battery faster , or could lead to more out - of - memory errors as apps contend for the constrained resources of the iPhone .
Also , since non-Apple apps can't run in the background , there 's virtually zero chance that malware could run without a user noticing .
Finally , limiting the iPhone to one app at a time keeps things simple enough for even the most tech - averse users to understand how it works .
However , the latest rumor says that Apple has a " full - on solution " to the problem coming in iPhone OS 4.0 .
No specifics were revealed , so there are no details about how Apple has implemented managing multiple running apps .
Remember , it took three major versions of iPhone OS before there was system - wide cut - copy - paste functionality , and the interface ended up working extremely well .
We expect Apple has likewise put extensive work into making running multiple apps as straightforward as possible while still offering reasonable levels of stability , battery life , security , and ease of use .
It ’s been rumored for more than a year now , but the U.S. Postal Service is taking the first steps toward eliminating Saturday mail delivery :
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) —
Saturday mail could be one step closer to cancellation when the United States Postal Service submits an official proposal to a government regulatory board on Tuesday to eliminate 6 - day delivery .
A new 5 - day delivery schedule could save the cash - strapped Post Office $ 3 billion annually , the agency said .
Earlier this month , USPS said it plans to incur about $ 238 billion in losses in the next 10 years if it does n’t revamp its outdated business model .
“ Every day , every month , every year this gets delayed , we end up further in the hole , ” said USPS Deputy Postmaster Patrick Donahoe at a Monday briefing in New York .
Donahoe said a service cut would result in the loss of about 40,000 full - time jobs .
About 600,000 workers currently work for the Post Office .
The Post Office hopes to drop Saturday mail in its next fiscal year , which starts Oct. 1 . But first , it has to jump through a series of regulatory hoops that could take much longer .
Although it ’s an independent government agency and does not receive taxpayer dollars , USPS is overseen by the Postal Regulatory Commission , a separate government agency with five commissioners appointed by the president .
Ruth Goldway , chairwoman of the commission , said that once the board receives the proposal , it will open the issue to public comments and hold hearings throughout the country .
This , of course , is part of the USPS ’s problem .
If it were a real business , with competitors , it would n’t need to seek government permission to engage in cost cutting moves like this .
The Post Office has already set up a website explaining why the move to five day delivery is necessary , and a new poll shows that most Americans support eliminating Saturday delivery :
A majority of Americans support ending Saturday mail deliveries to help the U.S. Postal Service solve its financial problems , but most oppose shuttering local branches , according to a new Washington Post poll .
The public support for moving to five - day deliveries may bolster a new proposal to end six - day deliveries to help the mail agency trim hundreds of billions of dollars in losses by 2020 .
Cutting Saturday mail deliveries would save $ 3.3 billion in its first year and about $ 5.1 billion annually by 2020 , Postmaster General John E. Potter said Monday .
But the changes would also mean cutting the equivalent of 40,000 full - and part - time jobs through layoffs and attrition , Potter said as he prepared to formally submit his proposals to postal regulators on Tuesday .
Under the plan letter carriers would stop delivering mail to American homes and businesses and would not pick up mail from blue collection boxes on Saturdays .
Post offices would stay open on Saturdays and mail would be delivered to post office boxes .
Mail accepted at post offices on Saturday would be processed on Monday .
Express mail and remittance mail services also would continue seven days a week .
Potter ’s proposal has the support of 71 percent of Americans , with most Democrats , Republicans and independents in favor of the idea , according to the poll .
It sounds like a good idea , but over at Cato@Liberty , Ted DeHaven has an even better one :
Here ’s a better idea : give Americans the freedom to choose the mail services they want by repealing the USPS monopoly .
That way consumers and businesses could choose to provide and use mail services zero days a week or seven days a week .
Online movie rental services like Netflix offer a small example .
A lot of folks time their Netflix rentals so that they have movies for Saturday night .
Eliminating Saturday delivery will necessarily degrade the quality of online movie rental services that people are paying for .
With competition , Netflix could offer Saturday ( or even Sunday ) delivery through a private alternative .
Perhaps there would be a surcharge , but at least consumers would be allowed to make that choice . (…)
I find it more impressive that I can go into a grocery store almost anywhere in the country and be met with an incalculable number of choices .
Take Coke products for instance .
I recently made a list of the various Coke products available to me at a local grocery store .
The following is just a sample : regular Coke , Diet Coke , Caffeine - Free Coke , Diet Caffeine - free Coke , Coke Zero , Coke with Splenda , Coke with Lime , Coke with Lemon , and Diet Coke Plus .
Do n’t like Coke ?
There ’s a similar array of Pepsi products .
Do n’t like either ?
The grocery stores also offer pricier micro-brands with all sorts of unique flavors .
These choices reflect the awesome power of the market , which provides nearly all the goods and services people want without any direction from officials in Washington .
It would interesting to see what sorts of innovations and products private mail deliverers would come up with if the government ’s mail monopoly did n’t exist .
Instead , Americans are stuck with a government operation whose floundering business model will require it to raise prices while simultaneously reducing its services .
So much for freedom of choice .
Eliminating Saturday delivery is likely to help the USPS achieve fiscal solvency , but it will only be temporary .
The forces of technology that are making much of the mail obsolete will continue to work in ways that we ca n’t begin to anticipate and , some day not to long from now , we ’ll be reading they want to cut back to a four day a week schedule to “ save money . ”
Instead of going through all that , let ’s do what we should have done a long time ago — privatize the mail .
Investors should expect to see more sovereign debt defaults , says Marc Faber , the editor of The Gloom Boom & Doom Report .
He said sovereign debt defaults occur after a financial crisis .
The countries to look out for now are Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain .
Countries will have problems paying their debt , he told Yahoo Tech Ticker .
Portugal and other countries have a great likelihood of defaulting occurring even as soon as the next two years , he said .
Defaults from those countries could also kill the euro , Faber said .
Confidence in Greece is waning as its deficit rises and credit ratings are slashed , Reuters reported .
Greek ’s weak economy is affecting the euro .
“ What is really crushing the euro is additional concern about the serviceability of the massive amount of debt rung up in Greece , ” said Dan Cook , a senior market analyst at IG Markets in Chicago .
While that issue remains up in the air , “ we will likely see a lot of selling pressure on the euro , ” he said .
Last month , Moody ’s Investors Service and two other major agencies decreased Greece 's debt rating , Dow Jones reported .
Moody ’s said that Portugal and Greece , which both have high levels of debt , could experience a “ slow death ” while much of the countries ’ money is needed to pay back its debt .
Investor sentiment about the ability of Greece to repay its debt is waning .
“ The central bank has clearly chosen to maintain its pressure on the Greek government , rather than easing the heightened tensions in bond markets , ” said Laurent Bilke , a former ECB economist now at Nomura International PLC in London .
© 2020 Newsmax Finance .
All rights reserved .
Stunning colour film of 1920s London ...
This wonderful film was made in 1927 by Claude Friese - Greene .
Colour film from the 1920s is exceptionally rare , and this is a very powerful example .
It shows scenes of London Bridge , the Thames , the Tower of London , Greenwich Observatory , the London docks , Whitehall , the Cenotaph , Trafalgar Square , Hyde Park , Marble Arch , Petticoat Lane , the Oval , the Changing of the Guard , Rotten Row , and the Houses of Parliament .
The Cenotaph sequence from around 3:37 to 3:54 is very poignant .
This was filmed only nine years after the end of the Great War .
The women and looking at the wreaths would very likely be wives and mothers of the men killed , and the Second World War was , at that time , inconceivable .
Claude Friese - Greene was the son of pioneering cinematographer William Friese - Greene , and devoted himself to developing commercially his father ’s colour process - Biocolour - but without great success .
It was soon overtaken by Technicolor and Claude abandoned the process .
His role as a pioneer of colour film has now been recognised .
The footage is part of London ’s Screen Archives and the British Film Archive .
Evaden impuestos , falsean datos , ofrecen servicios que no pueden brindar
Ser proveedor del gobierno federal resulta tan atractivo para los empresarios , que gran parte de ellos no duda en recurrir a todo tipo de trampas para amarrar los contratos en disputa , incluso si la dependencia a la que se pretende engañar es el mismísimo Centro de Inteligencia y Seguridad Nacional ( Cisen ) .
Los casos son variados .
Por ejemplo , el del especialista en motivación Miguel Ángel Cornejo , quien pretendía venderle libros al Ejército y ocultó que no estaba al corriente con sus impuestos ; el de Integra Personal , compañía que se dedica a dar cursos sobre “ valores y ética ” , aunque para ganar la licitación presentó datos falsos , o el del Instituto Regional de Tratamiento del Cáncer , que pretendía vender al IMSS servicios de atención con radiación para sus derechohabientes , pero que “ carecía de fuente radioactiva ” para hacerlo .
De acuerdo con la Secretaría de la Función Pública ( SFP ) , en 2009 fueron inhabilitadas más de 700 empresas .
En entrevista con EL UNIVERSAL , el responsable del Órgano Interno de Control del Cisen , Pablo Zamora , informó que promovieron la inhabilitación de Blindajes Mexicanos SA de CV por 19 meses , es decir , hasta agosto de 2010 .
Explicó que la suspensión de la empresa obedeció a que suscribió un contrato cuando aún no pagaba una multa por 570 mil pesos .
Blindajes Mexicanos promovió un amparo que llegó hasta la Suprema Corte de Justicia .
También está inhabilitado el Instituto Regional de Tratamiento del Cáncer , que terminará de cumplir la sanción en abril de 2010 , además de pagar una multa de más de 400 mil pesos , tras haber asegurado , en la firma del contrato con el IMSS , que tenía todo el equipo para prestar servicios de radioterapia y braquioteria .
Según la SFP , “ hubo dolo , porque en realidad carecía de la fuente radioactiva para su funcionamiento ” .
Nadie se salva Teresa Mayela y/o Azteca Seguridad Privada terminó una inhabilitación de tres meses en enero de 2008 , luego de pagar una multa de 72 mil 500 pesos por haber suscrito un contrato con el Sistema Integral de Tiendas y Farmacias del ISSSTE , pues omitió decir que el convenio involucraba a familiares que prestaban servicios en la dependencia .
Editores como Miguel Ángel Cornejo , quien es conocido por sus conferencias y obras motivacionales , fue multado en mayo de 2008 por pretender vender sus libros al Ejército cuando tenía deudas con el fisco .
El Banco Nacional del Ejército , Fuerza Aérea y Armada promovió una multa en su contra por más de 18 mil pesos , además de una inhabilitación .
Una situación similar ocurrió con Integra Personal , empresa que fomenta los “ valores y la ética ” con una serie de cursos ; sus directivos ganaron una licitación presentando datos falsos .
En enero de 2010 , Integra Personal fue sancionada con 85 mil pesos de multa y una inhabilitación por haber proporcionado información falsa para dar “ capacitación , entrenamiento y desarrollo humano en valores y ética ” al corporativo de Petróleos Mexicanos .
En 2009 , la Fundación Amigos del Arcoiris fue contratada para brindar asesoría a los hijos de trabajadores de la Secretaría de Energía , mediante “ actividades sociales , culturales , deportivas , excursiones y encuentros ” .
La Fundación entregó una póliza de una fianza falsa , por lo que fue sancionada con 82 mil 200 pesos y una inhabilitación que vence en abril de 2010 .
El Corporativo de Servicios Empresariales y Gastronómicos SA de CV firmó un contrato con el Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes a pesar de estar inhabilitado por haber incumplido un convenio con la Secretaría de Gobernación ( Segob ) en julio de 2007 .
Esta empresa volvió a ser inhabilitada hasta octubre de 2007 , con una multa por más de 72 mil pesos .
El 17 de octubre de 2008 , la SFP inhabilitó durante 18 meses a Global Romorake SA de CV , y le aplicó una multa de más de 478 mil pesos , luego de confirmar en el contrato la vinculación comercial entre esa empresa y un servidor público de Petróleos Mexicanos en el área de Refinación .
Tras los vaivenes legales , la Primera Sala Regional Noroeste de Nuevo León concedió la suspensión provisional para que no se le impida a Global Romorake participar en licitaciones con las dependencias de la administración pública .
El mundo del cine también ha sido suspendido , luego de ser inhabilitada Digital Films y Video por dos años y siete meses — hasta el 8 de abril de 2010 — , con una multa por más de 75 mil pesos , luego de que Pronósticos Deportivos le adjudicara un contrato erróneamente , y no aclarara que su propuesta no era la que el funcionario había establecido .
Pero la industria farmacéutica es hasta ahora una de las más sancionadas por el gobierno federal .
Greetings Facebook Fold !
It ’s time for a dose of truth …
How many things on Facebook are you a fan of ?
Go .
- bman
Under the Financial Services Compensation
Scheme the first £ 50,000 of any deposit is protected if a bank fails
The UK government is withdrawing its unlimited 100 % guarantee on savings with Northern Rock , moving the state - controlled bank another step closer to independence .
The Treasury announced this morning that its pledge to underwrite all deposits at the bank will expire on 24 May .
This will bring Northern Rock into line with the rest of the UK banking sector , and follows complaints from rivals that it had an unfair advantage .
City minister Paul Myners said that the move demonstrated that Northern Rock has returned to a stronger financial footing since being nationalised two years ago .
" Over the last two years , we have worked to get the bank back to financial health .
We have taken a number of important steps , most recently to divide the bank into a retail business that will be sold back to the private sector in due course , and an asset management company that will remain in government ownership , " said Myners .
" Our goal is to see the taxpayer get a good return on its investment in the bank and for Northern Rock to focus on providing an excellent service to its customers . "
The guarantee on Northern Rock deposits was introduced on 17 September 2007 , in an effort to calm the panic that saw tens of thousands of savers descend on Northern Rock branches after it sought help from the Bank of England .
Under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme - which was beefed up after the financial crisis began - the first £ 50,000 of any deposit is protected if a bank fails .
Today 's announcement affects people with variable rate savings accounts .
Those who currently hold a fixed - rate product with Northern Rock , such as a savings bond , will continue to enjoy 100 % protection for the lifetime of the account .
Gary Hoffman , chief executive of Northern Rock , welcomed the government 's move .
" This is another positive step in the right direction and the decision reflects our good progress and the strong capital position of Northern Rock , " said Hoffman .
Mutual appreciation ?
Mutual societies have complained that the unlimited guarantee gave Northern Rock an unfair advantage , allowing it to borrow money at a cheaper rate and offer better deals to savers .
The Building Societies Association welcomed the removal of the guarantee , but warned that its members are still being penalised because they are not being directly supported by the state .
" Banks , NS&I and the Post Office all have significant public sector support .
The guarantee has enabled Northern Rock to attract substantial inflows following the bank 's nationalisation , " said Adrian Coles , director - general of the BSA .
Coles is particularly concerned about NS&I , which offers premium bonds and holds a total of £ 94bn of savings .
" The government should also consider setting a negative , or at the very least zero , financing target for NS&I in 2010 / 11 to avoid further distortions from NS&I .
We also call on the Treasury to ensure that the part - nationalised banks , Lloyds and RBS , do not operate in a way that distorts the savings market through their government ownership , " Coles said .
Northern Rock has now been split into a " Good Bank " which will hold its savings deposits and offer new loans , and a " Bad Bank " which will be left with many of its legacy mortgages .
The virtuous part is expected to be sold to a private bidder after the general election .
The Liberal Democrats , though , believe that Northern Rock could instead be " re-mutualised " .
Yesterday Vince Cable , the party 's Treasury spokesman , argued that this would not necessarily prevent the taxpayer receiving a return on the billions used to save Northern Rock .
" Our objection has been that mutualisation of the nationalised banks does not produce the return of cash to the taxpayer , but we must remember Northern Rock is in a very different situation to Lloyds and RBS .
£ 23bn of government money has been pumped into Northern Rock , vastly in excess of its market worth even at the height of the credit boom .
There is no way this money will ever be recouped purely from a re-flotation , " Cable said .
It was announced on Friday that the Transportation Security Administration plans to extend the use of full body scanners to eleven additional airports in the United States over the next two years .
The American Civil Liberties Union immediately condemned the plan as a grave infringement on civil liberties .
The ACLU ’s Laura W. Murphy issued a statement warning of the risks in “ these invasive search techniques ” and suggesting that “ It is far from clear whether this technology would have been able to foil the attempted Christmas Day attack and every resource we put into using these machines is a resource not spent on intelligence analysis or other law enforcement activity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The potential of the scanners to infringe on individual freedoms was highlighted earlier this week when a Muslim woman was prevented from boarding a flight from England to Pakistan after she had been chosen at random to pass through a recently - installed scanner but refused to comply .
Muslims are concerned that the scanners , which provide a distinct though grainy outline of the passenger ’s genitals , violate Islamic prohibitions against being seen naked .
The Fiqh Council of North America issued a fatwa against them in February .
“ It is a violation of clear Islamic teachings that men or women be seen naked by other men and women , ” the fatwa states .
“ Islam highly emphasizes haya ( modesty ) and considers it part of faith .
The Quran has commanded the believers , both men and women , to cover their private parts . ”
The Transportation Security Administration insists that “ TSA ’s use of these technologies includes strong protections in place to safeguard passenger privacy .
Screening images are automatically deleted , and the officer viewing the image will never see the passenger . ”
Muslims are not alone in their concerns , however .
Orthodox Jews also consider the scanners “ offensive , demeaning and far short of acceptable norms of modesty , ” although they do not technically violate Jewish law as long as the person viewing the scanner is of the same gender as the passenger .
Conservative Christians have been debating the issue as well .
CHICAGO — Voters in the Feb . 2
Illinois primary election seemed to send a message to politicians :
We ’re fed up with corruption ; we want solutions .
Illinois has the earliest off - year primary in the country , a factor that depressed voter turnout to a mere 25 - 30 % , according to analysts .
With a record state budget crisis , Main Street depression and an impeached former Democratic governor and Democrat - controlled legislature , Republicans anticipate a comeback this year .
Especially , the Republican Party sees the state ’s U.S. Senate seat , once occupied by President Obama , as a key race nationally .
Rep. Mark Kirk , who handily won the Republican Senate nomination , immediately tried to employ “ Scott Brown ” tactics calling for an end to “ one party ” rule in Illinois .
Kirk ’s challenge will be to unite the extreme rightwing and more moderate sections of the state Republican Party which has been in shambles for several years .
State Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias , with significant labor backing , won the Democratic nomination for U.S. senate and will face Kirk this November .
At his victory party , Giannoulias who was widely seen out of the three - way Democratic primary race as having the best chance to win in November , was surrounded by workers from HartMarx , a garment factory he fought to save .
He hit hard on the need for jobs creation in his speech .
In close primaries for governor , current Governor Pat Quinn , a maverick on many issues , seemed to narrowly win against State Comptroller Dan Hynes , who comes from a Chicago political machine family .
Quinn had the political misfortune of stepping into office in the wake of a scandal by his predecessor , Rod Blagojevich , and the biggest budget crisis in state history .
The Republican race for governor is too close to call .
Hynes had enraged the progressive community and African Americans with an attack ad that repeatedly showed a speech by the late Mayor Harold Washington criticizing Quinn upon firing him from his administration .
But the Hynes family , including the comptroller ’s father , had been one of the chief obstructionists to the Washington administration .
Cook County government has long been a bastion of political patronage and corruption .
Now the economic recession has compounded the government ’s budget crises .
The Cook County Board of Commissioners President race was closely fought among Democrats vying for the nomination .
Current Board President Todd Stroger , appointed by Democratic Party bosses after his father had a massive stroke , ran against three other candidates .
He came in last .
Many voters were reacting to a recent sales tax increase that he implemented .
Plus budget cuts have heavily impacted health care and other vital services .
Alderman Toni Preckwinkle won the Democratic nomination for Cook County board president .
Preckwinkle , an African American and seen as the most progressive of the candidates , could be the first woman elected to the post .
She put together a coalition that reflected the racial diversity of the city .
Cook County Democratic primary winners in heavily Democrat Cook County are seen almost as shoe-ins for the general election .
Although there will be Republican and Green Party candidates on November ’s ballot .
But perhaps the most important results for Chicago - area independent politics came from the city ’s southwest side in the form of two races .
The first race was the decisive victory of Jesus “ Chuy ” Garcia over Mario Moreno in the Democratic primary for Cook County Commissioner of the 7th District .
Moreno , a Democratic Party machine incumbent , is widely seen as corrupt and a do - nothing .
Organizers see the Garcia win as a victory for grassroots political empowerment in the Mexican American community , as well as , progressive coalition politics seeking to address the widespread economic troubles of voters .
“ Tonight all of Chicagoland and suburbia is watching this new southwest side , ” declared Garcia triumphantly to a jubilant crowd at a packed victory party in the Little Village neighborhood here .
“ We demonstrated that progressive politics are possible anywhere in the Chicagoland metropolitan area . ”
Many see Garcia ’s win as putting back on track the movement Garcia helped to lead as state senator when Chicago ’s infamous Democratic Party machine ganged up to defeat him in 1998 .
The defeat chilled the city ’s progressive independent movement .
The 22nd Ward Independent Political Organization , of which Garcia is a leader and founding member , was one of the main groups still trying to carry on an independent , progressive and pro-working families agenda .
Garcia was an early supporter of the late Mayor Washington and the first Latino elected to the state senate .
Garcia called for other communities to come forward with an alternative vision and to build broad unity around a new agenda for the metropolitan area that could challenge the old machine politics , much like the coalition that carried Washington to victory in 1983 and 1987 .
The second significant race on the southwest side , which profoundly shook up the political scene was for state legislature .
In his first race for public office , Rudy Lozano , Jr. lost by just 434 votes to Rep.
Dan Burke , from one of the most powerful and connected families in the state .
Lozano ’s campaign in the 23rd legislative district won 46 % of the vote , but had to contend with a record low voter turnout across the state .
Lozano , an educator and community organizer , inspired an army of young grassroots activists and leaders , who with their courage and audacity refused to be intimidated by the machine thuggishness , intimidation and efforts to isolate Lozano ’s campaign .
They braved Chicago ’s hot summer and cold , snowy winter to canvass the neighborhoods daily .
Garcia jumped into the race for commissioner late , teaming up with Lozano and bringing many veterans of previous campaigns with him .
It helped open up resources and gave both campaigns the feel of an intergenerational movement .
The threat of Lozano ’s campaign so worried the establishment that powerful House Speaker Michael Madigan became personally involved , first dispatching his attorney in an attempt to drive Lozano from the ballot , then marshalling the remnants of the old corrupt Hispanic Democratic Organization to back Burke with a public display of Latino support while intimidating Latino political support for Lozano .
Efforts were made by both Madigan and the Burke family to deny any support for Lozano in the labor movement .
Lozano still garnered endorsements from United Electrical Workers ( UE ) , Workers United and Citizen Action Illinois .
Lozano racked up surprising vote totals in stronghold precincts of the Burke and Madigan machines .
This also reflected the large demographic change on the southwest side and the desire for elected officials who are honest and responsive to a district hard hit by joblessness , home foreclosures , school overcrowding and concerns with gang violence , as well as , Latino representation in the state house .
“ This is just the beginning , ” Lozano told the crowd at Little Village ’s Mi Tierra Restaurant .
“ Regardless of the outcome we have already won a great victory .
We have a movement on our hands not just on the southwest side , but across the city of Chicago .
We have put progressive independent politics on the map and it ’s here to stay . ”
As part of the Garcia - Lozano alliance , progressive independent Alderman Ricardo Munoz was elected to the State Democratic Party Central Committee .
In other races closely watched by labor and progressives , Robyn Gable , director of the Illinois Maternal and Child Health Care Coalition won the Democratic nomination for the 18th Legislative district being vacated by Rep. Julie Hamos .
Gable who is part of the progressive movement around Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , vowed to continue the fight for health care reform .
Hamos had given up her seat to run for U.S. Congress in the 10th Congressional District , the seat currently occupied by GOP Senate nominee Mark Kirk .
Hamos ran against Dan Seals , an African American who had challenged Kirk twice .
Seals defeated Hamos and his victory in November would flip the seat for Democrats .
Photo : Jesus Garcia , left , addresses the victory party crowd Feb. 2 with Rudy Lozano .
John Bachtell / PW
On Nov. 28 , 1953 , Frank Olson , a bland , seemingly innocuous 42 - year - old government scientist , plunged to his death from room 1018A in New York ’s Statler Hotel , landing on a Seventh Avenue sidewalk just opposite Penn Station .
Olson ’s ignominious end was written off as an unremarkable suicide of a depressed government bureaucrat who came to New York City seeking psychiatric treatment , so it attracted scant attention at the time .
But 22 years later , the Rockefeller Commission report was released , detailing a litany of domestic abuses committed by the CIA .
The ugly truth emerged : Olson ’s death was the result of his having been surreptitiously dosed with LSD days earlier by his colleagues .
The shocking disclosure led to President Gerald Ford ’s apology to Olson ’s widow and his three children , who accepted a $ 750,000 civil payment for his wrongful death .
But the belated 1975 mea culpa failed to close a tawdry chapter of our nation ’s past .
Instead it generated more interest into a series of wildly implausible “ mind control ” experiments on an unsuspecting populace over three decades .
Much of this plot unfolded here , in New York , according to H.P. Albarelli Jr. , author of “ A Terrible Mistake : The Murder of Frank Olson and the CIA ’s Secret Cold War Experiments . ”
“ For me , in countless ways the Olson story is a New York City story , ” said Albarelli , a former lawyer in the Carter White House , who has written extensively about biological warfare and intelligence matters .
“ The CIA itself was created and initially composed of wealthy men who came from Wall Street and New York City law firms . ”
Olson was a research scientist assigned to the CIA ’s Special Operations Division , at Ft. Detrick , Md. , who was performing top secret research relating to LSD - 25 , a powerful new drug whose properties were barely understood .
Could psychedelic drugs be used to get enemy combatants to lay down their arms , or work as a truth serum on reluctant prisoners ?
Albarelli spent more than a decade sifting through more than 100,000 pages of government documents and his most startling chestnut might be his claim that the intelligence community conducted aerosol tests of LSD inside the New York City subway system .
“ The experiment was pretty shocking — shocking that the CIA and the Army would release LSD like that , among innocent unwitting folks , ” Albarelli told The Post .
A declassified FBI report from the Baltimore field office dated Aug. 25 , 1950 provides some tantalizing support for the claim .
“ The BW [ biological weapon ] experiments to be conducted by representatives of the Department of the Army in the New York Subway System in September 1950 , have been indefinitely postponed , ” states the memo , a copy of which the author provided to The Post .
An Olson colleague , Dr. Henry Eigelsbach , confirmed to Albarelli that the LSD subway test did , in fact , occur in November 1950 , albeit on a smaller scale than first planned .
Little , however , is known about the test — what line , how many people and what happened .
The purported experiment occurred nearly a year before a more infamous August 1951 incident in the small town of Pont St. Esprit , in the south of France , when the citizens were hit by a case of mass insanity .
Over a two - day period , some 250 residents sought hospital care after hallucinating for no apparent reason .
Thirty - two patients were hauled off to mental asylums .
Four died .
Mercury poisoning or ergot , a fungus of rye bread , was cited as the culprit .
But ergot is also one of the central ingredient of LSD .
And curiously enough , Olson and his government pals were in France when the craziness erupted .
Albarelli also introduces us to George Hunter White — a ne’er - do - well agent for the Bureau of Narcotics , a forerunner to the current Drug Enforcement Administration , he was on “ special contract ” with the CIA .
It was White , Olson ’s colleague Eigelsbach contends , who was behind the November 1950 New York City subway test — as well as a second test two years later , Albarelli claims .
“ George White in 1952 did release a small amount of aerosol LSD in a subway car .
He was pleased with the results as indicated in his diary , but his reports on the incident were destroyed by the CIA in 1973 , ” he says .
But with the CIA ’s most important records on such matters destroyed or cloaked in national security claims , it remains difficult to prove whether these purported subway tests occurred .
Still , Albarelli ’s portrait of White — a gruff , chain - smoking , gin-swilling reprobate with an occasional fondness for opium , hookers and Mafiosi drug - dealers — makes it apparent that if anyone could have tested LSD on an unsuspecting public , it would be him .
White had set up a CIA safe house at 81 Bedford Street , in Greenwich Village , comprised of two apartments conjoined with a hidden two - way mirror and doorway .
Posing as a seaman or artist , he would regularly recruit strangers for social gatherings there , where they would be plied with psychedelic drugs , often without their knowledge .
The aim was to see if White could successfully extract information from them and to assess those results , according to one CIA document .
In between home experimenting , White was well known as a carouser .
The safe house was down the block from Chumley ’s , a former speakeasy and now defunct bar , where White once took James Jesus Angleton , the former CIA head .
The good news for people of New York , was when they stumbled out of Chumley ’s , it was a short walk home — and they did n’t need to ride the subway to get there .
Our recent previews about BioShock 2 have raised some questions among fans and skeptics of the series .
How has the series ' resurrection system been tweaked ?
And why can't players backtrack to earlier levels in the new game ?
We got answers .
Advertisement
Yesterday , BioShock 2 creative director Jordan Thomas walked me through how the Vita - Chambers will work in the new game .
These devices would resurrect players when they died in the first game .
But many players discovered that , upon resurrection , the damage they inflicted on enemies remained , making it easy to die , resurrect repeatedly to win a hard fight .
Downloadable content for the first game enabled players to shut the Chambers off .
Advertisement
The system was further modified for the sequel .
" You can turn them off if you wish , making the game much more traditional . "
Thomas said .
" Within that , you can adjust your difficulty to make it more or less of a challenge to get through an encounter .
[ For example , ] you could turn off the vita - chambers and still play it on easy ....
But the main criticism that we derived from the first game was the Vita - thrashing exploit , which was — because there were ammo-less weapons in the game and because there were consensual boss fights in the game — the idea of just using an ammo-less weapon and playing Lemmings over and over again until the cliff just disappears .
[ It was ] was degenerate in many many ways ...
It was fun for no one .
So now the Little Sisters will heal the Big Daddys a percentage of their health if you do n't take them out .
So you do have to invest in their demise . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The other design decision Thomas detailed for Kotaku was the recent discovery — in the preview build I reported on yesterday — that players wo n't be able to backtrack and visit any of the game 's large levels once they leave them .
While I suspected a narrative reason for this , Thomas said the decision was more of a technical one .
" A lot of people do n't know this , but the amount of backtracking most players physically did in BioShock was minimal .
The amount of effort that went into supporting it was immense .
We came down to having to choose between supporting backtracking and much more interesting , readable features ... and decided to invest in things we thought people would actually notice .
We also got some knock - on benefits like shorter loading times because of the way the memory was structured once backtracking was no longer an issue . "
Advertisement
Thomas said that the game will adapt to make the prohibition on backtracking not as punitive to players as they might think .
While the player might miss out on some collectibles in the levels they leave behind , they wo n't miss out on accessing any Little Sisters and the character - enhancing Adam that they provide access to .
As with the first game , Bioshock 2's levels contain Big Daddy - Little Sister tandems that the player can interact with , killing the Big Daddy and then either rescuing or harvesting the Little Sister for energy .
If you do n't get to all the Little Sisters in a given level in this sequel , you wo n't miss out .
" When you leave an area , your number of available Little Sisters travels with you , " Thomas said .
The game will just put more Little Sisters in subsequent levels , and while this could lead to a case of there being lots of them in a late level — should the player not go after many of them early in the game — he does n't think most people will play the game that way .
Advertisement
With less then a month from its February 9 release , BioShock 2 is coming soon .
Coming even sooner on Kotaku will be more from Thomas about the ideas and ambitions behind this major sequel .
The old and fairly reliable Sennheiser RS40 ’s I was using up until a few weeks ago finally gave up the ghost in the run-up to Mobile World Congress this year – or to be more accurate , the battery packs finally gave up .
Despite overnight charging , I was getting only about three hours of operating time ; and since the charger in the headphones themselves was n’t working , I only had the charged battery in the base unit , so I was getting maybe four hours a day from them .
The RS40s were ( and are ) really lovely headphones , with the great feature that if you stood up to walk to the printer and forgot you were wearing them , you did n’t treat the rest of the lab to the cartoon Yoink !
Thud !
sound effects as you nearly strangled yourself with the headset cord .
Shame they were let down by the powerpacks …
You ca n’t even find the BA151 ’s easily anymore 🙁
So the hunt was on for a better set of ‘ phones for the lab …
Thing is , the lab can be a bit noisy at times – not enormously so , but enough to distract when you ’re working .
I ’ll often work from home for a few hours each day when doing design work , just to get some quiet time .
So I need my headphones to be good at reducing the office noise as well as being good at playing music or whatever .
And I hate the new in - ear bud headphones .
I have a set , they work great for blocking noise and playing music , but they also work great for blocking any air movement at all so my head feels very stuffed up within an hour of plugging them in , even on a good day – and the next thing you know , I ’ll have a headache from them .
Not good .
So I want ‘ normal ’ , over - the - head , covers - your - ears headphones ( or passive closed circumaural headphones in the lingo ) .
Given the fun I had finding replacement battery packs before for the RS40s , no wireless headsets this time .
Cables need no recharging and for long working days that ’s important .
Plus , for a wireless set of headphones , the RS40s managed to have more cables than any other set of headphones I ’ve ever owned .
And no active noise cancellation – that works great for flying , but in an office all it does is actually make the background noise clearer and easier to hear , precisely the opposite to what I want .
That was a lesson learnt the hard way when I got the Sennheiser PXC150s a while back .
Handy little things , great on a plane ( though that battery pack is as awkward as it looks ) , but in an office they ’re the worst things ever unless your office is a server room ( they actually work really well in loud server rooms because the background noise there is relatively constant – they filter out constant noise like that really well , it ’s fast - changing things like human voices that they do n’t do so well with ) .
So not active , passive .
That means closed circumaural , rather than open , because ( a ) I want as little background noise as possible , and ( b ) I do n’t want to be lynched by my officemates when my using headphones is like pointing small speakers at them .
And while I do n’t want to blow the bank on them , I ’d like to get something decent that will last for a while , and I can finally afford nice things so why not ?
Mind you , headphones seem to be like jewellery in terms of how much you can spend on them – if you want to drop the price of a mid-sized car on a single pair , you can ( if you ’re completely mad , that is ) .
So a budget of € 100 - 150 seemed about okay .
Digging through the websites and several of them recommended the HD280 Pro as one of the top picks in the closed , circumaural , sanely - priced range .
The reviews on several sites also seemed good so I settled on those .
Then off to find the best price .
Normally they retail at $ 150 , but as anyone in Ireland will tell you , dollar RRP values do n’t really translate well .
Best I could find was around € 95 until I found one seller on ebay that was selling them from Spain for € 68 .
Placed order , they arrived five days later in perfect condition .
They ’re light , they ’re comfortable , they do clamp right onto your head like a woodworking bench vice , but the cups are large enough that they ’re on your skull rather than on your earlobes , and as to the clamping pressure – well it ’s relative .
If you ’ve ever worn any David Clark ’s headsets , the HD280s are not so bad 😀
Now those cans will compress your head quite nicely 😀
The audio reproduction on the HD280s is really quite excellent .
The bass is wonderful , the treble a little … tinny , but not much .
The equaliser in amarok easily compensates and then it ’s wonderful , to the point where I can now finally tell by ear what encoding rate was used on several of my mp3 files ( sadly including the Dr. Horrible ones 🙁 ) .
And if your PC ’s audio is n’t up to snuff , these will let you hear it clearly — so some of the odder audio kit people plug into their machines is finally making sense …
They are easily one of the best sets of headphones I ’ve even had .
Even the cord ’s relatively friendly in that you get a full half - second before the Yoink !
Thud !
sound effect kicks in when you walk away from the PC .
And to make it easier to bring them home , they fold up in three different ways , either by turning the earcups flat so it can go into a briefcase , or by folding them up the ‘ usual ’ way , or by folding them in a sort of ‘ squashed ’ way :
So if you ’re not a total audiophile who wants gold - plated oxygen - free cables ( and especially if you ’re an engineer who ’s now laughing at the idea of paying for oxygen - free cables 😀 ) ; and you ’re in a noisy office and want some decent noise blocking ; the HD280 Pros are a pretty darn decent set of cans for the money .
But shop around and check out eBay because the range of prices is downright silly – from € 68 to over € 200 in one case …
postscript : Just a quick note – they ’re not kidding about that safety notice in the user ’s manual .
If you ’re wearing these things and accidentally turn the volume up to eleven , it hurts …
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
The details surrounding the emergence and evolution of religion have not been clearly established and remain a source of much debate among scholars .
Now , an article published by Cell Press in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences on February 8 brings a new understanding to this long - standing discussion by exploring the fascinating link between morality and religion .
There is no doubt that spiritual experiences and religion , which are ubiquitous across cultures and time and associated exclusively with humans , are ultimately based in the brain .
However , there are many unanswered questions about how and why these behaviors originated and how they may have been shaped during evolution .
" Some scholars claim that religion evolved as an adaptation to solve the problem of cooperation among genetically unrelated individuals , while others propose that religion emerged as a by - product of pre-existing cognitive capacities , " explains study co-author Dr. Ilkka Pyysiainen from the Helsinki Collegium for Advanced Studies .
Although there is some support for both , these alternative proposals have been difficult to investigate .
Dr. Pyysiainen and co-author Dr. Marc Hauser , from the Departments of Psychology and Human Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University , used a fresh perspective based in experimental moral psychology to review these two competing theories .
" We were interested in making use of this perspective because religion is linked to morality in different ways , " says Dr. Hauser .
" For some , there is no morality without religion , while others see religion as merely one way of expressing one 's moral intuitions . "
Citing several studies in moral psychology , the authors highlight the finding that despite differences in , or even an absence of , religious backgrounds , individuals show no difference in moral judgments for unfamiliar moral dilemmas .
The research suggests that intuitive judgments of right and wrong seem to operate independently of explicit religious commitments .
" This supports the theory that religion did not originally emerge as a biological adaptation for cooperation , but evolved as a separate by - product of pre-existing cognitive functions that evolved from non-religious functions , " says Dr. Pyysiainen .
" However , although it appears as if cooperation is made possible by mental mechanisms that are not specific to religion , religion can play a role in facilitating and stabilizing cooperation between groups . "
Perhaps this may help to explain the complex association between morality and religion .
" It seems that in many cultures religious concepts and beliefs have become the standard way of conceptualizing moral intuitions .
Although , as we discuss in our paper , this link is not a necessary one , many people have become so accustomed to using it , that criticism targeted at religion is experienced as a fundamental threat to our moral existence , " concludes Dr. Hauser .
A new controversy involving another “ trick ” by the Boulton - Russell Inquiry .
Today ’s post is prompted by a new sentence added to the Inquiry FAQs and an article by Channel Four on the controversial Boulton CV here .
As so often , a bit of a backstory .
In the press conference announcing the Inquiry , Sir Muir Russell made the following undertaking :
Given the nature of the allegations it is right that someone who has no links to either the University or the Climate Science community looks at the evidence and makes recommendations based on what they find .
The day after submissions to the Parliamentary Inquiry closed , Russell revealed that this undertaking had been betrayed , first with the appointment of Philip Campbell , editor of Nature ( who honorably resigned within hours of being challenged ) and second with the appointment of Geoffrey Boulton , who had worked at UEA for 18 years from 1968 - 1986 and who had multiple links to the Climate Science community – making over a dozen speeches and interviews on climate change in the past two years .
The Boulton - Russell Inquiry played down both Boulton ’s links to the University of East Anglia and especially to the Climate Science community .
In the week following his appointment , Boulton ’s links to the Climate Science community were gradually reported on here , at Bishop Hill ’s and elsewhere .
On Feb 16 , 2006 , CA reader oneuniverse pointed out that a Boulton CV online in China here said that Boulton had been a “ contributor to G8 preparatory groups and Intergovernmental Panels on climate change ” ( also discussed in CA thread here . )
The Boulton - Russell Team has taken note of this discussion , with the CRU Inquiry FAQs adding the sentence bolded below to the FAQs on controversial Team member Geoffrey Boulton – the addition is undated , but is new in the last few days .
( They adopt the practice of the other Team in not actually citing their critics )
Do any of the Review team members have a predetermined view on climate change and climate science ?
No .
Members of the research team come from a variety of scientific backgrounds .
They were selected on the basis they have no prejudicial interest in climate change and climate science and for the contribution they can make to the issues the Review is looking at .
A purported CV of Professor Boulton in circulation contains a line claiming he has contributed submissions to the IPCC .
This is false .
He has not , and his name does not appear on any IPCC contributor list .
Channel Four ’s article ( today ) has a lengthy discussion of the curious Boulton CV , in which Boulton strongly implies that the line in the CV was recently added and , in response to a question about whether he was implying “ dirty tricks ” , said that “ people are free to draw their own conclusions as to why it seems to have appeared now ”
And when Channel 4 News asked about the claim on the CV , we received this puzzling reply : “ The CV published online today is not correct .
Professor Boulton has no idea where the final statement referring to the G8 and IPCC comes from , or where / when it has been added .
The statement has not featured in his previous CVs . ” Professor Boulton sent Channel 4
News a copy of his 2007 CV which did not have the final line .
Asked whether he was implying dirty tricks we received another email : “ Professor Boulton has no CV with that line on it , because there is no reason for it ” , adding : “ people are free to draw their own conclusions as to why it seems to have appeared now ” .
Boulton ’s insinuation that the embarrassing last line was inserted by Team opponents is total disinformation .
Demonstrating Boulton ’s claim is disinformation is complicated by the fact that Boulton and / or his allies have deleted the Boulton CV from the original location .
As a result , people can no longer inspect the original Word document for themselves .
Channel Four has posted up their copy but the document properties in their saved version are changed in the save . )
However , a CA reader wisely took a screenshot of the document properties of the controversial Boulton CV prior to its deletion ( see below ) .
Figure 1 . Document properties of Boulton CV downloaded from http://spa.xmu.edu.cn/edit/UploadFile/2007101883249846.doc before its deletion
Nini Yang is also mentioned in the version online at Channel Four .
Nini Yang is an employee of the University of Edinburgh in his China Office .
I wrote to Nini Yang on Feb 19 and again on Feb 22 , unsuccessfully requesting an explanation of the situation .
However , in one of Boulton ’s speeches in early 2008 , he told the organizers that he had “ recently arrived back from China where he has been having discussions there with governmental and NGO representatives around global climate change ” – discussions that seem to have taken place around September 2007 , when Boulton ’s presence in China was attested at the website cited above ( prior to the deletion . )
The sentence “ contributor to G8 preparatory groups and Intergovernmental Panels on climate change ” in the Boulton CV was demonstrably no more recent than September 2007 – perhaps to enhance Boulton ’s standing with the “ governmental and NGO representatives ” with whom he was discussing “ global climate change ” .
Perhaps it was in the CV for some other reason .
But whatever this claim being in the Boulton CV and whatever the provenance , it was in a September 2007 CV and not inserted by Boulton opponents in 2010 .
Boulton and Nini Yang know this .
Boulton should have admitted it , rather than insinuated that this clause was inserted by Boulton opponents in 2010 ( “ people are free to draw their own conclusions as to why it seems to have appeared now ” ) .
Maybe Boulton thinks that the deletion of the online CV and , after removal of the online evidence , the insinuation that his opponents inserted the controversial clause , is a “ good way of dealing with a problem ” .
But it is n’t .
It ’s a trick .
Needless to say , this is only one incident involving Boulton that makes his participation in the Inquiry a mockery of Russell ’s original undertaking that “ it is right that someone who has no links to either the University or the Climate Science community looks at the evidence and makes recommendations based on what they find ” .
Update :
A reader at Bishop Hill and here points us to http://www.uni-heidelberg.de/presse/news08/pm281027-1boul.html for use of the term G6 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change :
Geoffrey Boulton wirkte im „ G8 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate change “ , erhielt die Kirk Bryan Medal der Geological Society of America , ist Empfänger des „ Seligman Crystals “ der Internationalen Glaciological Society ( 2002 ) sowie des David Tedford Award for services to science .
Eine herausragende Ehrung ist die „ Lyell Medal “ der Geological Society ( London , 2006 ) ; ihm wurden ferner drei Ehrendoktorate verliehen .
English here .
This was dated October 18 , 2008 .
Last Sunday 's Observer claimed to expose how " an officer from a secretive unit of the Metropolitan police " worked " undercover among anti-racist groups in Britain , during which he routinely engaged in violence against members of the public and uniformed police officers to maintain his cover " .
Despite this sensationalist introduction , " Officer A " does not describe his involvement in any violent incidents .
No wonder .
The organisation he infiltrated , Youth Against Racism in Europe ( YRE ) is a peaceful organisation of young people , which in the 1990s organised mass protests against racism and the BNP .
A supporter of the Militant Tendency ( now the Socialist party ) , I was the elected national secretary of YRE between 1992 and 1996 and remember YRE often facing violence from the far right , and unfortunately also from the police .
Ludicrously , the article says Officer A's " key success " was to discover that the 1993 demonstration against the BNP 's headquarters was going to be " far larger than thought " .
YRE repeatedly told the police that the demonstration , following four racist murders within two miles of the BNP HQ , would be huge .
Fifty thousand attended .
We wanted to march peacefully past the BNP bunker .
The police response , as the Observer 's film shows , was to refuse to allow us to march at all , and to carry out an incredibly brutal attack on peaceful young people using their democratic right to protest .
We now discover that the police not only used violence against our demonstrations but also carried out a secretive , unaccountable and clearly expensive infiltration operation .
They gained nothing from it .
Far from being secretive we publicly advertised our events – the police could have read our leaflets and newspapers , or attended our public meetings , to find out what was going on .
Nor is there any basis to Officer A's suggestion that he succeeded in making our work ineffective .
In fact he had no negative effect on YRE , which was very successful , playing an important role in completely marginalising the BNP for over a decade .
Hackney activists from the time remember Officer A of the Special Demonstration Squad ( SDS ) , or " Peter Daley " as we knew him , as hardworking .
When he disappeared in mid-1997 , saying he was moving to Greece , he suggested we sell the contents of his flat to raise funds for the cause .
More seriously , they also recall that Peter did not fully agree with our position on how to defeat the BNP .
We explained that defeating racist and fascist groups is a political task which required patient campaigning in working - class communities , rather than street fighting .
Peter was n't as convinced of our position as he could have been and tended to argue for brawling with the BNP .
Was he sent in partly as provocateur ?
The Observer 's revelation is not unique .
Christopher Andrew's The Defence of the Realm : the Authorized History of M15 , published last year , also describes state infiltration of Militant , the National Union of Miners and others .
This is not just of historical interest .
As recent articles in the Guardian have revealed , surveillance of peaceful protestors has mushroomed .
Police brutality also , as the tragic death of Ian Tomlinson showed , is not a thing of the past .
Today a new generation are becoming involved in campaigning against the BNP , such as Youth Fight for Jobs , which demonstrated in Barking last weekend .
At the same time the current economic crisis sees many workers and young people moving to the left .
New " Peters " will undoubtedly be sent to infiltrate anti-racist campaigns and left - wing organisations to try and cut across protest .
They will not succeed .
But questions about whose interests the police act in , alongside demands for them to be made democratically accountable , and for the disbandment of the SDS , the Territorial Support Group and all other similar units , will be an important aspect of future campaigns .
WTF /, dʌb ( ə ) lju tɪ ˈef /
Phrase ) 1 . Acronym for What the F***.
2 . An exclamation used to show extreme surprise or confusion .
3 . Something so indescribable that you can only say " WTF ? "
4. Mistakenly referred to as " Why the Face " by acronym - challenged parents .
You know who you are .
More
Roller skaters are one of the most engaging things around .
Kids adore them .
In times when children and …
AUSTRALIA yesterday warned Israel its standing as a friend would be jeopardised if it were found to have condoned the suspected theft of three Australian citizens ’ identities by its Mossad spy agency to carry out a political assassination .
As [ Prime Minister ] Kevin Rudd demanded answers over Israel ’s role in the growing international scandal – and ASIO and the Australian Federal Police launched investigations – it was revealed that Australia had previously warned Israel not to use fake Australian passports for intelligence operations .
A diplomatic row broke out yesterday when three Victorians , all living in Israel , were confirmed among 26 people from four nations whose tampered passports were allegedly used by a team of suspected Israeli Mossad agents who assassinated Hamas official Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai last month .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith summoned Israel ’s ambassador to Australia , Yuval Rotem , early yesterday to express his “ grave concern ” about the issue .
Max Grogan , a pilot and avid photographer , posted this story to BeechTalk.com , a wonderful community of pilots and Beechcraft enthusiasts .
I was immediately entranced and contacted Max directly to thank him for this heartwarming story of the brief friendship of two men , united by a love of flying .
He was kind enough to give me permission to reproduce his words and photographs so that I could share them with you .
It is longer than my usual posts but worth the read , I promise .
My Friend Clayton
This is a true story .
May you be so lucky as to meet a man like him .
Words and Photography by Max Grogan
Although I had never seen the man before , I knew it had to be Clayton .
I could tell by his walking cane .
It was a knotty , crooked and gnarly old thing .
I was sure I had seen it before .
It looked as if a vine had once wound itself around a young sapling which was now fashioned into a support for an ancient relic of a man .
Later I would find a joyful spirit , and the enthusiasm of a much younger man lay hidden in repose within his large but frail body .
Once he was a young hero , answering the call to arms and performing his duty to preserve his nation ’s freedom .
But this day he leaned heavily on the cane as if he would topple , helpless , into a heap of old bones and wrinkled skin without its solid support .
The pilot grapevine works quickly .
Should a wing be dinged , a tire burst upon landing , or someone forgets to lower their wheels , the phones will ring .
Pilots are gossips when it comes to unusual happenings at their airport .
I got the call on that beautiful post Labor Day afternoon : A plane had slid off the runway into the Tennessee River at Knoxville Downtown Island Airport .
The story being relayed was that it was a beautiful and recently restored Mooney flown by a very old man .
I got the message around noon .
I ’m not one to go running to look at a wreck or other traumatic event , so I took no action to see the plane .
I was planning to fly my plane that afternoon and decided I would look into it when I arrived .
I had almost forgotten about the event by the time I drove across the bridge to our lovely airport .
Upon arriving I went into the office for the usual free cup of fresh coffee .
The place was buzzing with talk of the earlier incident when the plane went into the water .
Now I was at the root of the grapevine .
I listened as people described the event and the participants .
The stories related how an elderly gentleman , a former World War II pilot , had recently bought a newly refurbished Mooney airplane .
He and his nephew decided it was a fine day for an airplane ride and off they went .
Never mind that he had n’t flown in over thirty years , or that no one had checked him out in the plane .
Since he had paid cash and did not have an insurance policy with which to comply he felt he was on his own and could do as he pleased .
The Federal Aviation Administration requires a pilot to pass a physical examination and a flight review conducted by an instructor before acting as pilot in command .
This pilot knew he could not pass either .
But he had a burning desire to fly his own plane again .
The gossip was he bought the plane and defied the regulations .
He flew it .
Fortunately he also took a passenger along on that fateful flight .
As I sat alone , on a picnic bench outside the airport office while finishing my coffee , an ambulance drove into the parking lot .
A man in his forties , wearing hospital scrubs and carrying a small plastic bag exited the ambulance and entered the office .
Shortly afterward he came outside and sat down near me .
He was now carrying a strange looking walking cane as well as his package .
It occurred to me he might be one of the accident victims and I asked if that were true .
With a sigh and a deep breath , he acknowledged he had , indeed , been in the plane .
I asked him to tell me about it and he related the events of the crash .
He paused occasionally to stare toward the runway and the hidden spot where the plane was mired in river bottom mud as if he were reliving the frightful experience .
He was obviously shaken , and very concerned for his uncle who had sustained a bad bruise and serious cuts on his right leg , his only injuries thankfully .
He had returned to the airport for his car and his uncle ’s cane which the divers had recovered .
The hospital had given him the scrubs to wear and the bag contained his wet clothing .
Clayton was his uncle , he said , and he had admired him all his life .
He wanted to be like him and fly airplanes but had never had the opportunity .
Uncle Clayton had lived in California since before he was born and he rarely got to see him .
Over the years his uncle would talk about flying the big planes during WWII , including the biggest , the B - 17 .
He had promised : Someday he would take him into the air .
Uncle Clayton ’s wife had died only a year earlier .
She had begged him to move her back to Tennessee before she died and it seemed the end was near for her .
So Clayton sold their beautiful home of many years .
It was very nice , and was perched on a cliff overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Unfortunately Clayton ’s wife died only a few months after their return to Tennessee .
Clayton had loved his wife dearly .
They were married for 67 years .
He would do anything for her .
After the war he had owned several small planes and had a slight accident in one of them .
He gave up flying after that to please his wife .
That was a huge sacrifice he made for love .
Yet , he never gave up his dreams of owning and flying his own plane again .
Now , his wife was gone .
So many years had passed since he was last involved in aviation .
The old desire to lift into the sky and fly his own plane began to haunt him .
He dreamed of flying once more .
Old memories kept flooding his mind and he thought perhaps there might be one last chance to relive the days of his youth .
As he mourned the loss of his beloved companion , the memories of his days performing graceful pirouettes aloft became overwhelming and he bought a plane .
He was a man of significant wealth .
He could afford to buy a nice airplane .
He answered an ad in an aviation sales magazine and agreed on a price .
The plane was delivered to the Downtown Airport .
Clayton went up with the seller for a short flight , payment was made , and the deal was completed .
Once again Clayton owned a plane .
It was a beauty , a Mooney , resplendent in its new finery of glistening white paint , leather upholstery and high end avionics .
This Mooney was a fast , complex , high performance plane .
Its forward cocked tail and low slung retractable landing gear showed promise of high speed even while sitting still on the airport ramp .
Clayton wanted to fly it and take his nephew aloft but there were the license and medical currency problems .
Clayton had a valid pilot ’s license , as they never expire , but he was 89 years old and in bad health .
He knew he could not qualify medically so therefore could not be tested for proficiency with a required semi-annual flight review .
Also disappointing for him was that none of the instructors of whom he inquired would go up with him .
They feared , rightly so , he might go flying on his own with possible serious consequences .
So , unable to meet federal requirements , Clayton woefully let the fast , sleek Mooney sit on the ramp for days , then weeks , until finally a month had gone by .
Clayton could resist no longer .
He went to the airport and started the engine in his plane .
It purred smoothly , with a low rumble and a promise of speedy high adventure .
He taxied it across the ramp and down the taxiway to the end and near the runway .
He ran the engine up to medium power while holding the brakes , but he resisted the temptation to go at high power down the runway and lift off into the sky .
He returned to the ramp , tied the plane down and went home .
Sadly unfulfilled , he returned again the next day , and the next .
The routine of taxiing was repeated at higher and higher speeds but he would , each time , return and park the plane on the ramp .
Then he gave in to temptation .
He called his nephew and announced he was ready and they were going flying .
The big day had arrived .
The nephew innocently arrived after the announcement that Uncle Clayton had been practicing and was ready for their flying adventure .
Finally , the promise would be kept !
They boarded the plane and , in routine fashion , Clayton taxied the plane , performed the engine check , and off they went .
Into the sky they soared .
Clayton made graceful turns , climbed and dove .
He performed a stall and even a spin .
What a skilled pilot he was and the nephew was so excited and proud .
All too soon they flew toward the airport .
Clayton announced he would make a few landings .
As they neared the runway he lowered the landing gear .
He flew above the runway at high speed and the nephew though it was just practice , a low pass but , suddenly , at 120 miles per hour , the plane ’s wheels touched down on the runway .
Uncle Clayton was attempting to land the plane !
The nephew instinctively knew they were flying much too fast , but it was too late .
Although the runway is 3,500 feet long there was less than a thousand feet remaining when the Mooney first touched down .
Clayton closed the throttle and applied full brakes until they were locked and sliding , but the nephew knew this was not going to stop the plane in time .
Down the asphalt they skidded , then across five hundred feet of grassy over - run , but still the plane was not stopped .
Beyond the grassy area was the rocky rip-rap protecting the island ’s banks .
They bounced through the rocks and on beyond and across the sandy shore .
Still with energy in reserve the Mooney skidded into the water and was propelled fifty feet from shore before it finally stopped .
Now they had been in a plane crash and the plane was sinking into thirty feet of water .
The nephew hastily opened the door and crawled onto the wing .
He reached back inside and tugged and pulled at his uncle until finally he too was on the wing .
Just as the plane slid beneath the surface they began to swim for shore .
Clayton was struggling and the nephew , a skilled swimmer , turned him onto his back and began one - handedly paddling them to shore with Clayton yelling and splashing .
Fortunately a mowing crew of two men had rushed to the shore soon after they saw the plane slide into the water .
The two men dove into the lake and met the nephew and helped get Clayton safely on land again .
Although shaken the nephew was uninjured but Clayton was having problems with his right leg .
Soon emergency medical personnel arrived and transported both men to the nearby hospital for observation and possible treatment .
A rescue team was summoned and divers went into the water and attached a cable to the tail - end tie - down ring of the fully submerged plane .
An attempt was made to pull the plane ashore but the landing gear dug into the muddy bottom twenty feet from shore , halting the removal effort .
The divers removed what personal items they could from the plane , including the pilot ’s walking cane .
They tied the cable to a small tree to keep the river ’s current from sweeping it downstream toward Knoxville .
As I flew over the partially submerged Mooney later that afternoon , I reflected on the events related by the nephew and others .
I was saddened by the end of the story about his long awaited adventure with his Uncle Clayton .
The plane would remain there for two weeks until a salvage crew finally arrived , lifted it ashore , removed the wings and carted it away .
A few months later , on another of my frequent visits to the airport , I was looking out the office window at the planes tied down on the distant west ramp .
I spotted a V - tailed Beechcraft Bonanza that I had not seen before .
Since that is the type of airplane I own , my curiosity was aroused .
I asked the lady on duty if that was a transient or a newly based plane at our airport .
She allowed as to how it was now based at our airport and owned by a man whose first name was Clayton .
I said “ Surely you do n’t mean the same Clayton who put the Mooney into the water ! ” .
With a big grin , she said it was .
I asked if he was flying it .
She said he was n’t , because he could n’t get anyone to fly with him .
I could n’t believe it .
He had bought another plane .
His dream was still alive !
Weeks passed and the Bonanza apparently was never moved .
Over time sand and grit had blown against the plane ’s tires making a little ridge , a tell - tale sign of inactivity .
The windscreen was hazy with a thick layer of dust .
I kept checking , but there was no change and the tires were slowly losing their air .
Then , on a mid-afternoon visit to the airport office , I saw the gnarly cane again .
I stood and studied the man leaning upon it for support .
I recalled the other time I had seen the cane and the story I was told that fateful day .
There could be no other like it , being of such uncommon design .
It was being leaned upon by an elderly gentleman engaged in conversation with another stranger .
This had to be Clayton .
I was excited .
I really wanted to meet him .
I walked over to the ancient stranger and introduced myself , announced I was a plane owner and asked if he owned a plane , while thinking I probably knew the answer .
The old gentleman looked me squarely in the eye , and , while leaning upon the cane , rose to the full height allowed by his worn body .
Then he took a deep breath , pointed with the cane and proudly said “ Yes , I do , I own a Bonanza , the one parked on the ramp there . ” .
Smiling inside , and feigning ignorance , I asked if he was flying it much .
He replied that he was not , and as a matter of fact , had never flown it .
He said he could not get anyone to fly with him .
I announced firmly “ Sir , you are looking at a man who will fly with you . ” .
He looked at me with a wide smile and a bright sparkle in his old grey eyes .
He said “ Hallelujah , I will get to fly my plane . ” .
Our friendship had begun .
Clayton and I went to my hangar where I showed him my Bonanza and related a summary of my flying experience .
We sat on the old tattered sofa and enjoyed the warm spring weather with the hangar door fully opened .
We sat and chatted for a long while , into the late afternoon .
He showed me the bandages on the unhealed leg and related the events of the Mooney crash .
They were much the same as related by his nephew .
He matter - of - factly said he just forgot how to slow the plane down for landing .
No excuses .
I liked that about him .
The better part of an hour was spent listening to Clayton talk of his days in the US Army Air Corps .
I kept prodding him for more information until I had a pretty good idea of his military service .
He was inducted fairly late in the war as he was employed in a job which excluded him from military service when the war started .
He left the job and volunteered for the military with a firm goal of becoming a pilot .
He reached his goal and received his initial pilot training in Texas .
He trained in open cockpit Boeing PT - 18 ’s ( Stearmans ) and advanced to instructor .
He soon moved into multi-engine training and eventually became qualified in the B - 17 , a very large four - engine bomber .
He was instructing in the B - 17 when the war ended , having never left the states for combat .
Over the next few meetings with my elderly friend I was able to extract more and more fascinating information about all the planes he flew .
The things he related from his two years flying in the military were of great interest and I never tired of hearing of them .
He had an interesting civilian life as well .
After the war he returned to his original home , Knoxville , and gained employment with a food processing company .
He advanced to plant manager then accepted an offer to move to California in 1957 for a similar but much higher paying job .
He got lucky with stock options and was able to retire at the very young age of fifty .
Clayton owned several single engine airplanes between 1946 and 1975 .
The list included planes made by Luscombe , Taylorcraft , Cessna and , his favorite , Swift .
He flew all over the country as he lived in the east and later on the west coast .
His wife never really liked airplanes and only flew with him a few times .
Although he quit flying to please her he never lost his love of aviation and missed it greatly during the following years .
During that first meeting at my hangar we made plans to fly his plane .
We agreed to meet the following day and set a time .
He reached for the old cane and , using it , struggled to his feet , flashed the wide smile I ’d seen before and laughingly proclaimed “ Boy , oh boy , we ’re gonna have fun ! ” .
I purposefully arrived a half hour early the next day to do a thorough pre-flight inspection of the Bonanza and to put air in the tires .
It was a fine day in mid-May , cloudless , with bright sunshine and light wind .
Clayton , full of exuberance , was already there ahead of me .
He was sitting in the cockpit of the plane , on the pilot ’s side , manipulating the controls .
Clayton , by now , was ninety years old .
But his attitude belied his age this day .
He had the look and air of excitement of a child about to be turned loose on a playground .
I performed a very thorough inspection of the plane .
It had now been sitting on the ramp for over two months without being flown .
As I finished checking all parts of the plane , and satisfying myself it was in a safe flying condition , I walked in front of the left wing and spoke through the window opening .
I told Clayton the plane was ready to be flown but there was one last thing : I would be occupying the left seat as I would be the chief pilot .
Though I could detect slight disappointment , he nodded and said “ That ’s fine , I just want to get in the air . ” .
We were ready .
Surprisingly , the engine started very easily .
It ran smoothly and oil pressure was excellent .
I made sure we had good communication over the intercom and left the ramp for the run-up area at the end of the taxiway .
The run-up check verified excellent engine and propeller function .
I turned and told Clayton to put his feet on the rudder pedals and his hands on the wheel .
I instructed him to put no pressure on the controls and the goal was for him to be able to feel the control inputs I would make .
I taxied the plane to the departure end of runway 8 , applied full throttle and guided the plane down the centerline .
The plane lifted off smoothly and I raised the landing gear .
We were flying .
When we had gained 200 feet of altitude I removed my feet and then my hands from the controls .
I turned to Clayton and announced “ You have the airplane , maintain this attitude and fly straight ahead .
He seemed to sit straighter as he assumed control and he had a look of great concentration as he guided us through the air .
I directed Clayton ’s efforts .
I would give him a compass heading and an altitude and he would guide the plane in response to my requests .
At first I handled all engine power settings .
He flew to the northeast until we had risen to 5,500 feet as indicated on the altimeter .
After having him level the plane I told him to make some ninety degree turns and to maintain a constant altitude .
I gradually increased the difficulty of the maneuvers .
We flew in steep turns , climbs and descents .
We did figure eights and 360 degree turns .
My new friend and co-pilot flew the Bonanza with skill and finesse .
He was an excellent pilot and his touch on the controls was light and smooth .
After twenty minutes of maneuvering I asked what he wanted to do next and he said he just wanted to fly around and look at the beautiful countryside .
So we sat and flew in silence .
He would occasionally dip a wing for a better look and make a turn or two .
I managed a few covert glances at my co-pilot .
The look of joy and contentment on his old sagging and wrinkled face was one I shall always treasure .
That look put a song in my heart that still resonates to this day whenever I think of him .
I finally said “ Clayton , take us home .
We need to work on your landings . ” .
He burst into laughter and cackled : “ I ’ve sure proven I need help with that , have n’t I ? ” .
He flew us back into the vicinity of the airport and I began to advise him on power reduction inputs and speeds to fly .
I told him I would re-take control of the plane once we were lined up with the runway .
This I did and executed a landing , with him on the controls , lightly , feeling my movements .
Then as the plane rolled down the runway there was quite a bit of vibration from the left wheel .
I called it quits for the day as I thought this would require either repair or adjustment .
What a magnificent day of flying we had !
We tied the plane on the ramp and went to my hangar for a soda and a de-briefing .
We sat on the old sofa and talked on and on about all the things he wanted to do and the places he wanted to visit in his plane .
We talked of other things as the day wore on .
He told me of his career and good fortune in business .
I learned how he met his wife almost three quarters of a century earlier , and how much he had loved her for all those years .
As he spoke of her , I sat in silence .
I noticed that tears were making little trails across his weathered and lined face .
There were no apologies for the tears , and he made no effort to wipe them away .
We looked directly into each others eyes , and he knew I understood .
I fell in love that day , in love with Clayton ’s ebullient spirit and a determination to continue having a zest for an exciting life .
I discovered a kindness and caring for others that was admirable .
Most of all he was a true gentleman whose courteous ways reminded me of my father and others of a bygone era .
I took control of the plane ’s maintenance and had it inspected and serviced by my mechanic .
It was two weeks before the plane was ready .
I kept Clayton briefed on the progress and let him know when the work was done .
We flew again in early June , flying to Oneida , Tennessee , where we fueled the plane and practiced a couple of landings .
He flew the plane for all except the last minute or so of the landings .
After we parked the plane I told him I was nervous now because he was again a good pilot .
I asked him to promise he would not fly the plane without me .
He said “ Sure thing , Boss ” .
He pitched me the keys to the plane .
He put me in charge .
He insisted he would treat me to dinner and we went to his favorite place , a steakhouse overlooking downtown Knoxville and the Tennessee River .
We sat out on the patio and enjoyed our meal in the late afternoon sunshine as gentle breezes wafted up from the river .
I discovered Clayton ’s fluency in Spanish as he had a short discourse with our server .
I was surprised .
He ate there often , he explained .
He had learned earlier she was a graduate student at the university and Spanish was her major .
His knowledge of Spanish was acquired while living in California .
He had vacationed often in Mexico and learned the language to be able to talk to the natives .
It was another interesting facet of this jewel of a man .
Clayton invited me to his home and told me to bring my wife .
I jokingly said “ Oh no , I ca n’t bring her , you will try to take her away from me . ” .
He replied with enthusiasm “ You bet I will and I just might do it ! ”
So we agreed on a date and my wife and I drove the twenty miles to the northeast to his lovely hill - top home where he had a view of the distant Smoky Mountains .
In his den I saw a karaoke machine and asked him to sing for me .
He had a deep resonant voice and sang well for a couple of minutes then asked us to join in the singing .
We sang a few songs with him and had a very pleasant visit .
We made plans to fly again soon .
We flew again two weeks later .
Clayton was making the landings during the end of the flight as I followed on the controls .
His injured leg still bothered him .
It had been bruised badly in the accident and a body as old as his repairs itself slowly .
But , I was impressed with his ability and would have felt comfortable with him in command in the left seat .
I told him so .
He thanked me for the compliment and asked if I would go on a long trip with him .
I responded in the affirmative and he said he wanted to visit someone in Arizona .
We went to my hangar and pored over an aviation map of the United States .
We planned two fuel stops for comfort and he was very excited .
I said “ Captain , I ’ll put you in the left seat .
I ’ll bring a good book and relax while you pilot us to Arizona ” .
He beamed a radiant smile and used his favorite exclamation : “ Boy , oh boy , we ’re gonna have fun ! ” .
He wanted to go soon and we talked of possible dates , needing to work around a couple of doctors ’ appointments he had on his schedule .
It became time for him to go .
We hugged each other as had become our custom on parting .
He shuffled to his car using the old gnarly cane and drove away .
As I watched him depart , I could not have known I would never fly with him again .
I got the call .
The one we never want .
Clayton had died .
His old heart had given out , beat its last beat .
He made his last flight from earth and is now flying with the angels .
I grieve for my friend Clayton .
I never fly my Bonanza without thinking of him .
I loved his spirit , and the tenderness and kindness he showed me .
He gave me the gift of his confidence : Confidence in my ability as a pilot and the very personal things he shared with me , never saying they were not to be repeated .
We understood each other .
We soared together , in his plane and in our many visits on the old sofa in my hangar .
We talked of the things we had loved in life and the things we hoped to do .
Though only a memory now , Clayton lives on in my heart and I treasure what we shared .
Every moment .
Every laugh .
Every tear .
He was buried on a hot day in early July .
The cane was buried with him .
Author and Photographer : Max Grogan
All Rights Reserved .
( See more of Max Grogan ’s photography here )
Max Parrot ready for snowboard season after modifying training during pandemic
Declared cancer - free last summer , Canadian snowboarder Max Parrot says he's no more at risk of contracting COVID - 19 than anyone else right now , allowing him to focus more freely on the 2020 - 21 freestyle season , should it happen .
HAVANA , Cuba —
Not only Americans , but people all over the world , remember their reaction of horror on Sept. 11 , 2001 , when terrorists attacked the World Trade Center and thousands of innocent lives were stolen .
A Cuban mother , Irma Sehwerert , remembers thinking , “ If five heroes could have done something to prevent this tragedy , would n’t it be applauded as a great act ? ”
Ironically , Irma ’s son , 53 - year - old Rene Gonzalez , is serving a 15 - year sentence in U.S. prison , even though , according to his mom , the activities which led to his conviction were precisely to prevent such terrorist acts and loss of life in his homeland .
The actual charge against Rene – “ failing to register as an agent of a foreign government ” – sounds almost administrative .
But what he did took a lot of guts .
In the Cuban - mob dominated city of Miami he tried to find out in advance about terrorist activities being planned by terrorist groups in Miami .
In an interview at the House of Friendship here in Havana ’s Vedado neighborhood , Irma explains , “ If the American people really knew what was going on , what we in Cuba have had to put up with , they ’d understand . ”
Irma remembers like yesterday the day in October 1976 , when the news flashed through the Havana office where she worked , that a Cubana Airlines flight had been bombed .
“ There was a big uproar , ” she relates .
“ My co-worker came to my desk and told me what she had heard on the radio .
All work stopped as we learned the details .
Seventy - one passengers , and no survivors ! ”
The dead included Cuba ’s entire youth fencing team – just a bunch of teenagers bubbling with pride and enthusiasm as they returned home triumphantly from their successful participation in the Pan American Games .
Irma especially remembers hearing that the team ’s coach , a young woman who was pregnant , was among those lives lost .
“ It was one of the saddest days of my life , ” she recalls .
The flight had been bombed by one of several Florida - based anti-Cuba groups .
The bomb was placed in the aircraft ’s bathroom while on a stopover at Jamaica ’s Kingston airport .
Irma recounts the response of the nation .
“ I waited in line 11 hours to pay my respects to the families .
Everyone from my office went together . ”
Irma ’s teenage son Rene Gonzalez was among those in line too – he went with his classmates .
We are indignant , Irma says , that the assassins who carried out the bombing are still walking around free in Miami .
Orlando Bosch and Luis Posada Carriles are leaders of that terrorist movement .
Both have admitted , and even bragged about , their roles in the bombing .
Irma , like other Cubans , is not only indignant , she ’s concerned about the future .
Irma takes a breath and then offers a detailed list of terrorist acts planned and carried out from Miami .
The danger is not limited to bombs , she explains .
She mentions the 1981 outbreak of hemorrhagic dengue fever , a deadly form of that virus which is especially fatal to children under one year of age .
The outbreak was traced to biological warfare .
The epidemic resulted in deaths of 101 children and babies , Irma noted sadly .
[ Reporter ’s note :
Are claims of biological warfare far - fetched ?
Where ’s the evidence ?
After the interview I googled “ 1981 Cuba dengue epidemic ” and found a New York Times report that Eduardo Arocena , head of Omega Seven , an anti-Cuba terrorist group “ testified that he had visited Cuba in 1980 in connection with a mission to introduce ‘ some germs ’ into the country . ” ]
Irma continues her list : A swine virus that attacked the island ’s main meat supplies , pork livestock .
Then with a shudder she recalls the details of the sabotage of a day care center in May 1980 .
Disaster was narrowly averted , she says .
“ It was a miracle . ”
Over five hundred children were rescued by firemen , police , neighbors and students from a nearby high school .
The list goes on – the death of an Italian tourist in a hotel bombing , bombings of sugar processing plants .
Total casualties number in the thousands , she says .
“ So , ” Irma repeats , “ I would ask the people of the U.S. – if there were five men who could have acted to prevent the tragedy of the Twin Towers , would n’t you consider them heroes ?
That ’s what the Five are – heroes . ”
Irma has a special feeling for the people of the United States : most of her mother ’s family lives in the U.S. , and she and her husband Cándido René González spent the first few years of their married life in Chicago .
It was there that their two sons , Rene and Roberto , were born .
Irma still remembers the address of their little apartment on North Ashland Avenue .
Their life was typical of working class families in the 1950s .
Irma had a factory job at a greeting card printing company .
She recounts how she lost that job when she and all her co-workers were fired for trying to organize a union .
The young family moved to East Chicago , Ind. , when Candido got a job at Inland Steel .
He had n’t been working there long when he took part in the largest strike in U.S. history .
Along with half a million other steelworkers , Candido walked the picket line for 116 days in 1959 in the struggle to protect the union contract from job cuts .
To make ends meet during the strike , Irma worked in a tomato cannery and then took another factory job , this time on an assembly line painting the outside of toothpaste tubes , she says with a smile .
The speed - up made it “ the hardest job I had in my life , ” she still remembers .
The young immigrant family returned to Cuba in 1961 , after the triumph of the Cuban revolution .
“ So much bad had happened in Cuba under the Batista dictatorship .
Over 20,000 young Cubans had been killed by the dictatorship .
We thought for sure the U.S. would help us .
When we were disappointed to see that did n’t happen , we returned to help build our country . ”
Rene and Roberto went to school in Cuba .
The two boys were very close , says Irma .
Rene , the older brother , was a good - hearted and responsible child .
“ If the boys misbehaved and I punished them , Roberto could forget about it and go to bed fine .
But Rene needed to know that he was forgiven before he could rest . ”
Even as a child he could n’t stand injustice , his mother continued .
Little kids can be so mean , she said , and in their neighborhood there was a mentally handicapped child who was constantly being teased .
“ One day Rene came home dirty from head to toe .
What happened ? ” I asked .
It turned out that Rene had gotten into a fight with one of the big kids who was instigating the bullying .
It ’s not hard to get Irma to talk about her sons .
They were still quite young when the island was devastated by Hurricane Flora in 1963 .
Their grandmother in the States sent the family a huge box of clothes .
“ I asked them , why do n’t we just send the whole box , without even opening it , to some children who lost everything ?
Without hesitation , they both agreed . ”
Like every other Cuban , Rene is a “ beisball ” fan .
His team is the city of Santa Clara ’s “ Villa Clara , ” Irma reports .
He also likes running and swimming , his mom says .
But most of all he likes reading .
Even in prison , he is studying via correspondence course for a degree in economics with a professor at the University of Havana .
“ He gets A ’s in everything , ” the proud mom reports with a smile .
Rene and his wife , Olga Salanueva , have two daughters , Irma and Ivette .
Ivette was just a few months old when her dad was arrested .
She ’s now eight but has been separated from him her whole life .
Her older sister , Irma , has completed her degree in psychology , reports the grandmother .
Cubans and people all over the world are outraged that Olga has been barred from seeing her husband for the entire decade since his arrest .
The U.S. has refused to grant her a visa to visit him .
This is particularly sinister as far as Irma is concerned .
After Rene ’s arrest , great pressure was put on him to plead guilty .
He was put in solitary confinement , and then his wife was taken into custody for three months .
The young family was torn apart as relatives scrambled to care for the two young children .
As the wife of Rene , a U.S. citizen , Olga originally came to the U.S. on a U.S. government - issued passport .
She has never been charged with any immigration violations .
The State Department has refused to answer questions as to why her visa applications have been repeatedly denied , in apparent violation of established international human rights norms .
Irma is just as concerned with the other four young Cubans serving even longer sentences for the same heroic actions .
The families of the Five are like a big family , she says , even though we did n’t even know each other existed before this .
To her , the five men are true heroes .
“ These are young people who undertook this work on their own accord , ” she said .
“ No one made them .
They are all educated , university graduates .
They left their wives and children to make sure people did n’t keep attacking Cuba . ”
The other four imprisoned anti-terrorist heroes are Gerardo Hernández , Ramón Labañino , Antonio Guerrero and Fernando González .
Gerardo ’s wife , Adriana Perez , has also been denied a visa , and has not seen her husband in over 10 years .
Irma feels that if the American people knew the facts of the case they would demand justice for her son and his fellow defendants .
“ I know the American people are good - hearted and fair - minded , ” she says , “ and if they knew what was going on they would call them heroes too . ”
Photo : Irma Sehwerert , mother of Rene Gonzalez , ( sitting ) with her friend , Marianna at Havana ’s House of Friendship .
Scott Marshall / PW .
City Councilor Sal LaMattina ( East Boston , North End , Charlestown ) says he knows firsthand what it 's like to get run into by a Segway - and wants to keep it from happening to people on busy commercial streets in Boston .
LaMattina told the council today that when he worked for the city transportation department , when Segways were new , he and transportation Commissioner Tom Tinlin went to Segway headquarters in New Hampshire to check them out .
Company officials told them a pedestrian could n't get hurt if hit by one - but he wanted hard proof , so he told Tinlin to get on a Segway and ram him .
" Let me tell you , it hurt , " he said .
" Clearly , clearly , they cannot be operated on busy commercial streets like Hanover Street or Newbury Street , " he said , calling for regulations on just where the two - wheeled vehicles can go .
Councilor Bill Linehan ( South Boston , South End ) , agreed : " All we need is mechanical machinery running up and down our sidewalks , he said .
" This is a walkable city , not a Segway city . "
The next step is for the council to hold a hearing on the vehicles .
LaMattina 's call for a hearing .
Earlier :
Some North Enders fed up with tour groups on Segways .
The Elive team is proud to announce the release of the Stable version 2.0 Codename Topaz .
The new stable version of Elive has a huge list of improvements .
Its ease of use makes it suitable for any kind of user along with a totally new Linux experience for those who have not tried Elive before .
Changelog : autolaunchers - entirely rewritten with better stability and more features ; user configurators - many user configurators added to configure anything ; drivers - Linux kernel 2.6.30.9 with support for special hardware and other features like TuxOnIce ( hibernation ) , Reiser4FS , ext4 ....
Recent Related News and Releases
Development Release : Elive 3.8.16 ( Beta ) Elive , or Enlightenment live CD , is a Debian - based desktop Linux distribution and live CD featuring the Enlightenment window manager .
The distribution 's latest development snapshot is Elive 3.8.16 Beta , which features several package updates and fixes the eltrans translation tool .
The release announcement reads : " The Elive Team is proud to announce the release of the beta version 3.8.16 .
This new version includes : Kernel 5.7.10 and updated drivers ; Optimizations while installing packages in Live mode ; Virtual machines : included feature to configure and remember a specific resolution ; WINE improvements for running installed software ; SSD / NVME performance improvements by : disabled realtime discards , enabled a safe weekly fstrim job , much faster speeds using now a simpler and efficient scheduler ; eltrans , the elive translator tool is working again ; Hotkeys PDF shows up with a better user - experience now ; document included about how to customize and create your own E16 themes ; other fixes : updated tmux compatible configurations , nicotine updates and fixes , Netflix compatibility feature is working again . " Download : elive_3.8.16_beta_hybrid_i386.iso ( 2,560 MB , pkglist ) .
Development Release : Elive 3.8.12 ( Beta )
The Elive project has published a new development snapshot based on Debian 10 " Buster " and featuring the Enlightenment desktop environment .
The new version reportedly offers the ability to create usernames with non-ASCII characters at install time , improved support for Broadcom wireless cards , and better disk accessing performance .
" The Elive team is proud to announce the release of the beta version 3.8.12 .
This new version includes : Elive - Upgrader can upgrade your BIOS and other firmware ( only on UEFI installs ) ; Startup - Applications launcher correctly closes processes when exiting the desktop ; installer - you can use non-ASCII usernames now like åtgärd , first boot after install improved with post - configurations added ; fine - tune options are much improved and lighter ; installed system and extra optimizations added , specially for low - resource machines which can end up using only 175 MB of RAM ; fixed issue with blanking screen during install , PulseAudio possibly to be removed ; boot partition now uses less space , allowing upgrades from stable version that has small boot partitions without issues ; improved installation speed .
" Further details can be found in the project 's release announcement .
Download ( MD5 ) : elive_3.8.12_beta_hybrid_i386.iso ( 2,563MB , pkglist ) .
Development Release : Elive 3.8.4 ( Beta ) Elive , or Enlightenment live CD , is a Debian - based desktop Linux distribution and live CD featuring the Enlightenment window manager .
The project has released a new development snapshot , Elive 3.8.4 .
The new snapshot is based on Debian 10 " Buster " and includes a number of updates to the kernel and fixes .
The project 's release announcement states : " The Elive Team is proud to announce the release of the beta version 3.8.4 .
This new version includes : Debian Buster base system updated to the version 10.3 .
Kernel updated to 5.4.8 and extra drivers updated too .
Fixed Thunar notifications issue when ejecting devices .
Conky : fixed listing of ram and disk processes , added visual graph for disk usage .
elive - upgrader stability improvements .
smplayer : fix for subtitles which displayed wrong characters for videos downloaded from youtube - dl .
Installer : fixes for NVME disks with automated disk partitioning and encryption , improvements for sharing a home partition .
Reiserfs ( v3 ) included back into the installer .
Browser extensions enabled by default : ublock - origin to block ADs and annoying publicity ’s from websites , and a plugin to download any media file to your computer like YouTube videos , downloads are now automatically set to the default Downloads directory of the users translated directory .
"
The project provides a free 32 - bit edition and a commerical 64 - bit edition .
Download ( MD5 ) : elive_3.8.4_beta_hybrid_i386.iso ( 2,544MB , pkglist ) .
Development Release : Elive 3.8.1 ( Beta ) Samuel F. Baggen has announced the availability of Elive 3.8.1 , a new development snapshot of the project 's desktop - oriented distribution based on Debian 10 and featuring the Enlightenment 16 desktop .
This is Elive 's first release labelled as " beta " : " The Elive team is proud to announce the release of the beta version 3.8.1 .
This new version includes : system updated to the last Debian ' Buster ' base ; reduced RAM resources usage ; build improvements - these new ISO images include persistence , UEFI and SecureBoot all in a single build , we no longer require the special USB build to have only the persistence feature ; language and keyboard improvements and an own tool included ;
Thunar features - admin mode fixed , the feature to set an image as wallpaper now works with E16 too ; browsers updated , Firefox is now available with the Quantum features , Netsurf is included again as an extremely light alternative , Palemoon is available optionally in the repositories ; kernel updates in the installed system are more reliable now .
" Read the rest of the release announcement for further details .
The 32 - bit edition of Elive 3.8.1 is available for free , while the 64 - bit variant is a " donationware " .
Download ( MD5 ) link : elive_3.8.1_alpha_hybrid_i386.iso ( 2,484MB , pkglist ) .
Development Release : Elive 3.7.14 ( Alpha ) Elive is a desktop distribution based on Debian .
The project has released a new development snapshot based on Debian 10 .
The new snapshot offers UEFI support , the GNOME Software package manager , and an experimental 64 - bit build ( which is available at a cost ) . "
After a long time of development , the Elive team is proud to announce the release of the beta version 3.7.14 .
This new version includes updated to a Debian Buster base , with kernel 5.2.9 and many updated software .
Hardware support like UEFI , Secure Boot , nvme disks , optional 64 - bit builds .
Special dock - bar with multiple features !
Audio player directly on desktop with controls and covers .
Stability even stronger , like never seen before .
Temporary desktop for development based in E16 , offering a good and different experience .
Customized desktop theme with a dark look design ( light / clear design will be added in next versions ) .
GNOME
Software is the newly selected GUI application to manage packages , which is much more user friendly for novice users , and all APT tools are still fully available .
" Note : the website refers to the new development release as a beta , while the ISO file is labelled as an alpha snapshot .
Download : elive_3.7.14_alpha_hybrid_i386.iso ( 2,477MB , pkglist ) .
Distribution Release : Elive 3.0.4 Samuel F. Baggen has announced the availability of a new stable version of Elive , a desktop - oriented Linux distribution based on Debian 7 " Wheezy " , with a customised Enlightenment 17 desktop .
This is likely the last update in the Elive 3 series as the focus of the developer has shifted to the next release which will be based on Debian 10 " Buster " .
" Elive 3.0 has been updated and it will probably be the last updated build for the 3.0 release .
This updated release includes multiple internal improvements that have been developed for the next version of Elive and I backported these improvements to 3.0 .
There are too many internal code improvements to list all the details but I can at least summarize some important points .
Persistence - overall improvements for saving the desktop configurations based on different hardware profiles and improvements for the option to encrypt persistence ; Elive Health tool - improvements for the critical temperature detection feature ; USB recorder tool - now supports compressed images ; Sound - support for PulseAudio in the Elive internal mixer tool , in case the user installs it .... "
Here is the full release announcement .
Download ( MD5 , pkglist ) : elive_3.0.4_stable_hybrid.iso ( 3,120 MB ) , elive_3.0.4_stable_usb.img ( 3,259MB ) .
Distribution Release : Elive 3.0.3 Samuel F. Baggen has announced the release of Elive 3.0.3 , an updated build of the project 's desktop - oriented Linux distribution based on Debian 7 " Wheezy " and featuring a highly customised Enlightenment 17 desktop : " The major stable release of Elive 3.0 has been updated .
We were so pleased with this stable release of Elive and the result has been so amazing that there 's almost nothing that needed to be changed from it .
It was a truly a rock solid system and we wanted to update it with a slightly updated and polished build which includes : wallpaper - dynamically changes depending of the hour of the day , looking more magical and nicer for your eyes , and it also includes a hidden surprise for Christmas ; pop-ups - you wo n't be annoyed any more by the Hotkeys Document that appears in the desktop startup , we moved it to the launcher bar of applications ; desktop - disabled the screen off timeout and the asking for the presentation mode ; Flash - updated the Adobe Flash player for common browsers to the last version , tested on Chrome , Firefox and Opera ; multiuser - improved the multiple user desktop switching mode compatibility .... " Read the rest of the release announcement for more details .
Download ( MD5 , pkglist ) : elive_3.0.3_stable_hybrid.iso ( 3,114MB ) , elive_3.0.3_stable_usb.img ( 3,252MB ) .
Distribution Release : Elive 3.0.0 Samuel F. Baggen has announced the release of Elive 3.0.0 , a major update of the project 's Debian - based distribution with a customised Enlightenment 17 desktop user interface .
This version is based on the 32 - bit variant of Debian 7 " Wheezy " and , unlike the previous stable version ( 2.0 , released more than eight years ago ) , Elive 3 is free of charge and unlimited in any way : " After 8 years of silent development , the third stable version of Elive is out .
The result is simply amazing and the integration is gorgeous ; it is not even possible to describe every inside feature .
The new website only contains a small portion of its characteristics .
Unfortunately not everything is rainbows and perfection and the lack of resources delayed the release being too much .
This has lead to old packages and drivers , but despite that , the final result is really worth it .
Elive 3.0 is the most useful system ever made , perfect for the daily use , rock solid , beautiful and full of hidden features , with every effort to make it usable for any user level .
This version is most powerful , maintaining its lightness in resources and a blazing fast responsiveness .
And even better , the final stable version is entirely cost - free and limitless , with all its features .
"
See the release announcement for further information .
Download ( MD5 , pkglist ) : elive_3.0.0_stable_hybrid.iso ( 3,133MB ) , elive_3.0.0_stable_usb.img ( 3,271MB ) .
I ’m with Simon Johnson here : how is it possible , at this late date , for Obama to be this clueless ?
The lead story on Bloomberg right now contains excerpts from an interview with Business Week which tells us :
President Barack Obama said he does n’t “ begrudge ” the $ 17 million bonus awarded to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon or the $ 9 million issued to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. CEO Lloyd Blankfein , noting that some athletes take home more pay .
The president , speaking in an interview , said in response to a question that while $ 17 million is “ an extraordinary amount of money ” for Main Street , “ there are some baseball players who are making more than that and do n’t get to the World Series either , so I ’m shocked by that as well . ”
“ I know both those guys ; they are very savvy businessmen , ” Obama said in the interview yesterday in the Oval Office with Bloomberg BusinessWeek , which will appear on newsstands Friday .
“ I , like most of the American people , do n’t begrudge people success or wealth .
That is part of the free- market system . ”
Obama sought to combat perceptions that his administration is anti-business and trumpeted the influence corporate leaders have had on his economic policies .
He plans to reiterate that message when he speaks to the Business Roundtable , which represents the heads of many of the biggest U.S. companies , on Feb. 24 in Washington .
Oh . My. God .
First of all , to my knowledge , irresponsible behavior by baseball players has n’t brought the world economy to the brink of collapse and cost millions of innocent Americans their jobs and / or houses .
And more specifically , not only has the financial industry has been bailed out with taxpayer commitments ; it continues to rely on a taxpayer backstop for its stability .
Do n’t take it from me , take it from the rating agencies :
The planned overhaul of US financial rules prompted Standard & Poor ’s to warn on Tuesday it might downgrade the credit ratings of Citigroup and Bank of America on concerns that the shake - up would make it less likely that the banks would be bailed out by US taxpayers if they ran into trouble again .
The point is that these bank executives are not free agents who are earning big bucks in fair competition ; they run companies that are essentially wards of the state .
There ’s good reason to feel outraged at the growing appearance that we ’re running a system of lemon socialism , in which losses are public but gains are private .
And at the very least , you would think that Obama would understand the importance of acknowledging public anger over what ’s happening .
But no .
If the Bloomberg story is to be believed , Obama thinks his key to electoral success is to trumpet “ the influence corporate leaders have had on his economic policies . ”
We ’re doomed .
Despite a collapse of world tuna stocks , the Australian Government has decided not to support a global ban on the trade of the northern variety of the species .
Instead the Federal Environment Minister , Peter Garrett , is supporting stronger trade control measures on the trade of Atlantic bluefin tuna .
Australia will formalise its position at the 175 - nation Convention of the Parties to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) which starts in Doha tomorrow .
Stocks of Atlantic bluefin tuna are estimated to be at 15 per cent of the original 1940s levels after decades of industrial - scale fishing .
Mr Garrett says he believes imposing a blanket prohibition on international trade would undermine international fisheries management and cooperation to protect the species .
He says it will also allow individual countries to continue to catch Atlantic bluefin tuna for domestic consumption .
Greenpeace and the wildlife trade monitoring group Traffic say the stocks of Atlantic bluefin tuna are so low the species should not be fished at all .
Watch the full story on ABC1's Lateline tonight at 10.45 pm AEDT .
Last month I realised that approach anxiety was my sticking point , and so set myself the goal of opening 50 sets in February .
Due to a few cases of poor sarging planning and improper venue selection , I nearly missed my target .
It was tough going , and there were many nervous approaches on my part but I made it in the end .
An important point to note is that the fact that I set myself a goal was many times the only thing that drove me to get out in the field and sarge .
Goal setting is important , do it .
So , did I cure my approach anxiety ?
Yes and no .
I am still slightly apprehensive about approaching women , but this has massively improved .
I no longer get full on stomach churn when approaching , and as a result I am much calmer when in set .
An important thing to note about approach anxiety is that is is hard wired , and as such never fully disappears .
You just learn to cope with it .
All in all my social confidence has gone up hugely in the past month .
I ’m not going to talk crap to you and tell you I ’m a new man already , but my surge of confidence means I ’m certainly making big , positive changes to myself .
I feel a step closer on my journey to becoming a true PUA , but it ’s going to take time .
I know that there are lots of you out there who are currently being held back by approach anxiety , so I thought I ’d share with you what I learned this month , as it may hope you to overcome it :
As I suspected , the main thing you can do to overcome approach anxiety is to repeatedly open sets until it goes away .
No matter how nervous you are to start with eventually you will get used to it .
Just like your body , your psyche seems to be driven to achieve homoeostasis , so over time you learn to ignore the anxiety .
Having a set of openers that you feel comfortable saying really helps .
I found some of the standard Mystery Method openers ( “ I just need a female opinion on something … ” ) felt a bit odd , so I went with some openers which seemed a bit more natural .
For example , asking what time the bar you are in gets busy , or if there are any good clubs in the area .
If you are to approach many women , you must have a prepared opener which you feel comfortable saying .
Many people say that what you open with really is n’t that important .
This is true for the more advanced PUA , but what people that say this fail to realise is that one of the biggest things stopping a novice PUA from making an approach is that he does n’t know what to say to the set .
Fail to prepare some openers , dear reader , and you are going to fail to successfully open .
The reactions you will get from women are much better than you might expect if you ’re not used to opening .
Once you realise that nothing bad will happen when you open a set this gives you a lot more confidence .
The worst that has happened to me over the course of 50 approaches is being asked ever so nicely to leave them alone , and the odd funny look .
These ‘ bad ’ reactions happened on only a small percentage ( maybe 15 % ) of all approaches .
Do listen to what the girls in the set have to say .
It ’s easy to focus so much on your opener , body language and eye contact that you actually completely ignore almost every word the girl says .
The girls pick up on the fact that you ’re not really listening , and this makes them uncomfortable .
Also everything they say is a possible springboard to further conversation .
Not listening is wasteful .
The Mystery Method recommends the use of false time constraints ( FTC ) when opening .
An FTC is where through either words or body language , you , while opening , make the set believe you are just about to walk off .
This stops you looking needy , obscures your objective ( picking up the target ) from the set and makes the set feel more comfortable because they are n’t worried your going to be hanging around them for ages and boring them .
FTCs seem very powerful to me , and this is despite the fact I never a actually used an FTC .
So why do I think FTCs work when I have n’t used then ?
I occasional accidently used time constraints when opening .
This would typicaly be when I was leaving a bar , or moving to a different area of the club and decided to spontaneously open a set on my way .
I was never intending to stand around and chat with them .
Just a quick opener then I was off .
Almost every time I did this I got great reactions from the set .
Like lots of big smiles , trying to re engage me in conversation as I walked off , and some times even one of the girls grabbing my arm to get my attention as I walked off .
These sets did not feel like I was trying to pick them up .
I was just the fun guy that has little chats with everyone .
This made them want to talk to me .
There was no , “ FFS , another random guy trying to hit on us ” bitch shield to try and circumvent with these sets .
FTCs are an attempt to artificially recreate what I did naturally on these occasions .
Do use FTCs .
I ’ve noticed that many aPUS do n’t bother with them , but I ’m sure that your sets will open more easily with them .
The opening line itself may not matter , but the first impression you give sure as hell does .
One thing I did find , is that because I was purely focused on opening , not intending to do any follow through , I did prematurely bail on quite a few sets .
With almost half the sets I opened the girls would have been quite happy for me to hang around and chat longer .
Around a third of sets actually seemed to actively want me to stay and chat to them after I started to leave .
Some of these sets tried to re-initiate conversation as I was leaving .
I usually gave them the brush off , and ignored any IOIs I was given .
This was the one disadvantage of single mindedly focusing on opening .
I could have taken many of the sets I opened much further if I had n’t lost interest in them as soon as I ’d added another notch to my opening bed post .
I think the graduated , one step at a time approach I have decided to take might occasionally slow my progress down artificially .
Despite this , I think learning game will take a long time anyway , and in the long term I fell that this controlled pace of learning will lead to a greater mastery of the game .
So for now it ’s back to the books .
I have put some of what I learned in the field into practice , now it ’s time to do some reading , study up on the theory and decide where I want to go from here .
Once I ’ve worked out what the next step is , I will be able to set this months goals such that completing them will help me get there .
In my next post I ’ll let you know what March ’s goals are .
Edit : March ’s goals online
Over the weekend I received an email from Irishscot2 , a poster on MarketWatch , regarding seasonal adjustments to the unemployment rate .
Hi Mish
I believe the seasonal adjustment is no longer valid given that anticipated job creation down the road has not and will not be happening .
I expect late spring to reverse the January effect heading into the elections .
If so , a perfect political storm brewing because of their models !
Irishscot2
Irishscot2
Seasonally Unadjusted Unemployment vs. Unadjusted Unemployment
Unadjusted Unemployment Minus Seasonally Adjusted Unemployment
Seasonal Adjustment Highlights
There is always a big BLS adjustment in January
There is always a reversion to the mean that overshoots to the downside between March and April
There is always a secondary rebound back above the 0.0 % line in July , followed by a smaller overshoot to the downside in October .
Real World Analysis
TrimTabs employment analysis , which uses real - time daily income tax deposits from all U.S. taxpayers to compute employment growth , estimated that the U.S. economy shed 104,000 jobs in January .
Meanwhile , the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) reported the U.S. economy lost 20,000 jobs .
We believe the BLS has underestimated January ’s results due to problems inherent in their survey techniques .
While the BLS originally reported job losses of 4.2 million in 2009 , TrimTabs reported 5.3 million , a difference of more than a million lost jobs .
Since July 2009 , TrimTabs estimates and the BLS estimates have diverged again .
While the tax data points to a weak job market , the BLS estimates point to a steadily improving job market .
We believe the job market is much worse than the BLS is reporting and that in January 2011 , when the BLS revises their estimates for 2010 , their April 2009 through December 2009 results will move much closer to TrimTabs ’ results .
The BLS has seriously underreported job losses for the past two years due to their flawed methodology .
TrimTabs has identified the following four problems :
1. The BLS employment estimate is based on a survey , and not on an actual count of employees .
While the BLS survey is large and supposedly designed to capture the complex nature of the employment market , it is still a survey and therefore subject to error .
TrimTabs believes that rapid changes in an employment cycle cannot be captured by surveys .
....
Real - Time tax withholding data shows that wages and salaries declined an adjusted 1.0 % y- o -y .
In January 2009 , wages and salaries declined 5.0 % .
If the labor market were improving , we would expect a positive year - over - year growth rate .
The fact that tax withholding data is still declining year - over - year suggests that the labor market is still contracting .
( CNN ) --
The mid-Atlantic region continued digging out Monday from the weekend 's record blizzard , but snow - weary residents learned of a new winter storm due in the area on Tuesday .
The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning , with predictions of another 10 to 20 inches of snow , for northern Virginia and eastern Maryland , including the District of Columbia , beginning Tuesday afternoon and continuing through Wednesday .
" A winter storm warning means significant amounts of snow are expected or occurring , " said the statement from the weather service facility in Sterling , Virginia .
" The combination of snow and strong winds will make travel very hazardous . "
If as severe as predicted , the new storm would be the third major snowfall to hit the nation 's capital and surrounding region in just over seven weeks .
In last weekend 's blizzard , a record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Washington 's Dulles International Airport over two days , breaking a January 7 - 8 , 1996 , record of 23.2 inches .
Federal workers in Washington , with the exception of emergency employees , stayed home Monday and students in most schools in the nation 's capital got a snow day .
Many residents who spent the weekend playfully making snowmen and hurling snowballs also grumbled as they shoveled hip - high snow from driveways .
" The streets are pretty well covered , " Kingsley Barreto said Sunday about his subdivision in Gaithersburg , Maryland .
" No cars coming in or out of here .
Hopefully everyone in the community has enough supplies to last them for a little while , because it does n't look like we 're going anywhere anytime soon , " Barreto said in a post he submitted to iReport , a CNN Web site that allows people to submit information , pictures and videos .
Watch Barreto's iReport on his neighborhood
Crews worked around the clock to clear roads and repair power lines , warning that it might take days to restore electricity to some customers from Pennsylvania to Virginia .
Two of Dulles ' four runways were open Monday morning , and officials hoped to have a third open later in the day , said Courtney Mickalonis of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority .
The situation there is " getting back to normal , " Mickalonis said .
But airport officials asked travelers not to go there without confirmed flights .
Reagan National Airport was scheduled to reopen at 10 a.m. Monday , with flights resuming on a limited basis , the airport authority said .
Travelers were urged to check with airlines on flight schedules before heading to the airport .
Baltimore / Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport was open Monday , with limited service , spokesman Jonathan Dean said .
One of the two runways opened Sunday night , and some flights landed , Dean said .
However , airport authorities expect carrier delays and cancellations because of the backlog .
Are you there ?
Share your winter weather photos , video
Airport crews were dealing with a refreeze from overnight , but officials intended to have both runways open by the end of Monday .
Amtrak canceled several trains Sunday after trees and power lines fell on tracks , the train service said .
Dozens of Greyhound bus trips in mid-Atlantic states also were canceled , the company said on its Web site .
And officials across the region advised drivers to stay off slick roads .
" Everybody 's just trying to clean up and get a little bit ahead of the game before the next round comes , " said Michelle Timberlake , who lives on a farm in Boyce , Virginia , about two hours west of Washington .
The interior designer found herself running through a mountain of snow when about 40 cows escaped from the pasture on her husband 's farm in search of food and shelter .
" This was not what I imagined for myself , " she said Sunday , laughing about the experience .
CNN 's Sarah Lee , Sarah Aarthun , Justin Lear and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .
You know the guy who “ accidentally ” rapes women ?
The acquaintance who “ misreads ” the situation and “ goes too far ” ?
The longtime friend who genuinely thought you had consented , and is shocked when you tell him that , no , it was rape ?
Well , we ’re not going to take that guy ’s bullshit anymore .
Thomas MacAulay Millar over at the Yes Means Yes ! blog has crunched the numbers on “ undetected ” acquaintance rapists to figure out who this “ accidental rapist ” actually is .
Thomas looks at a study of 1882 college students who were asked four questions to determine if they had ever raped ( or attempted to rape ) anyone :
1 ) Have you ever attempted unsuccessfully to have intercourse with an adult by force or threat of force ?
2 ) Have you ever had sexual intercourse with someone who did not want you to because they were too intoxicated to resist ?
3 ) Have you ever had intercourse with someone by force or threat of force ?
4 ) Have you ever had oral intercourse with someone by force or threat of force ?
Questions like these are bound to lead to underreporting — - what guy is going to admit to forcing a girl to give him head ?
As it turns out , a lot of guys will admit to this , 120 to be exact :
That ’s six percent of the survey ’s respondents who copped to either rape or attempted rape .
Importantly , Thomas notes , the survey does not actually ask these guys if they ’ve ever exactly “ raped ” anyone :
If a survey asks men , for example , if they ever “ had sexual intercourse with someone , even though they did not want to , because they were too intoxicated ( on alcohol or drugs ) to resist your sexual advances , ” some of them will say yes , as long as the questions do n’t use the “ R ” word .
And they did n’t just admit to raping — - they admitted toraping repeatedly ( as long as it ’s not really “ rape , ” of course ! )
According to the study , a small percentage of men are responsible for committing a large portion of sexual assaults — - that ’s a whole lot of “ accidents , ” “ misreadings , ” and “ gray areas ” :
Of the 120 rapists in the sample , 44 reported only one assault .
The remaining 76 were repeat offenders .
These 76 men , 63 % of the rapists , committed 439 rapes or attempted rapes , an average of 5.8 each ( median of 3 , so there were some super - repeat offenders in this group ) .
Just 4 % of the men surveyed committed over 400 attempted or completed rapes .
What does this mean about our “ accidental ” rapists ?
a) The vast majority of acquaintance rapes are committed by the same people ;
b ) These people do n’t see themselves as “ rapists ” ;
c ) They are , however , able recognize that they regularly threat , force , and intoxicate women in order to have sex with them .
Oops !
There ’s no “ accident ” here — - these guys just deny , evade punishment , and repeat .
So , what do we do to stop these guys ?
Well , here ’s a start :
Let ’s call them rapists .
It ’s not just rapists who fail to recognize these behaviors — - threatening , forcing , incapacitating — - as “ real ” rape .
We all have to stop making excuses for calling a rapist a rapist — - and doubting , minimizing , or lashing out against the people who do use that word .
Women need to know that they can call their experiences “ rape ” and report them as crimes .
They need to know that they can call their rapists “ rapists , ” even if the rapist is also someone ’s “ friend , ” “ acquaintance , ” “ co- worker , ” “ fraternity brother , ” or “ respected member of our community . ”
As Thomas says :
The men in your lives will tell you what they do .
As long as the R word does n’t get attached , rapists do self - report .
The guy who says he sees a woman too drunk to know where she is as an opportunity is not joking .
He ’s telling you how he sees it .
The guy who says , “ bros before hos ” , is asking you to make a pact .
The Pact .
The social structure that allows the predators to hide in plain sight , to sit at the bar at the same table with everyone , take a target home , rape her , and stay in the same social circle because she ca n’t or wo n’t tell anyone , or because nobody does anything if she does .
The pact to make excuses , to look for mitigation , to patch things over — to believe that what happens to our friends — what our friends do to our friends — is not ( using Whoopi Goldberg ’s pathetic apologetics ) “ rape - rape . ” . . .
The rapists ca n’t be your friends , and if you are loyal to them even when faced with the evidence of what they do , you are complicit .
That last point is an important one .
People who excuse rapists usually see that equation from the other end : “ He ’s my friend , so he ca n’t be a rapist . ”
We need to reverse that equation — - “ He ’s a rapist , so he ca n’t be my friend . ”
Perhaps them we could begin addressing why the dictionary definition of rape is overlooked — - threatening , forcing , and incapacitating for sex — - in our to avoid applying the word — - “ rapist ” — - to anyone we know .
Generally , access to a computer is protected by login name and password .
For hackers usually , it becomes so easy to find out a password for given computer .
There are many repeated usernames and passwords which is being used commonly by people .
Google can find the system logs and may be visible on the internet .
Cybercriminals are targeting password managers by using the Citadel Trojan to access master passwords .
According to a study of 2014 worst passwords are 12345 , 12345678 , qwerty , 1234567890 , 1234 , baseball , dragon and football .
Designed to securely password manager software is now becoming a target for cybercriminals .
By brute force hackers tries to find password combinations until they get in .
They find a combination which works then they get access to the server .
It becomes successful when people use passwords like ‘ 123456 ' and usernames like ‘ admin . ' with short numerical passwords websites are starting to enforce stronger password policies .
How to Fix Them
If you find out any password in a list , as soon as possible change it .
Take an advice from Microsoft MVP before creating a new password .
This will protect your password that no one will have any idea of it .
Many time , creating a unique password for many websites is so difficult to remember it .
Then either uses a password manager or consider adopting a password - alternative biometric products .
Stop using same username / password combo across multiple sites .
In CES 2014 , various respondents and companies were adopting biometrics to replace passwords .
Here is some advice for making passwords more secure :
Try to make a password with eight characters or more and mixed type of character .
Passwords like “ Dr4mat1 c ” can be vulnerable to attackers .
Passwords of random words combination like “ j%7K&yPx $ ” can be difficult to remember .
So easy method to recall passwords is to use passphrases – words with spaces or special characters .
Like “ do_it_by_your_hand ” .
Strong passwords must meet the minimum length .
A secure password should include upper and lower case letters , number .
A password should not comprise user 's name or mailbox name .
The SS United States was never called upon to do that .
Instead , it entertained an A - list of guests - John F. Kennedy , the Duke and Duchess of Windsor , Marilyn Monroe , Judy Garland , and Marlon Brando among them - who danced in opulent ballrooms and feasted upon Scotch grouse a l 'Anglaise , paupiette of Dover sole , and braised smoked ox tongue .
Now the Earl of Dartmouth has been asked to leave a debate for saying that for hot countries such as Greece and Cyprus to have an " Arctic Policy " was " as bizarre as the appointment of Baroness Ashton as the EU's high representative " .
要約：素数判定に使われるミラーラビン法を解説しながら、Haskell で実装してみる。
フェルマーテスト 大きな数を確実に素数だと判定するには、大変時間がかかるので、実用的には「ほぼ素数だ」と確率的に判定する。確率的な素数判定の代表格がフェルマーテストである。
フェルマーテストには、以下に示すフェルマーの小定理を利用する。 a^p ≡ a ( mod p ) a は任意の整数。p は素数である。法 p の下で a を p 乗したものは 、a と合同であると言う意味だ 。a には制限はないが、特に a を p より小さい整数、0 ≦ a ≦ p - 1 とすれば、a を p 乗して、p で割ると a に戻るとも解釈できる。 最初に見たときは、だからどうしたと思われるかもしれない。しかし、有名なフェルマーの大定理が実用上何の役にも立たないのに対し、フェルマーの小定理はいろんな場面で活躍する。 実際に計算してみよう。準備として 、base を ex 乗して m で割った余りをとる関数 expmod を以下のように定義する。この関数は、高速で、しかも使用するメモリーが少ない。 expmod :: Integer -> Integer -> Integer ->
Integer expmod base ex m | ex == 0 = 1 | even ex = square ( expmod base ( ex `div` 2 ) m ) `mod` m | otherwise = ( base * ( expmod base ( ex - 1 ) m ) ) `mod` m where square x = x * x 素数の例として 563 を取り上げる。 expmod 2 563 563 → 2 map ( \ x -> expmod x 563 563 ) [ 0 .. 562 ] == [ 0 .. 562 ] →
True すべての素数はフェルマーの小定理を満たす。よって大きな整数 n が素数であるかを判定するには、任意の整数 a に対して n がフェルマーの小定理を満たすか調べればよい。 フェルマーの小定理を使って、n が素数か確率的に判定する fermat という関数は以下のように書ける。 fermat :: Integer -> Integer ->
Bool fermat n a = expmod a n n == a 素数に対して実験してみよう。 fermat 563 2 → True fermat 563 3 → True fermat 563 4 → True 素数であると判定された。 次に、合成数 560 について実験してみる。 fermat 560 2 → False fermat 560 3 → False fermat 560 4 → False 合成であると判定された。 乱数を自動的に生成して、テストするようにしてみよう。 import Random import Control .
Applicative fermatRandom :: Integer -> IO Bool fermatRandom n = fermat n < $> get Random 2 ( n - 2 ) 実際に使ってみる。 fermatRandom 563 → True fermatRandom 560 → False Bool が返ってきているように見えるが、乱数を使っているので
IO Bool が返っていることに注意 。
疑素数 フェルマーテストを騙す数を疑素数という。たとえば、合成数 341 ( 11 × 31 ) は、乱数がたまたま 2 となれば、フェルマーテストを騙すことができる。
>| |haskell|
fermat 341 2
→ True
|
つまり、こういうことだ。
整数 n が、フェルマーテストに落ちたら、n は確実に合成 数
整数 n が、フェルマーテストに受かったら、n は素数か合成 数
1回のテストでは心もとないので、通常は k 回ほどこのテストを繰り返して確率を上げる。
import Control .
Monad fermatTest :: Int ->
Integer -> IO Bool fermatTest times n = and < $> replicateM times ( fermatRandom n)
341 に対して、10 回テストを繰り返してみよう。
fermatTest 10 341 → False
カーマイケル数 最強の疑素数をカーマイケル数という。 疑素数 341 が 2 のときにしかフェイルマーテストを騙せなかったのに対し、疑素数はフェルマーテストを騙す。 最小のカーマイケル数 は 、561 ( 3 × 11 × 17 ) である。実際に試してみよう。 fermat 561 2 → True fermat 561 3 → True fermat 561 4 → True length $ filter ( fermat 561 ) [ 0 .. 560 ] → 561 恐ろしいことにすべての場合で、騙していると分かる。
フェルマーの小定理の変形 カーマイケル数に騙されにくくする方法の1つは、変形したフェルマーの小定理を用いることである。
フェルマーの小定理は、以下の通りであった。 a^p ≡ a ( mod p ) a が p の倍数でなければ、両辺を a で割ってよいので、以下のように変形できる。( 法 p の下では、p の倍数は 0 と同じ意味になるので、これで割ってはいけない。 ) a ^ ( p - 1 ) ≡ 1 ( mod p ) 我々にとっては、0 を取り除いた 、1 ≦ a ≦ p - 1 の範囲で考えれば十分である。変形フェルマーの小定理を使ったテストは以下のように実装できる。 fermat ' :: Integer -> Integer ->
Bool fermat ' n a = expmod a ( n - 1 ) n == 1 実際に使ってみよう。 fermat '
561 2 → True fermat ' 561 3 → False fermat ' 561 4 → True カーマイケル数 n が変形フェルマーテストを騙す a の条件は、gcd ( n , a ) = 1 である。 たとえ ば 、561 の場合 、3、11、17 を因数に持つ a は、変形フェルマーテストを騙せない。 length $ filter ( fermat ' 561 ) [ 1 .. 561 ] → 320 フェルマーテストを変形すると、騙されにくくなったことが分かる。
ミラーラビン法のアイディア 変形フェルマーテストの確率をさらに上げるために、自明でない 1 の平方根を探す方法がある。これは、ミラーラビン法と呼ばれている。
まず、1 の自明な平方根とはなんだろうか？ その数 x は二乗したら 1 になるはずである。 x ^2 = 1 ( mod n ) 変形すると ( x - 1 ) ( x + 1 ) = 0 ( mod n ) n が素数であれば、n は ( x - 1 ) も ( x + 1 ) も割り切らない。そこで、x は 1 か - 1 であると分かる。これを 1 の自明な平方根という。 -1 とは、n - 1 のことである。 合成数の場合は、1 や - 1 以外に、二乗して 1 となる整数が存在する。その数を 1 の自明でない平方根と呼ぶ。 意味が分からないと思うので、例を挙げよう。 素数 563 に対して、自明な平方根は、1 と 562 である。 expmod 1 2 563 → 1 expmod 562 2 563 → 1 たとえば 、67 は二乗しても 1 にはならない。 expmod 67 2 563 → 548 ここで、カーマイケル数 561 に対しても同じ計算をしてみる。 expmod 1 2 561 → 1 expmod 560 2 561 → 1 expmod 67 2 561 → 1 67 を 2 乗すると 1 になった。これが1の自明でない平方根である。つまり、66 と 68 を素因数分解してみれば、3、11、17 という因数が現れる！ 僕が計算したところ、561 に対して1の自明でない平方根は
67,188,254,307,373,494 であった。
ミラーラビン法のアルゴリズム ミラーラビン法は、変形フェルマーテストを計算する過程で、1の自明でない平方根を見つけるアルゴリズムである。
素数か合成数か判定したい整数 n は奇数である。( n = 2 は自明すぎて対象外。それ以外の偶数は、もちろん合成数である。) よって、n - 1 は偶数であり、因数 2 を持つ。 n - 1 を d × 2^s と表すことにする。d は奇数である。変形フェルマーの小定理より。 a^( d × 2^s ) ≡ 1 ( mod n ) つまり、n が素数であれば、a を d × 2^s 乗したとき は 1 。 素数は、1 の自明な平方根しか持たないので、a を d × 2 ^ ( s - 1 ) 乗したときは 、1 か - 1 である。 a を d × 2 ^ ( s - 1 ) 乗したとき 1 となった場合、a を d × 2 ^ ( s - 2 ) 乗したときは 、1 か - 1 となる。 同様の考察を続けると、n が素数であるための条件は以下の通り。 a^d ≡ 1 ( mod n ) 、また は
ある r ( 0 ≦ r ＜ s - 1 ) に対して a^( d × 2^r ) ≡ - 1 ( mod n ) これを実装すると、以下のようになる。 factor2 :: Integer -> ( Int , Integer ) factor2 n = factor2 ' ( 0 , n ) where factor2 ' ( s , d ) | even d = factor2 ' ( s + 1 , d `div` 2 ) | otherwise = ( s , d ) millerRabin :: Integer -> Integer ->
Bool millerRabin n a = let ( s , d ) = factor2 ( n - 1 ) aExpD = expmod a d n double x = expmod x 2 n evens = take s $ iterate double aExpD in aExpD == 1 || any ( == n - 1 ) evens millerRabinRandom :: Integer -> IO Bool millerRabinRandom n = millerRabin n < $> getRandom 2 ( n - 2 ) millerRabinTest :: Int ->
Integer -> IO Bool millerRabinTest times n = and < $> replicateM times ( millerRabinRandom n ) 実際に実験してみよう。 length $ filter ( millerRabin 561 ) [ 1 .. 560 ] → 10 fermat ' では 320 通り騙されていたのに、millerRabin では 10 通りしか騙されない。つまり、310個の場合の計算過程において、1の自明でない平方根(67,188,254,307,373,494)を見つけたことになる。
もちろん素数は、すべての場合に millerRabin テストにパスする。 length $ filter ( millerRabin 563 ) [ 1 .. 562 ] → 562
最終実験 以下のようにカーマイケル数と素数を定義する。 carmichaels :: [ Integer ] carmichaels = [ 561 , 1105 , 1729 , 2465 , 2821 , 6601 , 8911 , 10585 , 15841 ] primes :: [ Integer ] primes = [ 563 , 1009 , 1013 , 1019 , 10007 , 10009 , 10037 , 100003 , 100019 ] カーマイケル数は、高い確率で fermatTest を騙す。 mapM ( fermatTest 10 ) carmichaels → [ True , True , True , True , True , True , True , True , True ] mapM ( fermatTest 10 ) primes → [ True , True , True , True , True , True , True , True , True ] 一方、カーマイケル数は、millerRabinTest を騙すこともあるが、その確率は高くない。 mapM ( millerRabinTest 10 ) carmichaels → [ False , False , False , False , False , False , False , False , False ] mapM ( millerRabinTest 1 ) carmichaels → [ True , False , False , False , False , False , False , False , False ] mapM ( millerRabinTest 10 ) primes → [ True , True , True , True , True , True , True , True , True ]
A flight from Rochester , N.Y. , to Atlanta was canceled on Thursday after two flight attendants got into a fist fight , YNN Rochester reported .
Two female flight attendants “ got into a fistfight on the plane , ” said passenger Steve Mazur , according to the Web site .
“ The pilot decided to kick everyone off the plane . ”
“ They told us we had to get off the plane because stewardesses were fighting , ” said passenger Corey Minton .
The Delta Connection flight was operated by Pinnacle Airlines , which has suspended the two women while an investigation is conducted , the site reported .
“ The acts described are not acceptable , ” said Joe Williams , a spokesman for Pinnacle Airlines .
Passengers were reportedly placed on other flights .
Read more at FOXNews.com .
2002 Honda Accord Cpe EX
In November 2008 , around the same time that Big Three automakers were making repeat visits to Washington to request federal support , Honda began having troubles of its own -- specifically , troubles with airbags in the 2001 Honda Accord and Honda Civic .
The company immediately issued a recall for about 4,000 automobiles , then in July of last year , Honda dramatically expanded that recall by nearly 440,000 units , adding the 2002 Accord and the 2002/2003 Acura TL to the list .
Now , the recall has enlarged by another 378,758 vehicles : the complete list includes the 2001 and 2002 Honda Accord ; the 2001 and 2002 Honda Civic ; the 2001 and 2002 Honda Odyssey ; the 2001 and 2002 Honda CR - V ; and the 2002 and 2003 Acura TL .
The problem centers on the airbag inflator , which can deploy with too much pressure .
That , in turn , can shatter the inflator casing and send metal fragments through the airbag itself .
The company has acknowledged 12 incidents related to the problem , one of which resulted in death .
With the expansion , the recall now affects 826,425 vehicles in the U.S. and an additional 125,693 outside the country .
It 's important to note that the recall does n't affect every one of the units mentioned above .
If you own one of these models , visit http://owners.honda.com/recalls ( for Hondas ) or http://owners.acura.com/recalls/ ( for Acuras ) and enter your VIN to see if your car is on the list .
If you 'd prefer to speak to a representative , Honda owners can call 800-999-1009 and Acura owners can call 800-382-2238 .
When calling , be sure to select menu option # 4 .
It 's also important to note that the recall is entirely voluntary on Honda 's part -- but then , given the fiasco brewing at Toyota , it 's not surprising that Honda is taking such precautions .
In a conference call last night , John Mendel , executive vice president at American Honda Motor Company , admitted that " There 's a heightened sensitivity right now with anything to do with recalls . "
No kidding .
If you 'd like to read the updated memo from Honda , we 've pasted it below .
The company has said that it will post additional information about the recall at 2:00 pm PST ( aka Closing Time ET ) this Friday , Februray 12 .
* * * * *
American Honda Motor Co. , Inc. Announces Expansion of Driver ’s Airbag Inflator Recall
American Honda Motor Co. , Inc has expanded a previously announced recall of certain 2001 and 2002 model - year vehicles to replace the driver ’s airbag inflator in an additional 378,758 vehicles in the U.S.
The driver ’s airbag inflators in these vehicles may deploy with too much pressure , which can cause the inflator casing to rupture and could result in injury or fatality .
In total , American Honda is aware of 12 incidents related to this issue as of February 2010 .
While American Honda was aware of two additional events when the decision to first expand the recall was made in July 2009 , we are not aware of any new events that have occurred after July 2009 .
However , we have concluded that we cannot be completely certain that the driver ’s airbag inflator in the vehicles being added to this recall at this time will perform as designed .
Therefore , we have decided to add certain 2001 and 2002 Accord , Civic , Odyssey , CR - V , and selected 2002 Acura TL vehicles to this recall .
American Honda is announcing this recall expansion to encourage all owners of these vehicles to take their vehicle to an authorized dealer as soon as they receive notification from American Honda that their vehicle is affected .
Notification to customers will start within this month .
As with nearly all Honda and Acura safety recalls , American Honda originally brought this matter to the attention of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) and has kept NHTSA apprised of our decision to include additional vehicles in the expanded recall .
At this time , there is no action required on the part of the customer .
While we know the range of affected vehicles , we are currently processing the specific vehicle identification numbers ( VINs ) of the expanded group that will receive notifications by mail .
We also expect to have more detailed recall information about specific vehicles available at this website beginning at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time on Friday , February 12 , 2010 .
Owners of these vehicles will be able to determine if their vehicle requires repair by going on - line or calling .
Honda owners can go to http://owners.honda.com/recalls or call ( 800 ) 999-1009 ; Acura owners can go to http://owners.acura.com/recalls or call ( 800 ) 382-2238 .
If calling , customers should select menu item 4 .
We apologize for any inconvenience or concern that this matter may cause to you or your family .
Please rest assured that American Honda will make every effort to notify affected owners as soon as possible .
[ Honda , DetNews ]
Betty
White is a talented comedic actress who has been in the entertainment industry for over 50 years .
This is a screengrab of a Digg.com search of " Betty White . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The top three results , all within the last month , are about Betty White and the show Saturday Night Live .
The bottom article , the one with the most diggs , describes a Facebook campaign demanding that SNL let Betty White host the show , the one in the middle lays out a few sketches she should appear in .
( That Facebook group , by the way , has almost 500,000 fans . )
The most recent story in that screengrab links to the story confirming that Betty would in fact be hosting the show .
The day that article went live , Betty White was a trending topic on social networking site Twitter , just below the showSkins and above something called a justin bieber .
I Have Nothing Against Betty White
The Facebook campaign starts it , Digg.com keeps us posted and Twitter celebrates .
Congratulations , Internet , you got Betty White to host SNL .
Quick question though :
This is one of the most perplexing Internet things I 've seen in a while but , before we get into that , I wanted to quickly get something out of the way .
No problems with her whatsoever .
I thought she was great on The Golden Girls , and as far as old people go , it does n't seem like she 's completely lost her mind , which is good .
She 's a terrific entertainer and seems like a pretty sweet lady ( though I have no idea what that means ) .
I 'm not a Betty White hater .
I 'm not sure if I 'd call myself a fan , exactly .
I guess if I had to answer the question , " What do you think about Betty White ? "
I 'd respond , " I do n't . "
But still , nothing against the old broad .
Katy Perry Gets Slimed
" Why does it taste like boogers ? " jokes the singer .
( 3.27.10 )
As the most public - and pivotal - opponent of an adults - only video game rating in Australia , Michael Atkinson is a rather public figure .
Just do n't call him a crook .
You may end up being sued by him .
Advertisement
Last year , a user - submitted comment on an Adelaide - based website called Atkinson a " crook " .
That 's it .
It had been submitted by Dean McQuillan , a man brave / stupid enough to use his real name .
Despite the website removing the comment from public view , McQuillan has for his troubles been sued .
Advertisement
Let 's just spell this out .
A member of the public , posting a harmless comment on a local website , has been sued not just by a State government politician , but by a state government attorney general .
Atkinson 's lawyers say the term was " highly defamatory " , and are after $ 20,000 in " damages " .
They 've obviously never looked over a video game website 's comments section before .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What a world we live in .
And people wonder why Australian gamers get so worked up about this guy .
In other Michael Atkinson news , it 's also come to light that a group claiming that video games are as bad for you as smoking ( and which picked up serious national exposure with that " revelation " earlier this week ) is , surprise , being heavily supported by Atkinson .
Financially .
Every year the group 's actions in providing additional , voluntary ratings for media products receives backing from the South Australia Attorney General , with 2006 figures revealing his office had already ponied up AUD $ 33,000 in government funding .
Advertisement
Miffed Minister 's Gag [ Media Watch , via Game Politics ]
Video game ' cancer ' group funded by Atkinson [ news ]
Payloads arrive at the pad for packing into Discovery
BY JUSTIN RAY
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : March 19 , 2010
The reusable hauler of supplies to the International Space Station was delivered to the launch pad this morning , ready for shuttle Discovery to truck the cargo - laden module to the orbiting outpost next month .
Credit : Ben Cooper / Spaceflight Now
Known by its nickname Leonardo , or more formally as the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module , this cylindrical structure is packed with new equipment , science gear and provisions for the station .
Discovery 's upcoming mission , slated for blastoff April 5 at 6:21 a.m. EDT ( 1021 GMT ) , will attach Leonardo onto the station so that the astronauts can unload what amounts to a space - age moving van .
And once the racks of hardware and bags of supplies are pulled from Leonardo , items either no longer needed on the space station or looking for a ride back to Earth will be stashed inside the module before it 's returned to Discovery 's payload bay for ferrying home .
Leonardo was moved out of Kennedy Space Center 's Space Station Processing Facility last week tucked within a special transport canister shaped like the shuttle 's 60 - foot - long payload bay .
After a layover at the rotation building , where the container was turned upright , the module reached pad 39A before dawn today .
Ground crews went to work hoisting the canister up the gantry to place the payload into the pad 's cleanroom for its eventual insertion into the shuttle bay next Wednesday .
Clay Anderson , a former space station resident and now flying as a Discovery crew member , says Leonardo really is like a moving van .
" If people can use the analogy that we 're moving stuff from one house to another , if you will , and it's our U - Haul , it 's our cargo carrier , " he said .
" And instead of driving it into the driveway and opening the back and carrying all the stuff out , we do it a little differently and we bring it up in the space shuttle and hook it up to the bottom of the station . "
The space station 's arm will be used to hoist Leonardo out of the shuttle , maneuver it around and then mount the module to the Harmony connecting node 's downward - facing port .
" Once it 's plugged in , we hook it up , make sure it 's airtight , open the door and go inside and start to transfer all that cargo , " he said .
Discovery mission specialist Naoko Yamazaki , an astronaut from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency , serves as the " load master " during the flight to oversee the transfer of items from Leonardo .
" Load master seems to be a challenging job , " she said in a pre-flight interview .
" The transfer activities will take about more than 120 hours , so it is very challenging to orchestrate all the activities in order .
Some hardware has constraints , so some hardware needs to be transferred in certain order and in a certain way .
So I need to understand the hardware very well .
" It 's like moving into a new house .
Some items needs to be treated very carefully and some items need to be transferred in a certain order .
I believe it will go well with all my great crew members ' help . "
File photo of Leonardo being lifted from the shuttle bay .
Credit : NASA
The Italian - built module is packed with items large and small for the station , including a new crew sleeping compartment , a supercold laboratory freezer , an exercise machine , a window observation assembly , assorted experiment equipment and multiple racks holding bags of supplies .
The challenge facing Discovery 's astronauts and their fellow crewmates from the Expedition 23 team living aboard the station is getting all the transfer work done during the week the shuttle is docked .
" It has to be removed in a certain amount of time and we have to get it to a place within the station where it's not in the way , and stowage is a big problem inside the station these days , " Anderson said .
" Then we have to take all the stuff the station guys do n't need any more and put it back , pack it securely so that we can bring it home .
So the big activity of transferring , of bringing all that stuff on and taking all the stuff off , it may sound very simple but it has to be quite uniquely choreographed because we want to make sure that we do n't forget anything . "
The other members of Discovery 's crew includes commander Alan Poindexter , pilot Jim Dutton and mission specialists Rick Mastracchio , Dotty Metcalf - Lindenburger and Stephanie Wilson .
Also along for the launch besides Leonardo in the payload bay is a bridge - like structure holding an ammonia coolant tank that Discovery 's astronauts will spend three spacewalks swapping out with a depleted reservoir on the station 's truss backbone .
The ammonia is used in the station 's thermal control system .
Assuming an on - time launch , Discovery will rendezvous and dock with the station on April 7 at 3:50 a.m. EDT .
The following flight day is devoted to mounting Leonardo onto the Harmony node and opening up the hatchway , with attachment targeted for April 8 at about 12:15 a.m .
The mission 's three spacewalks by Mastracchio and Anderson are slated to begin at 1:41 a.m. April 9 , 2:16 a.m. April 11 and 3:11 a.m. April 13 .
The first excursion moves the new ammonia tank from the shuttle into a temporary holding spot on the station , the second EVA removes the depleted tank and installs the new one , and the third spacewalk stows the old tank in the shuttle bay for return to Earth .
A handful of other odds and ends are included in the timelines for each of the 6.5 - hour EVAs .
Leonardo will be closed up and then detached from the station around 8:45 a.m. April 15 , and Discovery undocks from the outpost at 4:03 a.m. April 16 .
Landing at the Kennedy Space Center is targeted for Sunday , April 18 at 8:38 a.m. EDT .
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH STS - 131 PAYLOAD MANAGER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH BOEING PAYLOAD MANAGER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CAN THE SHUTTLE PROGRAM AVOID LOOMING RETIREMENT ?
PLAY
VIDEO : WHAT ABOUT ADDING ONE MORE SHUTTLE MISSION ?
PLAY
VIDEO : FULL BRIEFING BY SHUTTLE AND STATION OFFICIALS PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW BRIEFING ON MISSION'S SPACEWALKS PLAY
VIDEO : THE ASTRONAUTS ' PRE - FLIGHT NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE EVACUATION PRACTICE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW MODULE HATCH IS CLOSED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS BOARD DISCOVERY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW BRIEFED ON EMERGENCY PROCEDURES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TEST - DRIVING AN EMERGENCY ARMORED TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NIGHTTIME APPROACHES IN TRAINING AIRCRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS CHAT WITH REPORTERS AT PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS ARRIVE AT KENNEDY SPACE CENTER HI-DEF
VIDEO : GANTRY PLACED AROUND DISCOVERY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY REACHES PAD 39A PLAY | HI - DEF
VIDEO : OVERNIGHT ROLLOUT BEGINS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ORBITER ROLLS OVER TO THE VAB HI -DEF
SUBSCRIBE NOW
March 24 , 2010
LAST SUNDAY night around 10 p.m. , I was finishing up the next day 's edition of SocialistWorker.org when my e-mail inbox started filling up like a casino slot machine finally paying off .
The subject lines all had the same theme : " Historic legislation ... "
" Monumental effort ... "
" Accomplishment on a scale with Social Security ... "
" Salute this landmark achievement ... "
The House had finally voted in favor of health care legislation , passed by the Senate and supported by the White House , and now liberal organizations were celebrating a long - delayed triumph on the issue that dominated the first year of the Obama presidency .
Every pro-Democratic and progressive list - serve I 'm on came alive .
Ding - ding - ding - ding - ding - ding !
Barack Obama e-mailed to thank me for my tireless efforts and for not listening to the people who said it could n't be done .
His adviser David Plouffe even invited me to co-sign " this historic legislation . "
On the BarackObama.com Web site , though - - not actually in the East Room of the White House .
Barack Obama signs health care legislation in front of Democratic lawmakers in the East Room of the White House ( Lawrence Jackson )
The enthusiasm extended beyond elected officials .
" The health care reform bill passed by Congress and signed into law today by President Barack Obama is progressive reform at its finest -- conceptually farsighted in design and pragmatically far reaching in scope , " wrote John Podesta of the liberal Center for American Progress .
Also weighing in were groups and figures who previously had criticized the legislation -- people who protested the exclusion of voices advocating single - payer health care from the discussion ; who warned that a bill without at least a strong " public option " for the uninsured was a disaster in the making ; who opposed the so - called " Cadillac tax " on employer - provided insurance plans with halfway decent coverage .
One surprise came from Michael Moore , director of the excellent documentary Sicko about the health care crisis in the U.S. and a bitter opponent of both Republican smears of reform and Democratic concessions to the health care industry .
Moore 's initial statement was couched as an " open letter to Republicans , " which allowed him to make fun of the fanatical right - wingers who opposed every proposal for health care reform as a communist plot .
Moore did say that he was " going to get busy trying to improve upon this bill so that all Americans are covered . "
But mostly , he emphasized all the good the legislation would do .
Instead of focusing on the Democrats ' concessions , he called on " my Republican friends " to " be happy for your country .
We 're doing better . "
On Wednesday , though , Moore delivered a much tougher assessment of the legislation in an interview with Democracy Now ! :
This bill was never about universal health care .
It did a couple of good things that could have been done any time , I guess -- like ending the pre-existing condition rule for children .
It does n't end it for adults for four years , so you can rack up another 20,000 to 40,000 deaths in the meantime from people who otherwise would have received help had we truly gotten rid of pre-existing conditions for all citizens ...
The larger picture here is that the private insurance companies are still the ones in charge .
They 're still going to call the shots .
And if anything , they 've just been given another big handout by the government by guaranteeing customers .
THE DEMOCRACY
Now !
Moore got it right .
As leading members of Physicians for a National Health Program ( PNHP ) wrote in a damning indictment of the legislation :
Instead of eliminating the root of the problem -- the profit - driven , private health insurance industry -- this costly new legislation will enrich and further entrench these firms .
The bill would require millions of Americans to buy private insurers ' defective products , and turn over to them vast amounts of public money .
The hype surrounding the new health bill is belied by the facts :
About 23 million people will remain uninsured nine years out .
That figure translates into an estimated 23,000 unnecessary deaths annually and an incalculable toll of suffering .
Millions of middle - income people will be pressured to buy commercial health insurance policies costing up to 9.5 percent of their income , but covering an average of only 70 percent of their medical expenses , potentially leaving them vulnerable to financial ruin if they become seriously ill .
Many will find such policies too expensive to afford or , if they do buy them , too expensive to use because of the high co-pays and deductibles .
Insurance firms will be handed at least $ 447 billion in taxpayer money to subsidize the purchase of their shoddy products .
This money will enhance their financial and political power , and with it , their ability to block future reform .
The bill will drain about $ 40 billion from Medicare payments to safety - net hospitals , threatening the care of the tens of millions who will remain uninsured .
People with employer - based coverage will be locked into their plan 's limited network of providers , face ever - rising costs and erosion of their health benefits .
Many , even most , will eventually face steep taxes on their benefits as the cost of insurance grows .
Health care costs will continue to skyrocket , as the experience with the Massachusetts plan ( after which this bill is patterned ) amply demonstrates .
The much - vaunted insurance regulations -- e.g. , ending denials on the basis of pre-existing conditions -- are riddled with loopholes , thanks to the central role that insurers played in crafting the legislation .
Older people can be charged up to three times more than their younger counterparts , and large companies with a predominantly female workforce can be charged higher gender - based rates at least until 2017 .
Women 's reproductive rights will be further eroded , thanks to the burdensome segregation of insurance funds for abortion and for all other medical services .
IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE why many people would look for reasons to celebrate the passage of health care legislation .
For one thing , the Republicans finally did n't get their way on something in Congress .
That 's become a rare event , especially on the health care issue , even though the Democrats have the biggest majority for either party in both houses in a generation .
The gathering of tea party fanatics outside the Capitol that spewed racial and anti-gay slurs at Democrats like former civil rights leader John Lewis and openly gay congressman Barney Frank exposed the ugly reason that the right wing opposed the health care legislation : racism and bigotry .
So the Republicans lost .
But the problem is that the Democrats won-- and in this case , that means the passage of a piece of legislation that will do more harm than good for most people in the U.S .
If you followed the media coverage about health care in the last few days , you 've heard one person after another point out that some 30 million people will be covered by health insurance as a result of this law .
That sounds like a step forward , but the real question is how much they 'll have to pay , and what they 'll get for their money .
There 's nothing to guarantee that the insurance they 'll have to obtain will be affordable or adequate .
America 's health care crisis is n't limited to the fact that 50 million people have no insurance in the U.S. -- as appalling as that is in the richest country in the world .
The other side of the crisis is that tens of millions more people are covered by insurance that does them little good if they actually get sick or suffer an injury .
If you saw Michael Moore 's Sicko , you 'll remember the startling fact about the health care horror stories portrayed in the film :
Every one of the victims had insurance , at least when they got sick or injured .
Now , under the law signed by Barack Obama , millions more people will be forced -- under the threat of an annual penalty of $ 750 - - to buy what PNHP leaders rightly call the " private insurers ' defective products . "
The legislation does provide for subsidies to help the poor get insurance .
But to pay for the subsidies , the legislation requires cuts in spending and benefits in the Medicare program for the elderly -- and a new tax on employer - based health insurance plans that provide decent benefits .
The bill will do nothing to reverse the downward pressure on whatever decent health insurance plans people still have today , as employers continue to shift costs to workers .
The shoddy policies that insurance companies will peddle to the uninsured will lower the standards for everyone .
In short , while it may take some years to become clear , Obama 's " reform " law signals a new era of rationing for health care .
What a twisted outcome to the opportunity that greeted Barack Obama and the Democrats a year ago -- massive public sentiment in favor of transforming the dysfunctional health care system .
Another effect that will play out in the years to come is the discrediting of proposals for reform .
Just in the past few months , Republicans were able to portray the health care legislation as " big government " run amok by exploiting legitimate disgust with the backroom deals used to bribe Democratic holdouts .
Imagine what the GOP will do when ordinary people are forced by the federal government to spend hard - earned money on insurance policies that are worse than useless .
People will continue to hate the insurance company parasites -- but they 'll also despise even more a political system where the interests of corporations come before everything else .
Even the small steps forward in the health care legislation are mixed -- the new regulations on the insurance company practices are outweighed by provisions that give the medical - pharmaceutical - insurance complex more power than ever over the fate of ordinary people .
These facts have to be stated outright .
On Democracy Now !
Michael Moore said that progressives were " too afraid of going too far .
But frankly , if not us , who ?
If we do n't stand up against this , if we do n't say this is wrong , if we do n't speak out against it -- then who 's going to do it ? "
The need for real health care reform -- to remove the drive for profit at the heart of the crisis -- will only grow more urgent as the Democrats ' legislation takes effect over the coming years .
The job of organizing for an alternative will be best served by being clear about Barack Obama 's " historic achievement " - - it 's not a cause for celebration .
Detective Eliezer Gonzalez , 48 , was indicted yesterday on 34 counts of mail fraud for allegedly falsifying the extent of injuries from a September , 2007 on - the - job accident .
In an indictment announced by the FBI and Boston Police , prosecutors charge Gonzalez " greatly exaggerated and falsified both his injuries and ongoing physical issues and that he fraudulently collected both injured leave pay from the City of Boston as well as supplemental insurance benefits . "
In 2005 , Gonzalez won the Massachusetts Top Cop award from the National Association of Police Organizations for rescuing a kidnapped infant .
Officials say they have videotape of Gonzalez " walking normally " before and after required medical exams at Boston Police headquarters - at which he showd up " walking slowly with the assistance of a cane and accompanied by associates who assisted him during those appointments . "
And , the indictment charges , several days after a 2008 exam , Gonzalez " traveled to Vietnam , toured Ho Chi Minh City , socialized with friends , and participated in various strenuous tourist activities in an unimpaired fashion and without the aid of a cane , and included videotaping himself riding on the back of a moped weaving through a crowded street . "
Gonzalez faces up to 20 years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 34 counts .
Innocent , etc .
Whether it's an obnoxious couple having a screaming match at three in the morning or some old guy that stinks up the entire apartment building with Ben Gay and curry , the archetypal asshole next door can make our lives miserable with an array of time tested dick moves .
However , you have never truly felt the black flames of the Neighborhood Inferno until you 've lived in close proximity to one of these balls of skullduggery .
Everyone has at least one horror story about some douchebag neighbor , and if you do n't it might mean you were the douchebag .
7 Michael Carroll - The Racetrack Neighbor
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Everybody probably has at least one person living in their neighborhood that spends every waking moment in their driveway loudly perfecting the performance exhaust on an old Mustang GT while listening to Whitesnakeat an unreasonable volume ( note : any volume louder than " off " is unreasonable for Whitesnake ) .
Michael Carroll in Norfolk , UK , upped the ante by building an entire demolition racetrack in his yard .
Judging by this photo , Whitesnake was probably involved .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Carroll was the perfect storm of bad neighbor - - a 20 - year - old convicted criminal who won over $ 14 million in the lottery .
Rather than putting the money away in the bank , Carroll invested his money into a Norfolk estate , which he promptly turned into a 24 - hour manslaughter - scale bumper car ride .
The dust and noise generated by his gearhead boner monument were so bad that the family next door had to start living in their bedroom , the last somewhat - quiet place in the entire house .
Imagine if instead of worrying about dodging piles of crap your neighbor 's dog left on your lawn , you had to dodge old Thunderbirds with hastily applied custom graphics rocketing through the air at 70 miles - per -hour .
Evolutionism Propaganda Article by Dr. Richard Paley
The subject of Evolutionism 's use of propaganda to spread its false doctrines is a broad one that would require many pages to deal with in full .
That they resort to propaganda is just evidence that they have no honest arguments in favor of their position .
The paucity of pro-Evolutionistic arguments has been widely documented and I wo n't go into it here .
What I would like to discuss are some prominent and current instances of Evolutionism propaganda :
The PBS 's series Evolution , the use of subliminal Evolutionism , and Evolutionism 's place in the computing industry .
PBS's " Evolution " :
PBS ( supposedly the " Public Broadcasting System " although one has to wonder which public they serve with all the anti-Christian junk they put on ) is currently airing a new series called simply Evolution .
This series ( running for eight nights , at two hours a night ) is nothing but a commercial for Secular Humanistic pseudo - science .
Darwin questions
God 's existence from the bowels of the Beagle ...
... while above deck , Capt .
Fitzroy is mockingly portrayed reading the Bible aloud to the crew .
Darwin questions
God 's existence from the bowels of the ...... while above deck , Capt .
Fitzroy is mockingly portrayed reading the Bible aloud to the crew .
Thus far , the first episode ( called " Darwin's Dangerous Idea " -- at least they are honest in the title ) was a melodramatization of Charles Darwin 's life .
Darwin is portrayed as a sympathetic character who is attacked by ignorant Christians for his " revolutionary thought " which he is shown likening to " confessing a murder " ( again , another slip of honesty ) .
All those who historically questioned and pointed out flaws in Darwin 's ideas are portrayed as villains : Richard Owen , Bishop Samuel Wilberforce , Captain Robert Fitzroy of the H.M.S. Beagle -- all are made into unrecognizable cartoons whose only purpose is to act as foils for the noble Darwin and his crusade against Christianity .
Even
God himself is turned into a villain ; at one point in the episode they had the audacity to blame Him for killing Darwin 's daughter !
Interspersed with the costume drama were talking heads explaining to us why Evolutionism is the One True Way .
These included some doctors and biologists -- one of whom openly expressed the religious nature of his belief in Evolutionism -- whose names I can't remember as they were unnotable persons in the scientific community .
Daniel Dennett , a philosopher who wrote a polemic also called Darwin's Dangerous Idea , was on hand to tell us in no uncertain terms that Darwin 's ideas excluded the need for God .
Needless to say Stephen Jay Gould made an appearance , although he did thankfully refrain from talking about baseball this time .
The episode also included " real life examples " of Evolutionism to try and convince us that it is a real science .
One of these was -- and I am not making this up -- a primatologist who taught some chimpanzees to " count " .
Supposedly this proves that we are a monkey 's uncle .
Another example used was AIDS .
They argued that AIDS is constantly evolving and if it were n't for Darwin we would n't understand why and thus would be helpless in treating the disease ( they conveniently neglect to point out that Darwinistic propaganda equating us with animals might have helped to spread the disease in the first place ) .
This is a common false argument made by Evolutionists ; the random variations of AIDS is not the same as the transmutation of species that Darwin wrote about and that is the basis of Secular Humanism .
All those little changes aside , AIDS is still AIDS .
Show us AIDS evolving into a cat -- which is essentially the Evolutionistic position of common ancestry for all lifeforms -- and then you 'll have something worth noting .
Remember , this was all in only the first episode !
We still have seven more to go -- or fourteen more hours of this ( PBS does n't even allow us commercial breaks to help us regain our sanity ! ) .
One can only imagine what other nonsense will be presented in the rest of this propaganda tour de force .
But you can be certain that I for one wo n't be sporting a PBS tote bag any time soon .
ADDENDUM ( 9/7/2002 ) : The Discovery Institute has a more thorough debunking of PBS 's Evolution , complete with viewers guide .
See also on the True Origins site the articles " PBS's ' Evolution ' Series is Propaganda , not Science " which exposes the propagnadistic nature of the series and " Fatuous Filmmaking " by noted Creation researcher Michael Behe .
Subliminal Propaganda :
Chained to Evolutionism : Pokemon 's pro-Darwinism propaganda is inescapable Chained to Evolutionism : Pokemon 's pro-Darwinism propaganda is inescapable
Besides the direct assault on reason and faith that the PBS series represents , Evolutionism propagandists often times try to sneak their false doctrine into popular culture via oblique references whose constant reiteration is designed to inculcate acceptance of their unacceptable message .
As noted German Evolutionist Joseph Goebbels was fond of saying , if you repeat a lie often enough , people will start to believe it .
Ardent Atheistic Darwinist Richard Dawkins even wrote a book1 about how to spread ideology as a type of " biological weapon " using jingles and pop-culture .
Some of the most popular vehicles for this subliminal propaganda are children 's television shows , books , and toys .
By getting their ideas into the minds of the young , they hope to be able to do the most damage to traditional values and belief .
Shows like Pokemon , which features animals " evolving " into new forms , and popular movies like Jurassic Park and X - Men provide a continuous cultural fog of Evolutionism that is impossible for innocent children to escape from .
Apple Macintosh :
Hypnotically encased iMacs trick unsuspecting computer users into accepting Darwinism Hypnotically encased iMacs trick unsuspecting computer users into accepting Darwinism
However , these propagandists are n't just targeting the young .
Take for example Apple Computers , makers of the popular Macintosh line of computers .
The real operating system hiding under the newest version of the Macintosh operating system ( MacOS X ) is called ...
Darwin !
That 's right , new Macs are based on Darwinism !
While they currently do n't advertise this fact to consumers , it is well known among the computer elite , who are mostly Atheists and Pagans .
Furthermore , the Darwin OS is released under an " Open Source " license , which is just another name for Communism .
They try to hide all of this under a facade of shiny , " lickable " buttons , but the truth has finally come out : Apple Computers promote Godless Darwinism and Communism .
But is this really such a shock ?
Lets look for a moment at Apple Computers .
Founded by long haired hippies , this company has consistently supported 60's counter - cultural " values " 2 .
But there are even darker undertones to this company than most are aware of .
Consider the name of the company and its logo : an apple with a bite taken out of it .
This is clearly a reference to the Fall , when Adam and Eve were tempted with an apple3 by the serpent .
It is now Apple Computers offering us temptation , thereby aligning themselves with the forces of darkness4 .
This company is well known for its cult - like following .
It is n't much of a stretch to say that it is a cult .
Consider co-founder and leader Steve Jobs ' constant exhortation through advertising ( i.e. mind control ) that its followers should " think different " .
We have to ask ourselves : " think different from whom or what ? "
The disturbing answer is that they want us to think different than our Christian upbringing , to reject all the values that we have been taught and to heed not the message of the Lord Jesus Christ !
Given the now obvious anti-Christian and cultish nature of Apple Computers , is it any wonder that they have decided to base their newest operating system on Darwinism ?
This just reaffirms the position that Darwinism is an inherently anti-Christian philosophy spread through propaganda and subliminal trickery , not a science as its brainwashed followers would have us believe .
A Satanic , unevolvable chimera compels you to submit to Darwinism !
A Satanic , unevolvable chimera compels you to submit to Darwinism !
ADDENDUM : It has been brought to my attention that the Darwin OS mentioned above now has a cartoon mascot ( no doubt to influence children ) named Hexley ( pictured above ) -- a platypus dressed as a devil who performs occult magic , i.e. hexes .
They 're not doing a very good job keeping their ties to the forces of darkness a secret , are they ?
ADDENDUM II ( 4/20/2002 ) : A reader has also brought to my attention that the aforementioned Atheist and anti-Christian Evolutionist Richard Dawkins [ ADDENDUM ( 7/27/2003 ) : I have since added a special page on Dr. Dawkins and his activities ] -- who likes to compare religion to a virus -- has used Apple 's Macintosh computers since they were introduced .
In fact , his infamous anti-Creation polemic The Blind Watchmaker relied heavily on an argument based on software that he wrote using a Mac .
He purported to have proved Evolutionism by making his Macintosh draw little squiggles -- or " biomorphs " as he called them -- that changed over " generations " .
( This of course begs the question : if it took a created machine running created software to make these squiggles , how then does that refute Creation ? )
Illustration of Macintosh generated " biomorphs " from The Blind Watchmaker .
Here Dawkins shows us how to turn a cross into a swastika using Evolutionism .
Illustration of Macintosh generated " biomorphs " from The Blind Watchmaker .
Here Dawkins shows us how to turn a cross into a swastika using Evolutionism .
While I initially suspected that the Apple connection here was mere coincidence , I dug deeper into the issue -- luckily , we at Fellowship Baptist have an extensive research library that also includes a representative collection of anti-Christian hate literature which we use for just this sort of investigation -- and was shocked at what I found .
In the 1996 edition of his book , Dawkins includes two appendices detailing his little program .
The first ( included in the original 1986 edition ) is entitled " Blind Watchmaker : An Application for the Apple Macintosh Computer " .
The first illustration on the same page as the title shows a Mac window ( similar to the Explorer windows seen in Microsoft 's OS ) and the rest of the appendix includes many screen shots from a Mac , a number of them even featuring the bitten apple logo .
It gets even more perverse in the second appendix ( added material from 1991 ) entitled " Computer Programs and ' the Evolution of Evolvability ' " ( infinite recursion like this is a sure sign of a flaw in a theory ) .
Here he shows how he " evolved " the " inspired artefact with which all this work was done " ... the word " Macintosh " !
Illustration from the 1996 edition of The Blind Watchmaker .
Illustration from the 1996 edition of The Blind Watchmaker .
At the end of the appendix he even encourages the reader to switch from IBM compatible computers to Macintoshes , saying that " you can exult in something of the feeling of liberation that may have attended evolution 's great watershed events . "
What a ringing endorsement for Apple computers that is !
As you can see , The problem is much worse than we had originally thought as Apple has been aiding and abetting ardent Evolutionists like Dawkins since at least the mid 1980's .
ADDENDUM III ( 4/20/2002 ) : Another reader ( it has been busy today ! ) has informed me of another link between Apple and the forces of darkness that my initial research missed .
Apparently the Darwin OS is not the original creation of Apple Computers but is instead based off of an older , obsolete OS called " BSD Unix " .
The child - indoctrinatingly - cute cartoon mascot of this OS is a devil holding a pitchfork ( pictured right ) .
This OS -- and its Darwin offspring -- extensively use what are called " daemons " ( which is how Pagans write " demon " -- they are notoriously poor spellers : magick , vampyre , etc. ) which is a program that hides in the background , doing things without the user 's notice .
If you are using a new Macintosh running OS X then you probably have these " daemons " on your computer , hardly something a good Christian would want !
This clearly illustrates that not only is Macintosh based on Darwinism , but Darwinism is based on Satanism .
ADDENDUM IV ( 4/21/2002 ) : Apparently anti-Christian zealots -- as well as shocked Christians who have unwittingly become Mac owners -- are linking to this article , which explains the large number of emails we have received on this topic .
More clues have come in showing the dark nature of Apple Computers .
According to one of our readers , the new MacOS X contains another Satanic holdover from the " BSD Unix " OS mentioned above ; to open up certain locked files one has to run a program much like the DOS prompt in Microsoft Windows and type in a secret code : " chmod 666 " .
What other horrors lurk in this thing ?
ADDENDUM V ( 4/29/2002 ) :
It appears we have entered a terrible new phase in the Evolutionism propaganda campaign that Apple Computers has been waging .
Apple has just announced the " eMac " , a Macintosh computer designed specifically to smuggle Darwinism into our schools !
According to their propagandistic sloganeering , the " e " in " eMac " ostensibly stands for " education " , although it should be obvious to readers by now that it 's really a cryptic tipping of the hat to their true agenda : " Evolutionism " .
However , this is n't the only thing hiding behind this choice of moniker ; according to my research , the name eMac is also a referrence to " Emacs " , a program that is a standard - bearer for the Communistic Open Source movement mentioned above and whose mascot is some sort of effeminate - looking , horned devil - man .
Is there no end to this tangled web of evil ?
" Daemon " Wright witnesses for evil .
" Daemon " Wright witnesses for evil .
ADDENDUM VI ( 8/29/2002 ) : I feel it is necessary to report here -- especially since this page continues to be referenced by those concerned about anti-Christian propaganda -- that Apple Computers ' desire to convert people to the religion of Evolutionism has become more overt in recent months with their " Switch " campaign .
This advertising blitz uses what they insist are " normal " people ( although I would n't call a beatnik writer or a rambling , dazed teen5 normal people , but I guess this is Apple 's hippy roots resurfacing , ) to try and convince people to Switch from being decent Christians to crypto-Evolutionists in some sort of bizarre perversion of Christian Witnessing .
( I personally have not seen any of these ads on the TV , but perhaps that is because the good folks at the PAX Network have made the wise decision to not air this cultural filth .
The ads can , however , be viewed in all their propagandistic glory on the Apple website for you students of cultic mind - control . )
Although called " Switch " , this campaign is actually " Bait and Switch " , luring the average , unsuspecting person with the false promise of " compatibility " ( both with normal computers and Christianity ) only to later foist acceptance of Evolutionism and anti-Christian values on them via the techniques discussed above .
One additional technique that I have noticed while perusing their new literature is the common cult tactic of indoctrination through a special insider language .
This technique linguistically isolates new recruits from the outside world , forcing them to become more dependent on their cult handlers6 .
For instance , an industry standard connection for peripherals is idiosyncratically retermed " FireWire " ( or should we just be honest and call it " HellFireWire " ? ) while the familiar Recycle Bin is given its new cult name of " Trash Can " .
Any " Switcher " trying to purchase equipment for their new computer or get assistance will be forced by this linguistic ghettoization into dealing with the only people that can understand the strange argot : brainwashed Macintosh users .
It is then that the process of unbuilding the " Mac Newbie " and reshaping him or her into an Evolutionist begins .
Footnotes :
Ons leven zal er door corona nog wel even anders uitzien .
We werken nog altijd meer van thuis uit , en ook ontspannen doen we vaker in ons eigen kot .
Daarom blijft
Telenet voor je klaar staan !
We voorzien je nog langer van extra vast internet , al zeker tot eind oktober .
Blijf voor jezelf én elkaar zorgen !
Talk about Israel to all but its most severe critics in America and whatever they say it 's likely to be underpinned by an assumption that the US is the Jewish state 's best friend .
Doubts may emerge about Gaza and settlements but any criticism is invariably wrapped in the assumption that the US has Israel 's interests , particularly its security , at heart .
It 's not surprising given that American politicians pledge their loyalty to the Jewish state over and over , and mean it .
They see things differently in Jerusalem .
In a country permeated by fear and insecurity , Israelis define the rest of the world not by loyalties but by varying degrees of distrust .
You can hear it among residents of Jewish settlements deep in the occupied territories and in the cafes of liberal Tel Aviv : angst over the perception of a new wave of antisemitism gripping Europe , the incomprehension over foreign condemnation of Israel 's crimes in Gaza , the common agreement that the United Nations is a conspiracy against the Jewish state .
In all of this , the US emerges as the least distrusted country by far ( Britain commands a much lower level of confidence ) .
Israelis recognise that they have long counted on Washington to pay a good chunk of their military budget and provide diplomatic cover for the illegalities of occupation .
But that is a far cry from trust , and what there was has been severely eroded since Barack Obama came to power as America catches up with the idea that Israeli government policies do not automatically equate with what is in Israel 's interests or the promotion of peace .
That distinction has finally burst forth with the crisis over settlement building in East Jerusalem , exposing how far American political thinking has already shifted and the depth of Israel 's prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's failure to understand it .
To the alarm of some Israeli leaders , what they regarded as a minor diplomatic blunder in announcing yet more ethnically exclusive housing in East Jerusalem has resulted not only in unusually forceful criticism from Washington , but the disturbing and unprecedented assertion by the White House that Israeli policies are jeopardising American interests and even endangering the lives of US soldier fighting in the Middle East .
In days , the Israeli government has seen itself repositioned from valuable US ally in the war on terror to where it really belongs – as the primary obstacle to peace .
It was always striking to watch the smugness with which Israeli politicians sold Americans the idea that the only issue in considering the conflict with the Palestinians was what Ariel Sharon called , with deeply rolling Rs , the " tehrroar " .
The ever - expanding Jewish settlements , the annexing of land , expulsion of Palestinians , the killings of Arab children , the crimes of occupation , were discarded as an irrelevance .
No one in George Bush 's White House cared to challenge Sharon on that .
In Israel , ordinary people almost seemed programmed to repeat the wearying mantra that all the Jewish state ever wanted was peace but that all it ever got in return was blood and killing .
That was a comfortable position for Israelis who , all too understandably at the height of the suicide bombings , found it difficult to reflect on why Palestinians might be blowing themselves up .
But the myth of the relentless search for peace was important to the efforts of Sharon and Netanyahu to ensure that Americans did not call them on policies that deliberately or not – mostly deliberately – sabotaged its ever - diminishing prospects .
Nowhere was this more clear than over the ever growing settlements .
Israel 's apologists would have the world believe that the construction of homes solely for Jews in the occupied territories had no impact on the peace process and that the issue would be resolved in final status talks .
But settlement construction is a litmus test of Israeli government intent because it is constantly changing the picture on the ground .
The number of Jewish settlers in the West Bank has more doubled since the Oslo peace accords were signed in 1993 .
How is it possible to see that as anything but an attempt to preempt an agreement on Palestine 's borders ?
Watching Israel 's barrier carve its way through Arab neighbourhoods of Jerusalem and the West Bank , its real intent was all too evident .
The clues lay in the twists and turns that separated Palestinian villages from land then delivered up to Jewish settlers .
As the barrier went up , there was barely a peep of protest from Washington .
But the ground has also shifted in America .
The unconditional support for the Jewish state has been eroding in critical areas .
Nowhere is that clearer than among American Jews , many of whom stayed quiet for so long out of loyalty to the country of Israel and Zionism , even as they grew increasingly disturbed at what was being done in their name by the militarists in Jerusalem .
In Washington , a group of Jews broke the taboo against criticising Israeli policy and launched J Street , an organisation that believes Israel 's security lies in a just peace with the Palestinians .
Founded by Jeremy Ben - Ami , a former domestic policy adviser to Bill Clinton with Israeli parents , it drew the backing of an array of community leaders , activists and academics .
It reflects the doubts held by a significant proportion of American Jews about Jerusalem 's militarist policies and , in particular , the deep - rooted obsession with settlements .
Those doubts were heard and shared in the White House .
The government in Jerusalem has been slow to grasp the significance of J Street because for so long many American Jews declined to voice their doubts out of loyalty .
Buoyed by the certainty that it was irrelevant , Netanyahu dismissed the group as anti-Israeli and his foreign ministry snubbed a delegation of visiting members of the US congress sponsored by the Jewish organisation .
It was a mistake because it only confirmed in the minds of some in Congress and the administration that Israel will only move when pushed .
Recent events have confirmed that view as Netanyahu finally begins to understand the consequences of his mistake and climbs down , agreeing to a series of American demands aimed at kick - starting negotiations and putting the latest settlement plans on hold .
It 's a start , but Netanyahu is not a courageous leader nor an honest one .
He pays lip service to a peace agreement but , like Sharon , spent the 1990s sabotaging attempts to reach agreements with the Palestinians and denouncing Israeli leaders who sought peace as traitors or worse .
Netanyahu has still to commit himself to a genuinely independent Palestinian state .
He will not do the right thing for the right reason .
Some in the US administration are straining at the leash to finally take him on and show him the way after continual humiliation of the US president .
The question is whether Obama himself is now finally up for the fight .
Chris McGreal was the Guardian 's Middle East correspondent for much of the last decade .
He is now based in Washington .
Terminal Lance # 24 “ It ’s Worth It ”
This is actually a true story .
Well , I dunno if Bill actually did any maniacal laughing at the time , but this is based on true events much in the same way Hollywood makes movies “ based on true events . ”
In any case , I remember thinking to myself how strange it is , that our job is so miserable that people would literally rather have their teeth pulled out than participate in a field op .
Not only is the act real , but the person is usually commended for “ good timing . ”
Wisdom teeth are one of those things that are probably better pulled out while you ’re active duty and have that ever - so - popular “ free medical . ”
After all , they do get you out of work and if you ’re of the Oh - Three type , maybe even a field op .
While being completely miserable , I would be amiss to say that field ops have no lasting value to me .
The field is really where the heart of the Marine Corps is , where things make sense ( in a strange way ) and you do n’t have the outside world to worry about .
The field brings Marines closer–and it has nothing to do with any motto - bullshit about how we love our job .
It ’s the fact that we all hate it , actually , that makes the field a place of bonding .
As one of my seniors explained to me on my first deployment , Marines come closer together when they have the common enemy of the Marine Corps to bitch about .
Ironically , putting Marines through misery on a daily basis makes them much closer in the long run , whether anyone realizes it or not .
Strip a platoon or company of all of their material worries , and all they have left is each other .
Going back to the comic though ; before the recession hit America , getting Marines to join was a problem .
Recruitment was low and retention even lower , Marines were being offered bonuses of up to $ 90,000 to re-up–a hefty offer to say the least .
Maybe–now this is just a thought–retention would be easier to attain if Marines did n’t prefer having brutal oral surgery performed in preference to doing their job .
On a side note , I ’d like to ask a simple question :
Why is it that when someone of ridiculously high rank wants to talk to you , they never tell you if it ’s good or bad ?
It ’s easily the biggest mind - fuck for someone at the lowly rank of Lance Criminal .
Just saying .
The Mistral can carry troops , helicopters and armoured vehicles
France has agreed to sell Russia an advanced warship and is considering a request from Moscow for three others , French defence officials say .
It would be the first arms deal of its kind between Russia and a Nato member .
It remains unclear when or where the 23,000 - tonne Mistral class warship will be built .
The deal , which would increase Russia 's capacity to launch amphibious offensives , will alarm ex-Soviet states such as Georgia , analysts say .
Russia and Georgia fought a short war in August 2008 .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy had approved the sale of one Mistral , but Moscow naval officials had then asked for a further three ships , said Jacques de Lajugie of the French arms agency DGA .
The deal has not yet been signed .
With an estimated cost of up to 500 million euros , the Mistral is an assault ship that can carry troops , helicopters and armoured vehicles .
Russia has reportedly been keen to buy the 980ft ( 299 m ) ship from France to modernise an ageing armoury .
The prospect that the ship could be used against Nato members or their allies has raised concerns in some parts of the alliance .
A US official travelling with defence secretary Robert Gates to Paris on Monday said " we have questions " for France about the order .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Health insurance premiums have skyrocketed in recent years and a new government report says the increases are likely to continue , underscoring the need for reform .
In releasing the report Thursday , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius pointed to the recent announcement by Anthem Blue Cross of California that it plans to raise individual insurance premiums up to 39 percent -- a move that could affect nearly 800,000 customers -- as an example of excess .
In a speech Thursday , President Barack Obama referred to California 's pending rate hikes .
" It 's not just happening there , " he said .
" It 's happening in Kansas , it 's happening in Missouri , it 's happening in Maine .
You name it , across the country , it 's happening . "
According to the report , titled " Insurance Companies Prosper , Families Suffer : Our Broken Health Insurance System , " Anthem is not the only company raising rates .
" Over the last year , " Sebelius said , " America 's largest insurance companies have requested premium increases of 56 percent in Michigan , 24 percent in Connecticut , 23 percent in Maine , 20 percent in Oregon , and 16 percent in Rhode Island , to name just a few states .
" Premium increases have left thousands of families that are already struggling during the economic downturn with an unpleasant choice between fewer benefits , higher premiums , or having no insurance at all .
Hard - working families deserve better . "
While Obama did n't explicitly mention the report on Thursday , he invoked the specter of rising premiums to argue that Congress should continue pursuing health insurance reform .
" The reform before Congress ... would help prevent such hikes from happening , " Obama said , speaking in Denver , Colorado , at a rally for U.S. Sen.
Michael Bennet .
" And if we walk away from it , we know that premiums and out - of - pocket expenses will keep rising in this decade , just as they did in the last decade . "
" That 's why we 're not going to walk away from it , " he said later .
Both Maine and Connecticut rejected the premium increases requested in those states .
Sebelius said some states have the authority to take a hard line against rate increases and some do not .
In California , insurance companies do not need prior approval .
They can put a rate increase in place and then file it with the state insurance commissioner .
Sebelius contacted Anthem Blue Cross of California , asking them to publicly justify raising rates .
As a result , Anthem is delaying the rate hike for two months so that the Department of Insurance can review the request , but the company says it is in " full compliance with all requirements in the law . "
" Our decision to agree to postpone the rate adjustment does not change the underlying issue .
All health plans are in the same situation in trying to deal with the steadily increasing medical costs in the delivery system , which are not sustainable , " said Brian A. Sassi , president and chief executive officer of the Consumer Business Unit of WellPoint , Anthem 's parent company .
" We need to refocus the health care reform debate toward steps that will improve quality and control the underlying medical costs , which is driving the high cost of coverage . "
But Sebelius said WellPoint recorded more than $ 2.7 billion in profits last quarter -- one week before the announced rate increase .
In fact , she said , the five largest health insurance companies -- WellPoint , Cigna , Aetna , UnitedHealth group and Humana -- took in combined profits of more than $ 12 billion in 2009 , up 56 percent from 2008 .
She called those profits " wildly excessive . "
American 's Health Insurance Plans , a national association of insurance providers , says premiums are rising because of soaring medical costs and because young , healthy Americans are dropping coverage .
" Increases in the cost of coverage in the individual market shines a spotlight on the urgent need to reduce the growth of underlying medical costs and bring everyone into the system , " said Karen Ignagni , the association 's president and CEO .
" If reform does n't address these pieces , it will not solve the serious problems that individuals , families and employers face . "
Next week , President Obama will sit down with congressional leaders from both parties in an effort to hammer out differences and move health care reform forward .
Sebelius said the president intends to combine the best ideas of both the House and Senate bills into one proposal that will be posted on the Web prior to the February 25 meeting .
Rudolph W. Giuliani has taken a lot of heat since Friday , and it is n’t fair .
Of course he knows that George W. Bush was president when the hijacked planes hit the World Trade Center on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The former mayor suffered a bout of foot - in - mouth disease when he said during a television interview that “ we had no domestic attacks under Bush . ”
Could it be that Mr. 9/11 forgot about 9/11 ?
Not a chance .
In short order , Mr. Giuliani apologized for his lapse .
He said that he usually adds the words “ since Sept. 11 ” when describing America as having been attack - free on President Bush ’s watch .
Actually , even that statement is of dubious accuracy  unless one discounts post - 9/11 , Bush - in - the - White - House moments like the anthrax attacks , the airplane shoe bomber , the lethal assault on an El Al ticket counter in Los Angeles and , for that matter , the D.C. sniper shootings that killed 10 people and terrorized Washington and its environs .
But why quibble ?
The issue of the moment is whether Mr. Giuliani knew that Mr. Bush was president back in 2001 .
And he surely did .
How can we be so certain ?
Because Mr. Giuliani himself said so .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation might be expected to love the FCC's " Open Internet " push , but the group has one big concern with the rulemaking : the presence of " a loophole for copyright enforcement in its proposed regulations for network neutrality . "
The EFF has now submitted a petition to the FCC with 7,000 signatures , asking for the provisions to be stripped from the final rule .
" Before the ink is dry on net neutrality regulations , we already see corporate lobbyists and ' public decency ' advocates pushing for loopholes , " said EFF Civil Liberties Director Jennifer Granick .
" A loophole like this could swallow network neutrality , with ISPs claiming copyright enforcement as a pretext for all sorts of discriminatory behavior . "
At issue is the " reasonable network management " exception to net neutrality .
The FCC makes clear that network neutrality rules only apply to " lawful content , " and neutrality does not apply to the illegal transmission of copyrighted work .
Despite the EFF 's concern , this exception has been in place for years already .
In 2005 , when the FCC adopted its Internet policy statement , it also made clear that the statement applied only to lawful content .
It also included the same exception for " reasonable network management . "
It is true that big rightsholders have pushed especially hard this time around for broader exceptions ; they did get a hearing and a bit of language in the proposed rule , but so far have had no luck trying to get the FCC to " encourage " ISPs to start filtering material .
But the EFF just does n't see why ISP content filtering should be treated as " network management " at all .
" Because the proposed regulations by their terms do not protect ' unlawful content , ' there is no need for an exception to permit ISPs to block such content , " says its filing .
" Any copyright enforcement exception to the six principles simply serves to excuse ISPs from using undisclosed , overbroad techniques that interfere with lawful activities , as long as they claim they were attempting to restrict unlawful ones . "
Last.fm takes the privacy of its users very seriously and towards the end of the month we will be introducing changes to how we handle your personal information .
More details about this will be posted nearer the time .
One change is that we are going to have to remove all legacy pages of the old Last.fm as these pages are read - only snapshots ( like cached pages on Google or the Wayback Machine ) and are no longer wired to the main user database .
While we had always planned to decommission these pages eventually , we had hoped to keep them online until a suitable replacement had been built .
Unfortunately , that is no longer possible , with some exceptions outlined below :
Journals
Past journal entries have been ported over to the new site , with bbcode formatting - you can find yours here .
However , shoutbox comments cannot be preserved .
The Last.fm API documentation
The Last .fm API docs have been ported to a new format and can be found here : https://www.last.fm/api
Groups and Forums
Unfortunately , the old Last .fm groups and forums are no longer accessible .
However , there is a growing Last. fm fan community on Reddit and Discord .
For details , please see :
Are there any social communities based around Last . fm I can participate in ?
Playlists
Playlists have been restored and can be found here : https://www.last.fm/user/_/playlists
Miscellaneous pages :
Label pages , venue pages , and Build are no longer accessible .
We apologise for any inconvenience caused by these changes .
There are more applications available on Facebook every day .
People , gamers or not , are playing Farmville or City of Eternals during class , at work , and at home .
This vast audience has made Facebook a platform the Big Guys believe is worthy of investment .
The past year has seen companies like Namco Bandai , Ubisoft , and Electronic Arts devoting various resources to the social networking site .
Of course , most companies have fan pages on Facebook — allowing them to keep in touch with gamers about new releases — but several developers and publishers are taking their commitment one step further and creating divisions solely devoted to the social networking behemoth .
Getting involved in different ways
The biggest investment , of course , seems to have come from EA .
The publisher got a lot of attention last year when it acquired social network game developer Playfish .
EA was willing to spend almost $ 300 million ( and possibly pay another $ 100 million if performance milestones were met ) on games for Facebook and MySpace ; but the news was dampened when it was revealed that the company was willing to cut approximately 1,500 jobs from other departments to do so .
While Playfish was the force behind popular title Pet Society , EA has n't had much to show for its sizable expenditure yet .
That said , it was recently revealed that the company has plans to create a Facebook - friendly version of its Madden football games .
Meanwhile , Namco Bandai has taken an approach that has a lot of appeal for both the company and its consumers .
The publisher has published free - to - play demos of several classic games on Facebook ; gamers can then purchase copies of the titles and have them downloaded to their phones via the site .
It 's a unique plan , but one that took a fair amount of work to accomplish .
Creating such a setup was n't too hard for devices like the Droid and iPhone , but making it compatible with non-smartphones was a bit of a challenge .
" There was no actual assistance from Facebook in the development of our solution for the feature phones , " said Rob Schoeppe , senior director of production and deployment at Namco .
" So there were some technical hurdles we had to overcome to get it to actually work on those devices .
There was a little bit of work and a bit of difficulty , but ultimately we feel we were able to provide a great user experience . "
Of course , this is n't Namco 's only plan for Facebook .
Schoeppe confirmed that the company will use the site for tie - in apps with future game releases , but could n't comment on specific plans for that or new IP that the Namco wants to launch .
Ubisoft , meanwhile , is quietly beginning the process of establishing its presence with Facebook .
Over the summer , the publisher unveiled TickTock , a trivia game that quizzes users on friends ' status updates .
Ubi is taking things slowly because it plans to create quality games and tie-ins in the future .
According to Ubisoft producer Omar Abdelwahed , the company does n't want to pump out Facebook apps until they manage to score a hit .
" We measure success in our quality of games , " he said in an interview with Ars .
" We do n't have our Farmville ... we 're not doing the typical model of social games ; we 're interested in which mechanics will make really awesome games that we can translate to our core brands . "
An attractive market
It is n't surprising that so many companies are getting involved with Facebook .
The site 's population of close to 400 million users is certainly a powerful motive to start creating content that 's compatible with the website .
" You can't ignore the hundreds of millions on facebook , " Abdelwahed observed when he was asked about why the site appeals to publishers .
Facebook definitely has a much larger user base than game companies even dreamed of accessing in the past .
Case in point : the newly - released Facebook MMORPG City of Eternals , which launched last week , had roughly 40,000 players participating in its private alpha build before the game officially went live .
Ohai 's vampire - themed MMO — which is admittedly a great deal of fun — allows players to engage in a fast - paced action story involving a civil war amidst a number of undead houses .
For those of us who see no appeal in strategy games like Farmville of Mafia Wars , it 's a welcome alternative that plays like a cross between Diablo and World of Warcraft .
The game was built over the past year , and seems like a great demonstration of just how versatile titles can be when implemented on Facebook .
Ohai's CEO , Susan
Wu , explained that the company plans to put out multiple MMOs each year , and Facebook is an ideal platform for such a business plan because games on the site can implement all of a user 's account information and wo n't force them to spend hours figuring out how they want to make their characters look and play .
However ,
Wu admitted that — in spite of what a fan she is of using the site to house games like City of Eternals — it can be challenging to create an application that is exclusive for Facebook .
This is mainly due to the constant updates made to the website .
" You never know what 's going to change and how it 's going to affect your game .
You 're almost captive to Facebook 's rules and regulations , " she explained .
" The basic issue is that with using their system , there 's an inherent amount of volatility that makes it difficult to figure out what your [ development road map ] looks like with great certainty . "
Where 's the profit when the product is free ?
How does one turn a profit when there is n't a physical product to sell ?
For Namco , the answer is obvious : Facebook serves as a demo center that allows gamers to try , and then buy , the mobile versions of some of the company 's best - known games .
Ubisoft , meanwhile , plans to use microtransactions to fund its Facebook presence .
" We 're interested in microtransactions on virtual goods , " said Abdelwahed .
" If you look at any of the research out there , virtual goods are the path to a good revenue model .
That said , this has to come after a really great game .
We 're gonna do a high - quality game first . "
Electronic Arts , meanwhile , has yet to reveal an official plan for upcoming games / applications or revenue generation , but it seems safe to assume that the publisher will follow a similar path as Ubisoft .
Ultimately , though , Facebook is providing game companies with a unique opportunity to connect with a vast audience of users that they might never have had access to before .
Whether or not putting out casual games on the site will prove profitable enough for long - term implementation remains to be seen .
However , the immediate appeal is that Facebook allows publishers " to reach people who were previously unattainable , " according to Schoeppe .
" It 's wide open for us , to tap into everyone . "
Sony Santa Monica ’s director of technology Christer Ericson says that God of War III will not require any install to run at its best on your Playstation 3 .
For many , buying a Playstation 3 comes down to when the perfect game comes along that makes the price point worthwhile .
Some bought one for Metal Gear Solid 4 and some are waiting for Final Fantasy XIII , but there are some 800 K fans who purchased GOW2 that may be saving their money for March 16th , the release date for God of War III .
Those fans can rest a little easier knowing that they wo n’t have to worry about any install on their newly purchased PS3s .
For money purposes , this means that those who plan to buy a PS3 in anticipation for GOW3 can buy the 20 GB Slim and not fork over the extra $ 100 for a bigger hard drive .
God of War III will only require 5 mb of space for its save files .
God of War III will be hitting stores on March 16th , 2010 and has been rated M by the ESRB .
Struggling Towns Begin Printing Their Own Cash By Pat Shannan
In an echo of the Great Depression , local currencies with their own special flavors are popping up all over in attempts to give commerce and communities a lift .
Last year , two Detroit businessmen were bemoaning the local economy — no one in the city had cash , and when they did , they spent it in the suburbs .
Then the pair hit on a solution : Print their own money .
Thus was born the “ Detroit Cheer , ” a local scrip accepted by a handful of city businesses , including a pizzeria , an electrician , a few local pubs and a doggy day care center .
Residents can also exchange it at a few area bars for greenbacks , but the cheer is vastly more colorful .
It features a chiseled Greco - Roman superhero ( the Spirit of Detroit ) towering Godzilla - like over the city skyline , cupping a tiny family in one hand and a sunburst representing God in the other .
Detroit is n’t the only city sporting its own currency .
Since the market bottomed nearly 18 months ago , there ’s been an interest in local scrips not seen since the 1930s Great Depression .
Law professor Lewis Solomon states in his book , Rethinking Our Centralized Monetary System , that there is no legal prohibition to creating a local currency system in the United States .
The IRS , FBI , Secret Service , Federal Reserve and Treasury Department have all declared the printing and use of local currencies to be legal .
Residents in tiny North Fork , Calif. , just launched the North Fork Share and folks in Piedmont , N.C. , spend the newly issued the “ plenty , ” a currency depicting colorful local flora and fauna .
Brooklyn , N.Y. , is preparing to launch the “ torch , ” while South Bend , Ind. , is set to print Michiana Community Currency that will be commonly known as “ MACs . ”
Susan Witt , the executive director of the E.F.
Schumacher Society ,
In most cases , these communities are simply looking to boost local commerce .
The currency has to be spent in town , obviously , because it ’s worthless anywhere else .
But a growing distrust of the U.S. dollar is also at work .
When the Treasury floats billions of bonds to get money to bail out banks and automakers , people look for alternatives .
“ These folks may look nutty now , ” says one advocate of the alternative systems , “ but wait until the dollar goes the way of the Argentine peso .
Then you ’ll gladly exchange your wheelbarrow of cash for a handful of our local currency . ”
Towns often find the scrip flowing to the local food co-op , which soon complains that suppliers wo n’t take it .
Until Piedmont ’s “ Plenty ” was reissued with the backing of U.S. dollars , it was kept alive mainly by the local biodiesel seller , who used it to pay his interns .
There have been a few successes , though .
The western Massachusetts “ Berkshare ” is accepted by an estimated 400 businesses and has circulated to the tune of $ 2.5 million — not bad for a region with 20,000 residents .
The “ Hours ” currency , issued in Ithaca , N.Y. , has been so entrenched for years that the local transit system is planning to accept it .
Still , University of Southern Maine sociologist Ed Collum says his study of 82 local currencies revealed a disheartening 20 percent survival rate .
Another system that has been around for decades is the barter organizations that use “ trade dollars ” to balance an uneven trade of goods and services .
For example should Joe trade his motorcycle for Sam ’s car worth $ 1,000 more , a deposit of 1,000 barter ( or trade ) dollars would have to transfer from Joe ’s barter account to Sam ’s , in order to balance the deal .
The bottom line is that people see the inevitable happening and are looking for their own solutions rather than depending on government .
Pat Shannan is the assistant editor of American Free Press .
He is also the author of several videos and books including One in a Million : An IRS Travesty and I Rode With Tupper , detailing Shannan ’s experiences with Tupper Saussy when the American dissident was on the run in the 1980s .
Both are available from FIRST AMENDMENT BOOKS for $ 25 each .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 9 , March 1 , 2010 )
There is nothing more grating than having a journalist toss around numbers showing no understanding of conditional probability ( actually , there are 12 more grating things , but this ranks right up there ) .
In a nice story from NBC Chicago , journalists Dick Johnson and Andrew Greiner write about an autistic teen who has picked the first two rounds of the NCAA tournament correctly :
An autistic teenager from the Chicago area has done something almost impossible .
Nearly 48 games into an upset - filled NCAA tournament , 17 - year - old Alex Herrmann is perfect .
“ It ’s amazing , ” he says .
Truly .
Yes it is amazing .
But the writers get tripped up when trying to project the future :
There are still four rounds remaining , so it could fall apart — the odds of a perfect wire to wire bracket is about 1 in 35,360,000 by some measures or 1 in 1,000,000,000,000 by others .
Aaargh !
Let ’s let pass the factor of 28,000 or so difference in estimates .
THIS IS NOT THE RELEVANT STATISTIC !
We already know that Alex has picked the first two rounds correctly .
We are interested in the probability he has a perfect bracket given he picked the first 48 games correctly .
This is about the simplest version of conditional probability you can get .
If all he did was flip a coin for each of the remaining 15 games , he would have a one in 32,768 chance of having a perfect bracket , given where he is now .
Not great odds , certainly but nothing like the probabilities given in the quote .
You can argue whether 50/50 on each the fifteen remaining games is the right probability to use ( Purdue as champion ? ) , but there is absolutely no justification for bringing in the overall probability of a perfect bracket .
By quoting the unconditional probability ( and who knows where those estimates come from ) , the writers vastly underestimate Alex ’s chance of having a perfect bracket .
I swear I see the confusion between unconditional probabilities and conditional probabilities twice a day .
I suspect the stroke that will finally get me will be caused by this sort of error .
Edit .
9:06 PM March 23 .
From the comments on the original post , two further points :
The writers also seem confused about joint probabilities :
One in 13,460,000 , according to BookofOdds.com .
It ’s easier to win the lottery .
Twice .
No … not unless your lottery has the probability of winning of one in the square root of 13,460,000 , or one in 3669 .
While there are “ lotteries ” with such odds , the payoffs tend to be 1000 to 1 , not millions to 1 .
I bet they thought winning one lottery might be 1 in 7,000,000 so two lotteries “ must be ” 1 in 14,000,000 .
No , that is not the way it works .
It appears that if you manage a pool on cbs.sportsline.com , you can edit the picks after the games .
That might be a more reasonable explanation for picking 48 games , but it is hard to tell .
So , to enumerate what journalists should be tested on , lets go with :
Conditional Probability Joint Probabilities Online editing possibilities
You are welcome to add to the certification test requirements in the comments .
Gmail Bonus Addresses
GMail is now probably the most popular type of service e-mail across the Internet .
All people delight in the large storage capacity , great acting anti-spam filter , mobility , ability to integrate with other services ( not just Google ) , and additional options .
In this whole rapture we often do n't realize the many lesser - known , but how important features of our mailbox .
One of these is the fact that our account maintained in fact an infinite number of e-mail addresses , which can be freely used .
Some time ago I flashed on the excavation of the first information of the mechanisms that I describe , but if I did’t attach importance to this .
Recently I stood before the problem of where to get additional e-mail addresses and remembered of that possibility .
Searching the web I stumbled across in turn to yet another interesting way to present your e-mail address .
Dots
The first way concerns the dots in our logon name .
Well , GMail ignores them at all !
Take for example my login - wrzasq : you see all of the following e-mail addresses are automatically redirected to my mailbox : wrz.asq @ gmail.com wr.za.sq @ gmail.com wrzasq@gmail.com and all other combinations also .
Suffixes
The second mechanism is discovered by accident .
Some time ago I met with the information about the e-mail service offering a sub- account under one login .
I wanted to find the information and suddenly I came upon an entry which deals with the same mechanism is in the GMail service .
Well , our user name ( and before the monkey ) may be the sign + ( plus ) add a string ( preserving the accuracy of e-mail address ) and your mail will continue to be directed to our inbox .
For example , my address could be given as : wrzasq+work@gmail.com or wrzasq+private@gmail.com .
Merge
Both methods can be combined - for example , the remaining of my account I use any combinational address : wrz.asq+work@gmail.com , wr.za.sq+test@gmail.com whether wrzasq+private@gmail.com .
Spoofing
What 's our identity ?
What if we have a registered username name.surname@gmail.com , and someone tries to create namesurname@gmail.com ?
In brief - he has failed .
GMail logins simply treats the dot as those without dots , thus registering as name .
surname actually record as namesurname .
We may even try to login .
So no one is likely to establish an account under our spoof , because in reality we all logins automatically .
In turn , the username + suffix label can not be registered .
So we are safe .
Cataloging
Although all of these links lead to your accounts , then the messages are stored information on which of these addresses have been sent .
This gives us the ability to easily cataloging our mail .
We in different places use different addresses , then your account set up rules for dealing with messages sent to a specific one .
Let 's say on the record MyStore.com website using the address of the suffix wrzasq+mystore@gmail.com .
Now create a label for own account MyStore , and then walk in the Settings → Filters , and there create a new filter - type in the address field from which we have given , which for me would be wrzasq+mystore@gmail.com , then set automated action settings such messages MyStore labels .
This is just an example application - the same filter mechanism shows that we can much more precisely describe the behavior for each address , for example , registering for services , which we do not want to receive e-mails , we can provide the address and wrzasq+spam@gmail.com automatically mean they messages as spam .
I wonder what a man learns about your account ...
" Nasal leech infestation rarely occurs in society today and it is usually reported as an anecdote .
In this study , we present seven nasal leeches in six patients from 1984 to 2008 ...
Four patients were less than 8 years old and two patients were older than 60 years old .
All patients had spent time in rural streams 2 weeks to 2 months before the symptoms occurred .
All of the seven leeches were removed smoothly and one leech migrated to the oropharynx during the operation .
The length of the leeches ranged from 2 to 12 cm with an average length of 4.6 cm.
Attention should be given to nasal leech infestation , especially in children and senior citizens who have visited rural streams and have been exposed to freshwater .
One of our patients had two leeches lodged in his nasal cavities .
Therefore , it is also important to re-examine both nasal cavities after the removal of one leech . "
Related content : Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : Does garlic protect against vampires ?
An experimental study .
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : health issues I wish I did n't know about
能兑换现金的四人麻将棋牌：围棋布局技
我很喜欢的两句围棋诗： “ 初疑磊落曙天星，逐步搏击三秋兵” 。很好的诠释了布局的要素。一是把棋子松懈的下在...
2020-09-20
And he stressed that , with 100g of chocolate containing an average of 500 calories , people should still eat it in moderation since being overweight can generate high blood pressure and heart disease .
In a no-frills studio in Fox News ’ Manhattan headquarters , Bill O’Reilly was wrangling with a guest , as usual .
This time it was n’t a liberal foe but conservative strategist Dick Morris , who was hammering the Justice Department for hiring a group of lawyers -- dubbed the “ Al Qaeda Seven ” by the right - wing advocacy group Keep America Safe -- that had represented terrorism suspects in private practice .
But O’Reilly did n’t buy Morris ’ argument that the lawyers ’ past work made them a security risk .
“ You should n’t be demonized because you take on an unpopular client , ” he countered .
The top-rated cable talk - show host has always been a contrarian , a self - described culture warrior who touts traditionalism while also favoring gay adoption and some gun-control measures .
But in recent months , as the country ’s political discourse has curdled , O’Reilly ’s independent streak has become even more pronounced -- particularly in contrast to Fox News ’ newest star , Glenn Beck , who has rallied both passionate fans and detractors with his apocalyptic rhetoric about the Obama administration .
O’Reilly urged a national conference of conservatives to refrain from personal attacks on President Obama .
He noted that employing fear in politics is a “ double - edged sword ” that “ can lead to violence and heartbreak . ”
And he declared that he did not believe the president was a socialist , drawing mockery from radio host Rush Limbaugh .
“ Name - calling gets us nowhere , ” O’Reilly replied mildly .
He still digs into his favorite targets with relish , particularly the “ far - left media ” and Hollywood celebrities .
But lately , O’Reilly ’s tenor has been remarkably measured .
“ You ’ve become in some ways the voice of sanity here , which as I said , is like being the thinnest kid at fat camp , ” comedian Jon Stewart quipped during an appearance on “ The O’Reilly Factor ” last month .
Sitting in his 17th - floor corner office on a recent afternoon , O’Reilly maintained that he has n’t changed .
“ If you ’re coming to me to hear the choir , then you ’ve got to be a relatively new viewer , because we ’ve been pretty independent for a long period of time , ” said the 60 - year - old host , thumbing through manila folders holding research for that evening ’s show .
O’Reilly has long cultivated his outsider status , bristling at being labeled a conservative or a Republican mouthpiece .
So it ’s not surprising that at a time when commentators on the political right have sharpened their attacks on Obama , he has sought a different tack : criticizing the president ’s policies but not the man himself .
“ I like Obama , ” he said , but thinks he lacks the experience to handle the job .
O’Reilly ’s colleagues have taken note of his mellower demeanor .
“ Some of the conversations are still heated , but you may not see the vein explode anymore , ” said Amy Sohnen , O’Reilly ’s executive producer , who helped launch his show in 1996 .
Brit Hume , the network ’s senior political analyst , views it as a sign that the long - embattled host has finally accepted his success .
“ Other channels have thrown everything they could at him , and there he is , ” Hume said .
“ At this point , Bill is kind of supreme . ”
“ The O’Reilly Factor , ” which kicks off the network ’s prime - time lineup , is Fox News ’ most valuable advertising vehicle , a fact evident in O’Reilly ’s salary , which is well north of $ 10 million a year , according to a person familiar with the terms .
This year , he is on track to record his best ratings ever , averaging 3.7 million viewers , up 8 % over 2009 , according to Nielsen .
His competitors lag far behind , with MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann pulling 984,000 viewers on average and CNN ’s Campbell Brown drawing 635,000 .
O’Reilly , who studies the ratings every afternoon , said that despite his dominance , he never feels he can relax .
But he acknowledged that his growing viewership lets him feel “ that I have a responsibility to be a little more cautious , be a little more circumspect when I go after somebody to make sure we have everything covered .
Because I can destroy lives .
And I ’m not going to do that until I ’m 100 % convinced that the person deserves what they get . ”
O’Reilly ’s on - air verbal assaults have been part of his trademark since the onetime correspondent for CBS and ABC joined the then - nascent Fox News Channel .
With his elbows - out style and populist instincts , he beat out Larry King in 2002 as the most - watched cable news host , a title he has never relinquished .
“ The dirty little secret of Bill ’s show is people tune in who like him and people tune in who do n’t like him , ” said Bill Shine , executive vice president for programming .
And plenty still do n’t .
Liberal detractors such as Media Matters for America hammer at him daily , challenging his assertions .
“ I do n’t think he ’s changed , ” said Ari Rabin - Havt , the group ’s vice president of research and communications .
In the last year , however , Beck has replaced O’Reilly as the network ’s lightning rod .
While Beck ’s denunciations of big government have made him a hero of the Tea Party movement , he has drawn sharp criticism for his dark warnings about Obama , particularly his claim that the president is “ racist , ” triggering an advertising boycott of his show organized by an African American advocacy group .
O’Reilly said he does n’t begrudge Beck the attention .
“ More power to him , man , ” said O’Reilly , casually propping his foot up against the edge of his desk .
“ It takes the heat off me .
I tell him , ‘ Be as crazy as you want . ’ ”
“ I like Beck ; I understand exactly what he ’s doing , ” he added .
“ He genuinely feels the country is in bad shape .
I think guys like that deserve a voice . ”
Beck has found a megaphone : His 2 p.m. PDT show has averaged 2.8 million viewers this year , beating out Sean Hannity as the network ’s second - most - watched host .
But O’Reilly said he ’s not worried about the prospect of Beck overtaking him .
“ What am I supposed to do , hate Glenn Beck because he ’s successful ? ” he asked .
“ That ’s what they do in Hollywood .
I ’m a New Yorker . ”
Colleagues and controversy
In an interview , Beck joked that he could n’t figure out why O’Reilly was being so nice to him -- until “ I realized I ’m just a human meat shield for the guy .
He ’s all of a sudden the senior statesman . ”
Turning serious , he said he appreciated that the longtime host “ has been so gracious . ”
The way O’Reilly has dealt with Beck ’s rise exemplifies the shrewdness that has kept him on top of the cable heap .
Shortly after Beck joined Fox News in 2009 from HLN , O’Reilly tapped him to be one of his regular contributors .
He appears on the “ Factor ” nearly every Friday , playing the goofy apprentice to O’Reilly ’s hardened veteran .
And earlier this year , the men joined forces for a sold - out live road show , dubbed the “ Bold & Fresh Tour . ”
( Network executives were n’t thrilled , reportedly concerned that it promoted the two personalities rather than Fox News . )
“ Other people , seeing what Beck had done , might have done something other than embrace him , ” Hume said .
“ There ’s no sense in watching them that Bill looks at Beck as a threat . ”
O’Reilly said he challenges Beck if the younger host says “ something dopey ” but called the “ hysteria ” over his controversial statements “ a joke . ”
Still , he has gone out of his way in recent months to decry personal attacks .
Two days before Beck gave the keynote speech at the last month ’s Conservative Political Action Conference , O’Reilly chided the group ’s speakers for “ bashing Obama . ”
( Beck said he did n’t feel the editorial was aimed at him . )
O’Reilly himself has been charged with lobbing personal attacks .
After Kansas abortion provider George Tiller was killed last year , liberal commentators blamed the host for stirring hatred of Tiller by lambasting the doctor for “ executing babies ” through late - term abortions .
O’Reilly vehemently rejects the suggestion that he in any way contributed to Tiller ’s death , saying , “ I reported the story accurately . ”
But he admits he ’s gone after guests on the air -- most recently , Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank , whom he called a “ coward ” during a shout - fest about banking reform in October 2008 .
Since then , the host said he ’s “ cut down on the bomb - thrower guests . ”
“ There is something to be said for those Barney Frank moments , ” O’Reilly said .
“ They get us a lot of attention , and they get us an audience .
But if you do it too often , you become Morton Downey Jr. , ” he added , referring to the late , caustic talk - show host .
O’Reilly has even let up on his long - running feud with NBC and its parent company GE -- not because he was asked to by Fox News chief Roger Ailes , he said , but because he respects Comcast , which is buying NBC .
And he admits that as he ’s gotten older , he ’s grown less concerned with how he is perceived by the public : “ I tell that to Glenn Beck all the time .
I say , ‘ Look , it does n’t matter .
Let them hate you .
So what ?
Who cares ? ’ ”
That does n’t mean he ’s walking away from the fight .
O’Reilly , who signed another four - year contract in late 2008 , remains deeply engaged with his show , down to picking how long each segment will run each night .
“ I never think I ’m a success , ” he said .
“ I ’m always the guy , if it ’s 35 to nothing and I ’m still playing , I ’m playing hard . ”
matea.gold@latimes.com
Allegations of conspiracy to murder by Scientology Excerpted from http://www.scientology-lies.com/re.cgi?http://www.xs4all.nl/~kspaink/mpoulter/worst/scottm.html .
Please see that page for the full text .
Emphasis added in red .
Editorial comments , when added , are in purple .
Scott Mayer 's affidavit says Scientology instructed him to kill someone 22 .
While I was in the Sea Org , I was instructed to kill another human being by the Scientology organization .
At the time Scientology had an office on Beacon Avenue in Los Angeles , very close to McArthur Park .
I was called in for a briefing by Alex Sibryski .
At that time , Scientology had a ranch at Rosarito in Mexico which was being used as a nursery , a place for overflow kids that could not be housed in Los Angeles and a place to grow fruits and vegetables .
Mexican bandits were allegedly harassing and hustling the ranch and stealing produce from it .
Jerry McDonald and I were asked to put together a mission to go down to Mexico , take some infrared optics and some guns and rifles , wait for the Mexican bandits to attack the ranch again and then take care of them .
We were told to kill them if necessary .
I received these orders from Alex Sibryski .
At the time he was Commanding Officer Flag Operations Western U.S. ( " F.O.L.O.W.U.S. " ) .
This was part of Scientology 's elite Sea Organization .
I was the Operations Officer at Flags Operations Liaison Office at the time and it was my job to write the mission orders for this thing and get us all briefed and ready to go .
We figured that if we " took out " the bandit leaders the rest would disband .
It took 24 - 48 hours to get this done and in the course of that time I never saw any written dispatches on this but the mission was then canceled by Alex Sibryski .
He said that there was a governess in - charge of the ranch and that the bandits had tried to attack her at the place and she had shot the bandit leader with a shotgun through the door and taken care of the problem .
23 . Jerry McDonald was widely rumored to have been a former mercenary and a paid assassin in Europe .
He was known throughout the Sea Org for taking care of difficult problems .
If someone was giving a problem in some area Jerry McDonald would just appear there .
Because of his reputation as having been an assassin , if he came on the scene , people would fear for their lives .
They believed that he was working totally for Scientology and that he would do anything for Hubbard .
Additionally , he was also the kind of guy who would have people over to his house every now and then and would get out his automatic weapons , clean them and put them together in front of people .
In this way , he would let people know that he was really conversant with his craft .
He carried a 9 mm pistol on him all the time and he was always talking about arms sales and deals that he was doing .
As things turned out , he and I were not required to carry out the instructions to kill that we had received .
However , if the orders had not been canceled I have no doubt that he could have performed the task .
This page was last updated on May 8 , 1999 .
Dubai police chief Lieutenant General Dahi Khaifan Tamim today warned that if it is proven that Mossad is behind last month ’s assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in the city , they will seek an international arrest warrant against Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
“ The Israeli prime minister will be the first to be wanted for justice as he would have been the one who signed the decision to kill al - Mabhouh in Dubai , ” insisted Lt. Gen. Khaifan .
Mabhouh , a top Hamas commander , was killed in a Dubai hotel shortly after arriving in the city .
Israel has yet to directly confirm the killing , but has claimed that the militant was in Dubai to meet “ Iranian officials . ”
Lt. Gen. Khaifan dismissed the accusation , noting that Mabhouh could have just as easily stayed in Syria or gone to Iran if he wanted to meeting Iranian officials .
Police say they have found no evidence Mabhouh was in Dubai on “ business ” for Hamas and warned both Israel and Hamas against using their city as a staging ground for future assassinations .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd today demoted Peter Garrett as Environment Minister over the housing insulation debacle .
Mr Rudd announced in Sydney the establishment of a new stand - alone department of climate change and energy efficiency , which will be headed by Penny Wong .
Mr Rudd has appointed Greg Combet as the new Minister Assisting the Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency .
This new department will be given responsibility for winding up the troubled insulation program and the roll - out of the new household renewable energy bonus scheme .
( Check out Roy Blunt 's hypocrisy )
We 've been watching these Republican hypocrites for exactly a year now attack Obama 's stimulus bill and then take credit for the cash it brought into their states .
Think Progress documents the atrocities .
Last month , President Obama admonished Republicans for going to “ ribbon cuttings for the same projects that you voted against . ”
It ’s true : Last year , Sen. Kit Bond ( R - MO ) appeared at a ribbon cutting event for GetAbout Columbia ’s MKT Plaza , a pedestrian walking and recreation area funded by the stimulus .
( See picture at top right . )
ThinkProgress has investigated opponents of the Recovery Act , reporting throughout the year that many of the lawmakers who tried to kill the legislation have been returning to their home states to claim credit for popular stimulus programs .
In a new research report , ThinkProgress finds that over half of the GOP caucus , 110 lawmakers — from the House and Senate — are guilty of stimulus hypocrisy .
Among some of the key findings :
– Top Republican Senate Recruits Are Stimulus Hypocrites : As ThinkProgress reported , Rep. Mike Castle ( R - DE ) , a candidate for Senate , touted over $ 5 million in stimulus programs he voted to kill .
Rep. Mark Kirk ( R - IL ) , the GOP nominee for Senate in Illinois , signed a letter urging Gov. Pat Quinn to provide “ Recovery Act ( ARRA ) funding to expand the Illinois Community College Sustainability Network . ” – GOP Leadership Leads The Way In Hypocrisy : Although he regularly slams the stimulus as a waste while in DC , McConnell has returned to Kentucky to take credit for stimulus programs , even taking time to request more funds .
ThinkProgress attended two job fairs held by Cantor , where we found dozens of employers able to hire directly because of the stimulus .
Indeed , even Boehner ’s office released a statement boasting that the stimulus will create “ much needed jobs . ” – The Audacity Of Hypocrisy Knows No Bounds :
Many opponents of the stimulus have been quite brazen with their ability to try to claim credit for the program .
For instance , Rep. Jack Kingston ( R - GA ) spent the morning of July 28th railing against the stimulus , yelling “ Where ’s the stimulus package ?
Where ’s the jobs ? ” on the House floor .
On the same day of his rant , Kingston ’s office sent out multiple press releases bragging that he had secured hundreds of thousands in stimulus funds to hire additional police officers in his district .
Other stimulus opponents , like Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - GA ) — who has called the stimulus a “ trillion dollar debt bill ” — have printed out jumbo - sized ceremonial stimulus checks to present to local communities to try to garner positive press .
Individually , over half of the entire Republican caucus has hailed nearly every aspect of the stimulus as a success — from infrastructure funds , to food programs , to education grants .
But politically , admitting its success might harm the GOP ’s chances in November .
So with Republicans fixated on winning politically , they have focused on deceiving the public by calling the stimulus a failure , while pretending successful programs are n’t stimulus funded .
“ You hear these legends of coat - hanger abortions , ” a 26 - year - old former Marine sergeant told me recently , “ but there are no coat hangers in Iraq .
I looked . ”
Amy ( who prefers not to use her real name ) was stationed in Fallujah as a military journalist two years ago when she discovered she was pregnant .
As a female Marine , a distinct minority in the branch , Amy was fearful of going to her chain of command to explain her situation .
For military women , who lack all rights to medical privacy , facing an unplanned pregnancy is a daunting obstacle .
Thanks to anti-abortion forces in Congress , military hospitals are banned from providing abortion services , except in cases of life endangerment , rape , or incest ( and for the latter two , only if the patient pays for the service herself ) .
Amy says her options were “ like being given a choice between swimming in a pond full of crocodiles or piranhas . ”
“ I have long been aware of the stigma surrounding this circumstance and knew my career would likely be over , though I have received exceptional performance reviews in the past , ” Amy explains .
Although Fallujah has a surgical unit , and abortion is one of the most common surgical procedures , Amy knew that if her pregnancy were discovered , she would be sent back to her home base at North Carolina ’s Camp Lejeune , where she would then have to seek a private abortion off - base , or she could request leave in Iraq and try her luck at a local hospital .
She also knew she could face reprimands from her commanding officers for having had sex in Iraq ( part of a broader prohibition on sex in war zones ) , and that she might not be promoted as a result : a potentially career - ending situation in the Marines , where failure to obtain regular promotions results in being discharged .
Moreover , as a woman in the military , accustomed to proving herself to her male peers over her six - year career , Amy was wary of appearing a “ weak female . ”
“ If you get sent home for something like that , everyone will know about it , ” says Amy .
“ That ’s a really bad stigma in the military .
I thought , that ’s not me , I ’ve worked harder and I could outrun all the guys .
So I chose to stay , and that was just as bad . ”
From a remove of two years ,
Amy now sees the sex that resulted in her pregnancy as rape : something that may have qualified her for an on - base ( though self - funded ) abortion .
However , at the time , because the rape was n’t brutally violent , and because she had seen fellow servicewomen be ostracized for “ crying rape ” in the past , she imagined nothing but trouble would come of making a complaint .
Instead , using herbal abortifacient supplements ordered online , Amy self - aborted .
Unable to find a coat hanger she used her sanitized rifle cleaning rod and a laundry pin to manually dislodge the fetus while lying on a towel on the bathroom floor .
It was a procedure she attempted twice , each time hemorrhaging profusely .
Amy lost so much blood on the first attempt that her skin blanched and her ears rang .
She continued working for five weeks , despite increasing sickness , until she realized she was still pregnant .
The morning after her second attempt , she awoke in great pain , and finally told a female supervisor , who told Amy to take an emergency leave to fly back to the United States where a private abortion clinic could finish the procedure .
However , Amy was afraid that she would miscarry on the 15 - hour plane ride and have no medical escort to help her .
She went to the military hospital instead and told the doctor everything .
Shortly thereafter , her company first sergeant and other officers were notified of Amy ’s condition .
The first sergeant came to her hospital room to announce that Amy would be punished under Article 92 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice , which addresses violations of general regulations , for having had sex in a war zone .
That night , Amy miscarried alone in her shower .
Fearful of the advice of a sympathetic female officer who suggested that Amy might be charged for the abortion as well ( she was n’t ) , she flushed the fetus down the toilet .
“ I do n’t believe there was ever a life or a soul there , ” Amy says , “ but I feel undignified for doing that . ”
When her nonjudicial punishment ( a plea sentence for a misdemeanor - like offense ) went through , Amy was fined $ 500 and given a suspended rank reduction .
Master Sergeant Keith Milks , a public affairs officer in Amy ’s former unit , the II Marine Expeditionary Force , says he can’t comment specifically on Amy ’s case , as the administration action of the punishment and Amy ’s personnel details are covered by privacy provisions .
However , he says , her sentence is in keeping with the options for disciplining soldiers for breaking the prohibition on sex in a war zone .
At Amy ’s request , she was sent home from Iraq , after a military psychiatrist determined that she was “ too psychologically unstable ” to remain , and diagnosed her with acute anxiety , PTSD , and depression .
“ They convinced themselves that anyone who would do a self - abortion is crazy , ” Amy says .
“ It ’s not a crazy thing .
It ’s something that rational , thinking women do when they have no options . ”
Alexa Kolbi-Molinas , staff attorney for the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project , says Amy ’s horrifying story is the logical outcome of the longstanding military ban on abortion that affects 200,000 female service members as well as female military spouses and dependents living on military bases covered by the armed forces ’
Tricare health coverage .
Shocking as the story may be , Kolbi - Molinas says , “ If you restrict women to unsafe abortions , this is what will happen . ”
Military Women “ Do Not Receive the Protection of the Constitution they Defend ”
Starting in 1979 , Defense Department appropriations bills have been used to restrict or prohibit the use of federal funds — meaning all military health coverage — for abortion services at overseas military hospitals .
Although President Clinton reversed the ban shortly after taking office , anti-abortion forces in Congress made the ban permanent in 1995 , preventing future presidents from altering the rules by executive order .
What began as a funding ban , compelling women to pay for abortion services themselves , was later extended into a more comprehensive embargo on performing abortions in any military hospital except in cases of rape , incest , or threat to the life of the mother .
Rep. Susan Davis ( D - CA ) , argued that “ servicewomen do not receive the protection of the Constitution they defend , ” and tried unsuccessfully in 2005 and 2006 to repeal the ban — or at least to bring it in line with current Medicaid standards by allowing abortion funding in rape and incest cases .
Opponents like Kansas Republican Jim Ryan postured in response claiming that , “ allowing self - funded abortions would simply turn our military hospitals overseas into abortion clinics . ”
In fact , before Roe v.
Wade the situation was reversed : servicewomen were pressured into having abortions due to a military policy of automatically discharging pregnant women .
That policy ended with Crawford v. Cushman , a 1976 US Appeals Court case ruling that the discharge rule violated due process .
The result of the ban is that active - duty servicewomen and military dependents are faced with a number of equally unappealing options : venture out to local hospitals while overseas , to medical facilities that may have different standards of care , where medical workers may not speak English , or where there is animosity towards the United States ; seek a back - alley abortion in a country that prohibits abortion ; or undertake an arduous process of obtaining permission from commanding officers to fly home or to a neighboring country , find space on a military transport , or pay for a commercial flight home ( a prohibitive cost for lower - ranking servicewomen ) , and return to their units aware that their superiors know intimate details about their medical records .
Kolbi-Molinas says the ACLU has received reports about commanding officers attempting to interfere with women taking leave to obtain abortions .
Even for those who are able to obtain an abortion off - base , says Bethany Niebauer , a military spouse and writer at RH Reality Check , the lack of medical privacy in the military means women often return to social shaming “ for making a choice with which her superiors might disagree . ”
A General Accounting Office report on the issue in 2002 found that the policy was a humiliation for servicewomen , who must seek travel approval from commanding officers , many of whom “ have not been adequately trained about the importance of women ’s basic health care . ”
Furthermore , servicewomen may be uneasy with the appearance of requesting special treatment , or may face commanding officers who disapprove of abortion — a serious concern for women reliant on these officers for career advancement .
Vicki Saporta , President of the National Abortion Federation , says that military women seeking abortions face a no - win situation .
“ If you ’re a woman in the military , you ’re going to have to obtain a leave to get the care you need .
If you ’re honest about why you need that care , you put your military career in jeopardy .
If you ’re not honest , then you put your military career in jeopardy . ”
Lieutenant General Claudia J. Kennedy , in a 2002 letter to the Senate in support of lifting the ban , described her experiences as a battalion commander in Germany in the late 1980s , when she helped a servicewoman get an abortion locally .
Even in the modern hospitals of Germany , the experience was “ both mortifying and painful . ”
The woman received no pain medication ; the cultural differences in German hospitals violated her modesty and comfort ; and none of the medical staff spoke enough English to give adequate instructions .
“ It was a searing experience for all of us , ” Kennedy wrote , “ that in a very vulnerable time , this American who was serving her country overseas could not count on the Army to give her the care she needed . ”
In addition , Kennedy noted , throughout those years she encountered Army doctors who displayed anti-abortion posters , “ creating a climate of intimidation for anyone who might want to discuss what is a legal option . ”
“ Since the doctors are officers and far outrank enlisted soldiers , ” Kennedy wrote , “ and since the soldiers have no way to choose which doctor they see on sick call , it was only with good luck that a young soldier might be seen by someone who would treat her decision with the respect she deserved . ”
Many do , says Kolbi-Molinas , citing military medical doctors who later became abortion providers and who spoke to the ACLU of their distress , either at not being able to provide abortion care to women in need , or at treating women who arrived septic from back - alley abortions .
But their hands are tied .
The National Abortion Federation reported the comments of Dr. Jeffrey Jensen , a naval medic who witnessed many complications from unsafe abortions performed on servicewomen in the Philippines .
“ Imagine having the tools and training available to help these women , as I did , ” he wrote , “ and being forced to deny those services . ”
In response to questions regarding the obstacles that servicewomen face in obtaining abortions , Pentagon spokesperson Cynthia Smith explains that “ Our policy implements the law Congress passed .
The Department will continue to follow Congressional mandate regarding the funding of abortions and restrictions regarding abortions conducted in [ Department of Defense ] medical treatment facilities . ”
Reproductive Rights Lost as Church and State Become Entwined
The ban on abortions at military hospitals has n’t been a prominent aspect of abortion rights advocacy in recent years , as reproductive rights activists have scrambled to avoid losing further ground to anti-abortion measures like the House health care bill ’s Stupak amendment or the corresponding Nelson amendment defeated last week in the Senate .
But there are reasons why it should be .
The new Secretary of the Army , John McHugh , came to the Pentagon after serving as the representative of New York ’s 23rd District , where last month conservative activists forced the Republican running for McHugh ’s old seat , Dede Scozzafava , out of the race for being insufficiently conservative .
McHugh ’s own culture war credentials are solid , earning him kudos from religious right and anti-abortion groups , and skepticism from church - state separation groups .
Upon McHugh ’s nomination last June , the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , a civil rights watchdog group that monitors proselytization and religious discrimination in the US military , lamented that McHugh was too little change from Bush appointees who intermingled the military ’s mission with that of evangelizing ministries .
MRFF senior researcher Chris Rodda noted that McHugh had backed such constitutionally - ambiguous legislation as proposals to privilege the right to pray on public property or to prevent legal challenges to the words “ under God ” in the Pledge of Allegiance .
Americans United executive director Rev. Barry W. Lynn urged an inquiry into his record on church - state separation while the Secular Coalition for America argued that , “ McHugh ’s past record in the House of Representatives indicates an unwillingness to improve our military ’s policies that relate to religious proselytizing and discriminatory practices . ”
But these concerns were not even addressed in the confirmation process .
As often follows the interweaving of church and state concerns , McHugh also has a long history of conservatism when it comes to women ’s and reproductive rights — particularly those of women in the military .
McHugh has a solidly anti-abortion record ( 100 % , according to the National Right to Life Committee ) and has voted against embryonic stem cell research , and for at least eight anti-choice bills that would limit abortion access or advance “ fetal personhood . ”
As the ranking Republican on the Armed Services Committee , McHugh co-sponsored a 2005 bill that would have extended a combat ban for women to support units — a gesture supported by the far - right group the Center for Military Readiness and antifeminist grand dame Phyllis Schlafly .
But perhaps more significantly , McHugh consistently voted against Rep. Davis ’ efforts to expand abortion access to military women .
Unsurprisingly , this did not come up in discussions of McHugh ’s nomination , as the military abortion ban has largely disappeared from the public radar .
It ’s just one more category of women — including those below the poverty line , federal employees , those cared for by Indian Health Service and Peace Corps volunteers — who fall into the canyons created by sweeping bans on federal funding for abortion .
Caitlin Borgmann , a CUNY law professor and board member of the National Abortion Federation , wrote a letter to the editor of the New York Times this August when the paper ran a story on the challenges facing American servicewomen that omitted mention of the abortion ban altogether .
Borgmann says that while reproductive rights groups following this issue hoped the Obama transition would address the ban , the failure of the new government to aggressively defend reproductive freedom has left the rights of military women a largely forgotten inequality .
“ We ’re right now basically fighting to maintain current federal law , which we think needs to be changed , ” explains Vicki Saporta .
And with the Obama administration appointing a key supporter of the ban , hope for military women seems largely moot .
But perhaps not entirely .
In the wake of the Stupak amendment ( which even conservative pundit David Frum acknowledged would effectively ban abortion for large numbers of women ) , a look at the experience of military women who are already living under the burden of similar prohibitions could be timely and politicizing , as well as a reminder of how much ground has been ceded already .
Going forward , the failure in care that military women have long had to contend with could be shared by all American women .
Kolbi-Molinas says :
When you look at all these bans together , you get the sense that , okay , Indian women are carved out , poor women and women on Medicaid are carved out , military women and women in government are carved out .
Then you see Stupak , and you see that it ’s not a class of women as limited as those , but it ’s actually middle - class women .
Toss in the threat that private insurance companies could follow government programs and , Kolbi-Molinas says , it could soon “ be everybody . ”
As it stands the National Abortion Fund receives thousands of calls monthly from women desperate to fund their abortions , Saporta says , and while there are important distinctions between the military abortion ban and the implications of the Stupak amendment , she considers the results more or less the same .
“ Women in rural areas may have to travel over 50 miles to obtain care , but they do n’t have to travel thousands of miles .
So the burdens are more onerous on women in the military stationed in countries where abortion is illegal or unavailable .
But even women who live on the same street as a clinic , if they ca n’t afford the care they need , they do n’t have access to service either . ”
Paris , France ( CNN ) --
French bishops wrote in a letter Friday that they " feel shame and regret for the abominable acts " perpetrated by some priests and religious figures in the Catholic church .
The bishops wrote the letter to Pope Benedict XVI as a " cordial message of support " amid the widening abuse scandal in the church .
They said they supported the pope 's strong words of support for victims of the abuse in Ireland , which the pontiff expressed in a letter to Irish Catholics on Sunday .
" Those who committed these acts disfigure our church , hurt Christian communities , and extend suspicion on all members of the clergy , " the French bishops wrote .
Even if the actions are down to a small number of priests , they wrote , " it is already too much . "
READER COMMENTS ON
" Laura Flanders on GritTV : NYT 's Belated ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoax Correction ' Way , Way , WAY Too Late ' "
( 9 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/26/2010 @ 2:35 pm PT ...
Also , and you can delete this part , the ' to ' in the post title should be ' too . '
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/26/2010 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/26/2010 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
I can understand that fearful people might prefer slavery to freedom , but passing it along to your children and grandchildren is unconscionable .
I do n't get it .
When your government can indebt you , your children , and your grandchildren to the tune of trillions of dollars , without consulting you and against the expressed will of the majority of citizens , you are living under a tyrannical rather than a democratic form of government .
You are NOT free .
Why is it that Democrats , including both liberals and progressives , are content with tyranny and happy to ignore the mandate in the Declaration of Independence that it is not just our right , but our duty to oppose tyranny and to establish a democratic form of government ?
Here 's the difference in how the left and the right are treated in this country .
ACORN never committed any crime and never defrauded the government of a dime , yet Congress voted for an unconstitutional bill of attainder against it and the corporate media drove it out of existence as part of the right - ring / FBI harassment campaign against ACORN that went on for decades at the cost of millions of dollars without finding any wrongdoing .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/27/2010 @ 5:12 am PT ...
Does n't Laura Flanders have some pull at npr ?
I think it would be nice if npr would get the whole story straight !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/27/2010 @ 7:29 am PT ...
Mark E. Smith @3
Mark it 's NOT the government indebting the nation !
It is corporations UNDER THE GUISE of government indebting the nation .
There is a HUGE difference .
Corporate corruption and welfare is the largest government expense ... not human services welfare or anything like that .
Corporations are the government now , and have been for over 20 years .
The right wing meme about government not working is actually an elementary shell game .
Corporate America has hijacked and sabotaged the government ; and they then propagandize the people into the notion that all the ills of the nation are government 's fault and the " free market " ( see corporate rule ) is the only solution ... when in actuality it 's been corporate corruption and welfare that has America on the brink of default .
I find it amazing that all the anti-government screamers never offer an alternative to government ... or give the people a clear picture of what countries with small , weak governments actually look like .
Those countries look like fascist plutocracies ... feudal systems where business is government and people are just serfs or slaves to the ruling corporate nobility .
It was a robust government that created the stout middle class that this country enjoyed until around 1980 ... Then Reagan came telling everyone how government is the problem , how government needs to be shackled and dismantled .
That has led directly to what we have today ... a huge wealth transfer upward , a middle class under economic attack and the nation on the brink of financial default .
In a democracy , government should represent the will of the people ; not the will of the corporation ; which is actually a very small group .
The will of the people has been left behind for the will of a cabal of economic bullies .
That is your government Mark .
All your anti-government rhetoric is actually assisting fascist rule .
America does n't need less government , America needs BETTER government that is truly representative of the will of it 's citizens .
A majority of citizens want a healthy social safety net .
A majority of citizens want a public option in healthcare .
A majority of citizens want the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan over and ALL the troops brought home .
A majority of citizens want their privacy protected ; and the violators of their privacy prosecuted .
A majority of Americans want a government jobs program when greedy corporations fail in their duty to employ Americans .
A majority of Americans want anti-trust laws to ensure a diversity of ideas and product in the marketplace .
I could go on but you get the picture ... democratic government does n't need to be dismantled .
We the people need to demand that government does it 's constitutional duty before it's too late and the corporate fascists change the laws ... it may be too late though .
I hope not .
Last week Republican Rep. Mike Pence posted on his Facebook site that famous Schoolhouse Rock video titled " How a Bill Becomes a Law . "
It 's clearly time for a remake .
Never before has the average American been treated to such a live - action view of the sordid politics necessary to push a deeply flawed bill to completion .
It was dirty deals , open threats , broken promises and disregard for democracy that pulled ObamaCare to this point , and yesterday the same machinations pushed it across the finish line .
You could see it all coming a week ago , when New York Rep.
Louise Slaughter let leak a breathtaking strategy whereby the House would not actually vote on the unpopular Senate bill .
The House would instead vote on a " reconciliation " fix to that bill , and in the process " deem " the underlying legislation — with its Cornhusker kickbacks and Louisiana purchases — passed .
The Slaughter Solution was both blunt admission and warning .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi did not have 216 votes to pass the Senate bill , there never was going to be majority " support " for it , but they 'd pass it anyway .
The final days were a simple death watch , to see how the votes would be bought , bribed or bullied , and how many congressional rules gamed , to get the win .
President Obama flew to Pennsylvania ( home to five wavering House Democrats ) , Missouri ( three wavering ) , Ohio ( eight ) , and Virginia ( four ) to hold rallies with small , supportive crowds .
In four days , Mr. Obama held 64 meetings or calls with congressmen .
The goal was to let undecideds know that the president had them in his crosshairs , that he still had pull with the base , and he'd use it against them .
By Saturday the tactic had yielded yes votes from at least half the previously undecided members of those states .
Scientists have pinpointed specific mutations that allow a common plant virus to infect new species , according to research published in the March issue of the Journal of General Virology .
Understanding the genetics of the key interactions between viruses and hosts could provide insight to how some viruses manage to jump the species barrier and even give us a better idea of how animal diseases are generated .
Researchers from Saga University , Japan studied the genetic changes that took place when turnip mosaic virus ( TuMV ) -- a plant mosaic disease spread by aphids -- adapted to infect a new species .
Genetic analysis showed TuMV had acquired an average of 140 significant mutations , on its evolutionary pathway from Brassica rapa ( turnip ) , a host to which it is well adapted , to a new host Raphanus sativus ( radish ) .
Interestingly , many of the mutations were found clustered in genes that code for two key viral proteins , P3 and CI .
These two proteins are already known to interact with genes that help plants resist TuMV infection .
Researchers think that a kind of molecular tug of war between these proteins and plant resistance mechanisms takes place , that determines not only the severity of disease following infection , but also whether the virus can infect its host in the first place .
Both plant and animal viruses are specifically adapted to infect and replicate in particular types of host .
To ensure their spread and survival , viruses can adapt to their environment by mutating .
Mutations may alter the severity of infection in existing hosts , change how contagious a virus is , or allow the virus to infect new hosts .
Viruses such as TuMV that use RNA ( rather than DNA ) as their genetic material mutate especially easily as they use a copying method that is far more error - prone .
Professor Kazusato Ohshima who led the study believes that research into the virus - host interface in plants could have far - reaching benefits .
" Revealing the subtleties of the interaction between viruses and plant resistance mechanisms could help breeders produce better crops , for example by selecting strains that block changes to TuMV . "
He also said the work could help the study of animal viruses .
" We are trying to understand how novel viruses emerge -- particularly how viruses are able to cross the species barrier .
This in turn gives us a better idea of how pandemics are generated and how best to stem their spread . "
More from the Washington Post story :
Udall helped write several of the most far - reaching pieces of legislation , including the Wilderness Act of 1964 , which protects millions of acres from logging , mining and other development .
" I never lost an argument with the budget people under either Kennedy or Johnson .
If you had a new national park or a new policy on wilderness or something on wild rivers ... they 'd say , ` Go ahead .
It 's a good idea , ' " Udall once said in an interview .
Udall also famously predicted the energy crisis in a 1972 Atlantic Monthly Article entitled " Too Many Cars , Too Little Oil .
In part , he wrote words that ring eerily true today :
In my view , it is unfortunate that most oilmen are willing to take a final ride with the boomer geologists .
They apparently believe that the country should base its energy policies on the bet that another round of big oil strikes is in the offing , that an acceptable oil shale technology can be developed overnight , or that last - resort foreign imports can bail us out .
On a personal Stewart and Mo Udall were legendary characters in Arizona politics ( where I grew up ) .
To me , their lives are proof that true progressives can indeed win elections in the west .
Evangelical minister Ray Comfort recently put out a “ 150th Anniversary Edition ” of On the Origin of Species , with a Special Introduction attacking Darwin , the theory of evolution , and atheism .
Yeah , big deal .
It ’s been all over the Internet lately .
Well , as an assignment for one of my university courses , I wrote a nice report on Comfort ’s edition , comparing it to the original 1859 first edition , which we conveniently have a copy of in a library here on campus .
It was very revealing .
You can see the entire 11 - page report here , though do n’t be frightened by its length : it ’s double - spaced and in a nice , large , easy - to - read font .
Enjoy , everyone !
Feel free to spread this around the Interwebs as much as you ’d like .
For the impatient , here are the highlights :
Ray Comfort ’s table of contents omits page numbers entirely , so you ca n’t skip to specific chapters .
In fact , new chapters start in the middle of pages , and chapter headings are in tiny font , so you ca n’t even find chapters if you want to find a specific detail .
It ’s worthless as the edition for “ universities and higher education ” it claims to be on the back cover .
The text of his Special Introduction is in a nice , large font , whereas Origin is in a tiny , unreadable font .
It is painfully clear that Comfort does not even want you to read Origin , just his introduction .
If he were truly interested in shortening this edition to make it cheaper to produce , he would have shortened his introduction as well .
The nice , 12 - page index is completely omitted .
Darwin ’s credentials , once present on the title page , are left out .
The one figure included in the first edition , a nice tree of life diagram , is omitted , leaving four pages or so of Darwin blabbing about a figure illustrating his point with no actual figure to illustrate his point .
Comfort ’s Introduction , however , includes numerous photographs and cartoons .
Comfort ’s claim that atheists wanted book - burnings and generally had a huge violent outcry is mostly unsubstantiated .
Though one atheist on RichardDawkins .
net calls Comfort out on his “ ideological masturbation fantasy . ”
( Yeah , the paper ’s worth reading just for that quote . )
I did not , in fact , see much response at all from the religious online community , besides some criticisms of Comfort .
What does this lead me to believe ?
Well , here ’s my conclusion :
Comfort ’s edition of On the Origin of Species is not the product of a society that has rejected Darwinism .
It is the product of a society that accepts Darwinism more than ever , whose acceptance has driven Ray Comfort to the conclusion that society is rejecting God .
To a deeply religious minister , that is cause for action .
Thus , a new Origin was produced , one designed to bring people back to God by emphasizing a religious message and discouraging anyone from even reading Darwin ’s words .
In his view , after all , Darwin is the man who drove them away from God in the first place .
This is no ordinary edition of Origins , with a nice introduction stating the “ other side ” of the story , as Comfort makes it out to be .
It is an outright , but very subtle , attack .
And it deserves to be treated that way .
Because I love to write about climate change and watch the misinformation and noise fly in the comments , I will direct your attention to two very interesting articles about denialism :
1 ) My friend and noted skeptic Steve Novella writes about the meaning of scientific consensus and denialism , whether that 's over global warming or vaccines .
2 ) An article on lies.com likens global warming denialism to the O. J. Simpson trial , saying that when faced with overwhelming evidence , Simpson 's lawyers attacked the court process instead of the actual case .
It 's a fascinating analogy and one that strikes me as being very apt .
I 'll add as a bonus a link to something I wrote a while back : the difference between skepticism and denialism .
I wrote it a year or so ago , and do n't see anything I would change today .
Fears of a new “ super snake ” emerging in the Everglades grew this week during a hunt to track South Florida ’s invasive python population .
A three - day , state - coordinated hunt that started Tuesday had , by Wednesday , turned up at least five African rock pythons -- including a 14 - foot - long female -- in a targeted area in Miami - Dade County .
Those findings add to concerns that the African rock python is a new breeding population in the Everglades and not just the result of a few overgrown pets being released into the wild , according to the South Florida Water Management District .
In addition , state environmental officials worry that the rock python could breed with the Burmese python , which already has an established foothold in the Everglades .
That could lead to a new “ super snake , ” said George Horne , the water district ’s deputy executive director .
Advertisement
In Africa , the rock python eats creatures as large as goats and crocodiles .
There have been cases of the snakes killing children .
“ They are bigger and meaner than the Burmese python .
It ’s not good news , ” said Deborah Drum , deputy director of the district ’s restoration sciences department .
The concern is that a hybrid python could pose even more risk of large constrictor snakes overwhelming the Everglades -- where they thrive without a natural predator .
The state estimates that thousands of Burmese pythons have spread through the Everglades .
Some came from people releasing exotic pets they no longer wished to care for ; others are thought to have escaped during hurricanes and then bred new generations in the wild .
Advertisement
Unusually cold temperatures in South Florida recently have flushed more of the snakes out of the wild and onto flood control levees .
Three of the African rock pythons found in the snake hunt this week were captured , and two got away .
One had a circumference of 31 inches .
Another was bearing eggs .
The African rock python typically has a “ nastier disposition ” than the Burmese python , said LeRoy Rodgers , a water district scientist .
“ These are animals that are hot predators , and now there are two species to worry about , ” he said .
Advertisement
areid@sunsentinel.com
Balance Beam Somersault Face Plant ( GIF )
We ’ve said it before , and we ’ll say it again .
There may not be a better GIF than the failed gymnastics GIF .
The popular example is the backflip that just does n’t work out as planned , but if you want to take things to the next level , why not throw in a balance beam ?
That is exactly what we have here , and when this young female attempts the front flip dismount , the takeoff looks great , however the landing is anything but that as she face plants into the mat below her .
Watching it once is great .
Watching it again and again as it replays itself over and over …. priceless !
Share This
Republican Sen. John McCain , who took President Obama to task this morning for politics as usual , canceled a noon fundraiser at the offices of mega- lobbying firm BGR , presumably because it conflicted with today 's White House summit on health reform .
BGR represents a wide range of health industry interests including hospitals , nursing homes and
drug companies such as Pfizer , GlaxoSmithKline and Eli Lilly .
Probably not the best optics to leave a discussion on health reform to raise campaign money from lobbyists representing the industry .
comments closed
permalink
( CNN ) -- Bode Miller fulfilled his Olympic dream at last with a gold medal in the men's super - combined at Whistler Creekside on Sunday .
The flamboyant U.S star has been in superb form at the Vancouver Winter Games and his victory completes a full set of medals , after he claimed silver in the super - G and bronze in the downhill .
Miller , seventh after the downhill section , relegated pre-race favorite Ivica Kostelic of Croatia to the silver medal position after producing a superb slalom run .
Silvan Zurbriggen of Switzerland claimed the bronze medal ahead of teammate Carlo Janka , with reigning Olympic champion Ted Ligety of the United States back in fifth .
Super - G gold medalist Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal , quickest on the downhill , slid out near the finish to spark scenes of wild celebration as Miller realized the gold was his after drawing blank in the 2006 Winter Games in Turin .
SI.com : Gold medal proves
Bode has finally come full circle
Miller , who snubbed the official U.S. ski team in 2007 and appeared on the brink of retirement , returned to the fold last year and prepared carefully for the Games .
He added to his two silvers from Salt Lake City in his first two events and finally made his breakthrough with another virtuoso display .
" When I passed the line I did my normal thing and stood for a second and I was like , ' that was unbelievable , I can't ask for anything more ' , " Miller told reporters .
" For my first Olympic gold , it was absolutely perfect . "
Miller 's combined time of 2:44.92 left him 0.33 seconds faster than Kostelic , who won silver in the discipline in Turin behind Ligety , who left himself with too much to do after a lackluster downhill display .
SKI CROSS
The first ever gold in the new Winter Olympic sport of ski cross went to Switzerland 's Michael Schmid with Austria 's Andreas Matt taking the silver and Audun Groenvold in the bronze medal position .
Canada 's Christopher Del Bosco was the fourth member of the final but saw his medal hopes disappear when he crashed near the end of the final at Cypress Mountain .
BIATHLON
Russia 's Evgeny Ustyugov took the first gold of the tenth day with a comfortable victory in the men's 15 km mass start biathlon .
His flawless shooting display saw him cross the line ahead of France 's Martin Fourcade and Slovakian Pavol Hurajt .
Norway 's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen failed in his bid for a sixth Olympic gold as poor shooting saw him finish 27th .
The women 's 12.5 km mass start event led to a second gold of the Games for Germany 's Magdalena Neuner , who also took a silver in the sprint .
SPEEDSKATING
Ireen Wust of the Netherlands claimed the women 's 1500 m crown at the Richmond Oval as she got the better of home hope Christine Nesbitt in the final heat .
Nesbitt blew up on the final lap and failed in her bid for a second gold at the Games , finishing sixth but fellow Canadian Kristina Groves did take silver ahead of Czech Martina Sablikova .
I was sent the following press release about a new project , named PRESCIENT for Privacy and Emerging Sciences and Technologies :
Emerging technologies offer significant benefits but also risks to our privacy .
How to deal with these risks is the subject of a new three - year project funded by the European Commission .
Called PRESCIENT , the project will be considering the privacy implications of emerging technologies such as new identification and surveillance technologies , biometrics , on - the - spot DNA sequencing and technologies for
human enhancement .
“ New technologies can often be used in a way that undermines the right to privacy because they facilitate the collection , storage , processing and combination of personal data by security agencies and businesses , ” says Michael Friedewald , head of the ICT research unit at the Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research ( ISI ) and co-ordinator of the project .
“ We have seen that with the rise of social networking websites such as Facebook , MySpace and Bebo .
They have led to a dramatic increase in the amount of personal information available online , which is routinely misappropriated for identity theft or other fraudulent purposes .
We know that employers also mine these sites in order to vet prospective employees .
RFID and biometrics can also be used in ways invidious to our privacy . ”
“ The use of these new technologies is changing the ways in which we understand privacy and data protection .
It is not sufficient to look at privacy as only a legal or human right .
We need to reconceptualise privacy in ethical , social , cultural and other dimensions and to see how these different conceptualisations impact each other and how they can be bridged .
We think part of the solution is much wider use of privacy and ethical impact assessments before new technologies or projects involving personal data are undertaken . ”
PRESCIENT is the acronym for Privacy and Emerging Sciences and Technologies .
The project aims to establish a new framework for privacy and ethical considerations arising from emerging technologies .
The project will identify and analyse ethical issues posed by new technologies and discuss them with interested stakeholders and , in due course , provide scientifically based recommendations to policy makers on
how to address privacy issues of emerging technologies .
The PRESCIENT project is being undertaken by a consortium of four partners .
In addition to Fraunhofer ISI in Germany , the other partners are Trilateral Research & Consulting ( UK ) , the Centre for Science , Society and Citizenship ( Italy ) and the research centre Law , Science , Technology & Society at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel ( Belgium ) .
More details about the project are available at http://www.prescient-project.eu .
Three days after he arrived , I entered his apartment and found in the bathroom a plastic bowl full of feces and urine and soiled baby wipes .
The vanity and floor were smeared with brown .
This , apparently , was part of his process of relearning how to use the bathroom .
He insisted he would clean up the mess himself , forbidding me to touch it , an instruction I defied , since he tended to fall when he bent down .
In the kitchen , most of a pint of two - day - old ice cream lay hardened into a sticky goo on the floor where it had fallen , out of his precarious reach .
He insisted he would clean that up , too , and just had n’t got around to it .
Meanwhile , he had dropped a sheet of paper towel over the mess .
That was just day three .
My father was 80 then .
He was a bright man , strong - willed and willful , and his strength of mind had served him well .
Despite having been raised in poverty by a single mother , he got himself through college and Yale Law School , then built a successful law practice in Phoenix , where he lived for more than 50 years .
After his marriage failed , he raised three children as a single parent .
For decades , people had sought his counsel .
You could not tell him what to do .
He looked at me once , on one of many occasions when I was pleading with him to accept help , and said levelly , “ I want you to consider the possibility that I am right and the whole rest of the world is wrong . ”
In the late 1990s , after retiring from law and traveling the world , he had gotten into the habit of spending summers in Washington , where he had converted a midtown studio apartment I owned into his second home , nine miles from my house in suburban Virginia .
He and Michael and I would spend weekends exploring Asian film festivals and Jewish theater and esoteric restaurants .
As he got sicker , it made sense for him to move his base from Phoenix to Washington , because he could get around Washington without driving .
Before he arrived last spring , I did my best to prepare .
I had set up an emergency - alert button , which he accepted as an aid to independence ( but did not consistently wear ) .
After a week or two of coming in and finding urine - soaked jeans on the floor and sometimes on him , I bought him some adult diapers , which he also accepted as an aid to independence ( but did not consistently wear ) .
I asked the condo building ’s maintenance man , whom my father liked , to do housekeeping twice a week , an arrangement my father accepted because it struck him as ingenious and inexpensive .
Through a friend at work , I arranged periodic visits from a social worker with the Jewish Social Service Agency , whose competence and intelligence my father respected .
I thought I was ready , and for a few weeks , despite my initial shock over his condition , it seemed to work .
I should say that my description so far must make my father seem nothing but stubborn .
He was stubborn , but he was also charming , resourceful , generous , kind , funny , uncomplaining , and good at making friends and allies of those around him .
By enlisting friends and learning to cope , he had managed on his own longer and better , certainly , than I could have done .
He had consistently proved wrong those who told him what he could n’t do .
And Parkinson ’s , his doctors assured us , was a slow - moving disease .
Expect only gradual change .
By last year , however , the disease was moving fast .
He would eventually be rediagnosed with a particularly nasty neurological torment called multiple system atrophy , but that was later , near the end .
Until the last couple of months , no one realized how sick he was , and so his resistance to impingements on his independence was understandable .
Shame was another reason he wanted to be left alone .
As he confessed to me more than once , he felt ashamed of his condition .
One of the few times he ever cried in my presence was when he saw me on my knees , scraping hardened ice cream or jam , or whatever it was that day , off the floor .
“ I ’m sorry , ” he said .
“ I ’m sorry .
I never meant for you to scrub the floor for me . ”
January 5 , 2010 , 3:30 pm
Via the Arizona Republic , from a deposition by Sheriff Joe Arpaio :
Arpaio says he was not well versed on the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , or its counterpart in the Arizona Constitution , which prohibit unreasonable searches and seizures .
Yeah , no kidding .
This is just kind of bizarre .
I get the whole ghost - writer thing , but at least Obama actually seems to have read the book that was ghost - written for him :
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio has not read the book he co-authored in 2008 , which includes information on Arpaio 's philosophy on America 's immigration problem and how to cope with the nation 's porous borders .
Arpaio's lack of familiarity with the book , " Joe 's Law - America 's Toughest Sheriff Takes on Illegal Immigration , Drugs and Everything Else That Threatens America , " was among the revelations to emerge from a nine - hour deposition the sheriff gave as part of a racial - profiling lawsuit filed against the Sheriff 's Office .
Update :
There is a spin in the article that Sheriff Joe is just a delegator , like any good corporate executive .
I am generally considered to be far more comfortable with delegation than average , and even I know a lot more about my business than Sheriff Joe does about his .
Part of the reason is likely that I do n't spend 95 % of my time on media and PR events to boost my name recognition at public expense .
And you can be dang sure that I know certain pieces of legislation that are important to my business , like the Fair Labor Standards Act and the Service Contract Act , better than my lawyers .
Have you filled out your “ 2010 Congressional District Census ” yet ?
It ’s arriving this week in mailboxes in Minnesota , New York and Washington state .
At first glance , it might appear to be related to the upcoming once - a - decade count of every man , woman and child in the United States .
It ’s not .
It ’s a Republican fundraiser and opinion poll .
And it has some local Democrats crying foul .
They ’re calling for a federal investigation .
“ This is as egregious as it gets , ” said Luz Maria Frias , director of St. Paul ’s Department of Human Rights and Equal Economic Opportunity and the city ’s point person for raising awareness of the federal 2010 U.S. census .
“ Between now and April 1 , there will be an inundation of census information , and the timing of this is really suspect .
It smells . ”
Frias , an appointee in a process controlled by Democrats , said she worries the mailing will confuse or even frighten people , especially immigrants and less - educated residents .
She fears it will lead to fewer people filling out the real census forms .
The decennial enumeration can carry massive political consequences , and partisan overtones have surrounded the effort for months .
The Republican National Committee defended the mailing .
“ The document clearly indicates that it is an RNC mailer , ” spokesman LeRoy Coleman said in a statement .
“ The purpose of this document is to gather Republican opinion from across the country and raise a little money . ”
Inside the envelope , which is labeled “ DO NOT DESTROY — OFFICIAL DOCUMENT , ” beneath “ 2010 Congressional District Census ” and above the relevant congressional district and alphanumeric “ Census Tracking Code ” ( which appears to be meaningless ) , appears the smaller - type phrase : “ Commissioned by the Republican Party . ”
The four - page form asks 36 political questions , followed by “ Section V , ” which asks for a donation to the Republican National Committee .
For its part , the U.S. Census Bureau is staying neutral on the matter , and it ’s unclear if it will take any formal action .
“ We kind of wish it had n’t come out , ” said Dennis Johnson , director of the regional census office that covers Minnesota .
“ But we do n’t think there will be a lot of confusion because we have a big informational campaign to make people aware of the official census . ”
Most Minnesotans will receive their U.S. census questionnaires in mid-March , perhaps earlier in isolated rural areas , with a request to mail them in by April .
Local awareness campaigns have included fortune cookies with paper slips that urge people to fill out their confidential forms .
The Census Bureau also will have a presence this weekend at the St. Paul Winter Carnival .
When asked whether the agency might issue some sort of formal objection to the GOP mailer , Johnson replied , “ I ca n’t speak to that .
I do know that at the top level , our most senior officials , including director ( Robert ) Groves , are looking at ( the mailer ) . ”
During the summer , the Better Business Bureau issued an alert about a similar “ 2009 Congressional District Survey , ” also issued by the RNC .
The organization called the mailing “ misleading . ”
Billions of federal dollars are at stake in the census , and in Minnesota , participation could determine whether the state loses one of its eight congressional seats .
Federal officials use the census to determine where federal funding goes , and lawmakers use it to redraw state and federal legislative districts .
U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann , a Republican , this year essentially called for a boycott of the constitutionally mandated census because it does n’t require respondents to take an oath that they ’re here legally .
But it could be the 6th District Republican ’s seat that ’s in play if the state loses a seat and Democrats control the redistricting process .
Nationwide , leaders of urban areas , who are often Democrats , have contended that lower census response rates among minorities , immigrants and the poor have led to less money and representation .
Some Republicans have accused Democrats of trying to game the system by pushing for population estimates , instead of actual headcounts .
“ It should n’t be partisan , ” said St. Paul City Council President Kathy Lantry , a Democrat .
“ The census should be ‘ Just the facts , ma’am . ’ ”
Lantry sent a letter Thursday to the U.S. Postal Service , Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson , Minnesota U.S. Attorney B. Todd Jones and census director Groves calling for an investigation for “ possible mail fraud ” and “ impersonating a federal agency . ”
Lantry ’s husband , also a Democrat , received the mailer this week .
She said she initially thought it was “ the census ” and got giddy .
“ Call me weird , but I got excited , ” she said .
“ I got out a pen and got ready to fill it out , and then I saw the first question and was like , What ? ! ”
ONLINE
Is the GOP mailing misleading ?
See it for yourself at TwinCities.com .
Minimum Recommended OS Microsoft Windows 8 ( 64 - bit ) / Mac OS X 10.13 or higher Microsoft Windows 10 ( 64 - bit ) / Mac OS X 10.15 or higher Processor Intel Core i5 -3330 or AMD A10 5700 Intel Core i7-9700 or AMD Ryzen 5 3600 Memory 8GB RAM 16GB RAM Graphics NVIDIA GeForce GTX 650 / AMD Radeon HD 7750 ( 1GB VRAM ) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 / AMD Radeon RX 580 ( 6GB VRAM ) Network Broadband Internet connection Broadband Internet connection Storage 2GB available space 2GB available space Resolution 800x600 1920x1080 Avg. FPS 30 60
Note : Driver features that can boost frame rates like “ Enhanced Sync ” by AMD or similar should be disabled in order to guarantee a smooth Gameplay experience .
1 2 next »
Happenings : FOSS at CeBIT 2010
by Chris von Eitzen
The H attended this year 's CeBIT trade show on the world 's largest fairground in Hannover , Germany and had the chance to meet up with a wide variety of people from the open source community , including free and open source software ( FOSS ) developers , project members and commercial open source companies .
This year 's CeBIT , held each spring since 1986 , took place from the 2nd to the 6th of March , 2010 in in Hannover , Germany .
CeBIT , an acronym for " Centrum der Büro - und Informationstechnik " , which means " Centre of Office and Information technology " , is the world 's largest trade fair showcasing the latest in information technology ( IT ) products and solutions from more than 4,150 companies from 68 countries .
The trade show is held on the Hannover fairground which features its own railway station , 5.3 million square feet of covered indoor space and consists of 27 halls and pavilions plus a convention centre with 35 function rooms .
Building upon its success last year , free and open source software projects and companies were once again highlighted in Hall 2 , showcasing their latest products .
While there ,
The H reported on a number of open source operating systems , applications and even the latest Android - based Home Tablets from ARCHOS .
A full list of The H's CeBIT 2010 coverage is available at the end of page two of this feature .
The CeBIT Open Source Forum
The CeBIT Open Source Forum in Hall 2 .
The CeBIT Open Source Forum , a prominent feature in the Open Source area of Hall 2 , featured several lectures , demonstrations and keynote speeches on several topics , from Open Source in data centres and security , to web browsers , mobility and multimedia .
The H attended several of the Open Source Forum sessions , including the introduction of the latest 6.3 release of the popular Knoppix Live Linux distribution by Knoppix creator Klaus Knopper .
The special ' CeBIT Edition ' of Knoppix features an updated Linux kernel and several non-standard programs , such as the beta for Google 's Chrome web browser , additional drivers for NVIDIA graphics cards , Adobe Reader and Adobe Flash – all at the request of Linux Magazine which sponsored the release .
Following his presentation , The H sat down with Knopper and discussed Knoppix , ADRIANE ( Audio Desktop Reference Implementation and Networking Environment ) and his current projects .
Knoppix 6.3 " CeBIT Edition " .
Knopper , also a professor at the Kaiserslautern University of Applied Sciences , bashfully says that he still finds it hard to believe that an entire community of users around the world use his Linux distribution .
While he does not track the number of ISO downloads off of his site , he says that he does often check the number of users that accept the GPL license before the download – adding that the number of users accepting the license averages approximately 23,000 per day .
The included ADRIANE software for vision impaired users , named after his wife , includes optional support for Braille devices allowing those without vision to , for example , access the internet , email , send and receive SMS messages , and scan and read printed materials .
It 's aimed at being a free alternative to expensive and closed source commercial software , which Knopper says often cost tens of thousands of Euros to develop and deploy and often only supports reading scanned documents .
According to Knopper , the next version of Knoppix – either 6.3.1 or 6.4 depending upon how many features are added – could be available as soon as the end of March or early April .
Knopper also gave a separate presentation on the lightweight LXDE desktop used in Knoppix .
The CeBIT Open Source Forum : LiMux Project deputy project leader Florian Schießl .
During his presentation , Mozilla 's European Marketing Manager Patrick Finch discussed why users should take a serious look at the non-profit organisation 's Firefox web browser .
He talked about what makes it different to other browsers and the foundation 's current Open to Choice campaign that encourages users to get the facts about their browser , get involved and why browser choice matters .
Deputy project leader Florian Schießl from the LiMux Project , which oversees Linux migration in Munich , the capital of Bavaria , talked about " OpenOffice.org for Munich " , its successes , and the recent switch to the OpenDocument Format .
Other presentations included sessions from Debian developer Alexander Reichle - Schmehl on the Debian GNU / FreeBSD operating system ( OS ) , Ben van T’Ende from the TYPO3 Association on the TYPO3 Enterprise content management system ( CMS ) , as well as a presentation by Free Software Foundation Europe ( FSFE ) Fellowship Coordinator Matthias Kirschner titled " 8 misunderstandings about Free Software – ( or are they lies ? ) " .
The complete programme of lectures , demonstrations and keynote speeches is available online .
Next - Companies , Projects and Developers
1 2 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-948946
As you can see , Rockstar San Diego has been hard at work making sure nearly every stock Western character is represented in its upcoming sandbox game Red Dead Redemption .
Everybody from the shifty federal agent to the snake - oil salesman is here , but fortunately there appear to be a few nice tweaks .
While the loudmouth deputy is n't necessarily a different take on what we 've seen before , Nastas could prove to be an interesting character if he 's truly conflicted about his place in the world .
And we can't wait to see what kind of " unfortunate habits "
Zhou is burdened with .
A love of opium would be the obvious and gratingly stereotypical one ; let 's hope Rockstar gets a bit more creative .
They 've certainly subverted expectations in the past , so we wo n't be surprised if the developer is n't satisfied with sticking with the safest character paths .
Also , here 's a quick look at some of the weapons players will be able to use in the game .
He said : " It is crazy that the science curriculum for 16 - year - olds does not even mention the words physics , chemistry or biology .
Photo Gallery Berlin Robbers Stage Spectacular ' Amateurish ' Heist
Four men armed with pistols and a machete robbed a Berlin poker tourmanent on Saturday and made off with 250,000 euros .
It was a spectacular heist , not because it was done well , but because it was so amateurish .
The robbers left behind a wealth of clues and police are confident they will catch them .
Historias de reportero | Carlos Loret de Mola
Jueves 25 de marzo de 2010
Que aterrice en la noche un Hércules de la Fuerza Aérea Mexicana en el aeropuerto de Washington .
Que CNN difunda : “ Extraoficialmente se sabe que ya llegaron y dormirán aquí el secretario de Defensa , Galván Galván , y el jefe de inteligencia de Los Pinos , Tello Peón ” .
Que la mañana siguiente se junte toda la prensa anglosajona para ver bajar de la escalinata del TP - 03 a la canciller Patricia Espinosa en un elegante traje sastre .
Que arribe Gómez Mont tras haber declarado que la National Guard ha fracasado en su intento por detener el tráfico de drogas en Estados Unidos .
Que los titulares de los periódicos se muestren expectantes a la reunión bilateral .
Que un legislador republicano diga en el Capitolio que es el inicio de una invasión .
Que se cierre la avenida Pensilvania para el paso de los convoyes del Estado Mayor Presidencial , el FBI , el Secret Service y la policía de DC custodiando a los funcionarios mexicanos que van a Estados Unidos a revisar por qué no funciona su estrategia antidrogas , que está generando graves peligros en la seguridad nacional de México .
Porque , la verdad , ya estuvo bueno de que en Nueva Orleáns el índice de homicidios por habitante sea del triple que todo Sinaloa .
Que haya 20 millones de estadounidenses consumidores regulares de droga , y mexicanos 4 millones .
Que en 2008 las autoridades de México hayan decomisado 20 mil armas a los narcotraficantes en nuestro suelo , de las cuales , 90 % fueron fabricadas y vendidas en Estados Unidos .
Que existan 6 mil armerías en ciudades y pueblos gringos que hacen frontera con México .
Que en EU el narco genere 64 mil millones de dólares anuales y no se sepa de un operativo fuerte en Wall Street contra el lavado de dinero .
Que el vecino del norte no haya detenido en su suelo a un solo gran capo de la droga .
Que se haga de la “ vista gorda ” con el hecho de que las familias de los líderes de cárteles , y muchas veces ellos mismos , viven tranquilamente en McAllen , San Antonio , Laredo y El Paso .
Que no haya un concejal , un congresista , un alcalde , un gobernador perseguido por sus vínculos oscuros con el crimen .
Que en este contexto de fracaso en la lucha contra la droga , el presidente Obama presupueste gastar en Irak y Afganistán 320 veces más que lo que aporta a la Iniciativa Mérida .
Y por encima de todo , que exista la percepción de que el gobierno de Estados Unidos tiene históricamente , a través de la DEA , arreglos y negociaciones con los narcotraficantes para que operen en determinadas rutas y zonas , sin manchar de sangre a su ciudadanía , mientras en México ya están muriendo inocentes por la batalla policiaco - militar que se libra contra ellos .
Ya estuvo bueno .
Que les hagan una visita .
Y les digan : está bien , somos corresponsables en la solución a su problema .
SACIAMORBOS La estrategia antidrogas del alcalde nuevoleonés : poner la seguridad en manos de un cártel para que tunda al rival .
Otro panista que , ya en el poder , actúa como priísta .
It might have arrived four decades late but this is a remarkable collection .
The 12 studio tracks were recorded by Jimi Hendrix in 1967 and 1969 with the Jimi Hendrix Experience ( Noel Redding on bass and Mitch Mitchell on drums ) and , when he fell out with Redding , Hendrix 's African - American army buddy , Billy Cox , on bass , sounds like a natural fifth album after Are You Experienced ( 1967 ) , Axis : Bold as Love ( 1967 ) , Electric Ladyland ( 1968 ) and the live Band of Gypsys ( 1970 ) .
It has the same unique guitar playing , which still sends shivers up the spine and has done for every rebellious 16 - year - old guitar hero over the past four decades .
It has the same incendiary hard - rock sounds that made Hendrix so distinctive and it reaches deep into the language of Chicago blues for inspiration .
If this album , released by the Hendrix estate 40 years after the guitarist 's death , had been released in 1969 it would have been lionised as another important chapter in the Hendrix evolution .
By the time of these recording sessions , Hendrix 's importance as a player was well established ( it is now widely accepted that his major innovative contribution was to view the electric guitar as a unique instrument with a broad palette of sounds rather than just an electrified acoustic guitar with a solid body ) .
This is an album of well - recorded material ranging from glorious electric blues , such as a cover of Elmore James 's Bleeding Heart ( with every note infused with Hendrix 's distinctive vocals and guitar playing ) , through a marvellous , near - seven - minute - long instrumental version of Cream 's Sunshine of Your Love ( the similarity between Cream and the Jimi Hendrix Experience is a reminder of the kind of heavy riffing , blues - saturated sound that was the stock - in - trade of British rock in the late 1960s ) , to the remarkable Valleys of Neptune , which , when released as a single in February , reached No. 1 in the US ahead of Lady Gaga .
Of the rest , there is a sharp , funky version ( with Cox on bass ) of Stone Free , which was originally released as the B- side to Hey Joe in 1966 .
But all this rock history should be irrelevant .
The album stands up as a legitimate and valid recording because Hendrix , rare among hard - rock guitarists , could really capture a sense of the immediacy and urgency of a live performance in the cold and clinical surroundings of a studio .
This album is remarkably fresh and emotionally intense .
As John McDermott points out on the excellent cover notes that chronicle the history of these recordings : " These are not his last recordings and these are not his lost recordings .
We 've been very careful about that .
But it 's important to recognise that these are also not sketchy one - guitar demos .
This is real stuff that he obviously felt very strongly about . "
No Hendrix fan will be disappointed .
Wild eyes
Corrections to this article
TWO compelling documentaries illuminate the dilemmas facing Africa 's dwindling white tribes .
One is set in Zimbabwe , the other in Kenya .
The first film , “ Mugabe and the White African ” , is the more straightforward and should be shown as widely as possible to help end one of Africa 's great tragedies : the ruin of one of the continent 's most successful countries and the moral bankruptcy of the governments of the nearby states ( bar plucky Botswana ) for failing to isolate and oust a vile dictator .
It shows how a brave film company , embedding itself with a beleaguered family of white farmers off and on for a year , can bring to life the horrors that have befallen an entire country .
Like the large majority of the 5,000 - odd white farmers who stayed on after Robert Mugabe became prime minister in 1980 and later president , Mike Campbell and his son - in - law Ben Freeth acquired their farm and the regulation government certificate showing that no black citizen also sought to buy the same farm , which then became Zimbabwe 's largest producer of mangoes and employed 500 locals .
When a man with ministerial connections claimed the property for himself a few years ago , Messrs Campbell and Freeth refused to go , prompting a campaign of intimidation , arson and assault , including the beating up not just of the two farmers but also their wives , all horrifically shown on screen .
When they took their case to a tribunal of the Southern African Development Community , a 15 - nation club including both Zimbabwe and South Africa , and won , Mr Mugabe 's thugs ignored the verdict and burned down the farmsteads .
Much of this is covertly filmed , sometimes by the farmers themselves , with wobbly camera shots enhancing the sense of chaos and terror .
It is impossible to watch without feeling sympathy for the farmers and their loyal but terrified black workers , and revulsion for the barbarities of Mr Mugabe 's regime .
A shocking postscript is that , although the film is to be screened on British television 's Channel 4 , no cinema in neighbouring South Africa , which could stop Mr Mugabe in his tracks , has yet seen fit to air it .
The Kenyan film , “ Murder on the Lake ” , is more intriguing and complicated .
Already screened on the BBC and elsewhere , it looks at the murder in 2006 of a famous wildlife photographer , Joan Root ( pictured ) , who was shot in her home beside Lake Naivasha , the centre of Kenya 's flower industry .
The film offers a tangled web of whodunnit theories .
What is certain is that in the last decade of her life , Mrs Root set up a local task force to wage a harsh but ecologically admirable campaign against fish poachers destroying the lake 's resources .
When she was made to disband the force , some of its aggrieved members turned against her .
But she had made other enemies along the lake .
It has never been clear who killed her .
The film shows the ecological and social turmoil of modern Kenya : the success of horticulture on the lake 's edge , at a cost of draining the lake 's waters ; the growth of the riparian village from a one - horse town to a seething metropolis of 350,000 in a couple of decades , creating tribal tension and mass poverty in burgeoning slums ; the greed and corruption of politicians and police ; and the resentment of many locals who feel that white conservationists care more about wild animals than people .
Above all , it highlights the awkwardness of the role of the engaged white person in the midst of a society that is still , in many respects , at odds with Western norms .
Is there room for the Joan Roots , let alone the Mike Campbells , in modern Africa ?
One hopes so .
Africa needs both of them .
But , judging by this pair of films , one cannot , in the long run , be too confident .
Corrections : “ Mugabe and the White African ” has not , as we originally wrote , been shown on the BBC .
In fact Channel 4 will be showing it .
This was corrected on March 5th 2010 .
Our article also implied originally that it was a Zimbabwean production ; it is in fact a British one .
This was corrected on July 19th 2011 .
Jordan Silverman
Dan Scott
To some , Dan Scott is an artist who exercises his First Amendment right of free speech by photographing people in public places .
To others , he ’s a creepy voyeur whose surreptitious shutterbuggery makes some people , especially young women , uncomfortable .
So much so , in fact , that last week Burlington police issued him a trespass order barring him from dozens of businesses on the Church Street Marketplace .
Scott ’s case raises a fundamental question about civil liberties , artistic expression and the reasonable expectation of privacy in public places :
Is it right , or even constitutional , to prevent someone from transacting business in downtown Burlington , not because he ’s been convicted of any crime , but simply because someone finds his behavior rude or “ unsettling ” ?
Scott , 32 , is an art photographer from St. Albans who works full time at the U.S. Social Security Administration office on Pearl Street .
For the last year or so , he ’s spent many of his lunch hours shooting artsy , black - and - white photos of people on Church Street : homeless people , the elderly , families with children , anyone who catches his eye .
He insists that all his photos are taken on public property , not inside stores or through the windows or blinds of private homes .
Occasionally , Scott asks his subjects ’ permission to be photographed .
“ And if they tell me ‘ no , ’ I go away , ” he says .
However , he admits that much of the time , his pictures are candid shots taken from a distance with a telephoto lens so his subjects are n’t aware they ’re being photographed .
Over the years , some of Scott ’s photos have been published in local publications , including the Burlington Free Press and Seven Days .
However , most are taken for fun , not for profit , he claims , as a way of developing his photography skills .
“ Look , I ’m not doing anything to try to embarrass people or demean them , ” he says .
“ I ’m just trying to capture the human condition as it presents itself in the marketplace . ”
Scott claims his troubles began on January 26 while he was shooting pictures outside the Burlington Town Center .
As he tells it , a mall security guard came outside and told him that he was n’t allowed to take pictures of the mall .
Scott informed the guard that , in fact , it ’s his constitutional right to take pictures on a public street , regardless of what ’s in the background .
The Burlington Town Center ’s general manager later confirmed that the mall ’s no-photography policy only applies to its interiors .
Shortly thereafter , Scott recalls , two Burlington cops questioned him about who he was , where he works and what he was doing there .
“ I said , ‘ I ’m not doing anything illegal .
This is pretty much protected speech , ’ ” he says .
But the following day , Scott reports , another Burlington cop showed up at his office and questioned him for 45 minutes .
He claims that officer asked him what kind of pictures he takes , whether he photographs young children , and if he ever posts those pictures on the Internet .
Scott told him that he occasionally takes pictures of families with children , and sometimes posts them on Flickr , a website for photography enthusiasts .
“ He thought that was just despicable , ” Scott notes .
About a month later , during a February snowstorm , Scott shot some pictures of a woman smoking a cigarette outside Uncommon Grounds on Church Street .
Scott claims he was about 50 feet away when the woman , an employee of the coffeehouse , noticed his camera and asked him not to take her picture .
Scott claims he backed off .
But the woman also asked Scott to delete the pictures he ’d already taken of her .
He refused .
The following Monday , March 1 , a Burlington police officer again showed up at Scott ’s workplace , and this time issued him a one - year universal trespass order that bans him from 67 establishments on the Church Street Marketplace .
If Scott enters any of them , he could be arrested .
“ If I had been drunk and gone into Uncommon Grounds and created a loud scene , I can understand why they would n’t want me in there , ” Scott says .
“ But I was n’t even in the store .
I was n’t even in front of the store . ”
Manager Mara
Bethel tells a different story .
“ We ’ve had a problem with him a number of times before — taking pictures of women , specifically , on the sneaky side of things — without asking their permission , ” she says .
“ A number of customers have come in and said , ‘ There ’s a guy out there taking pictures and it ’s really creeping us out . ’ ”
Bethel confirms that Scott did n’t enter the coffeehouse to take pictures , nor does she describe his pictures as “ lewd . ”
Nevertheless , she says , Scott ’s persistence and demeanor were “ unsettling ” to her and other employees .
“ For the young women around here , it felt really uncomfortable , someone kind of lurking about , and then quickly taking their picture and turning away , ” Bethel says .
Moreover , when someone asked Scott what he was doing , she claims he became defensive and argumentative .
“ I got scared , actually , because he got really aggressive with me , not physically but verbally , ” she states .
Brenda Vinson , whose family owns Uncommon Grounds , confirms that this was n’t an isolated incident .
She says several of her employees and regulars have tried , unsuccessfully , to speak to Scott about his photography .
Lieutenant Jen Morrison with the Burlington Police Department says she ’s not at liberty to discuss the details of Scott ’s trespass order , or even confirm that he was issued one .
Oddly , it ’s not because there ’s a criminal investigation pending ;
Scott has n’t been charged with a crime .
Rather , she explains , it ’s because the police do n’t decide whether to issue trespass orders ; they simply issue them at the behest of businesses and property owners .
Supporters of the universal trespass policy say it ’s been an effective tool for reducing petty crimes and minor disturbances on Church Street , primarily shoplifting and disorderly conduct .
Reportedly , it has cut down on the number of repeat offenders police have to contend with , while also serving as a powerful deterrent to would - be thieves and troublemakers .
Morrison declined to offer an opinion on the delivery method : a police interrogation at the offending person ’s place of work .
“ We can argue both sides of that until we ’re blue in the face , ” Morrison says .
“ The bottom line is , if a business owner requests that we issue a notice of trespass , we ’re OK with that .
We do n’t require that an illegality happened . ”
Ron Redmond , executive director of the Church Street Marketplace , defends the practice of barring people from stores when conduct has “ crossed the line . ”
“ There are lots of people on Church Street doing lots of things .
It ’s organized chaos and it ’s wonderful , ” Redmond says .
“ But when there are times that people express behavior that ’s inappropriate or makes people feel uncomfortable , then it ’s the time to act , given our culture and society and all the things we ’re learning about healthy choices . ”
David Mindich , who chairs the journalism department at St. Michael ’s College in Colchester , calls that approach “ blatantly outrageous …
Some guy who is exercising his First Amendment right to take pictures in a public place is being punished for it .
That ’s about as fundamental a right as I can imagine .
I have no idea what could be the possible justification . ”
Mindich admits he may not be the most unbiased person in this situation ; Scott was one of his journalism students at St. Mike’s .
Nevertheless , Mindich is flabbergasted that the Burlington Police Department is essentially validating a ban on constitutionally protected speech .
“ Church Street is , by definition , the most public place in Chittenden County , if not Vermont , ” he says .
“ There ’s no presumption of privacy .
There ’s no gray area here . ”
Indeed , many downtown businesses have their own street - level surveillance cameras , one of which helped police catch the killer of Michelle Gardner - Quinn , a University of Vermont undergrad who was abducted , raped and murdered in October 2006 .
Under the law , surveillance images of public places are not subject to public review , nor do they require anyone ’s permission or consent , even if they ’re posted online .
Why ?
As Mindich points out , the public has no expectation of privacy when they ’re on public property .
Scott intends to a file a complaint with the American Civil Liberties Union of Vermont .
“ I ’ve never had any sort of incident like this before , so it ’s a little unsettling for me , ” he says .
“ So much attention for a guy who just goes out and takes pictures . ”
Ground Mouse and Cheese Mold Looking for Medical Miracles in Medieval Manuscripts
Did monks in the Middle Ages know more about medicine than we thought ?
A German medical historian is combing medieval manuscripts looking for recipes that could be helpful today .
Pharmaceutical companies have taken a keen interest in his research .
Your maximum bid amount :
GBP
Must be £ 285 or more
Away when the auction ends ?
DomainLore will automatically place a bid for you , for the lowest amount possible up to your entered maximum amount .
Earlier bid wins , if equal .
South Africa told the United Nations in a confidential report that it seized arms traveling from North Korea by way of China , marking at least the third time a government interdicted North Korean weapons shipments since the U.N. last summer adopted harsher sanctions against Pyongyang .
The incident is likely to focus attention on China 's role in enforcing sanctions against its ally and neighbor , with which it shares a long common border .
China is by far North Korea 's largest trading partner and its most important supplier of ...
What is MicroPro ?
MicroPro is a brand name for timber that has been preserved by the correct application of an Osmose MicroPro wood preservative .
Application of the micronised copper preservative is carried out in a controlled treatment process using vacuum pressure impregnation , in accordance with BS 8417 .
Treated micronised timber is protected against wood rotting fungi and wood destroying insects .
Looks Different , Because It Is Different !
New Technology
Unlike current preservative formulations , MicroPro technology introduces the copper into the timber cells in a micronised solid format .
This results in a premium preservative which is ideal for use in residential and commercial environments were aesthetic and environmental standards are paramount .
Appearance
When micronised timber is freshly treated it is lighter in colour than traditional treated timbers .
It has the unique advantage of weathering to an attractive honey tan shade before going driftwood grey .
Advantages of Micro Pro treated wood
Lighter “ Natural ” colour .
More natural wood appearance .
Because of its lighter colour - Better stain - ability .
Better corrosion protection for exterior fasteners and hardware .
MicroShades® - Innovative micronised pigment colour choices .
Pressure treated wood colour cedar .
End uses include interior and exterior above ground , ground contact , and fresh water immersion .
Approved for aluminium contact Building code compliant .
ICC - ES Reports , ESR - 1980 and ESR - 2240 .
Maintenance Free pressure treated .
Child and play area safe indoor or outdoor ( Greenguard Certified ) .
Environmentally friendly .
The revolutionary MicroPro pressure treated wood technology offers corrosion characteristics similar to that of untreated treated wood .
MicroPro pressure treated wood is fresher and brighter with a more modern appearance , plus offers the option of MicroShades® “ in a Cedar Honey / Brown colour .
We care about the environment and treat all our sheds with micro pro to ensure longevity and a comfortable clean environment for you and your kids .
For more information visit : www.greenguard.org.
Starting a business , litigating a business dispute , and seeking a merger or acquisition are always high - stakes matters .
Running a business requires attention to detail and a focus on goals .
Your business requires and deserves timely , knowledgeable and responsive legal guidance .
Briskin , Cross & Sanford , LLC , is a full - service business , technology and commercial law firm located in Alpharetta , Georgia that provides legal services throughout the country .
We represent companies , entrepreneurs , investors , officers , franchise - owners and decision - makers at companies throughout the Greater Atlanta area .
When you need accurate and personalized legal advice from an experienced business lawyer , we are the north Atlanta law firm to which you can turn .
Izometrická 3D mapa České republiky / Isometric 3D map of Czech republic || more info about map …
MCA / Universal Pictures Americans care very little about water , because for most of our history water has been abundant and good .
But problems with infrastructure and supply are growing .
Globally , the water crisis is much worse .
We are fast approaching a world in which the most hotly - contested resource for development and survival is not oil , but water .
This is also why investors have become crazy about it , pouring huge money into water rights , desalinization , and purification projects .
KEVIN DRUM reminds us that the outsized influence of cable TV news is bizarre , since its ratings are abysmal .
Average Americans simply do n't watch it .
They watch " American Idol " .
As Matthew Yglesias points out , the only people who do watch cable TV news all the time are political professionals .
But what 's truly absurd is that those political professionals do n't watch it because they think they 'll learn something substantive .
( It is physically impossible to learn anything substantive by watching cable TV news .
It 's like trying to grow muscles by drinking Coke . )
Rather , they watch it because they think it will keep them in touch with what average Americans are watching .
I heartily applaud the judgment of the great majority of Americans in declining to watch cable TV news .
Television is fundamentally a terrible medium for communicating events and public affairs .
The demand of keeping a constant narrative flow going in real - time is poorly matched to the way things actually unfold in the world .
Back when broadcast TV was the only way to watch documentary video , people put up with the bad narrative - structure fit , because being able to watch people shooting at each other or tsunamis washing away villages is amazing .
But now that you can put that video on the internet and make it accessible on demand , either on its own or as part of a well - constructed , coherent story , it 's hard to see why anyone should have to put up with anchorpeople , or with " experts " shouting at each other from tiny split - screen boxes .
I have a TV in my office , theoretically so that I can watch one of the cable news channels .
But I have n't turned it on in six months .
As far as I can tell I have n't missed a thing , so I probably wo n't turn it on ever again .
By Elizabeth Diffin
BBC News Magazine
A lift company has pleaded guilty after a woman was killed by a faulty elevator at her gym .
But how common are lift accidents , and what can passengers do to travel between floors in safety ?
On Monday , seven years after Katarzyna Woja was crushed to death when the lift at her gym in the City of London fell between floors , ThyssenKrupp Elevator UK admitted that its failure to maintain the lift and investigate previous problems had put lives at risk .
The same day , word came that Formula One racing legend Sir Stirling Moss had tumbled down a lift shaft at his home on Saturday , leaving the 80 - year - old with two broken ankles and other injuries .
And , about a year ago , a lift accident in Tower Bridge injured its 10 passengers .
Sir Stirling
Moss suffered multiple injuries from a fall down a lift shaft Health and Safety Executive figures show 266 people have been injured in " elevator accidents " since 2002 , and four killed .
The HSE categorises " elevator accidents " as those taking place in lifts , hoisting devices and elevating work platforms .
Another 182 injuries took place in lift shafts , service ducts , and cellar hatches .
Lift surfing , or riding on the roof of a lift , is a dangerous practice that can lead to this type of injury .
Considering that the Lift and Escalator Industry Association ( LEIA ) estimates there are 250,000 passenger and goods lifts in the UK , and each makes multiple trips each day , the safety record is actually pretty good .
" If you talk about it in connection with number of journeys , then yes , you can say [ lift accidents are ] rare , " says Terry Potter , safety and training manager for LEIA .
WHAT TO DO IF TRAPPED Call for help via lift 's call button and wait patiently " The biggest danger is if you try to do a self - escape , " Mr Potter says Stopped lifts can be caused by power outages - if it goes back on while you 're wriggling out , you can be seriously injured
The most common lift - related injuries are minor and may never be reported , such as trips , bumps and pinched fingers .
" [ People ] just brush themselves off and walk away , " he says .
More serious injuries occur when something goes seriously wrong with the electrical system or safety mechanism of the lift .
Such accidents are much more rare .
As lifts are counterweighted , they should n't crash to the ground , says Mr Potter .
" You 've been watching too many Bruce Willis films .
Lifts do n't plummet down as you see in films .
It would have to be a massive failure .
It 's not just one bit of string [ holding it up ] . "
Since 1997 , passenger lifts across Europe have been governed by the Lifts Directive , which says that equipment must be maintained by the lift owner .
Passenger lifts must be examined and tested every six months by a " competent " person - such as members of the Safety Assessment Federation .
Domestic lifts do not fall under the same legislation and must be maintained at the owner 's discretion .
" What you do with it is up to you , " Mr Potter says .
" But it 's common sense that you maintain it . "
Feel the fear Although lift accidents are rare , the fear of riding in a lift remains a factor for many people .
Going down " Most phobias derive from some sort of primitive danger that 's common to all of us and engrained in our psyche , " says Dr Sheri Jacobson , a psychotherapist at London 's Harley Therapy .
Some of the most common phobias are the fear of enclosed spaces and the fear of heights - which both play into riding a lift .
Dr Jacobson thinks media coverage of lift accidents means those already wary of lifts become more afraid - even if the fault for an accident lies with the lift 's owner .
" The general culture [ is ] of lots of things being reported , so we 're aware of all sorts of hazards , " she says .
" It makes it seem more important , but it 's actually very , very small and usually has another explanation . "
Mr Potter , for his part , has a more basic theory about people 's fears : " You 're going into a box and have no control . "
All lifts in the UK are made to the same standards .
But it can be hard to spot an unsafe lift .
" There is nothing telltale about what 's a good lift , " Mr Potter says .
" [ But ] if it 's falling to pieces , maybe you 'd have to wonder . "
He says there are a few basic safety tips to keep in mind - enter and leave a lift carefully , be aware of the doors and the level of the floor , and keep your hands away from the opening .
And look before you step in or out .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I do n't like lifts .
Years ago my wife received some copies in Japanese of her father 's crime books from the publisher .
Not reading Japanese and not wanting to throw them away , I decided on a Friday on the spur of the moment to deliver them to the Japanese Consulate .
It was on the 3rd floor and there were workers clearing up .
I used the stairs , but the door to the consulate was locked so reluctantly I returned and took the lift .
No sooner had the doors closed than a loud clunk and total darkness told me that the workers had switched off the main electricity supply .
I had no mobile phone , was the only person in the building and no - one would return before Monday .
Total panic !
I got my fingers between the inner doors and wrenched them open then did the same with the outer doors , leaving them hanging by one corner .
I fled .
What people thought on Monday when they saw the vandalised lift and a pile of crime novels in Japanese on the floor of the lift I have wondered about ever since .
Graham Chambers , Luxembourg
Many years ago when I was seven , I was staying in a large hotel in Malaysia and boarded a lift on the 40th floor to travel to my parents for breakfast .
A Chinese couple boarded on the floor below mine and we started to travel down to the ground .
Suddenly all the lights when out and the lift grounded to an almighty stop .
For over an hour I sat in near darkness with two people who did n't speak my language , in a lift with no emergency help / call button .
There were six lifts in the hotel , so no one really noticed ours was n't working .
Since this I have never been able to able to travel in a lift unless it 's glass that I can see out off .
The thought of a lift journey scares me after over 15 years .
A Davis , Kent
In general terms , accidents involving lifts may be classed as rare .
I have a neighbour who fell into a lift that stopped 6/9 inches below floor level .
Six years later , and £ 15,000 less well off with having to undergo the indignity of many medical examinations , the cost of travelling and staying overnight etc , the parties involved have at last decided to settle .
The parties ?
The lift manufacturer .
The maintenance company .
The employer .
The landlord , and the lease holder .
If you are going to fall and injure yourself , never ever do it in a lift .
Chris Smith , Milton Keynes UK
Lifts can be really scary at times .
For example ( due to out fault ) we did n't read the safety ratings of a lift and squeezed six into a four - person lift .
We were horrified when the doors would n't open , as we were halfway down the exit of the top floor .
We rang the fire emergency service .
It was an embarrassing moment .
Yavuz Yildiz , Leicester I love travelling by elevator , however my wife will not enter one no matter how much I attempt to explain the safety levels .
As a result I have become familiar with many a stairwell .
We briefly split up on a visit to New York 's Empire State Building as a result , but we soon reconciled at a Broadway Theatre .
I may love a lift , but I love Dorothy more .
Morris S , Manchester , UK
If people are so afraid of lifts , then why are they in them ?
There is a simple answer - take the stairs and leave the lifts for the people who truly need them .
My wife is in a wheelchair and we waited 25 mins to get into a lift in the Bullring over Christmas .
It got to the point where I was forced to physically remove people so my wife could get out of the centre , as they were all pretending they could n't see her .
Have some consideration and be grateful you can walk up the stairs .
Nathan Monkey , Brum I was once stuck in a lift for about an hour and a half with a chain - smoking passenger who had cigarettes but nothing to light them .
We were rescued safely and the experience did n't put me off lifts .
But seeing the other bloke literally pulling his hair out and demanding that I examine every crevice of my pockets for something to light his cigarette , did put me off smoking for life .
Rob Davis , Telford , Shropshire I still prefer to take the stairs regardless of how many times the lifts work .
Apart from being less scary , it 's good exercise , and in most cases ( as I have proved numerous of times to friends , family and colleagues ) , just as quick .
Rachel , Winnipeg , Canada I have twice got stuck in lifts .
Once as a child growing up in Paris the lift in our building had a small beam of light running near the door .
If that beam was blocked the lift stopped .
My friends and I were coming back from the shops and , as a seven years old would do , one of my friends blocked it and voila the lift stopped .
Normally it would restart but on that day it did n't .
Instead of panicking we started shouting - I think my elder sister heard our shouts and called the fire brigade .
They winched us down in the basement .
A place I really hated as it was dark and dingy , at that time I thought as a punishment all three of us would be left there .
Another occasion was in Delhi - I was using a lift and got stuck in it along with a boy delivering teas .
The lift had stopped due to a power failure .
He started to panic , I told him not to worry as his tea would last us for a little while .
Then doors opened and I noticed that we were in between floors .
Our rescuer asked us to jump down .
I obviously refused because a wrong jump would see us falling in the shaft .
The boy jumped , I did not .
Power came back just a minute later and I got off that dreaded lift on the very next floor preferring to use the stairs on that day .
Rajat Thakur , London
Anyone who happens to use a walking stick or sticks should also be very careful when entering or exiting a lift in case their stick drops down in the gap between lift and outside .
This happened to a relative of mine at Gatwick airport using two sticks who fell flat on her face necessitating a hospital visit and broken bone .
Absolutely no compensation but sticks were posted back to her by the authorities .
Rick , Hook Hampshire Lifts are very safe modes of transport .
Fear of being trapped is a claustrophobic issue , not a death by falling issue .
What this does n't quite make clear was that all the accidents involving passenger fatalities in lifts did not involve a lift car falling down a shaft .
They were all caused by people falling down the shaft because either the landing doors gave way , or the lift moved away from floor level whilst the doors were open , crushing someone between the lift car and the landing landing .
You are , in fact , very safe once you are enclosed within the lift car .
You may find it uncomfortable if you become trapped , but you are not likely to die ... except from boredom of course .
Mark Doble , lift test engineer , Haxton , Wiltshire , England
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AN ELECTRONICS manufacturer with a history of making false environmental claims has been caught doctoring fridges to make them appear more energy efficient .
LG Electronics has agreed to compensate potentially thousands of consumers after two of its fridges - models L197NFS and P197WFS - were found to contain an illegal device that activates an energy - saving mode when it detects room conditions similar to those in a test laboratory .
The so - called circumvention device was discovered last month by consumer advocacy group Choice .
The device detects test conditions and activates the mode , creating the impression of lower running costs and energy usage .
The devices have been banned in Australia since 2007 .
In reality the fridge , which has a 3.5 star energy rating , costs an extra $ 250 to run over 10 years and can severely affect food quality because it can shut off when opened .
Most of us think about measuring moisture by ...
Drying the material and measure the weight loss Using a calibration and electronic instrument Using a titration method such as Karl Fischer
When using these processes , we take for granted that the results will be the product 's actual moisture .
Not always so .
Recently , I was reading about a procedure the Brazilian Agriculture Ministry ( BAM ) developed to get a very , very tight tolerance moisture determination for coffee beans .
The BAM procedure specifies placing the coffee beans in an oven for a long time -- 104° C for 24 hours .
This test was the standard against which all other coffee moisture determination methods were compared .
However , it was found that significant amounts of other volatiles were being released during the 24 - hour process , which resulted in higher - than - expected moisture readings .
The oven test standard thus over - stated the actual moisture .
The BAM also used an oven method using ground beans and an infrared loss - on - drying instrument .
As you may know , the grinding process frequently causes moisture loss .
In addition to two oven methods and the infrared loss - on - drying instrument , a Karl Fischer Titration was used .
The Karl Fischer Titration measures only moisture and eliminates the effect of volatiles .
Because the coffee beans need to be dissolved in a solvent media , the beans had to be ground -- thus inducing the aforementioned grinding error to this moisture analysis .
( If an evaporator oven had been used in concert with the Karl Fischer Titration , the whole beans would have been heated to a high temperature .
The volatiles and moisture would then have been extracted and the residual gas collected in the Karl Fischer unit .
Only the moisture would be measured using this method , thus eliminating the grinding error . )
The moisture range in the beans tested was 4.2 % to 13.5 % .
Based upon these analyses , two significant inferences were made :
1. The effect of volatiles evaporating is more significant as the moisture levels decrease .
This indicates that volatile material amounts tend to be the same at all moisture levels , thus representing a greater weight loss proportion for lower moisture samples .
2. Grinding causes moisture loss , which becomes a greater proportion of the total for lower moisture samples .
In these lower moisture samples , it was found to be more significant than the volatiles .
Most of our solids moisture measurement applications are low volatile situations .
When grinding is needed , the processes usually have a wide enough tolerance to not require grinding loss corrections .
Even though most of you do not have to contend with this kind moisture test adjustment , I thought you would be interested in the implications of these factors on the true moisture level in a sample .
Let me know if you have questions or comments .
Warmest regards ,
Art
A Swiss court has fined a multimillionaire a record $ 290,000 for speeding through a village at 85 mph in his red Ferrari Testarossa , news outlets in Switzerland report .
The fine is based on the unidentified speeder 's wealth and his previous fast offenses .
Swiss voters approved a penalty system that replaces prison for such crimes as speeding with " day fines " based on wealth — in this case $ 22.7 million .
The fine is more than double the previous record , doled out to a Porsche driver in Zürich in 2008 .
Half must be paid upfront , and the rest is linked to good behavior during a two - year suspended sentence .
" The accused ignored elementary traffic rules with a powerful vehicle out of a pure desire for speed , " the court said .
The speed limit in St. Gallen , in eastern Switzerland , is 35 mph .
Swiss news media reported that the man owns a villa with five luxury cars , including the Ferrari .
The U.K. Guardian says the speeder initially refused to appear in court , claiming that he was a diplomat from Guinea - Bissau and entitled to immunity and that his diplomatic plates had fallen off the car .
The court rejected both claims .
If you read German , here 's the original report .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
BOCA RATON'S OLDEST FIRM
SECURITIES FRAUD , ESTATE PLANNING , REAL ESTATE
New DMRS site dedicated to Stockbroker Fraud & Recovery
of Stock Market and Investment Losses
The attorneys of Dickenson , Murphy , Rex & Sloan , P.A. in Boca Raton , Florida , represent clients statewide , nationwide and globally with regard to Florida law .
Our experienced and proven attorneys provide friendly and informed guidance in a wide range of areas .
Our clients include individuals , families , corporations , lenders , large private firms , high asset investors and families across the state and across the nation .
We pride ourselves on providing quality counsel and representation .
As the oldest continuously operating law firm in Boca Raton , you can rely on our office and our attorneys to meet your individual , corporate or organizational needs .
A Wide Range of Legal Services
At Dickenson , Murphy , Rex & Sloan , P.A. we can provide the resources , the legal experience and show the proven results to handle Real Estate , Estate Planning and Administration as well as complex and specialized areas of litigation and counsel .
Whether our attorneys are closing a shopping center transaction with complex financing arrangements , recovering significant compensation for sizeable damages , or helping your organization draft a strategy , we provide a pleasant client - focused experience to help you resolve your legal issues .
We represent clients in the areas of :
Securities Fraud , Misrepresentation , and Negligence -
We represent clients who have suffered losses due to the negligence , misrepresentation or fraud of stockbrokers and brokerage firms .
It is our commitment to help you pursue your consumer rights and regain the financial security you may have lost .
Click here to read the latest news on our securities law practice .
With five highly experienced and tested lawyers , each one focused on specific areas of practice , we can provide targeted , focused and sophisticated legal representation for clients of all needs .
We operate with all the qualities you demand from a large firm , but with a boutique level of attention .
Contact Our Boca Raton Office
For legal guidance and representation in South Florida or across the nation , contact our office today at 561-391-1900 or reach us through our convenient online form .
We handle cases across the street or across the globe .
We stand ready to put a dedication to friendly client service behind your legal needs .
It must be spring – right now , my garden fountain is green with string algae .
Yet I know that once my nitrogen - gobbling water plants wake up , the algae will diminish – without my removing any of it .
If the specter of algae is casting its green sheen over your water feature , whether it ’s a fountain or acres of pond , your first and best defense is to stock up on plants that can compete with the algae and win .
The nitrogen connection
Algae live on excess nitrogen in the water .
This nitrogen comes from decomposing organic matter – everything from fish waste to falling leaves .
Lower the amount of available nitrogen , and you will lower the amount of algae .
So the first step is to keep as much decomposing material out of the water .
That ’s why many homeowners put nets over their ponds in fall .
Of course , it helps to utilize the good bacteria in a biological filter , and to keep pools tidy .
But fast - growing water plants are one of the best defenses against repeated algae blooms .
It ’s the same principle you use in lawn care :
If your grass is healthy and growing well , it wo n’t be overrun with weeds .
The green gap time
Before deciding which plants to introduce , here are a few cautions .
Algae will never go away entirely .
Your water feature is not a swimming pool .
Wherever you have sunlight , you will have algae .
And in spring there ’s always more of it .
That ’s because the good brown bacteria – the stuff that slimes your rocks – is busy breaking down organic matter and making more nitrogen available so that water plants can get a growing jump - start .
However , in cooler water temperatures – between 40 and 50 degrees F. ( 4 and 10 C ) – the algae are the first to take advantage of all that extra nitrogen .
That means algae can proliferate while your lovely plants just sit there .
But do n’t worry .
When temperatures rise higher , the plants that like the warmth outstrip the algae and claim the nitrogen for their own growth .
During this green gap time , you can skim out whatever algae is floating , but if you have the right ratio of plants to water surface , the plants can catch up and win the race .
Many experts like to see at least 40 percent of the water covered with plants by the end of the season .
This holds true for both large and small water features .
If you plant much more than that , you can end up with what one pond owner ruefully described as “ a jungle in a bog . ”
Plants to the rescue
While all pond flora get their nourishment from the water , some do a better job of sucking up nitrogen than others .
Iris , such as Iris ensata , I. versicolor , and the iris - like sweet flag ( Acorus calamus ) can compete with algae and also add structure and height .
Sedges – Carex riparia and Carex obnupta , Bowles golden grass ( Carex elata ‘ Aurea ’ ) – and rushes like Juncus effusus and the smaller Juncus ensifolius bring color and movement to the water 's edge .
Two more rushes , Typha minima and T. laxmannii , are elegant varieties that top out at two to four feet – a size welcome in many water arrangements .
As a rule , plants with larger leaf surfaces are heavier nitrogen feeders .
Consider water pickeral ( Pontederia cordata ) and arrowhead ( Sagittaria sagittifolia ) .
For luxuriant drama , try Colocasia esculenta ‘ Black Magic ’ and Canna ‘ Cleopatra ’ .
Unfortunately , your beautiful waterlilies are plants you ca n’t count on to go into battle .
Although they do discourage algae by shading the surface , they are the least effective when it comes to nitrogen uptake .
Invasiveness in water plants varies around the country .
Always check your local regulations before adding new plants to your water garden .
Mary - Kate Mackey is one of nine garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin '
It .
She is co-author of “ Sunset ’s Secret Gardens — 153 Design Tips from the Pros ” and contributor to the “ Sunset Western Garden Book , ” writes a monthly column for the Hartley Greenhouse webpage and numerous articles for Fine Gardening , Sunset , and other magazines .
She teaches at the University of Oregon ’s School of Journalism & Communication .
She writes about water in the garden for Diggin ’
It .
To read more by Mary - Kate , click here .
The Diggin '
It blog archive has everyone 's posts ( scroll down ] .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
See also our RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our next contest .
Jaycee Dugard kept a journal during her years in captivity in which she depicted her isolation , darkest fears and her longing to be free from her alleged kidnappers , prosecutors revealed Thursday .
" Why do n't I have control of my life !
I feel I can't even be sure my thoughts are my own , " Dugard , now 29 , wrote in 2004 , five years before authorities discovered she had been living in a backyard compound outside Antioch for years after being snatched off a South Lake Tahoe street in 1991 , allegedly by Phillip Craig Garrido and his wife , Nancy .
District Attorney Vern Pierson of El Dorado County , where the Garridos have pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping and rape , used the diary entries in arguing against a defense motion to learn where Dugard is living so Phillip Garrido 's attorney may contact her .
That motion , prosecutors contended , is part of a plan Garrido allegedly hatched long before his arrest to maintain control over Dugard should he ever be caught .
A $ 200 kitten
The couple sought to manipulate Dugard and gain her trust from the start , prosecutors said .
She came to refer to them as " Phil and Nancy , " Pierson said .
He cited a journal entry from July 1993 when Dugard , then 13 , wrote , " They did something no one else would do for me , they paid 200 dollars just so I could have my own kitten . "
Around that time , Dugard became pregnant with the first of two daughters she would have by Garrido , prosecutors say .
Ten years later , in September 2003 , Dugard wrote of her longing for freedom and her fear of emotionally hurting Phillip Garrido .
" I do n't want to hurt him , sometimes I think my very presence hurts him , " she wrote , according to prosecutors ' motion .
" So how can I ever tell him how I want to be free .
Free to come and go as I please .
" Free to say I have a family , " she continued .
" I will never cause him pain if it 's in my power to prevent it .
FREE . "
' Like I 'm sinking '
On July 5 , 2004 , Dugard wrote further about her inner crisis and loss of identity .
" It feels like I 'm sinking , " she wrote .
" I 'm afraid I want control of my life ...
This is supposed to be my life to do with what I like ...
But once again he has taken it away .
" How many times is he allowed to take it from me ?
I am afraid he does n't see how the things he says makes me a prisoner ...
Why do n't I have control of my life !
I feel I can't even be sure my thoughts are my own . "
The prosecutors ' court filing also describes the elaborate " cover story " they say the Garridos developed to conceal Dugard and the two daughters from outsiders .
The three were instructed to run to the " hidden backyard if anyone ever came to the door , " prosecutors wrote .
Dugard was to " tell people that the girls were hers and that she was OK with them being around Phillip Garrido . "
Post - arrest plan
Garrido emphasized that if he were ever arrested , Dugard was to request an attorney " so that his attorney and her attorney could communicate without law enforcement knowledge , " prosecutors wrote .
That element of the plan , prosecutors say , is being played out in the recent defense motion to allow the Garridos to talk to one another and to learn Dugard 's whereabouts .
The defense motion described the relationship between the Garridos and Dugard and her children as being similar to a family , where the children were home - schooled , had pets and a garden , took vacations and went to the library .
Pierson said Phillip Garrido is a " master manipulator " and the defense is " aggressively attempting to contact "
Dugard , despite her emphatic desire to not have any such contact .
The prosecutor wrote in a sworn declaration that he spoke to Dugard on Monday and told her Garrido had said he does not " harbor any ill will " toward her or the girls and " loves them very much . "
Effort to manipulate ?
Dugard took the message as another effort to manipulate her , Pierson wrote .
" I 'm not following the plan , " she told the prosecutor , according to his declaration .
Phillip Garrido's lawyer , Deputy Public Defender Susan Gellman , wrote in an e-mail that contacting witnesses is a routine part of her job and necessary for building a defense .
" For the district attorney to hint that it is somehow improper or nefarious is disingenuous , to say the least , " Gellman wrote .
" I am not the ' tool ' of any man , as has been intimated in today 's filing . "
Users who went to google .cn were automatically being sent to google .com.hk .
Google ’s search engine in Hong Kong provides results in the simplified Chinese characters that mainland Chinese use .
Chinese in Hong Kong use the traditional characters , which can contain more strokes and are more difficult to read and write .
Government firewalls either disabled searches for highly objectionable terms completely or blocked links to certain results .
That had typically been the case before Google ’s action , only now millions more visitors were liable to encounter the disrupted access to an uncensored site .
Some China experts say they were perplexed by Google ’s handling of the crisis , given its stated goals of keeping business operations in China .
David M. Lampton , director of China Studies at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , said it was not surprising for China to balk at the idea of an American company using Hong Kong , and China ’s own “ one country , two systems ” policy , as a way around censorship .
“ That would be seen as fundamentally politically subversive in China , ” Mr. Lampton said .
“ I am not sure whether it was an attempt by Google to give the Chinese a way out , but instead it magnified the political controversy . ”
Others said Google ’s move also put Chinese authorities in a difficult situation , as the government might be wary of agitating loyal Google users in China , who tend to be highly educated and vocal .
“ To block Google entirely is not necessarily a desirable outcome for the government , ” said Mark Natkin , managing director of Marbridge Consulting , a technology research firm in Beijing .
“ It ’s going to boil down to whether authorities feel it is acceptable for users to be redirected to that site without having to figure it out themselves . ”
The potential loss of cellphone search customers could prove particularly painful over time , analysts say .
As on PCs , Google makes money on mobile phones when people click on its ads .
If carriers like China Mobile and China Unicom remove Google as their principal mobile search service , it could cut Google ’s mobile business .
Kurt Westergaard 's cartoons have been widely reprinted A Danish newspaper has apologised for any offence caused when it reprinted a cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad with a bomb - shaped turban in 2008 .
Politiken said it was apologising as part of a settlement with Muslim groups in the Middle East and Australia .
Other Danish newspapers criticised Politiken for its move .
Twelve cartoons of Muhammad were initially published in 2006 , sparking widespread protests by Muslims in various countries .
Politiken - and other papers - republished one in 2008 when police uncovered an alleged plot to kill cartoonist Kurt Westergaard .
Politiken 's pathetic prostrating before a Saudi lawyer takes the first prize in stupidity
Joern Mikkelse
Editor - in - chief of Jyllands - Posten Editor - in - chief Toeger Seidenfaden said on Friday : " We apologise to anyone who was offended by our decision to reprint the cartoon drawing . "
He told the Associated Press ( AP ) news agency that the paper still had the right to publish .
" We have the right to print Kurt Westergaard 's drawings , we have the right to print the original 12 drawings , we have the right to print all the caricatures in the world , " he said .
" We apologise for the offence which the reprint has caused .
That is what we apologise for . "
The editor - in - chief of Jyllands - Posten , the paper which originally published the cartoons , was highly critical of Politiken .
Joern Mikkelse said : " Politiken 's pathetic prostrating before a Saudi lawyer takes the first prize in stupidity . "
In 2006 Jyllands - Posten apologised for the offence caused by the drawings , but other European media reprinted them .
Speech setback Danish embassies were then attacked by Muslims around the world and dozens killed in riots .
On Friday , the Danish Union of Journalists described Politiken as " kneeling before opponents of the freedom of press . "
Mr Westergaard expressed disappointment : " I fear this is a setback for the freedom of speech , " AP reported him as saying .
He went into hiding after publication amid threats to his life , but emerged in 2009 saying he wanted to live as normal a life as possible .
His house has been heavily fortified and is under close police protection , but on 1 January 2010 a Somali man was charged with trying to kill him .
The suspect , was shot by police outside Mr Westergaard 's home in the city of Aarhus after he allegedly broke into the house armed with an axe and a knife .
Police say the suspect , who denies the charge , has links with Somali Islamist militants .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Special reports
The new world disorder
Seventy - five years ago the world ’s leaders designed the peace even as they fought the war .
Today ’s leaders need to do something similar , says Daniel Franklin
They 've used biologically - infected chocolate , silencer - fitted pistols and bombs concealed in mobile telephones .
Who would have thought the latest weapon of choice of Israel 's assassins would be the humble hotel pillow ?
During my four years covering the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , the most common hardware used against Hamas leaders was the US - made Hellfire missile or the even more devastating one - tonne bomb .
The Hellfire certainly lives up to its name .
Punching through the roof of a moving car , it shreds and incinerates everything and everyone unfortunate enough to be inside .
Then there is the ' sledgehammer ' .
I will never forget the stench rising from the ruins of the Gaza apartment block where Saleh Shehadeh lived .
A few hours before an Israeli F - 16 had dropped a one - tonne bomb on the high - rise building , instantly transforming it into rubble and killing the Hamas military commander and 14 others , including nine children .
Some of those kids were the source of the stench , their little bodies quickly rotting under the debris in the sweltering Mediterranean summer .
The ' sledgehammer ' had taken care of Saleh Shehadeh .
But as Palestinians would remind me : " This is the life in Gaza . "
It still came as a surprise to read that Israel 's latest assassination weapon was a pillow .
When a squad of alleged Mossad assassins smothered Hamas commander Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel room last month it reminded me of another elaborate Israeli hit - like the killing of al - Mabhouh it involved fake identities , forged passports and a foreign capital .
Unlike the hit on al - Mabhouh the weapon of choice was a poison aerosol spray , the target was the most senior Hamas leader of them all , and the assassins botched the job .
To tell you this story I have to go back to March 2006 and a secret carpark rendezvous in the Syrian capital Damascus .
" We sit , and we wait . "
George stretched out his legs and closed his eyes .
I 'd been waiting for this interview with Khaled Meshaal for months - a few more minutes would n't hurt .
Next to me was George Baghdadi , my fixer and partner in this cloak and dagger adventure .
We were sitting in a mini-van at the foot of Mount Kassioun in northern Damascus .
Damascenes believe this stunning range was the scene of the world 's first assassination .
Legend has it that Mount Kassioun was where a jealous Cain murdered his brother Abel , his blood seeping into the soil and creating the rich red vein of rock visible on the mountainside today .
We would soon be winding our way up this very mountain to meet a man who 'd survived the assassins .
But first , we had to wait .
After a quarter of an hour we were roused from our torpor by a shiny black Mercedes jerking to a stop beside us .
All of its windows were blacked out , except for a small circle in the corner of the driver 's window .
The driver 's face soon appeared in this transparent porthole .
He nodded - a sign for us to follow .
We lurched into gear and began grinding up Mount Kassioun , through the rich red vein of Abel 's blood .
Somewhere on the mountain Khaled Meshaal was waiting for us .
Ironically it was Israel which had helped put Khaled Meshaal on the Hamas throne .
He 'd arrived there by a process of elimination - he was the most senior leader of the Islamist movement still breathing .
Israel had killed the rest , including Meshaal 's mentor and Hamas ' spiritual leader , Sheikh Ahmed Yassin ( I 'd interviewed him too , just weeks before the Hellfire consumed him ) .
But that did n't mean Meshaal was immune from state - sanctioned assassination .
He too had been in Israel 's cross -hairs .
The attempt on his life reads like the elaborate plot of a Frederick Forsyth novel - two Mossad agents posing as Canadian tourists , an aerosol spray filled with poison , and an antidote exchanged for the lives of the would - be assassins .
Walking into his office suite in the Jordanian capital one day in 1997 , Khaled Meshaal was approached by a young blond - haired man on the street .
Before the Hamas leader knew what was happening the man struck .
He sprayed a poison into Meshaal 's ear and turned to flee .
But his bodyguards pounced , and both of the Israeli agents ended up in Jordanian custody .
But within hours the head of Hamas would be gravely ill in hospital .
Under threat that their agents would be executed , Israel agreed to hand over the antidote which saved Khaled Meshaal 's life .
So who ordered Khaled Meshaal 's death ?
The answer is the same man suspected of authorising the assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai last month - Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
So Khaled Meshaal slipped through Israel 's elaborately knotted noose and I would soon be able to ask him about his great escape .
We pulled up outside a spacious villa on Mount Kassioun .
Inside Meshaal 's safe house our gear was searched thoroughly , with special attention given to the camera and its batteries .
Ushered into a room we were served sweet tea and Arabic sweets .
Then in swept Khaled Meshaal .
He was sandwiched in between his Praetorian guard , each minder armed with a small machine gun which bulged from under the armpit of his jacket .
" Hello .
Thank - you for coming .
It is nice to meet you . "
Meshaal spoke in clipped , rehearsed English .
He smiled .
Israel blamed this man for hundreds of deaths - the brutal murders of women and children in horrific suicide bombings .
Having arrived in Jerusalem in 2002
I 'd seen Hamas 's handiwork - buses peeled open like sardine cans and cafes coated in a mixture of food , blood and body parts .
I interviewed Khaled Meshaal for nearly an hour .
At the end I asked him whether he feared that Israel would make another attempt on his life .
Meshaal smiled and replied in Arabic .
" We are not afraid of death , and I saw death in 1997 ...
Israel 's killing of our leaders gets us closer to our victory and it will not make Israel closer to theirs .
Israel loses when they kill our leadership .
My life is no more valuable than that of a Palestinian child in Gaza or Jenin .
I am just part of a wider struggle to regain Palestine . "
The interview was over .
Meshaal whispered into the ear of one of his bodyguards .
The minder strode out of the room , returning seconds later with two bags - presents for me and my cameraman Craig Berkman .
Inside each bag were two boxes - one was full of baklava ( Arabic sweets ) , the other contained a water colour picture of the al - Aqsa Mosque , the holiest Muslim site in Jerusalem and the most potent symbol of Hamas 's goal of creating an Islamic Palestinian state .
I left knowing it was my first and last interview with Khaled Meshaal .
My four years in the Middle East were coming to an end , and besides , surely it was only a matter of time before Israel 's assassins came hunting for him again .
But for now he seems to have eluded the Hellfire missiles , booby - trapped phones , and lethal pillows of Israel 's assassins .
Wind power has made incredible inroads into the U.S. energy system thanks to big , efficient machines standing hundreds of feet tall .
But the future of wind power may be underground .
In the abandoned mines and sandstones of the Midwest , compressed - air storage ventures are trying to convert the intermittent motions of the air into the kind of steady power that could displace coal .
Compressed - air energy storage plants use compressors to store electricity generated when it 's not needed .
The air , pumped into large underground formations , is like a spring that 's been squeezed and when it 's needed , it can deliver a large percentage of the energy that it received .
The first and only such plant in the United States went online in 1991 , and though the technology did n't take off , it did prove that it worked .
And now , combining cheap wind energy and compressed - air storage could create a potent new force in the electricity markets .
" This is the first nonhydro renewables technology that can replace coal in the dispatch order , " said David Marcus , co-founder of General Compression , a new company that received $ 16 million in funding from investors including the utility Duke Energy to build a full - scale prototype of their energy storage system , which would be deployed with arrays of wind turbines .
The dispatch order is how grid operators decide which power plants to switch on .
They have to balance the amount of generation and consumption or they risk the grid 's stability .
The amount of power people use goes up and down , but it stays above a certain level all the time .
To meet that need , utilities buy consistent always - on power from the large , cheap coal and nuclear power plants that are the backbone of the electric grid .
The electricity they need to meet the peaks in energy demand is generated by what are known as peaking plants , usually powered by natural gas .
When the wind is blowing , it is usually the cheapest peaking power available , so it keeps the natural gas plants shut off .
If they want to replace coal plants in the pecking order , though , they 'll have to work all the time .
And to do that , they 'll need a way to unlink themselves from the on - again , off - again nature of the wind .
" It 's a fractal problem , " said Marcus .
" You have intermittency problems on every time scale . "
That problem has brought compressed - air energy storage roaring back .
Marcus ' company has a long way to go before they can turn their prototype system into the kind of technology that can be deployed at the nation 's vast wind farms .
But compressed air storage of one type or another is on the verge of becoming a mainstream power technology .
The nation 's largest energy storage option right now is pumped hydroelectricity .
When excess electricity is present in a system , it can be used to pump water up to a reservoir .
Then , when that power is needed , the water is sent through a turbine to generate electricity .
The U.S. electric system has 2.5 gigawatts of pumped hydro storage capacity , but most of the good , cheap sites are already occupied , and creating new reservoirs is not environmentally benign .
While wind farmers say storage is n't technically necessary until the amount of wind power on the grid exceeds 20 or 30 percent of the electrical load , private analysts , the Electric Power Research Institute , and the Department of Energy have identified grid - scale storage as a key need for the rapidly diversifying electricity system .
And going forward , compressed - air energy storage looks like the cheapest option available .
Independent analysts have come to similar conclusions .
" CAES is the least cost , utility - scale , bulk - storage system available .
If other factors such as its low environmental impact and high reliability are considered , CAES has an overwhelming advantage , " one Department of Homeland Security physicist concluded in a 2007 paper in the journal Energy ( .pdf ) .
In the last four months , four projects have gotten new funding .
In December , the rights to a long - awaited project in Norton , Ohio , were purchased by First Energy , a large utility in the area .
The Norton project could store 2.7 gigawatts of power in an abandoned limestone mine .
In California , PG&E received a $ 24.9 million grant from the Energy Department to build a 300 - megawatt plant in Kern County .
New York State Electric and Gas received $ 29 million for a similar facility in the town of Reading , New York , using an existing salt cavern there .
The Iowa Stored Energy Project received a $ 3.2 million forgivable loan from the state and will finish drilling its first research well in the next month .
The plan is to attempt to store energy in porous sandstone , just like the 1.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas that lie beneath the surface of the United States .
The man behind the technology slated to be used in the two Energy Department - backed projects is engineer Michael Nakhamkin , founder of Energy Storage Power Corporation .
He designed the only U.S. compressed air storage plant , in McIntosh , Alabama .
That plant was built in the late 1980s by a very small southern utility , the Alabama Electric Cooperative .
They had a unique problem , Nakhamkin said , in that their daytime load far exceeded their nighttime load , by a vast amount .
The big coal plant they needed to meet the daytime demand made too much power at night .
Turning down the plant at night was n't a good solution because coal plants work most efficiently at full capacity , and turning them down makes them dirtier .
And even with the plant at full power during the day , the utility still had to buy power from other companies to meet their peak daytime demand .
But with a storage plant , they could use the extra electricity made at night to satisfy their daytime peak demand .
Based on the first commercial plant ( .pdf ) ever built in Huntorf , Germany , the Electric Power Research Institute and Nakhamkin 's engineering firm came up with a plan to store compressed air in a salt dome in Alabama .
They created a geological pocket 900 feet long and up to 238 feet wide in the dome by pumping water into it to dissolve the rock salt .
When the ( briny ) water was pumped back out , the salt resealed itself and they had an air - tight container : " The solution - mined cavern is a large subterranean pressure vessel , " as an EPRI report explained .
During off - peak times , electricity runs a compressor which pumps the air down into the cavern .
Then , when energy is needed , the air is released from the reserve to power a fairly standard turbine , with a little help from natural gas .
The system has worked for more than 25 years .
In 1991 , when the plant went online , there were high hopes that the technology might catch on among utilities .
' We expect the CAES plant technology pioneered in Alabama to lead to widespread application in this country , " said Robert Schainker , the manager of the Electric Power Research Institute 's Energy Storage Program in a press release announcing the plant 's completion .
' Three fourths of the United States has geology suitable for underground air storage .
At present , more than a dozen utilities are evaluating sites for CAES application . ''
But with low fossil fuel prices and little intermittent renewable energy on the grid , there was n't much incentive for utilities to build the plants .
The plant saved money for the Alabama Electric Cooperative , but it was n't " critical savings " as Nakhamkin put it .
" Rich people do n't talk about how to save five or 10 dollars , " he said .
Planning for the Iowa Stored Energy Project began in 2001 , but at the time , it just did n't make economic sense for the small municipal utilities involved .
" Without a lot of renewables , the business model for CAES is not that strong , " Holst said .
With wind sometimes producing as much as 15 percent of Iowa 's electricity , the case for the business gets stronger every day .
Nakhamkin thinks the time has come for compressed air to take off , particularly with the new plant designs that incorporate the data from the McIntosh plant .
" We analyzed several years of plant operation and from this , we generated a second generation of CAES technology , " he said .
" It 's much more reliable and much more adjustable for the smart grid , for solar energy and a variety of wind power plants . "
Images : 1 ) Proposed Iowa compressed air plant ./ Iowa Stored Energy Project .
2 ) Compressed air plant in McIntosh , Alabama . / Iowa Stored Energy Project .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
How to Correctly use a Water Pik for home use in Periodontal Health By : Paul Rubin , DDS , MIAOMT
I produced a short instructional video primarily for my own patients ’ use , but I ’d like to share it with any Academy members who may be interested in using it in their practice .
It focuses on instructions on how and why to correctly use a Water Pik for home use in periodontal health .
If other offices are like ours , when we want our perio patients to use a WaterPik at home , it ’s very time consuming to teach them the correct method .
Even then , often they do n’t really get it , and come back after using it ineffectively .
A video on You Tube is something you can show in the office and / or give them the link to watch at home .
You can encourage them to re-watch it over time if their technique “ slips . ”
Although the video features the Water Pik , it does mention that other devices also work well such as Via Jet and HydroFloss .
It just needs the right tip used and the right technique ( rather different from any instructions in the box ) .
Hire Us
PPP offers the highest quality polling at the most affordable price of any company out there .
Contact Tom Jensen at tomj@publicpolicypolling.com or 919-744-6312 to discuss your project .
Sandra Bullock thanked Jesse James when she accepted her Academy Award three weeks ago , and he cried and smiled proudly , which made him look like a real scumbag in hindsight because it turns out he was banging some dirty whore the whole time .
Wait did I say “ whore ” ?
I meant to say “ whores ” .
Another Jesse James mistress has been discovered and this one has hired power attorney Gloria Allred !
The new mistress had a several year affair with James , she charges , that ended just recently .
And yes , there ’s proof .
Hundreds of text messages , emails and photos .
Allred said : “ I represent a beautiful model and businesswoman .
She had a three year intimate relationship with Jesse James .
“ He pursued her and had strong feeling for her .
She is in the process of trying to decide if she will come forward .
She has proof of their relationship including hundreds of text messages , emails and photos .
The relationship JUST RECENTLY ENDED after the scandal broke . ”
Hopefully this new one is a brunette too because most of Tigers whores were blond and hair color is starting to be the only way I can remember which whore belonged to who .
I ’m sure this new one will be a real treat , just like Bombshell .
No wonder Sandra is in hiding .
One ugly girl has the fighting power of three pretty girls .
It ’s not like they ’re worried about scars or anything .
So Sandra is now outnumbered 12 to 1 .
She should probably move to Brazil or something .
what to expect 3 by Lucia_M Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
One last visit with Lucia for us , before she takes herself and her startle of new life into the business of birth .
Before the storm and the chaos , these peaceful times hold sway .
Tight and full flesh of breast and belly , tender , ready places , pleasure at her fingertips .
Infinite journey , laughter upon relief .
home made ; explicit content ; solo
the promise 2 by Faith_B Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions Eva and Faith have such similar body types to one another that only the subtle differences in skin and hair colour , and a few identifying tattoos , can help me tell them apart .
I love the proud look on Faiths face as she slips her fingers inside Eva and watches her bloom into desire - theres nothing better than the feeling of knowing what your lover wants , and giving it to them .
Deep. fantasy & adventure ; explicit content ; friends
Eslunas Video Profile by Esluna Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
I feel like Eslunas not the only one to discover eroticism through animations - is nt there something just so disarming about sexy cartoons ?
It s so amazing to hear about Esluna re-discovering her squirting abilities , but honestly , I could listen to this beauty talk about anything .
Tell me more about that vacuum cleaner ... loose ends ; discreet content ; solo
let down your hair 2 by Melanie_K Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
I am absolutely hypnotised watching Melanie watch herself - completely , and totally lost in her contemplation .
I find myself clicking back to rewatch again and again to see her thoughtful gaze , her hands on her breasts , on her slim waist , and exploring inside her undies .
And then , as she progresses , watching herself slip her toy in and out of herself , watching the thick creamy wetness well up , her arousal visualised .
home made ; explicit content ; solo
Luci_A's Video Profile by Luci_A Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions Was Lucis childhood friend a secret plant from Ifeelmyself.com ?
 Have you ever felt yourself ?
You can feel yourself to make you feel good touch yourself like this or that , use your fingers , it can make you feel good . 
Seriously what if she was me , gone back in time to help Luci learn the tricks that would bring her to this very moment ... trippy .
loose ends ; discreet content ; solo
bed dance 1 by Maggie_Finn Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
Weve been anticipating Maggies IFM debut since we first had the pleasure of receiving her photos over at Ishotmyself.com .
Her country - fresh aesthetic , combined with the subtle sensitivity of her mind , and the creativity of her photographs , all captivated us - just like a woman glimpsed briefly in the street , making us wonder .
Today , we get to know .
studio ; explicit content ; solo
letting go 1 by Katharina_D Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
The simplicity and beauty of Katharinas completely naked body is almost soothing in these moments - the natural effect of her pubic hair , untouched , and the smooth flowing movements of her as she disrobes and prepares herself for orgasm .
It doesnt stay soothing for long though - as Katharina introduces her suction toy , the effect is a whole lot more arousing than relaxing .
home made ; explicit content ; solo
Pee Break 0102 by Olive_S Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
Some flows are fast , and some are slow .
Some are strong and some aim low .
Sometimes you need to take a break , under a tree , atop a crate , and let it go , no matter how , a flow , a stream , relief , for now .
home made ; explicit content ; solo
lightness of being 2 by Alice_Field Click image to stream video .
Quality depends on connection speed .
Login or Join to Download High - Res Versions
I love how rough Alice can be with her nipples , switching from that intense sensation to ultra sensitive tickles and teases for the rest of her body .
The contrast is incredibly stimulating - that , and Alices smiles and hums of satisfaction , and the way she stretches and pulls her labia , and her beautiful pink flush , her full strawberry blonde bush the list goes on and on .
And my god , that orgas .
I think theres a new star in town .
studio ; explicit content ; solo
There are a lot of contenders for most uncomfortable moment in Lindsay Lohan 's upcoming BBC documentary about child trafficking in India , but I think the bit that will have most viewers kicking their televisions is when Lohan is hugging a very young girl on her knee , listening to her describe a life spent begging on the streets of Calcutta .
The shaven - haired girl is explaining that her parents would beat her unless she went out every day to earn money , but it's hard to concentrate on what she 's saying because what 's happening behind her is so distracting .
Lohan is rubbing her already - red eyes , spreading mascara around the place , twitching her eyebrows .
" Um. Um . Oh my God , " the film star says , her lips wobbling uncontrollably .
A disembodied hand pops into the screen to pass her a tissue .
" Um . How did she feel ?
Um .
How did they treat her ? " she asks , beginning to sob .
The small girl turns to look at her in bemusement .
The translator gives an embarrassed laugh and says to the girl : " She 's crying for you .
Why do n't you comfort her ? "
So we watch as the puzzled child dutifully strokes Lohan 's long mane of golden hair .
" Oh my God ! Oh my God ! "
Lohan says , with a husky gasp .
" Sorry , I 'm having a moment . "
Mercifully , the camera is then switched off .
The BBC has made a compelling film about the rising problem of child labour in India , explaining how the country 's economic boom has fuelled a surge in demand for cheap , docile workers , which has sent traffickers rushing to the nation 's most impoverished rural regions .
A parade of young girls and boys give powerful accounts of how they were made to work 14 hours a day , ill - fed , and , on occasion , forced into prostitution .
Campaigners criticise the Indian government for failing to tackle the issue .
The material is potent and persuasive , and it's a great film except for the constant , distracting presence of Lohan , whose teary face keeps hoving into view , muttering horrified " wows " .
Justifying its unexpected decision to hire Lohan ( better known for what is euphemistically termed a party lifestyle ) to front the documentary , the BBC argues that this is about creating a wider interest in poverty and development issues , and it's true that her involvement has whipped up a lot of pre-broadcast publicity .
It is also true that most of this interest has focused on her , not on the issues , and has been wholly negative .
Child trafficking is a growing problem in India , so it would be great if a lot of people grit their teeth , watch the programme and feel inspired to do something about it .
But do n't take the actor 's advice on the best way to show support .
At the end of the film , a rather unwell - looking Lohan is not entirely sure what people should do to help , and suggests : " Twitter ?
There 's Twitter . . . "
Better , I think , would be to give money to savethechildren .
in
CUSTOM LIGHTSABERS FROM ULTRA SABERS : THE GALAXY'S GREATEST LIGHTSABER ARSENAL
Construct a Lightsaber from millions of combinations to find your true calling as a Jedi Master !
Ultra Sabers is known throughout the galaxy for our high - end Lightsabers .
Whether you 're searching for a custom lightsaber blade to call your own or a Star Wars FX Lightsaber replica conversion , UltraSabers is ready to bring you the most " elegant weapon , for a civilized age . "
Choose your hilt and construct your blade with our Obsidian Soundboard , the best Lightsaber sound effects board on the market , and show your true colors with the newest revolution in Lightsaber LED saber technology : our Diamond Controller .
Construct a weapon that fits all Lightsaber combat styles in the Star Wars universe , Jedi and Sith alike .
Whether you are looking for a weapon to use in lightsaber duels or a replica energy blade , UltraSabers has every option for every Star Wars fan .
JREF Swift Blog
... just a very bad wizard .
During a recent episode of The Dr. Oz Show , Oz discussed Reiki — an alternative medicine that Oz says might be the “ most important alternative medicine treatment of all . ”
Oz explained to the audience that his wife was a Reiki master , and from time to time she uses the treatment on him .
“ I ca n’t even tell when she ’s treating me .
Sometimes she secretly treats me , ” says Oz .
After a brief introduction to this alternative “ energy medicine , ” Oz introduces Reiki master Pamela Miles .
At this point , there is a lady from the audience — with a headache — sitting in a chair in front of Miles .
Before Miles treats the headache she explains , “ Reiki is a balancing practice , and so rather than addressing the headache or whatever else is the problem , what it does is influences the person ’s overall system towards balance . ”
After a brief intro on basic Reiki , Miles performs her magic , and presto :
The lady ’s headache is gone .
Vandervaart et al. ( 2009 ) conducted a systematic review to try to evaluate whether Reiki produces a significant treatment effect .
The researchers concluded , “ The serious methodological and reporting limitations of limited existing Reiki studies preclude a definitive conclusion on its effectiveness .
High - quality randomized controlled trials are needed to address the effectiveness of Reiki over placebo . ”
Lee et al. ( 2008 ) conducted a systematic review with the aim of critically evaluating the evidence for the effectiveness of Reiki .
The researchers found insufficient evidence to suggest Reiki as an effective treatment for any condition .
Assefi et al. ( 2008 ) looked to see whether Reiki was a beneficial fibromyalgia treatment .
Surprise , surprise the study found that Reiki offered no therapeutic effects .
There is no valid evidence that shows Reiki is beneficial for any condition .
Of course , in uncontrolled , non - blinded studies , there could be some benefit via placebo effect .
Why does
Oz make these types of pseudo - scientific claims ?
It might have something to do with TV .
ratings and big money .
More words of wisdom from ( and about )
Oz from “ The Not So Wonderful Wizard of Oz , ” at skeptologic.com :
Alternative medicines , Dr. Oz says , deal with the body ’s energy — something that traditional Western medicine generally does not .
“ We ’re beginning now to understand things that we know in our hearts are true but we could never measure , ” he says .
“ As we get better at understanding how little we know about the body , we begin to realize that the next big frontier … in medicine is energy medicine .
It ’s not the mechanistic part of the joints moving .
It ’s not the chemistry of our body .
It ’s understanding for the first time how energy influences how we feel . ”
Not quite what you would expect from a scientist .
However , the fancy rhetoric seems to work on many people .
Oz attracts a large audience , sells tons of books , and might just be Oprah ’s favorite doctor .
Behind the enigmatic smile : National Portrait Gallery to display 16th century work which has given up its secret after 400 years
The queen wears a magnificent gown and a faint , enigmatic smile ‑ but then she knows what she really holds in her hands , a secret revealed again to the world after more than 400 years .
Many portraits of Elizabeth I show her holding a posy , a conventional symbol of virginity or virtue .
The National Portrait Gallery has discovered that in this portrait Gloriana originally held a far more disturbing object ‑ a serpent twined around her fingers .
A serpent can sometimes represent wisdom and judgment , as in the serpent and staff symbol of medicine , but in Christian iconography it is more often a symbol of sin or even the devil .
The unknown artist , painting around the late 1580s , clearly had a last - minute panic about the ambiguity of the image : the scaly blue - green and black serpent was painted out , and replaced with the safe ‑ if slightly oddly shaped ‑ posy .
Tarnya Cooper , curator of 16th century paintings at the gallery , who has led the research into several Tudor portraits about to be redisplayed , says the serpent is a unique attribute in portraits of the queen .
" The portrait of Elizabeth I with a hidden serpent is a really unusual survival .
Yet it is difficult to know exactly why the serpent may have been originally included , or how common this motif might have been .
The queen certainly owned jewellery and costume including emblems of serpents , which were probably understood as a symbol of wisdom .
However , no other portrait of Elizabeth appears to depict her holding a snake . "
The gallery has owned the portrait for a century , but its condition is poor and it has not been on display since 1921 .
It will now be included in an exhibition opening later this month , Concealed and Revealed : The Changing Faces of Elizabeth I , of paintings made from the 1560s until just after the queen 's death in 1603 , which have all been altered in some way .
The x-rays that drove the serpent out of its lair also revealed another secret : the queen 's exceptionally bumpy forehead is because of the inner woman trying to get out .
The portrait was painted over an earlier , unfinished painting of another woman , probably by a different artist : the eyes and nose of the lost woman can just be seen in the queen 's forehead .
Cooper said : " The recent technical analysis on these remarkable portraits has been critical to our understanding of Tudor painting . "
The artist may never have seen the queen in the flesh ‑ and certainly , the art historians believe , never saw the serpent .
Concealed and Revealed , National Portrait Gallery London , 13 March
Jump to follow - up
Balance in reporting | Call You and Yours | Report on regulation | Cancer video
In the wake of the report by the Science and Technology Committee ( STC ) on the lack of evidence for homeopathy , and the Chinese medicine poisoning , the BBC carried at least three very bad reports .
Being a strong supporter of the BBC that saddens me .
Nevertheless it has to be said that the BBC does not always do very well on science reporting .
Too many of the reports are anonymous - you do n’t know who to blame or who to write to .
Worse still , the BBC ’s reports on its web site usually fail to link to original sources .
This is unforgiveable : the ability to link to sources is the huge advantage of the web over print media .
The problem of balance in media reports
The question of balance is important .
Ofcom imposes an obligation that reporting should reflect the balance of viewpoints .
Section 5 of Ofcom ’s broadcasting code says ( emphasis is mine ) .
“ Section 5 : Due Impartiality and Due Accuracy and Undue Prominence of Views and Opinions ”
“ To ensure that news , in whatever form , is reported with due accuracy and presented with due impartiality . ”
“ Meaning of “ due impartiality ” : “ Due ” is an important qualification to the concept of impartiality .
Impartiality itself means not favouring one side over another .
“ Due ” means adequate or appropriate to the subject and nature of the programme .
So “ due impartiality ” does not mean an equal division of time has to be given to every view , or that every argument and every facet of every argument has to be represented . ”
The BBC Trust has a very similar definition of " due impartiality " .
It seems to me that in practice producers tend to use " equal time " too much , and that this often gives a quite misleading impression of the state of play of informed opinion .
Nevertheless , inappropriate use of “ equal time ” is so common that it would not be worth a formal complaint .
This post concerns cases of very unequal time ,
Somebody said recently , it is as though after an air crash one gave equal time to the air accident investigator and a representative gravity - deniers association .
That is scarcely an exaggeration of what happened on the BBC after the STC ’s report .
Worse still , far more time was given ( especially on ‘ Call You and Yours ’ ) to the viewpoint that any scientist , indeed any informed person , would regard as quackery .
This post gives details of three examples of highly partial reporting and it is the basis of complaints to the BBC .
But since complaints to the BBC about science reporting rarely get far , a complaint
is being sent also to Ofcom .
(1) Call You and Yours : a platform for herbalists
You and Yours is often quite a good programme , They did an excellent job on a " snoring remedy " which I had unearthed .
But on Tuesday 23 February they did a " Call You and Yours " phone - in programme which was badly researched and highly partial .
The presenter , Julian Worricker , did n’t know enough about the topic to ask the right questions , though I ’d guess that the blame for the poor quality must lie more with the person who decided that the only " expert " on the programme was a herbalist , and with the people who screened the phone calls .
The programme was billed as being a reaction to the case of a Chinese medicine practitioner who poisoned a patient , and to the publication of the report of Science and Technology Select Committee which damned homeopathy .
The programme can be heard here ( at you own risk of bursting a blood vessel ) Download mp3 file ( 43.6 Mb )
The major mistake was that the only " expert " on the programme was Michael McIntyre who is chair of the European Herbal & Traditional Medicine Practitioners Association .
McIntyre is a well known advocate of alternative medicine , who constantly fudges the need for proper evidence .
He is very keen to increase the respectability of herbalists ( like all alternative practitioners , he is desperate to be accepted as a real doctor ) .
In fact McIntyre does n’t even represent all herbalists . .
He failed to mention , and the presenter apparently did n’t know , that 2553 herbalists ( as of 24 Feb ) signed a petition that opposes the sort of pseudo - regulation the McIntyre wants so desperately .
" We the undersigned strongly object to the Government ’s proposals to statutorily regulate herbalists and change section 12 ( 1 ) of the 1968 Medicines Act . "
Not to mention this was a serious error on the part of the researchers for this programme .
This was a programme about alternative medicine in which the ONLY expert was a notorious alternative medicine advocate .
It was one of the most highly biassed programmes I have ever heard from the BBC .
McIntyre most certainly does not represent the views of science or medicine , as shown , for example , by the submission from Sense About Science , the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges , the Institute of Biomedical Science , the Medical Research Society , the Medical Schools Council , the Physiological Society and the Royal College of Pathologists .
The opinion of these not insubstantial people was not mentioned anywhere in the programme .
Here is a summary of the main points in the programme .
It shows the bias very clearly .
Furthermore the people who selected the phone calls seemed to pick almost all people who advocated alternative medicine .
(1) A lengthy anecdote relating a miraculous “ cure ” of fibromyalgia with homeopathy .
No challenge or alternative interpretation was offered .
(2) A pharmacist ( for heavens sake ) who said she ’d " seen results " from homeopathy and did n’t care whether or not it was placebo .
She was n’t challenged on the problem of lying about whether or not is placebo .
We ’ve had cause before to worry about the quality of advice given my pharmacists .
(3) Another long anecdote from a nurse (! ) claiming to have been " cured " if fibroids by acupressure and cupping .
No challenge or alternative interpretation was offered .
(4) Then some emails read out , mostly pro-quack .
Only one claiming no effect ( in asthma ) but that was an anecdote too .
Mostly more miracle cures .
(5) Michael McIntyre has the first of several long speeches .
advocating more research .
There was an advertisement for his web site " promotes best practice " ( allegedly ) .
He talks quite seriously about " reflexology " and so on , as though it were real subject ( it is n’t ; its " principles " are made - up fantasies ) .
He said .
" We need more research in how complementary medicine works " .
Notice the inbuilt assumption that it does work .
This is directly contradicted by the fact that the USA has spent over a billion dollars on CAM research and come up with not a single useful treatment .
Why did the researchers and the presenter not know about this , and challenge McIntyre ?
Once again , the programme researchers seem to be Incompetent .
(7) A caller was mildly critical of fact the Norwich council ca n’t to anything about claims made by TCM shops ( actually Trading Standards could , but generally do n’t , but this was n’t pointed out to the caller ) .
(8) A caller from Somerset makes the good point that alternative medicine becomes just medicine once it is shown to work .
(9) Michael McIntyre is challenged about evidence , and gives a lengthy speech about why proper RCTs are n’t necessary .
They are necessary , but he is n’t challenged .
Plus the usual excuse about lack of money for trials .
What about that billion dollars ?
( 10 ) The Somerset caller says why restrict yourself to herbs ?
Good point , but no response .
( 11 ) McIntyre gives another long speech in which he propagates the myth that the impurities in herbal medicines are in some way helpful , or synergistic , This is the only justification that herbalists have for giving impure drugs , but there is n’t the slightest evidence to think it ’s true .
McIntyre should have been challenged about this , but was n’t .
At no point was McIntyre challenged about the danger of giving drugs ( herbal or otherwise ) in unknown doses , as herbalists do .
He should have been challenged .
( 12 ) Worker ( unspecified ) in NHS psychiatry says placebos were used to get patients off drugs .
The presenter misses the point by asking if the placebos should be paid for by the NHS .
The question he should have asked is about ethics of deceiving patients , but presenter did not do this .
( 13 ) A blatant advertisement from a " health food store " in Barnoldswick .
The owners are " pharmacy technicians " ( since most pharmacists seem to have difficulties about evidence ,
this ca n’t be regarded as a high qualification ) .
They plug the supplements ( almost all unnecessary , a few dangerous ) that they sell .
( 14 ) McIntyre again .
Says something more or less sensible about drug interactions .
( 15 ) By this time I ’d emailed and got in a quick bit about the valuelessness of anecdotes , but was .
cut short before I could talk about regulation .
( 16 ) McIntyre defends anecdotes , predictably enough .
This time the presenter did raise a good point about how anecdotes should be verified by proper tests but McIntyre again evades the main point that most herbs have not been properly tested , and is n’t challenged .
( 17 ) More emails .
A man who takes sage for sore throats .
One says " of course homeopathic remedies are placebos but placebos work " ; " homeopathy is an extraordinary system for industrialising
the placebo effect , but used by responsible practitioners it has a valuable place " .
Once again the ethics of deceiving patients with hocus pocus in order to elicit a placebo effect was not raised .
And one caller raised the usual red herring about dogs responding .
This , yet again , went unchallenged .
Why was n’t it pointed out that it is the human who reports the state of the dog who has the placebo response ?
( 18 ) Then on to regulation .
The researchers and presenter seemed to be quite unaware of the near - unanimous opinion of scientists and also of the Royal College of Physicians , that regulation in the form
proposed by the Pittilo report will be ineffective , and will do more to harm patients than to safeguard them .
There is more than one way to regulate , and this uninformed intervention was especially
unwelcome at a time when the government is considering the question .
( 19 ) Lady with MS said that acupuncture did n’t do her any good at all , but she did n’t like to tell the acupuncturist .
But the obvious conclusions were not drawn .
( 20 ) Presenter asks McIntyre leading question " it does work for some and not for others " .
No hint there that the ones it " works for " might be the ones who were going to get better anyway .
McIntyre himself actual pointed out that some forms of MS ( ‘ relapsing ’ ) undergo spontaneous remissions but of course fails to draw the obvious conclusion that any .
He apparent effect of acupuncture could well have been a spontaneous remission .
He went on to say ( without any evidence ) that " acupuncture may help " .
He relied on the standard line that " more research needed " , but failed to mention the vast amount of research that has already been done which shows that acupuncture is probably little more than a theatrical placebo .
See , for example , the Nordic Cochrane Centre review and Barker Bausell ’s book , Snake Oil Science .
( 21 ) An email points out that anecdotes are no substitute for proper tests .
McIntyre then misquotes Sir Michael Rawlins ( chair of NICE ) .
He claimed , as most quacks do , that Rawlins had endorsed anecdotes as an acceptable form of evidence in his lecture .
This is not what he said at all .
In fact Rawlins was referring to treatments that had already passed RCTs and saying that they should be followed up in the wider population of patients to see if they lived up to their initial promise .
This interpretation of his words was published in the BMJ after I ’d checked it was correct with Rawlins himself .
In the same lengthy speech McIntyre claimed " There really is n’t any dummy acupuncture " .
This is absolutely untrue , but was not challenged .
Huge ingenuity has gone into devising retractable ‘ stage dagger ’ acupuncture needles , as well as trials that use real needles inserted in the " wrong " positions .
One of the most consistent findings in CAM research is that sham acupuncture is not distinguishable from " real " acupuncture .
McIntyre , needless to say , did n’t mention this , He should have been challenged but was n’t .
( 21 ) Declan Naughton ( Kingston University ) advocates greater " regulation " .
" If we have trained herbal practitioners " it will make it safer for everyone .
Thw revelation of what is actually taught on these degrees shows that , on the contrary , they endanger patients ,
He claims that use of purified antibiotics leads to problems with drug resistance .
There is n’t the slightest reason to think that resistance has anything to do with purification , This was a red herring but went unchallenged .
I notice that Naughton has published in Medical Hypotheses , a journal for wild speculations that is not peer - reviewed
( 22 ) Donald Kerr a TCM practitioner , supports McIntyre in looking for statutory regulation .
" like the GMC " .
He is not challenged on the extent to which real medicine and TCM have a sound basis .
Like most alternative medicine advocates , he goes for the usual diversionary tactic of criticising western medicine which he refers to as " prescriptive medicines " [ sic ]
( 23 ) London herbalist Michael Simmons .
His web site claims that " Medical Herbalists are trained in the same diagnostic skills as orthodox doctors b " .
This is simply not true ,
The fact that herbalists claim it is true mereyl shows how they endanger patients .
( 24 ) Marc Seale , chair of the Health Professions Council ( HPC ) now appears .
he says one very interesting thing " things like false advertising would be dealt with by the regulator " .
He also acknowledged that there is a strong feeling among scientists and physicians that statutory regulation would give a " false sense of legitimacy " to the area .
This latter point was entirely missed by the programme and that seems like another example of incompetent research .
But Seale still does n’t seem to understand the problem , as outlined here and in a joint submission from Sense About Science , the
Academy of Medical Royal Colleges , the Institute of Biomedical Science , the Medical Research Society , the Medical Schools Council , the Physiological Society and the Royal College of Pathologists .
This submission opposed regulation of the sort favoured by McIntyre and Seale , but was n’t even mentioned .
Once again , all the speakers were on the same side .
( 25 .
Back once again to McIntyre , who lamented that after ten years of trying , he still had n’t achieved statutory regulations for herbalists ( to the joy of 2500 herbalists ) ,
That is simply because they have not fulfilled the requirements for statutory regulation , as laid out in the House of Lords report ( 2000 ) .
That was not mentioned either .
Agani the researchers appear not to have done their job properly .
( 26 ) The presenter , Julian Worricker , refers to Prof. Edzard Ernst as a “ divisive figure in this field ” .
That is a highly partial way to refer to the person who has done more than any other individual to bring together objectively the evidence for the effectiveness of alternative medicine .
Ernst has every scientist and every informed person behind him .
( 27 ) McIntyre again .
He misrepresents Ernst ’s views and misrepresents the strength of the evidence for the efficacy of herbal medicines , which are mostly untested ..
But he is not challenged .
McIntyre goes on to misrepresent the BMJ Clinical Evidence paper which , he says , shows that 46 % of all treatments are not proven to be effective .
It is hard to be believe that McIntyre is really unaware that a large proportion of those that were not shown to be effective are CAM treatments , herbal medicine and the like .
Professor John Garrow has pointed this out ( see , also Healthwatch )
“ It is true they chortle , but they have got their facts wrong .
The 46 % of treatments which are not proven to be effective is 46 % of all treatments for 240 common conditions – and very few are used in the NHS .
The great majority are treatments used by alternative practitioners . “
If McIntyre was not aware of this he should have been , If he was aware of it he was being less than honest .
In any case the programme ’s researchers should have been aware of it and McIntyrere should have been challenged .
He was n’t .
( 28 ) A bizarre phone call from someone who seems to think that real medicines are not labelled with their ingredients
( 29 ) Seale is asked if alternative medicine can be regulated like real medicine
He says they ’ll check degrees .
If the checking is done properly , he ’ll find endless dangerous made - up material like that revealed here .
No degrees on TCM would pass and the whole edifice would collapse .
( 30 ) Another presenter says " it all depends on peoples ’ experiences which side they are on " ..
No !
That is simply not true .
Well it may have been be true of the phone callers , but is both misleading and untrue in general , The divide is actually between those who are aware of , and care about , evidence and those who do not .
Some people actually take the questions seriously , but this comment reduced the discussion to the level of the life style section in a downmarket women ’s magazine .
One expects more of the BBC .
( 31 ) McIntyre pleads that herbal medicines must be all right because they are used widely on continental Europe .
This non sequiter went unchallenged .
( 32 ) Seale says we must wait for Department of Health consultation on Pittilo recommendations .
Quite right .
For the sake of patient safety , one must hope that the Department of Health will listen to the evidence , and not implement them , despite McIntyre ’s success in putting one side of the story on this programme .
( 33 ) McIntyre laments the fact that Europe is bringing in some very sensible regulations about herbal medicine .
Again he had free rein to air the views of some ( not all ) herbalists , with nobody there to support these sensible measures .
(2) Guilty plea in Chinese herbal ‘ cancer ’ case
This BBC web page gave a very unbalanced account of the case for and against statutory regulation < of traditional Chinese medicine .
It simply echoed the ( uninformed ) view of the judge that " more regulation is necessary " but it was apparently quite unaware that the form of this regulation is at present under consideration by the Department of Health .
The vast majority of scientific and medical opinion is against the particular form of statutory regulation recommended by the Pittilo steering group , and the author of this anonymous report should have been aware of that .
Why was there no reference to the submission from Sense About Science , the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges , the Institute of Biomedical Science , the Medical Research Society , the Medical Schools Council , the Physiological Society and the Royal College of Pathologists ?
These are bodies whose views should not have been ignored , as also the individual submissions here and here .
It may be acceptable for a judge to be unaware of this powerful body of opinion .
It is not acceptable for BBC reporters to ignorant of it .
The web page does now contain a short statement from Sense about Science which goes a small way to redress the imbalance , That was inserted only after a phone call to the BBC from a member of parliament .
(3) Woman claims that homeopathy cured her cancer
On February 23rd 2010 m the BBC showed a an utterly irresponsible item .
A homeopath , Gemma Hoefkens , claimed to have been cured of cancer by taking homeopathic sugar pills .
There was nobody to point out the utter impossibility of this claim , just some not -very - probing questions fromt the presenter .
Hoefkens promoted her own web site during the interview .
It is illegal under the Cancer ACt 1939 to claim to be able to cure cancer and this video must come very close to breaking that law .
Some interesting inconsistencies in Hoefken ’s account have been pointed out on the Ministry of Truth web site .
This was a new low point in science reporting .
Follow - up
This complaint has been sent to the BBC .
But the Ofcome web site says
“ However , we cannot consider complaints about accuracy in BBC TV and radio news or complaints about impartiality in BBC TV and radio programmes .
These complaints have to be dealt with by the BBC . ”
This seems to preclude any independent outside adjudication .
Not good .
Mark Henderson wrote a nice piece about impartiality in The Times ( Feb 4 2010 ) , “ Science Matters : The BBC ’s balancing act “ .
He expresses views that are , in many ways , similar to mine .
… long live the Plasma Shelf !
Plasma Shelf Icon
There were two main problems with the Lancelot Part applet .
The first was the name .
The name , although it does represent what the applet is technically , it does n’t really say what the applet is meant for and what it does .
So , it is problematic when you see it in the applet browser , and it is n’t any better to see it when you drag and drop a folder onto the desktop and get the options to show it in the “ Folder View ” or “ Lancelot Part ” .
Configuration
]
The second problem was that a lot of users thought that Lancelot Part does nothing ( aka does n’t work ) because when you add it by using the widgets browser , it is just an empty applet .
( nobody really bothers reading the instructions these days ) .
Now , you can use the configuration dialogue to choose what you want to be shown in the applet .
Ideas
I ’m currently having some problems wording a couple of things and I would appreciate any help you can give .
The first problem is what to put as a description for the Shelf applet .
“ Generic list which can hold various types of items ” sounds really bad :)
The second is the title for the section of the configuration dialogue shown in the image above - the section below “ show the search box ” option where you can choose which / sublists / data models / to show in the applet .
Internals
The ‘ internal ’ name of the applet ( as seen in plasma*rc files ) has n’t changed to keep the back - compatibility without the need for hooks in the configuration system to tell plasma about the rename .
The other thing I had to watch out while redoing a few things was to keep the old applet configuration structure intact .
Surprisingly , I managed it somehow .
The applet ’s source code is still located in kdeplasma - addons / applets / lancelot / parts but it will be moved to kdeplasma - addons / applets / shelf soon enough .
The national elections in Iraq on 7 March were hailed a success by Barack Obama in Washington , who was keen to continue with his policy of reducing American troop numbers in the country .
David Miliband 's comments were more circumspect , merely stating that the election campaign had been " vibrant " and praising the Iraqi people 's " determination " to vote .
Those pointing to the election results as proof that Iraq has emerged from its post - invasion turmoil should take a lesson from the pages of recent history .
The architects of the invasion , George Bush and Tony Blair , trumpeted the 2005 elections as a watershed moment that justified their decision to invade .
Instead , those elections and the parties they empowered played a major role in driving Iraq into a destructive civil war .
The ramifications of the 7 March vote are still unfolding and are starting to look much less positive than Obama had hoped .
Those who run for elections commit themselves to upholding and abiding by a common set of rules .
Democracy , if it is to mean anything , is anchored into the rule of law , transparently applied to all , without fear or favour .
The Iraqi election campaign and its aftermath both point to profound shortcomings in Iraq 's rule of law and the reluctance of key politicians to abide by the democratic rules of the game .
The first indication of problems arose in January , when the justice and accountability commission – the organisation charged with pursuing the de-Ba'athification process set in train by the Americans in 2003 – issued edicts seeking to ban 511 individual candidates and 14 party lists from the elections .
On the eve of the vote the commission banned a further 50 candidates .
Meanwhile , Ali Faisal al - Lami , the head of the justice and accountability commission , also ran as a parliamentary candidate , in a blatant conflict of interest indicative of a system where governmental institutions have been colonised by political parties and run as private fiefdoms .
The only piece of legislation passed by the Iraqi parliament to justify these expulsions was the justice and accountability law of January 2008 .
However , Lami made it clear in a public statement that the most influential politician to be banned from the elections , Saleh al - Mutlaq , was not excluded under this legislation .
Given that Mutlaq was expelled from the Ba'ath party in 1977 , helped draft the new Iraqi constitution and led a party that won 11 seats in the 2005 elections , it was difficult to see any legal logic to exclude him from the March elections .
Mutlaq was a member of the coalition led by former prime minister , Iyad Allawi , that sought to build cross-sectarian support .
This coalition had the largest number of candidates excluded by the justice and accountability commission .
Clearly , state institutions have been blatantly manipulated to favour one side in the election campaign while increasing sectarian tensions .
It has taken 20 days since the elections for the votes to be counted .
Allawi's coalition ended up as the victor , but with a lead of only two seats over the incumbent prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki .
However , the behaviour of both Allawi and Maliki during the count indicates their refusal to be bound rules that do not benefit them .
When the count looked like it was going to favour Maliki , Allawi 's organisation lodged a number of complaints alleging widespread fraud .
Maliki rigorously rebutted these allegations , stating that although no electoral process had " zero violations " and in this case they did " not change the results " .
But as the number of votes counted swung against Maliki , Allawi quickly changed his stance , saying : " The Iraqi people have honoured the Iraqiya list and chosen it to be the basis of forming the new government . "
Maliki also dramatically changed his opinion .
" No way we will accept the results , " he bluntly stated .
Instead he called for a recount in order to prevent a " return to violence " .
If anyone failed to detect the sinister threat at the heart of his statement , he issued it in his role as head of the country 's armed forces .
In 2005 and again in 2010 , Iraqis have risked their lives to vote and placed their faith in the country 's fledgling democratic system .
In 2005 and again in the last fortnight , they have been let down by their politicians .
Both Allawi and Maliki , when faced with defeat , have sought to discredit the system by alleging widespread fraud .
The UN in Iraq has repeatedly stated it cannot find evidence of systematic cheating .
Instead , it is clear that Iraq 's new ruling elite are perfectly happy to ignore their electorate 's wishes and undermine the democratic system in an attempt to maximise their chances of holding on to power .
The idea that elections are the be-all and end - all of democracy is naive at best .
At worst they are a shallow and unsustainable justification for the carnage that followed invasion and regime change .
Iraq 's new ruling elite was brought back to the country by US and British troops ; they are now presiding over a country that has repeatedly gone to the polls but received precious little beyond politically motivated violence , widespread corruption and now a flagrant disregard for the rule of law by their elected politicians .
DEARBORN , Mich. , March 22 / PRNewswire -FirstCall/ -- Ford Motor Company ( NYSE : F ) has been recognized as one of the world 's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute , a leading business ethics think tank .
Ford is among 100 global companies chosen for the designation from a field of thousands of companies in more than 100 countries and 36 industries .
Ford is the only automaker to receive the honor in 2010 .
The results are based on an extensive review of companies ' social responsibility efforts , corporate governance and business practices .
" Ford Motor Company is honored and pleased to receive this recognition , " said Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford .
" At Ford , we 're not only committed to making great products and building a strong business , we believe in contributing to a better world and doing business in an ethical way . "
This is the fourth year Ethisphere has published its list of the world 's most ethical companies .
The firm is dedicated to the creation , advancement and sharing of best practices in business ethics , social responsibility , anti-corruption and sustainability .
" Ford 's promotion of a sound ethical environment shines within its industry and shows a clear understanding that operating under the highest standards for business behavior goes beyond goodwill and lip service and is intimately linked to performance and profitability , " said Alex Brigham , executive director of the Ethisphere Institute .
" This year 's award was more competitive than ever , because companies realize that making ethics a priority is critical in a tough and unprecedented economic environment . "
The criteria researchers and analysts followed included :
A review of each company 's codes of ethics , litigation and regulatory infraction histories
An evaluation of investment in innovation and sustainable business practices
A look into activities designed to improve corporate citizenship
Input through nominations from senior executives , industry peers , suppliers and customers .
Information was provided to the Institute through formal questionnaires and through additional independent research .
" This honor underscores the efforts by the men and women at Ford Motor Company who diligently and consistently work every day to do the right thing on behalf of all of our stakeholders , " Bill Ford said .
The complete list of the 2010 World 's Most Ethical Companies can be found at http://ethisphere.com/wme-2010.
About Ford Motor Company
Ford Motor Company , a global automotive industry leader based in Dearborn , Mich. , manufactures or distributes automobiles across six continents .
With about 198,000 employees and about 90 plants worldwide , the company 's automotive brands include Ford , Lincoln , Mercury and Volvo .
The company provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company .
For more information regarding Ford 's products , please visit www.ford.com.
About Ethisphere Institute
The research - based Ethisphere Institute is a leading international think tank dedicated to the creation , advancement and sharing of best practices in business ethics , corporate social responsibility , anti corruption and sustainability .
The Institute 's associated membership group , the Ethisphere Council , is a forum for business ethics that includes over 200 leading corporations , universities and institutions .
The Ethisphere Council is dedicated to the development and advancement of individuals on its membership council through increased efficiency , innovation , tools , mentoring , advice , and unique career opportunities .
Ethisphere magazine , which publishes the globally recognized World 's Most Ethical Companies Ranking™ , is the quarterly publication of the Institute .
More information on the Ethisphere Institute , including ranking projects and membership , can be found at www.ethisphere.com.
SOURCE Ford Motor Company
Republican Meg Whitman spent $ 27 million on her campaign for governor in the first 11 weeks of this year , according to a disclosure report she filed today .
The record - shattering pace stems largely from a television ad blitz intended to portray Whitman positively in the minds of voters and tarnish her opponents .
By contrast , Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown , the leading Democrat in the governor 's race , spent $ 142,000 since Jan .
1 . Although Brown is not facing a serious primary opponent and Whitman is , that difference would not normally result in one candidate spending 190 times more than another in less than three months .
In an appeal to donors on his campaign website , Brown said the " spending binge to purchase California 's airwaves is shocking . "
He has $ 14 million on hand , the result of fundraising since the beginning of last year .
Whitman , the billionaire ex-chief of EBay , has poured $ 39 million of her own money into her campaign over the same period ; and , with additional fundraising , spent a total of $ 46 million since joining the race in early 2009 .
Whitman has spent nine times as much so far this year as Steve Poizner , the Republican state insurance commissioner running against her in the June 8 primary .
He has been punished incessantly by Whitman 's " Ca n't Trust Steve " ads on shows such as " American Idol . "
Poizner lagged nearly 50 points behind her in last week 's Field Poll .
Whitman 's spokesman , Tucker Bounds , said the " campaign 's budget is designed for victory ... and we 're seeing positive results .
We have incredible momentum moving toward election day . "
Poizner has spent $ 3 million since Jan. 1 but has almost stopped raising money , collecting only $ 95,000 this year , his campaign filing shows .
" We 've focused much more on policy and grass - roots events , " Poizner 's spokesman , Jarrod Agen , said .
" Meg Whitman wants to make this election about money because she 's wrong on the issues . "
A former Silicon Valley entrepreneur who can afford to fund his own campaign , Poizner began running television ads this month , but far fewer than Whitman .
He has said he will wait until closer to the primary to begin unloading a war chest that now stands at $ 14.9 million .
-- Michael Rothfeld in Sacramento
Either a well - versed prankster has invaded Reddit 's popular IAMA anonymous q-and - a , or , once again , Bristol has a reckless scuttlebutt willing to ( anonymously ) unload about Scott , Chris Berman , Michelle Beadle , Michael Wilbon and more .
Advertisement
Some highlights from the session starring " Eyespian , " who claims to be " a cog behind the scenes of " the worldwide leader " .
* Q : What is the deal with Stuart Scott , period ?
The guy is a fucking catchphrase machine , and personifies what ESPN is these days : All Style , Little Substance .
Advertisement
Eyespian : " I agree , he sucks at his job , is a major jerk , and wears the ugliest shit ever , have you seen his ties ? ? "
* Q : Really ?
I mean there 's no way Kornheiser is n't a fun guy he reminds me of my pops , but Wilbon looks like a good guy too .
What 's his deal ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Eyespian : " Tony 's a genuine guy .
Wilbon is just too cool for school . "
* Q : Am I correct in assuming that he 's just playing a part , like Sean Hannity or something ?
Also , I have this weird feeling that Stephen A. Smith is actually an OK guy .
I also have the feeling that I 'm about to be downvoted into oblivion .
Advertisement
Eyespian : " Yeah , he was a role player .
In person , he seemed decent enough .
TrueStory :
He was like 6 '6 , but still insisted on a seat cushion .
" I 'm all legs baby " he goes . "
Advertisement
* Q : is everyone sucking and / or fucking each other up there ?
or is that overblown ( pun intended )
Eyespian : " Yes , ESPN is one big incestuous orgy .
Seriously , since there 's not real outside social life for most of the people there ( it 's in the middle of the woods , and most people have moved here to work here ) , you gotta do what you gotta do ! "
Advertisement
Other things of note :
* John Clayton apparently has a ponytail
* The person who wrote this despises Stu Scott
* " For every Steve Phillips situation , there 's 100 more that never get caught . "
* Lots of ESPN people smoke weed
* Lots of people who work at ESPN watched the Erin Andrews video
* Mike Greenberg is also not highly regarded
Advertisement
We 're still waiting for comment from ESPN on this new mole and its veracity .
But , given most of the answers , he seems to be legit and a person who 's brazenly bypassed the strongly - worded directive sent out by George Bodenheimer last fall after all that other stuff popped up .
Whomever this Jersey - born , production - side Bristol cog is , he will not be awarded a leadership pickle anytime soon .
Advertisement
I Work For ESPN - AMA [ Reddit ]
International Trade Minister Peter Van Loan 's office has responded to NDP MP Charlie Angus ' public letter on ACTA .
According to the Wire Report , Van Loan says that " ACTA would comply with Canadian law " and that " before acceding to any agreement , our government would need to be fully satisfied that it reflects the best interests of Canadians .
The Government has been transparent in this process and will continue consulting stakeholders . "
Related posts :
No related posts .
As fate would have it , on the day that the CBO report is released , I am in standby hell , and running low on laptop juice .
So my thoughts on the CBO score , and the revised reconciliation bill , are necessarily somewhat preliminary .
But here is what I 've noticed so far :
1 ) Thanks to reconciliation instructions , they needed to improve the budget impact by at least $ 1 billion in the sidecar .
They improved it by exactly $ 1 billion .
Which goes back to what I 've now said several times : the CBO process has now been so thoroughly gamed that it 's useless .
2 ) The proposed changes increase spending dramatically , most heavily concentrated in the out - years .
The gross cost of the bill has risen from $ 875 billion to $ 940 billion over ten years -- but almost $ 40 billion of that comes in 2019 .
The net cost has increased even more dramatically , from $ 624 billion to $ 794 billion .
That 's because the excise tax has been so badly weakened .
This is of dual concern : it 's a financing risk , but it also means that the one provision which had a genuine shot at " bending the cost curve " in the broader health care market has at this point , basically been gutted .
Moreover , it 's hard not to believe that the reason it has been moved to 2018 is that no one really thinks it 's ever going to take effect .
It 's one thing to have a period of adjustment .
But a tax that takes effect in eight years is a tax so unpopular that it has little realistic chance of being allowed to stand .
3 ) As I expected , the size of the magic asterisk -- the modern equivalent of David Stockman 's infamous " savings to be named later " in the Reagan budgets -- has had to be beefed up to offset the new spending .
4 ) Medicare Advantage is being effectively outlawed -- in some areas , the reimbursements will actually be below those of the fee - for - service programs .
5 ) A disturbingly high percentage of the revenues still come from insurance premiums for other programs .
About $ 53 billion of the net deficit reduction is from Social Security taxes collected on the wages people will now be getting in lieu of health care benefits .
But since those contributions raise the amount Social Security will eventually have to pay out , the Republicans convincingly argue that this is not true " deficit reduction " ; it 's just deficit shifting .
Ditto the premiums for the new long - term care insurance .
6 ) Ultimately , this rests on the question : are we really going to cut Medicare ?
If we 're not , this gargantuan new entitlement is going to end up costing us about $ 200 billion a year next decade , which even in government terms is an awful lot of money .
There are offsetting taxes , but they 're either trivial or likely to be unpopular - - look forward to a 4 % rent increase when your landlord has to stump over the same amount for the new tax on rents .
Then look forward to repeal of same .
I think this is a fiscal disaster waiting to happen .
But no one on the other side cares , so I 'm not sure how much point there is in saying that any more .
The latest evidence that today 's college kids are getting a lesson in victim - blaming : an American University sophomore 's claim that girls who go to frat parties are asking for it , and consent is basically bullshit anyway .
AU student Alex Knepper 's screed springs , in time - honored college fashion , from a Facebook note by another AU student .
This note apparently drew fire for assertions like " now we have women with surgically implanted penises /
As well as those who have been born with both genitals / NO !
These Weaklings are not what I define as a ‘ man . ' "
Unsurprisingly , these words angered both queer students and feminists , whom Knepper calls " a sniveling bunch of emotional cripples . "
And furthermore :
Like the other great religions of the world , though , the goal of contemporary feminism and Gay Party activism is not to explain sex , but to abolish its passion .
The yin and yang of masculinity and femininity is what makes sexual exploration exciting .
Sex is n't about contract - signing .
It 's about spontaneity , raw energy and control ( or its counterpart , surrender ) .
Feminism envisions a bedroom scene in which two amorphous , gender - neutral blobs ask each other " Is this OK with you ? " before daring to move their lips any lower on the other 's body .
Worse yet : a gender - neutral sexuality can have no conception of the inherently gendered thrills of fetishism , sadomasochism , kink or cross-dressing .
How blasé !
Advertisement
Leaving aside Knepper 's blinkered idea of " sexual exploration " ( the only thing interesting about sex is gender play ?
How blasé ! ) , let 's see what he thinks about date rape :
Let 's get this straight : any woman who heads to an EI [ an unrecognized fraternity at American University ] party as an anonymous onlooker , drinks five cups of the jungle juice , and walks back to a boy 's room with him is indicating that she wants sex , OK ?
To cry " date rape " after you sober up the next morning and regret the incident is the equivalent of pulling a gun to someone 's head and then later claiming that you did n't ever actually intend to pull the trigger .
" Date rape " is an incoherent concept .
There 's rape and there 's not - rape , and we need a line of demarcation .
It 's not clear enough to merely speak of consent , because the lines of consent in sex - especially anonymous sex - can become very blurry .
If that bothers you , then stick with Pat Robertson and his brigade of anti-sex cavemen !
Do n't jump into the sexual arena if you can't handle the volatility of its practice !
Advertisement
We 've all heard this kind of victim - blaming crap before ( though the mention of Pat Robertson is an interesting touch ) , and it 's perhaps no surprise that a college sophomore has some ill - thought - out and offensive ideas .
So why are we even talking about this ?
Two reasons :
— College campuses seem to be emerging as major centers of victim - blaming .
To a certain extent , this has always been the case , but in the past few months an alarming number of jerks have come out of the woodwork to claim that attending a frat party is equivalent to consenting to any and all forms of sex .
This claim is especially damaging because assault is so disturbingly common on college campuses , because it frequently goes unpunished , and because college students are young and especially vulnerable to bullshit rhetoric .
Advertisement
— Alex Knepper is not special .
Knepper says , " For my pro-sex views , I am variously called a misogynist , a rape apologist and - my personal favorite - a ' pro-date rape protofascist . ' "
Victim - blamers often claim to be iconoclasts , saying what no one else is willing to say .
But blaming women for rape is at least as old as the Bible , and actually has a lot in common with the anti-sex views of some Christian fundamentalists ( cf. a recent religious pamphlet that read , " some rape victims would not have been raped if they had dressed properly " ) .
While Knepper may think he 's being risky and cool by telling women they should n't party unless they want to get fucked , he is in fact echoing the joyless , restrictive , and anti-woman language that still permeates much of American society .
Knepper writes , " I have never encountered a more insular , solipsistic view of human sexuality than at this college . "
Oh Alex , just wait .
Advertisement
Dealing With AU 's Anti-Sex Brigade [ The Eagle ]
Earlier : " You Make Men Want To Be Sinful : " Blaming The Victim , Religious Pamphlet Edition
How Colleges Fail Assault Victims - And How Students Can Help
" She Knew What Would Happen If She Started Drinking : " Blaming The Victim , Princeton Edition
New research shows that a high level of C - reactive protein ( CRP ) , a marker for inflammation in the blood , is associated with brain changes that are linked to problems with executive thinking skills .
The study is published in the March 30 , 2010 , issue of Neurology ® , the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology .
For the study , scientists examined 447 stroke and dementia - free people with an average age of 63 .
Participants underwent MRI brain scans such as diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) , a technique that measures water molecule movements in the brain .
They also completed tests that measured verbal memory , word fluency and executive function , the process in the brain that allows for planning , decision making and selection of appropriate behavior .
The study found that higher levels of CRP led to worse performance in executive function .
Higher levels of the protein also affected the frontal lobe of the brain , where some motor functions take place .
Motor skills , however , were not measured in the study .
Other areas of cognition , such as memory and language skills , showed no association with CRP .
Overall , the average time to complete a test of executive function was 85 seconds .
Those with the highest levels of CRP took an average of seven seconds longer to complete the test than those with the lowest levels of the protein .
The brain changes measured with DTI were equivalent to 12 years of aging for those with the highest levels of CRP compared to those with the lowest levels .
" The use of aspirin and statin drugs as well as physical activity and controlling weight can help lower CRP levels in the body , but our analyses did not consider whether therapy would be effective or not , " said study author Heike Wersching , MD , with the University of Münster in Germany .
The study was supported by the German Research Foundation ( DFG ) , the Volkswagen Foundation , the Marie Curie Research and Training Network - funded by the European Commission , the BMBF - Competence Network Mednet Atrial Fibrillation , BMBF - Research Consortium and the Neuromedical Foundation Münster .
A prolific writer , A. A . Milne published 35 plays , 6 novels , 3 books of verse , 3 collections of short stories , and several works of nonfiction , including sketches for Punch magazine , of which he was the assistant editor .
Nevertheless , his fame rests on four books for children : two of whimsical stories about the stuffed animals in his son's bedroom ( Winnie - the - Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner ) and two of verse ( When We Were Very Young and Now We Are Six ) .
All are considered classics and have been included among the Children 's Literature Association 's Touchstone books as the best in children 's literature , on the Lewis Carroll Shelf list , and on the Choice magazine list of books for the academic library .
He also wrote Toad of Toad Hall , a play based on Grahame 's The Wind in the Willows , and Once upon a Time : A Fairy Tale for Grown-ups , both of which are sometimes included in volumes with the four classic works .
Milne had a son , Christopher Robin , who served as the model for the little boy in his children 's books .
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
Picard serves as host for a peace treaty between two warring planets , but he may be unable to resist the reconciliation " gift " – a beautiful empathic metamorph who is to be presented by one leader as the other 's wife .
Contents show ]
Summary
Teaser
" Captain 's log , Stardate 45761.3 .
In an effort to bring an end to their centuries long war , Krios and Valt Minor have agreed to a ceremony of reconciliation to be held aboard the Enterprise at a point midway between their two systems . "
The Enterprise is en route to mediate a peace treaty between the Valtese and the Kriosians .
While welcoming Ambassador Briam aboard , the Enterprise receives a distress call from a Ferengi shuttle about to suffer a collapse of the containment field and explode .
The Enterprise arrives to their rescue and manages to beam aboard the two Ferengi before their shuttle explodes .
Worf escorts them to quarters .
They seem thankful to be there , but when Worf leaves , they remark to themselves that it " was too easy . "
Act One
Picard resumes talking with Briam , and takes him to the holodeck , where the Temple of Akadar has been programmed for the peace talks .
He is impressed and optimistic .
Briam needs to consult the history a bit more before continuing with Geordi La Forge for preparations .
As they leave , one of the Ferengi , Par Lenor forcefully introduces himself to Briam attempting to gain exclusive trading rights , but Picard and La Forge eventually pull him away .
Meanwhile , sneaking around the ship curiously , the other Ferengi named Qol discovers a strange , glowing cocoon in one of the cargo bays .
He attempts to scan it while standing on a few stacked barrels , but slips when Worf , who asks him what he 's doing , and a security team enter .
He kicks a barrel into one of the suspension beams , making it overcompensate and slice open the cocoon .
As the captain , Briam , and Riker enter , the cocoon slowly falls to the ground and melts before their eyes , revealing a beautiful woman , while Worf pulls Qol away .
She approaches Picard , and gives herself to him , thinking he is Alrik .
Act Two
Her name is Kamala , and she is an empathic metamorph , a woman with the genetic aptitude to meet the desires of any man she is with .
She has the ability to sense what a potential mate wants , what he needs , and what gives him the greatest pleasure and then to become that for him until she reaches the final stage of bonding , during which she must imprint upon herself the requirements of one man , to serve as his perfect partner in life .
From birth she has been reared for this event and is thus being presented as a gift to Alrik , to seal the peace agreement between Krios and Valt Minor .
By the symbolic act of wedding this perfect mate to the leader of Valt Minor – Chancellor Alrik – Ambassador Briam hopes to end the longstanding conflict that has been plaguing both their worlds for centuries .
Riker escorts Kamala to quarters .
She warns him about her elevated pheromones .
This is due to her being in finiis 'ral , the final stage of her sexual maturing process , during which her body produces an unusually high amount of pheromones which are very provocative to members of the opposite sex .
Because this is the final stage of her sexual maturation , she must also bond with whoever she wishes to be the most like for the rest of her life in a very short time .
Nevertheless , due to her empathic nature and elevated hormone levels , Kamala cannot resist briefly responding to Riker 's inner desires and even attempting to seduce him .
Fortunately , Riker shows himself to be disciplined enough to resist her advances ( insisting that he has a policy " not to open another man 's gift " ) , though he is clearly severely tempted .
While they are having breakfast in his cabin , Dr. Crusher objects to the Enterprise crew essentially facilitating the " sale " of Kamala , a sentient being , into " a life of virtual prostitution . "
Picard rejoins that arranged marriage has been a diplomatic tool for centuries , including on Earth .
Crusher does not relent , and Picard sarcastically suggests that they throw the Prime Directive to the winds , stop the marriage , and allow the two cultures ' war to continue .
But Crusher has the last word , informing him that Briam has confined Kamala to her quarters like a prisoner .
Picard is taken aback , and disturbed , to hear this .
Picard pays her a visit .
Although she turns the heads of many men , including that of Riker , she herself develops a very particular interest in Picard .
During that visit , he already feels himself being affected by the things she does with men and asks her to stop doing whatever she is doing .
However , Kamala states that this is her nature and that her wishes and her needs are fulfilled by what she gives to others .
She tells Picard that he knows her better than he realizes , for she is independent , forceful , brilliant , and adventurous – exactly as he would have her be .
A very uneasy Picard makes his way quickly out of her quarters and in an effort to protect both himself and Kamala from the effects that she has on men .
He says he 'll talk to Briam about her confinement .
Act Three
" Captain 's log , Stardate 45766.1 .
We have reached the designated coordinates for the conference and await the arrival of Chancellor Alrik . "
Picard tells
Briam he wo n't let Kamala be confined , despite his warnings of trouble , the same as Kamala mentioned earlier .
Picard is aware of this however , so he assigns Data as her chaperone .
However , Kamala causes quite a stir around the ship , for wherever she goes she stirs feelings of affection , adoration , and even downright lust in the hearts of male crew members and visitors .
When Kamala and Data arrive in Ten Forward sometime later , her effect is immediately apparent in the miners the Enterprise had picked up at Harod IV .
Riker , who is having a drink with Worf , leaves to avoid what he knows is coming .
Kamala and Data go up to the bar , at which point one of the miners begins harassing Kamala .
Data tells the miner that his behavior is extremely rude , before the other miners begin bothering Kamala as well , though she takes it in stride and is comfortable with it .
When Worf steps in , however , the miners stop .
Data escorts Kamala out of the bar to take her to the ship 's arboretum .
Just before they leave , Kamala growls at Worf suggestively and Worf instinctively growls back , before composing himself .
In Picard 's ready room sometime later , Picard is informed of the incident in Ten Forward .
Picard tells Kamala that he has confidence in his crew members ' self - control , but there are civilians aboard the Enterprise .
Kamala then displays her knowledge on a variety of subjects , including Shakespeare 's work and Picard 's origins in France .
Kamala tells
Picard that some of her knowledge of Picard 's origins came from help from Data .
The more Picard surrounds himself with Kamala , the more he talks with her and the more he gets to know her , the more he feels himself drawn to her , while at the same time recognizing the impossibility of such a union .
He even tries to convince Kamala that he is actually pretty dull , falling asleep with a book in his hand every night .
However , Kamala does not give in , for she knows that some part of Picard wants her to continue pursuing him .
Meanwhile , the Ferengi Par Lenor and Qol make their reasons for being on the Enterprise known ; they want to buy Kamala from Briam .
They offer up to twenty thousand Ludugial gold coins .
Briam is understandably offended , and , after thanking the Ferengi for sharing the information , promises to tell Picard , but the impulsive Ferengi attack Briam and he falls , striking his head on a glass table and falling into a coma .
Act Four
" Captain 's log , supplemental .
The Ferengi have been dispatched via shuttle to Starbase 117 .
What charges will be brought against them depends on whether or not Ambassador Briam recovers . "
In sickbay sometime later , Crusher tells Picard and Kamala that if they 're lucky , Briam should regain consciousness within a few days .
Kamala , however , tells Picard that the peace negotiations can't wait that long because of her premature removal from stasis , so the responsibility falls with Picard who – while having diplomatic experience – is not quite familiar with all the ceremonial requirements of the treaty and requires the assistance of Kamala who knows about the rituals and ceremony of her people .
After Kamala tells
Picard about her childhood , she finds it rather ironic that on the eve of this ceremony , which she has spent her entire life preparing for , she should meet a man like him .
Finally , Chancellor Alrik arrives on the Enterprise and quickly establishes himself as not particularly interested in either Kamala or a mate , only in trade agreements .
However , he is willing to accept Kamala as it furthers his aforementioned ambitions .
Picard himself is apprehensive as to what Kamala will become when she is joined with Alrik .
Picard pays a visit to Kamala in her quarters .
He informs her that chancellor Alrik is on board and that the next morning she will meet him at last .
Kamala begs
Picard to stay and talk to her as she loves the sound of his voice and she does n't want to be alone .
Kamala says she will turn out the lights and just listen to him .
After some thought Picard gives in , on the condition that the lights stay on .
Act Five
During morning tea , Picard confides in Crusher that he can't help thinking about her being with a man who cares more about trade agreements .
He says Crusher was right about her .
Shortly before her wedding ceremony , Kamala confesses to Picard , who is now in his dress uniform , that she will never truly love Alrik , for she has bonded with Picard .
Who she is today , she will be forever .
However , her empathic abilities will allow her to please Alrik and continue the facade in order to keep the peace .
After having bonded with Picard , she also has learned the meaning of duty .
" I only hope he likes Shakespeare " she adds with a smile .
Picard then escorts her to Alrik .
The wedding is a simple , yet elegant affair .
Alrik meets Kamala in the holodeck reproduction of the Temple of Akadar , she repeats the ceremonial line which defines her existence , " I am for you , Alrik of Valt , " and they kiss .
If Alrik is moved by Kamala 's beauty , he does not show it .
Picard , standing nearby , appears distraught .
When Briam is recovered and preparing to leave the ship , he asks Picard 's permission to ask a personal question .
Briam knows full well why he was chosen to escort Kamala on this peace mission : as a very old man of over two hundred years , her pheromones do n't affect him as much ; however , he'd be lying if he said they did n't affect him at all .
Briam is astonished that Picard worked with her for days , side by side , and cannot help but wonder how Picard could possibly resist her .
Picard merely responds by wishing the ambassador a safe trip home .
Picard stands in the transporter room long after the ambassador transports off , and the two ships depart , going their own , separate ways .
Log entries
Memorable quotes
" Mr. Worf , assign the Ferengi to quarters .
Not too close to mine . "
- Riker
" This has been very educational , but I make it a policy never to open another man 's gift . "
- Riker , to Kamala
" I am for you , Alrik of Valt . "
- Kamala , mistaking Picard for the chancellor
" Riker to bridge , if you need me I 'll be on Holodeck 4 . "
- Riker , after nearly falling for Kamala 's charms .
" Grrrrrrrrrr "
- Kamala and Worf
" Kamala , you are one day away from an arranged mating .
Why would you want me to visit you in your quarters ? "
" I said a visit .
I did n't ask you to make love to me . "
- Picard and Kamala
" Nothing , nothing lies beneath .
I 'm really quite dull .
I fall asleep each night with an old book in my hands . "
" When a metamorph finds you interesting , do not take it lightly . "
" Oh , I 'm not taking it lightly , I 'm just trying … to be as dull as possible . "
- Picard and Kamala
" Even the walls of Jericho fell , captain . "
- Kamala to Picard , revealing that she has also learned some Terran Lore
" Do you find me unattractive ? "
" I find you unavailable . "
- Kamala and Picard
" Now that I know that you are listening to my voice , I find that I can't think of anything to say . "
- Picard , to Kamala
" A starship captain must encounter all sorts of lifeforms .
Am I one of the most unique you 've ever met ?
Please say yes . "
" Yes . "
" What a nice thing to say . "
- Kamala and Picard
" Have n't I done my best to discourage this ? "
" Maybe that 's the perfect way to attract a metamorph . "
- Picard and Kamala
" Penny … "
" What ? "
" … for your thoughts .
Penny for your thoughts . "
" Do you have one ? "
" I 'm sure the replicator will have one on file . "
" Beverly , may I take off the uniform for a moment ? "
" Captain ! "
- Beverly Crusher and Picard
" Perhaps I just needed a shoulder . "
" Well , it 's there for you , Jean - Luc .
It always has been . "
- Picard , after telling Crusher how distressed he is in giving away Kamala forever to Alrik
" I will never truly love him . "
" You 've not even met him . "
" It no longer matters .
I wish I could convey to you what it 's like to be a metamorph ; to feel the inner strength of someone ; to realize that being with him is opening your mind and heart to endless new possibilities ; to hear yourself say " I like myself when I 'm with him " . "
" Kamala … "
" For a metamorph , there 's no greater pleasure , and no greater wish , than to bond with that kind of mate at the end of the finis 'raal as I have bonded with you . "
" With me ? "
" Who I am today , I will be forever . "
- Kamala , to Picard
" Would you ask me to stay ?
And ask two armies to keep fighting ?
Having bonded with you , I 've learned the meaning of duty .
He 'll never know .
I 'm still empathic , I will be able to please him .
" I only hope he likes Shakespeare ! "
- Kamala , explaining that she will nevertheless do her duty
" Ambassador , have a safe trip home . "
- Picard , when Briam expresses surprise that Picard could resist Kamala after working closely with her
Background information
Production history
Story and script
Production
Sets , props , and costumes
Cast and characters
Continuity
Reception
Video and DVD releases
Starring
Also starring
Guest stars
Co-stars
Uncredited co-stars
Stunt doubles
Stand-ins
References
2168 ; ability ; Aldorian ale ; ambassador ; ancestry ; arboretum ; archaeology ; arms merchant ; arranged marriage ; art ; ballpark ; barbershop ; breakfast ; Ceremony of Reconciliation ; chancellor ; chaperone ; cocoon ; companel ; containment field ; craniosacral display ; croissant ; day ; dinner ; dolphin ; drawing ; Earl Grey tea ; emissary ; empath ; empathic metamorph ; empire ; expression ; Federation ; Federation Constitution ; Ferengi ; Ferengi shuttle ; Ferengi Trade Mission ; Ferengi tricorder ; Finiis 'ral ; firstborn ; garden ; Garuth ; generation ; Harod IV ; heart ; history ; holodeck ; holograph ; hour ; ingot ; " in the ballpark " ; Kamala 's companions ; Kamala 's mother ; Klingon ; Krios ; Krios 1 ; Krios Prime ; Kriosian ; Kriosian musical instrument ; Kriosian ship ; Lapeongical period ; Les Eyries ; Ludugial gold ; logic ; long range transport ; " make love " ; mate ; Milky Way Galaxy ; miner ; mutant ; number one ; orchestra ; Paloris colony ; Par Lenor 's shuttle ; penny ; pheromone ; piano ; Picard , Yvette ; political alliance ; Prime Directive ; prostitution ; puberty ; reactor core ; recital ; replicator ; servant ; sentient being ; sex ; sexual allure ; sexual maturing process ; Shakespeare , William ; Shakespeare 's sonnets ; slave trader ; Starbase 117 ; stasis ; Targhee moonbeast ; Temple of Akadar ; torze - qua ; Transporter Room 3 ; turbolift ; tutor ; Valt ; Valt Minor ; Valt system ; Valtese ; Valtese horn ; Valtese ship ; Ventanan archaeology ; Ventanan thimble ; Ventanan woven art ; volume ; Vulcan ; walls of Jericho
( CNN ) --
Ten states plan to file a federal lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the new health care reform bill , Florida 's attorney general announced Monday .
Bill McCollum , the Republican attorney general under fellow Republican Gov. Charlie Crist , told a news conference that the lawsuit would be filed once President Obama signs the health care bill into law .
He said he 'll be joined by his counterparts in Alabama , Nebraska , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah and Washington .
All of the attorneys general in the 10 states mentioned by McCollum are Republican , but McCollum said the lawsuit would be about the law and not politics .
Also Monday , Virginia 's Republican attorney general said his state would file a lawsuit challenging the health care bill .
It was unclear if Virginia would join the other states or proceed on its own .
The U.S. House of Representatives passed the bill on Sunday night , and Obama intends to sign it Tuesday , according to Democratic sources .
What will health care reform mean to you ?
McCollum said the lawsuit would challenge the bill 's provision requiring people to purchase health insurance , along with provisions that will force state government to spend more on health care services .
" This is a tax or a penalty on just living , and that 's unconstitutional , " he said of the mandate to purchase health coverage .
" There 's no provision in the Constitution of the United States giving Congress the power to do that . "
McCollum also said that portions of the bill would force states to spend money they do n't have , which he called a violation of the 10th Amendment to the Constitution .
" There 's no way we can do what 's required in this bill and still provide for education , for foster care , for the incarceration of prisoners , all the other things that are in this bill , " he said .
McCollum said he expected the lawsuit to eventually reach the U.S. Supreme Court .
Later Monday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the Obama administration expected to win any lawsuits filed against the health care bill .
The Democratic governor of Washington criticized her state 's attorney general , Rob McKenna , for being part of the planned lawsuit .
Gov. Chris Gregoire issued a statement that said she disagreed with McKenna 's decision and that the attorney general was not representing her .
Gregoire 's statement also said she would actively oppose the lawsuit .
Or
“ How I Threatened To Burn My Professor At The Stake ”
. : Many of you by now have heard this story .
Either I told you over the phone , through AIM , or in person .
It ’s a long story , and for the first time I ’m going to write down as much of it as I can .
. : It all starts with a lecture in my Introduction to Neuroscience class .
The professor , Dr. Patton , made a demonstration with two very important and influential books : The Bible and the Origin of Species .
The lecture can be summarized in these four lines :
Holding up the Bible : “ This is not a science book . ”
Holding up the Origin of Species : “ This is . ”
Holding up the Bible again : “ This is a book about relationships with God . ”
Holding up the Origin of Species again : “ This is n’t . ”
. : This is a very basic idea that many people , unfortunately , do not yet grasp or are unwilling to understand .
As Dr. Patton informally stated later : “ The Bible says nothing about how I should repair my car .
That ’s not why it exists . ”
However , a student in the class did not agree with Dr. Patton and was deeply offended by his remarks .
In a show of defiance , he walked out of the class mid-lecture in front of everybody .
His name is Christopher Stone .
. : Later that evening , I received an email by Mr. Stone .
He had sent it to almost everybody in the class , with the exception of the professors .
( Intro to Neuroscience is a team - taught course ; there are five professors . )
I now reproduce his email in full :
Hi , Most of you have no idea who I am , though some of you I know personally .
To identify myself better , I am the guy who walked out of class today .
In fact , that is why I am emailing all of you .
I realize many of you will not like or even agree with what I am about to say so feel free to delete this now if you ’d like , but if you have a few moments I have something to say that you might like to hear .
The reason I walked out of class today is because I am a Christian .
Unashamedly so .
And after Friday ’s performance by Dr. Patton I had prepared myself to do just that very thing if my beliefs were once again attacked .
Sure enough they were , so I left .
I do n’t know if anyone else has been deeply offended by some of the things Dr. Patton has said , but my guess is yes because of the usual make - up of Baylor Students .
I ’ve been thinking about what I should do in response — I ca n’t very well let my faith be trampled upon and I have no intention of doing so , but as a student I ’m not given a lot of options .
According to our syllabus we can miss 11 classes before we fail , and Dr. Patton is responsible for 5 more .
I plan on attending the first few minutes of Wednesday ’s lecture , but beyond that I intend to boycott by being absent from his lectures .
This may be crazy or irrational , but it is the only recourse I have .
I ’d like to invite any and every one to do the same .
Any who are interested in joining me , I will remain in the hall outside of the classroom for the remainder of his lectures .
If you would like to join me , I ’d like to hear from you and you may email me at my Baylor address .
If you have any other ideas , I ’d love to hear those as well .
Thanks for your time .
God bless you and please pray for Dr. Patton .
Christopher Stone
. : Amazed and amused by such staunch stupidity , I wrote a parody email and sent it to everyone in the class , including the professors .
At this point , I had not yet realized that Christopher Stone did not send his email to everybody .
I now reproduce my letter in full :
Hi , Most of you have no idea who I am , though some of you I know personally .
To identify myself better , I am the guy who walked out of class today .
In fact , that is why I am emailing all of you .
I realize many of you will not like or even agree with what I am about to say , but rest assured if you delete this email Jesus will frown on you .
The reason I walked out of class today is because I am a Christian .
Zealously so .
And after Friday ’s performance by “ Dr. ” Patton I had prepared myself to do just that very thing if my beliefs were once again attacked by logic and reason and scientific claims that can be proven .
Sure enough they were , so I left .
I do n’t know if anyone else has been deeply offended by some of the things “ Dr. ” Patton has said , but my guess is yes because of the usual make - up of Baylor Students ( 70 % Christian , 20 % Adamantly Christian , 5 % Fundamentalist Christians , 4 % Fingers - In - The - Ears - La - La - La - La - I - Can ’t - Hear - You Christians , and Me. )
I ’ve been thinking about what I should do in response — I ca n’t very well let my faith be trampled upon and I have no intention of doing so , but as a student who accidentally signed up for a science course instead of the seminary I ’m not given a lot of options .
According to the bible , “ Thou shalt not suffer a Witch to live . ” ( Exodus 22:18 ) I feel strongly that “ Dr. ” Patton ’s heretical teachings in the voodoo field of neuroscience constitutes witchcraft .
Therefore , next Wednesday before lecture , I call on my fellow Christians to gather rope and kindling so that we may burn “ Dr. ” Patton at the stake .
It is my firm belief that we must set fire to ALL heretics who seek to destory our most cherished Christian beliefs .
This may be crazy or irrational , but it is the only recourse I have that might actually accomplish something .
Sure , I could boycott class all semester , but who else aside from me would care ?
I ’d like to invite any and every one to attend the burning .
If you would like to join me , I ’d like to hear from you and you may email me at my Baylor address .
If you have any other ideas ( I already considered stoning , drowning , and drawing & quartering but feel fire to be more practical ) , I ’d love to hear those as well .
Thanks for your time .
God bless you and please pray for “ Dr. ” Patton .
Cody Cobb P.S.
If you do n’t have any kindling , your textbooks should work just fine .
. : Almost immediately I received praise from fellow students .
Most people understood the joke .
. : Most people .
. : Several people did not understand it .
My email was sent after Mr. Stone ’s so , following the law of stratification , it appeared on the top of many people ’s inbox .
Naturally , they read that one first .
Some read only my email and not Mr. Stone ’s ; some read both my email and Mr. Stone ’s at face value and disagreed with both of us ; and some read both my email and Mr Stone ’s at face value and agreed with both of us .
. : About this time I noticed my email was sent to certain email addresses that did not receive Mr. Stone ’s original email .
This led to some confusion .
I forwarded Mr. Stone ’s email to everyone I could –including the professors–but the damage was already done .
At first I was told two students –presumably freshman girls who ’ve never had an original thought in their quaint , conservative lives and who were tragically born without irony - detectors–sent a complaint to the Baylor DPS .
Later , I was told the other professors in the class also alerted the DPS .
They thought I seriously wanted to burn Dr. Patton at the stake .
My guess is , in a place like Baylor , that kind of thing goes on all the time .
. : The next morning , after my first class , two Baylor police officers were waiting for me .
They escorted me to their office and proceeded to interrogate me .
Here is part of the conversation that I can remember :
( The two police officers would trade turns in speaking , but for all intents and purposes they are the same person . )
We received two complaints from students in your neuroscience class about an email you sent to everyone .
- Yes ?
You are aware that what you have done is a felony ?
You have committed a terrorist act .
- Have you read the original email ?
No , we have not received any original email .
- My email is a parody .
Christopher Stone wrote the original email and sent it to almost everybody in the class .
I wrote a line - by - line parody .
Well we got messages from people who thought it was real .
In this day and age you can not do things like this .
We have Columbines and 9/11 ’s all over the place , and we ca n’t risk this kind of thing .
- It ’s a joke .
I emailed the professor and told him that .
It does n’t matter if it ’s a joke .
I myself figured it out , but that does n’t matter .
What matters is what ’s written on the paper , and you said you were going to burn your professor .
- At the stake .
It ’s satire .
I engaged in hyperbole to make a point .
You need to read the original email .
We ’ll get to that .
You need to understand that this is no laughing matter .
Smirk all you want , but what you ’ve done is n’t a joke .
- In all honesty I did not think anyone would take it seriously .
But some have , so I think I ’ve learned a lesson here .
Let me get this straight , this is a parody , right ?
- Yes .
Why did n’t you put a note at the bottom telling everyone it was a parody ?
- In retrospect that would ’ve been the smart thing to do .
The smart thing would have been not to send this stupid thing out in the first place .
Now let me ask you a question : is this an English class ?
- No .
So what are you doing writing stories ?
- It ’s not a story .
Yes it is .
You said it was a short story parody .
- No I did n’t ; I said it was a parody .
Well do n’t you write that in English class ?
- No .
. : The whole time I thought to myself , “ Are these guys eventually going to arrive at some kind of a point in the near future ?
I ca n’t believe I ’m missing Economics for this . ”
Alas , they never did go anywhere with their line of reasoning .
When I told them that my email was a parody and that they needed to read the original email , they should have stopped what they were doing and let me show them what I was talking about .
But they did n’t .
The rest of the interrogation proceeded in the same vein .
I suppose the two officers were just trying to scare me ( “ You can seriously go to jail for what you have written , and that ’s no joke ” x 15 ) , but the whole time I was simply astonished by their utter lack of logical reasoning .
Had Socrates been present , he would have weeped .
. : “ It does n’t matter that it was a joke , ” they told me .
“ What matters is that your joke could be read a certain way that indicates a terroristic threat . ”
. : In my affidavit , I used the introductory paragraph to explain and diagram the definitions of Satire , Hyperbole , and Irony –they never read those things anyway , do they ?
After I signed my confession , they told me that I could not go to class tomorrow .
Otherwise , I was free to go .
. : After I was released , I immediately called my sister , my brother , my mother , my girlfriend , my dad , my grandmother , and my grandfather .
Three of those people got in touch with my great uncle , who was the head coach of all athletics at Baylor .
It ’s nice to have connections .
. : After communicating with all of those people , I received an email from Dr. Patton .
He called the Baylor DPS and told them to let me back into class .
My short term as a terrorist was finally over .
. : This morning , I returned to Intro to Neuroscience , somewhat sick to my stomach .
Dr. Patton explained the whole situation to the class without naming names , but it was pretty obvious that the guy slouching way down in his seat on the front row was me .
He made a joke to me before class started :
“ If you want I can go get my coat tree and we can use that as a stake . ”
. : What a great guy .
. : And now , with all that said , I have a few reflections I ’d like to share with you :
~ Some people are not college material .
They do not know how to think critically nor are they willing to learn .
They are everywhere .
~ American entertainment is sorely lacking in irony and subtlety .
Everything is too loud and too obvious .
At least , that ’s my assessment .
When people cannot discern that I am joking when I say I am offended by “ logic and reason and scientific claims that can be proven , ” I am simply amazed .
~ If Jonathan Swift were alive in America today , would he be accused of eating babies ?
~ Black & White thinking is terrible and dehumanizing , as exemplified by the police officers who interrogated me .
When someone with authority tells you , “ Well , we ca n’t let you do this , otherwise we ’ll have to let everyone do it too , ” they are basically admitting that their argument is crap .
They cannot explain why what you did in a particular situation is bad , only that such actions could conceivably be bad .
This is not acceptable .
~ I do not feel more secure .
UPDATE : More interesting comments to be found here
Categories : Uncategorized
I 've been playing the Starcraft II beta for a couple of days now .
On the off chance you actually want to hear what I think about it , read on , reader , read on .
Advertisement
Before I get started , let me establish what I am .
Or , rather , what I am not .
I am not a " hardcore " Starcraft fan .
Sorry .
I loved Starcraft , yes , but I loved it in 1998 .
I played it then , I finished it , I got on with my life .
So if you want somebody who goes toe - to - toe with Koreans , who can agonise over the minutest details of this sequel , from build times to scroll speeds to how this is going to affect your next competitive match , sorry .
I 'm not your man .
Advertisement
If you 're a casual observer , though - as I imagine the vast majority of you are - then you 'll probably be in the same boat as me ; loved Starcraft back in the day , and are simply curious to see just what 's changed ( or has n't changed ) over the past 12 years .
That , I can help you with .
( Since this is neither a preview or a review , I 'm just going to give you all my thoughts at once )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Water Still Beads -
My goodness this game is polished .
I mean , I know this is Blizzard , and I know it 's been 12 years in the making , but still .
From menu screen to interface to terrain to the behaviour and animation of the units , this game is dripping with incidental detail .
You want to see what Blizzard mean when they say " it 's done when it 's done " , you boot this game up and compare the trimmings with any other game you 've ever played , you 'll see what they 're talking about .
12 Years ? -
It 's unfair to say this game has actually been 12 years in the making .
It has n't .
Blizzard has , in case you missed it , been busy making other stuff during that time .
Still , when you play a game that comes so long after its sequel , you expect at least some things to be different .
To have evolved .
But no , at least in terms of the multiplayer game , aside from some new units and the fancy trimmings , at a fundamental level this is essentially Starcraft HD .
How you feel about that depends on whether you wanted a change or not ; personally , I 'd have liked to see Blizzard be a little more adventurous ( though , to be fair , they may be saving that for the singleplayer game ) .
Advertisement
Listen To It Purr -
My PC is what you 'd call " slightly above average " OK , above average ( DualCore 3.0ghz , 4GB , GTS 250 1gb ) .
It 's not a $ 3000 rig .
And yet I can play the game on its highest detail settings at a smooth and consistent framerate , regardless of the size of the map or the number of units on screen .
If you 're running an average rig , then , or even a below - average rig , slide the settings down a little and you 'll be well looked after .
So Far , So Good - For a beta , things sure are running smoothly .
As somebody who does n't play World of Warcraft , Blizzard 's Battle .net system was a new experience for me , but over two solid days of play I 'm yet to run into any problems whatsoever , whether in terms of dropped connections , lag or trouble finding a game .
Advertisement
If It Ain't Broke -
While I wish Blizzard had made some more sweeping changes to the game , Starcraft 's second - most treasured asset - it 's universe - already feels stronger and more confident .
The developers have successfully tread the fine line between preserving old favourites and making necessary tweaks , leaving us with Protoss that are a little more Predator , Zerg that are a little more repulsive and Terrans that have , smartly , been shifted a little in tone , from Southern hillbillies to Wild West pioneers ( complete with Deadwood - esque soundtrack ) .
You 'll especially love the Terran 's new mech , above , whose inspiration is a little more foreign than the rest of their units .
So , yeah , that 's what I 've come across over the past two days , from being the 167th person connected to the game until now , when there 's an average of around 2500 people online at once .
If you 've got any other questions , feel free to leave them below ; I 'll be playing a lot more over the next few days , so I 'll try and answer them to the best of my abilities / knowledge ( and if anything big jumps out , I 'll add it in here ) .
No , May 21 2011 will most likely be no different from May 20th 2011 or May 23rd 2011 .
Repeatedly , throughout history - religions have said the end of the world is coming .
Those dates and come and gone , and nothing happens .
For the record , I have to state that I do not PERSONALLY think Orson Welles is a failure .
But in order to create conflict and move the plot forward , I have to put comic - Tom in an aggressive stance and have him say something inflammatory to provoke our guest – Brian Carroll from Instant Classic .
Comic - Tom is taking the short view on Welles ’s career .
One mired by depression , morbid obesity and borderline alcoholism .
All of which are handily ( sadly ) represented in these infamous out - takes from a commercial Welles did for California Champagne company Paul Masson .
Of course , it does n’t help that the most visible representation of Welles in the last 15 years comes from this parody piece from The Critic .
Which , I have to admit , played a role in defining Welles as a individual for me several years before I studied him or even knew who he was …
This , of course , being a satirical twist on the also infamous audio outtakes from a radio spot Welles did for a company that sold frozen peas .
Think about this for a minute :
The director of what is argued to be The Greatest Motion Picture of All Time arguing with some marketing guy about the copy he ’s being paid to read in a frozen peas radio commercial .
It ’s just … bizarre .
Of course , these late - career foibles are easy to reach for when you ’re trying to make an argument against Welles and his impact .
Personally , I think he was a genius .
If maybe a genius who got in his own way a little too often .
But put it in context .
If you made Citizen Kane and followed up with The Magnificent Ambersons , I think that means you pretty much get a free pass career - wise for the rest of your life .
Those were two big , important , stylistically rich films that everyone not only needs to see , but to own .
It ’s important film history – work the set the template for countless films that followed .
There ’s a reason everyone recognizes “ Rosebud , ” even if they do n’t know what it means .
I do n’t know if I would have been compelled to add this disclaimer under normal circumstances .
But I ’ve already gotten a few people writing to ask “ Why do you hate Orson Welles . ” I do n’t hate Orson Welles .
I think he ’s awesome .
I ’m just sacrificing my comic avatar for the sake of moving the plot forward .
I think I ’m going to wrap up this story line on Wednesday , so be sure to come back for that .
Afterwords , it ’ll be back to making fun of what ’s currently in theaters !
See you then .
Have a great day , everyone !
Our colleagues at Hotel Check - In are carrying a bizarre story this morning out of Memphis where a woman 's body has been found hidden under a bed in the same motel room she was renting at the time she was reported missing in January .
It seems that police never checked the room .
Worse , the room -- with the body still tucked under the bed -- has been rented out at least five times since January .
Sony Millbrook 's decomposing body was found hidden in a metal frame beneath a mattress and box spring after the Budget Inn had reported a foul odor inside the room , according to media reports .
Click here for more on this wild tale from Hotel Check - In .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Home owners to be paid for generating their own electricity through solar panels and wind turbines
Solar panels installed on the roof of a house in South - East London .
The idea is that families should be rewarded financially for creating their own energy from green sources rather than taking power created from fossil fuels
Homeowners are to be paid to generate their own energy , it was announced yesterday .
Labour plans to offer cash incentives for electricity created through rooftop windmills and solar panels .
Any excess not used to heat and light homes could be sold back to the National Grid .
The scheme , unveiled by the Department of Energy and Climate Change , aims to increase the country 's use of energy from green sources from around 2 per cent to 15 per cent by 2020 .
It is hoped that over the years , householders will make enough money to cover the cost of installing and maintaining equipment and new meters .
Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband announced an array of tariffs will be offered from April .
A ' typical ' 2.5 kilowatt solar installation would generate payments of £ 900 and reduce electricity bills by £ 140 a year .
This would eventually offset the installation cost of £ 12,000 .
From April next year householders who install woodburning stoves , ground source heat pumps and biomass boilers to heat their homes will also be eligible .
Installing a heat pump in an average semi- detached house could mean payments of up to £ 1,000 and bill savings of £ 200 per year .
Tariffs would be guaranteed for between ten and 25 years , depending on the type of equipment , and are expected to rise in line with inflation .
Incentive : Ed Miliband said the initiative would help families move towards low - carbon living
Money would be paid to householders through their power suppliers and offset against annual energy bills .
Mr Miliband said : ' The guarantee of getting an income on top of savings on energy bills will be an incentive to householders and communities wanting to make the move to low carbon living .
The feed - in tariff will change the way householders and communities think about their future energy needs , making the payback for investment far shorter than in the past .
' It will also change the outlook for a range of industries , in particular those in the business of producing and installing small scale low carbon technology . '
But the proposals were met with disappointment by green campaigners who said the payments were too low to drive a major shift in UK energy generation .
Friends of the Earth 's Dave Timms said : ' Ministers have been far too timid with a policy that could make a significant contribution to cutting emissions and boosting energy security . '
The Government refused to agree very high tariffs on the basis that it would unfairly penalise households who do not take part .
Tory energy and climate change spokesman Greg Clark said : ' Conservatives have been calling for feed - in tariffs since 2007 , so while this announcement is a step in the right direction , it is also long overdue .
' Feed - in tariffs are essential to allow decentralised energy to play a major role in our energy mix , but Labour 's proposals lack ambition .
Ministers should have been bolder so more jobs could have been created and greater emissions reductions achieved . '
Besides , too much has been said over the last week that can not be unsaid .
Mrs Merkel ’s speech to the Bundestag was epochal , a defiant warning that henceforth Germany would pursue the German national interest in EU affairs , capped by her call for treaty changes to allow the expulsion of fiscal sinners from Euroland .
Nothing seems so permanent about the euro any more .
The Bay Area 's only ghost town - a once - thriving party destination known as Drawbridge - is slowly sinking into the South Bay mud .
The slide of the little hamlet near Alviso will continue until the last chimney slips below the muck - with blessings from the town 's current landlord , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
" It 's a landmark , so we 're not going to do anything to accelerate its decay , but we 're not going to prevent it , either , " said Eric Mruz , manager of the Don Edwards national wildlife refuge , which encompasses Drawbridge .
" We 're letting the buildings return to the marsh . "
The last resident departed from Drawbridge in 1979 , leaving behind about 25 homes , hotels and gun clubs to sink into the muck a few miles from downtown San Jose .
The once - lawless town , now in the middle of a $ 400 million effort to restore South Bay wetlands , is off - limits to the public .
The only way to reach Drawbridge - if and when Fish and Game officials agree to escort visitors there - is by boat ride down Artesian Slough and a half - mile tromp , in hip waders , through the pickleweed .
But as Drawbridge sinks , a different kind of wildlife is returning .
Ducks , geese , raptors and shorebirds , once greatly diminished in the area because of the salt flats , now fill the skies as the levees come down and the tidal waters pour in .
" What got people out here to begin with - hunting and fishing - was the abundance of wildlife .
Now we 're seeing the final chapter , " said John Bourgeois , head of the South Bay Restoration Project .
" As this town sinks away , we 're able to bring this area back to its glory . "
Drawbridge sprung into being in about 1880 , when the railroads hired an operator to raise the train drawbridge over Coyote Slough for shipping traffic .
Soon the operator 's friends joined him at the muddy outpost at the far reach of Alameda County .
Before long , hunters and fishermen began flocking to the town on weekends , swelling the population to nearly 1,000 .
By 1926 , Drawbridge had 90 buildings , most of which were on stilts so they were n't washed away by the tides .
Residents had wells and electricity , and built outhouses over the sloughs .
The town had no roads but was big enough to have two neighborhoods , South Drawbridge and North Drawbridge .
The south was wilder and mostly Catholic , and the north was thought to be more " stuck - up " and predominantly Protestant , according to a history of the town compiled by local historian Eric Carlson .
" Well , there was some out - and - out feuding , like Bill Holden and his brother Lou .
They went for years without speaking , shielding their faces with a newspaper , " said Charlie Luce , Drawbridge 's last resident , as quoted in " Drawbridge , California : A Hand - Me- Down History " by O.L. Dewey .
Residents had " tide parties , " in which they 'd row to neighbors ' houses for parties during high tides .
Children rowed to school in Alviso , a few miles away .
" The heyday was in the 1920s , " said Diane Curry , curator at the Hayward Area Historical Society .
" But it was kind of out in the boonies , so it was probably more of a weekend place . "
By the late 1930s , Drawbridge and Alviso both began sinking as San Jose pumped water to accommodate its building boom .
Also , in those days burgeoning San Jose dumped its raw sewage into the sloughs , making Drawbridge a much less attractive place to spend a weekend .
The salt flats did n't help , either .
As salt production increased in the South Bay , waterfowl sought more hospitable terrain and fled , leaving hunters without much to hunt .
By 1955 , the trains ceased stopping at Drawbridge , and most of the residents drifted away .
The last residents were Luce and Nellie " Shotgun " Dollin , so named for her tendency to fire at trespassers .
Today , about 20 buildings remain , scattered a half - mile or so along the train tracks .
Some of the buildings have sunk up to their rooftops ; others appear dilapidated but otherwise high and dry .
Owls , bats , endangered harvest mice and clapper rails now reside in the old gun clubs , and the old pathways are covered in pickleweed and grass .
The only sounds are quacks and honks from waterfowl .
Just across the mud flats one can see the shiny high - rises of downtown San Jose , homes creeping up the Fremont hills , and one of the most modern , civilized places on Earth , Silicon Valley .
The story of Drawbridge is , in many ways , the story of the West , said San Jose State University history Assistant Professor Glen Gendzel .
" Ghost towns are a residue of the heritage of speculation , the boom and bust cycle , " he said .
" They 're spectral reminders of dashed hopes , when growth went in another direction . "
The Bay Area is filled with modern ghost towns , he pointed out , such as vacant office buildings , abandoned housing developments and other byproducts of the Great Recession .
So what should be done with Drawbridge ?
The federal government wo n't restore it because of the cost , and the agency is not eager to establish a tourist attraction in the middle of a sensitive wetland , Mruz said .
Leaving Drawbridge alone is probably the best option , Gendzel said .
" It 's a reminder of how ephemeral the hopes and dreams of the West can be , " he said .
" We take gambles , and sometimes they do n't work out . "
The neurotransmittors Glutamate and Aspartate ( in Aspartame ) are normally found in the spinal cord and brain .
They are two of the most common transmitter chemicals in the spinal cord and brain , but when their concentrations rise above a critical threshold they can turn into deadly toxins to the neurons and nerve cells that are connected to these neurons .
Too much Glutamate will not only kill the neurons but it will also kill any neurons that are connected to it .
Both Glutamate and Aspartame can cause neurons to become extremely excited and , if given in large enough doses can cause these cells to degenerate and die .
The nervous system carefully controls the concentration of these two amino acids in the fluid surrounding the neurons .
It has a system designed to remove any excess glutamate from this extracellular space .
It is accomplished by a special pumping system that transfers the excess glutamate back into surrounding glial cells .
The glial cells surround the neurons and supply them with energy .
This pump acts like a bilge pump on a ship , if the pump fails the ship fills up with water and sinks .
Normally , the glutamate clearing system is very efficient .
While this pumping system is very effective , it requires an enormous amount of cellular energy in the form of ATP ( adenosine triphosphate ) .
It works like an old - time fire brigade where a line of people hoist buckets down a human chain to put out a fire .
It requires a lot of energy on the the people that make up the bucket brigade .
If they ran out of energy the fire would rage out of control .
The same thing happens when energy production is reduced in the brain , the protective pumps begin to fail and glutamate begins to accumulate in the space around the neuron , including in the area of the synapse .
If the energy is not restored , the neurons will burn up , they are literally excited to death .
Within 15 - 30 minutes after exposure to high doses of MSG , the neurons suspended in tissue culture are seen to swell up like balloons .
You can see the degeneration of the small structures within the cell under the microscope , called organelles .
You will also see clumping of the chromatin of the nucleus .
Within 3 hours these neurons are not only dead , but the body ’s defense mechanisms begin to haul away the debris .
The degenerative reaction is seen under experimental conditions using animals when the MSG is either ingested via the diet , injected in the abdominal cavity or applied directly to the neurons in tissue culture into the brain via the cannula or tube .
Glutamate and Aspartate appear to work by opening calcium channels on certain subtypes of receptors .
When these neurotransmitters are allowed to come into contact with the receptor in too high of a concentration or for too long a period of time , the calcium channel gets stuck in the open position , allowing calcium to pour into the cell in large amounts .
When this happens the protective mechanisms are triggered .
But as with the glutamate pumps , the calcium pumps also require large amounts of energy as ATP .
This energy must be supplied continuously , especially if the calcium continues to enter in large amounts and for a prolonged period of time .
Again , it ’s like bailing out a boat that has a large hole in the bottom .
To keep from sinking you must bail the water out faster than it flows into the boat .
If you have ever been in this position you ’ll know that it takes a lot of energy to do this .
So how does calcium actually kill the cell ?
This is an area of intense research and interest because these calcium channels appear to play an important part in a multitude of seemingly unrelated diseases , such as strokes , heart attacks , arthritis , brain injury , migraine headaches and cancer .
Summary
In a nutshell : MSG enters the brain past the blood - brain barrier , triggers neurons to open their calcium channel , the glutamate causes the cell to remain stuck in the open position then calcium floods into the cell in large amounts .
This triggers the cell to react in emergency mode and starts it ’s special pump that will start pumping out the excess calcium using up large amounts of energy ( ATP ) , the cell swells up with excess calcium and eventually the cell is depleted of energy and dies within two hours .
The pump could n’t pump out the excess calcium fast enough .
( It ’s like trying to bail water out of a boat with a large hole in the bottom .
You use up a ton of energy and eventually the boat is filled and sinks ) .
The cell shrivels up and the body ’s defense mechanism sweeps away the dead cell debris .
Excerpts from : Excitoxins : The Taste that Kills . Russell Blaylock M.D.
" What is it that so appeals to us about implausible animal cooperation ?
We humans seem to have a great hunger for the wolf to dwell with the lamb .
Is this a vision of paradise ?
An alternative to our deep - seated fear that we are all either predator or prey ?
Whatever is at work , it is evident that we find stories of interspecies relationships deeply satisfying ... "
Military Cartridge Brass Destruction 2010 – Round 2
by Gary Marbut
Washington , DC –-( AmmoLand.com ) -
The cure that was arranged by Montana Senators Baucus and Tester to fix the intended military destruction of once - fired cartridge brass last year appears to be suffering from a fatal end -run .
Interested persons will remember that a year ago , helpful intervention by Montana 's senators persuaded the Department of Defense to rescind a fresh DoD directive to military installation commanders requiring them to destroy once - fired brass , prior to selling it at auction into the civilian marketplace for ammunition reloading and other purposes .
An end - run is being done around the rescinding order through quiet and sweetheart side deals with installation commanders that is being aggressively promoted by ATK .
Some characters must be introduced to explain this story .
ATK / Alliant Techsystems is the defense contractor that currently has the contract to operate the Army 's huge Lake City Arsenal , the last government - owned facility in the U.S. for production of small arms military ammunition .
While other contracts to operate Lake City have been cost - plus , the contract ATK arranged allows ATK to retain profits of operation .
Although government / private partnerships always seem to be strange creatures , the nature of the government / ATK partnership may be stranger than most .
Government Liquidation is another private entity that has an exclusive government franchise to sell surplus military equipment , from all military installations nationwide , to all bidders .
Until recently , most used cartridge brass sales were put up for public bid through Government Liquidations , bids available to scrap metal purchasers , foundries processing brass , and specialized cartridge brass processors that reconditioned millions of surplus cartridge brass for sale to commercial reloaders of civilian ammunition , and to civilians for ammunition loading .
The steady supply of reloadable brass from military sources has been a sizable and essential component of the currently stressed ammunition market in the U.S .
Although the private Government Liquidations retains a fee for the auction services it provides , the bulk of income from Government Liquidations ' sales of surplus military property is directed into the U.S. Treasury , to be reallocated and appropriated by Congress , as needed .
In a recent turn , ATK has been aggressively promoting sweetheart side deals with military installation commanders for those commanders to sell used cartridge brass directly to ATK ( which ATK then renders unsuitable for reloading ) , the income from which is deposited , NOT into the U.S. Treasury for reallocation by Congress , but into accounts controlled by installation commanders for installation operation .
ATK even provides portable equipment to demil tons of cartridge cases at the military installations , destroying the brass for reloading purposes .
Because the destroyed cartridge case brass is not suitable for reloading , it cannot command a price driven by auction for the highest - value use of reloading .
Military installation commanders sell the Alliant - destroyed brass to ATK at a private , non-auction , special price .
Commanders are willing to accept the reduced price because the sale proceeds go to the commanders ' discretionary accounts and not back to the U.S. Treasury via Government Liquidations .
Quote from ATK program sales literature :
“ Payment is made to Fort Irwin not DRMO [ now Government Liquidations ] , so Fort Irwin utilizes the money that is generated from the Recycle project for other recycling efforts . ”
ATK , then , ships this destroyed cartridge brass to the foundries from which ATK gets new stock for manufacturing new cartridge cases , offsetting in significant part what ATK would otherwise pay the foundries , and thereby increasing ATK 's profit from operating the Lake City Arsenal .
Government Liquidations suffers a substantial decrease in business since fired military brass has long been a most lucrative product they 've traditionally handled .
Meanwhile , the big losers are the U.S. Treasury ( U.S. taxpayers ) , and civilian ammunition consumers who will see higher prices and more shortages in the ammunition marketplace from this scheme .
U.S. gun owners are effectively being taxed by this scheme to provide greater profits for ATK .
There is one additional motive at work here .
In part , this juicy scheme is being sold to military installation commanders with the reasoning that “ We cannot allow this reloaded ammunition to fall into the hands of militias . ”
The sell - direct - to - ATK idea is being sold to installation commanders as a way to deprive imagined U.S. civilian enemies of firepower .
Quotes from ATK program sales literature :
“ Currently handling brass scrap for ATK Lake City — for sole purpose of recycling material and preventing any reloading of spent cases by the public with military grade brass . ”
“ Keeps Military Grade Brass from being re-loaded by unauthorized users . ”
“ To PREVENT anyone from using your scrap ammunition components for non-military purposes . ” ( Emphasis in the original ) “ Assurability for the [ military ] installation , that no one can use this cartridge against law enforcement or our military personnel , by reloading the case . ”
It 's time to cure this problem finally with congressional action .
The Montana congressional delegation is spooling up to address this issue .
Senators and Representatives from other states need to join the Montana delegation in fixing this problem finally with congressional direction to DoD to require that all expended military brass of civilian - useable calibers generated domestically goes through the public auction process .
T
his will benefit the U.S. Treasury , America 's gun owners , and the adequacy of the ammunition marketplace .
Gary Marbut , president
Montana Shooting Sports Association
http://www.mtssa.org
author , Gun Laws of Montana
http://www.mtpublish.com
About Montana Shooting Sports Association :
MSSA is the primary political advocate for Montana gun owners .
SAF is a national organization headquartered in Bellevue , WA that works nationally to advance the interests of gun owners .
Visit : www.mtssa.org
Last November , the evangelist James Robison , an early organizer of the religious right and a mentor to the young Mike Huckabee , was ruminating about the state of the nation .
He and his wife , Betty , he said , were increasingly worried about the country “ drifting away from what I call ‘ foundation principles , ’ ” the “ foundational belief system based solidly upon the truths found in the scriptures . ”
Robison , whose daily talk show favors affable studio chats about Jesus and personal fulfillment to politically - charged polemic , packed a series of religious right dog whistles into his lament about the country ’s downward spiral .
The founders , he said , believed in the word of God , and came to America looking for “ spiritual freedom . ”
The founders were dedicated , he went on , to “ a very limited government that functioned to protect that freedom , ” a version of history that “ not many get to anymore in our public school system . ”
Robison then introduced his antidote to the fallen nation : the recently resurrected Republican political operative Ralph Reed .
The one - time golden boy of the conservative movement — sullied by the Christian Coalition ’s decline under his leadership , and later his sordid partnership with convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff — was making the rounds promoting his new incarnation , the Faith and Freedom Coalition .
In introducing Reed as a guest on his program , Robison gushed that when he learned of Reed ’s new political effort , he exclaimed , “ faith and freedom ?
I said , ‘ I ’ve just been praying about that . ’ ”
It Costs a Lot of Money to Print Voter Guides
Whether Reed is the answer to the conservative movement ’s prayers remains to be seen .
But he is engaged in a full - court press to re-create the Christian Coalition for the 21st century through FFC affiliates in the states , a process already underway in Florida , Iowa , Colorado , Nevada , California , Virginia , and Tennessee .
In announcing on Wednesday that he had decided against running for the Congressional seat being vacated by retiring Georgia Republican John Linder , Reed promised supporters , “ In 2010 and 2012 , FFC will register an estimated one million new faith - based voters and make tens of millions of voter contacts in what may be the largest conservative get - out - the - vote effort in modern political history . ”
Reed , who has been suspected of exaggerating the numbers of Christian Coalition members and distributed voter guides , promised his for - profit Century Strategies ’ “ voter contact subsidiary and grassroots team will be involved in a number of races in 2010 . ”
Reed ’s FFC is essentially a retread of the Christian Coalition which , under Reed ’s leadership , was investigated by Congress , the Federal Election Commission , and ultimately ( after Reed ’s departure ) had its tax - exempt status denied over its engagement in electoral politicking .
But Reed , who has managed to survive the Christian Coalition meltdown , his two - timing of evangelicals through his business association with Abramoff , and his 2006 loss in the Republican primary for lieutenant governor of Georgia , is sifting the remnants of the Christian Coalition infrastructure to build FFC .
O’Neal Dozier , pastor of the Worldwide Christian Church in Pompano Beach , Florida , and a Christian Coalition of Florida board member , said that the board voted last year to “ come under the umbrella of ” the FFC .
For an organization that was low on funds , said Dozier , it was “ a great opportunity that we felt we could n’t pass up . ”
Now Dozier also serves on the FFC board , and says that the affiliation brings “ more fundraising capabilities .
With Faith and Freedom and with Ralph being known as he is , we can get more conservatives involved and coming to functions that we have in order to raise funds , ” both locally and nationally .
“ It costs a lot of money to print voter guides , ” he chuckled .
Dozier , whose extreme views have caused him some trouble in Florida politics , has been fighting the construction of a mosque near his church because he claims it has ties to terrorists .
“ The Muslim people we believe are beautiful people , ” he told RD .
“ They ’re beautiful people , we just believe that the Muslim people are victims of a very dangerous and evil religion and that religion is Islam . ”
He said that neither the Christian Coalition nor the FFC would get involved in his mosque - fighting efforts , and that while they would continue to stick with the traditional social issues , he wanted to see a focus on economic concerns .
“ Social conservative who talked about economic issues ”
As early as 1993 , Reed had been pushing the religious right to broaden its appeal , arguing that it “ has limited its effectiveness by concentrating disproportionately on issues such as abortion and homosexuality . ”
Now — as his business partner Tim Phillips heads up tea party astroturf group Americans for Prosperity — he ’s burrowing for an opening to convince activists that social and economic issues are linked .
He recently described an overlap between tea party activists and his organization on the Christian Broadcasting Network .
Religious right activists see that overlap too , but not yet a marriage between themselves and the tea party movement .
But Reed ’s efforts seem directed at capitalizing on panic over “ socialism ” whipped up by the tea partiers .
Steve Scheffler , president of the Iowa Christian Alliance ( a successor organization to what used to be the Christian Coalition chapter in Iowa , and which is in the process of forming an Iowa FFC affiliate ) , said that the “ one thing ” social conservatives and tea party activists “ are knitted together on is their dislike , their distrust , their disgust with Obama ’s march toward socialism , which is a takeover of every facet of a person ’s life . ”
Scheffler is an old hand of the religious right in Iowa , sought after by Republican presidential candidates seeking advantage in the state ’s early caucuses .
The FFC , said Scheffler , “ will address a wider range agenda , social issues plus economic issues , issues that are important to traditional families . ”
He pointed to Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell ( for whom FFC helped mobilize voters ) “ as a perfect example ” of a “ social conservative who talked about economic issues , ” a combination Scheffler maintained is required to get elected .
The Virginia FFC paid for robocalls recorded by Huckabee and Sarah Palin endorsing McDonnell , though the McDonnell campaign tried to distance itself from the Palin endorsement .
While Dozier said he was a tea partier himself , he added that he would n’t want either the Christian Coalition or the FFC to endorse or partner with the tea party movement .
The left , he maintained , has portrayed the tea party movement as “ a crazy , right - wing party , ” and the Christian Coalition and FFC are , he said , “ mainstream conservative organizations ” that he would n’t want “ lumped in ” with that .
Reed ’s dalliance with the “ march toward socialism ” paranoia harkens to the early days of the religious right , when it found common cause with the hardcore anti-communist right flank of the conservative movement .
As Huckabee , who worked as Robison ’s communications director in the 1970s , recalled in his 2008 book , Do The Right Thing , Robison organized the seminal 1979 rally where conservative leaders like Paul Weyrich and Howard Phillips “ recognized the untapped civic power sitting in pews of churches and synagogues each week and set about to mobilize the sleeping giant of people of faith into a force to be reckoned with . ”
When he supported Reagan , Robison wrote last year , the enemy was communism .
Today , he maintained , “ we face a similar threat , but one more crafty and subtle .
We cannot see the danger for two primary reasons : first , we have lost our sense of right and wrong and , second , the enemy lies within . ”
To Reed , he fretted , “ I think we ’re racing toward Marxism , I ’ve got to be honest with you .
I think this government is consuming the productivity of the nation and doling it out . ”
In Reed ’s parlance , government is the evil that meddles with the freedom of God-fearing Americans , even in their religion .
“ I do n’t want the same government that ca n’t run the Cash for Clunkers program to be running the church , ” he told Robison , though it ’s unclear which government effort he ’s referring to .
“ So the purpose is not to protect government from faith .
That ’s not what the founders believed ; that was never the objective .
The purpose was to protect the church from bureaucrats . ”
Reed went on to claim that not running the country on a Judeo - Christian moral code is actually contrary to democracy .
“ So really , when you really get right down to it , James , ” he said , “ democracy does n’t really work at all unless there is a citizenry animated by a moral code that derives from their faith in God .
That ’s what makes the whole thing work because otherwise , the government has to tell everybody what to do . ”
After offering his view on taxes , he concluded , “ we start crushing that , we crush more than just the greatest economy in the world , we crush the entrepreneurial and liberty - loving freedom of the American people to go out there and pursue their dreams as high and as far as they can carry them . ”
Reed Reenters a Crowded and Ambivalent Evangelical World
It was Reed ’s overly zealous entrepreneurial spirit — to put it charitably — that led to his key role in the Abramoff scandal .
Although he crashed and burned in his first public effort after the scandal , evangelical activists are loathe to disparage him , a reluctance evident even as the Senate Indian Affairs Committee investigation laid bare his schemes with the lobbyist .
In 2005 , the evangelical magazine World came under fire after it published an article about Reed that concluded , “ the portrait that emerges is one of a shrewd businessman who has spent years leveraging his evangelical and conservative contacts to promote the economic interests of his clients , rather than the principles of the political movement he once led . ”
After the piece appeared , Focus on the Family executive Tom Minnery complained on the radio that the magazine ’s reporter , Jamie Dean , “ wanted me to dump on Ralph Reed for his involvement with Jack Abramoff . ”
Minnery had declined to respond to Dean ’s requests for comment on Reed ’s role in double - crossing anti-gambling evangelicals in order to benefit Abramoff ’s tribal gambling clients .
Marvin Olasky , World ’s editor , defended the magazine ’s practice of journalism , noting that the focus should not be on Dean doing a reporter ’s job , but “ on one person who has shamed the evangelical community : Ralph Reed . ”
Barry Lynn , executive director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State and a longtime observer of the religious right , said Reed “ faces two daunting realities .
First of all , many people no longer trust him within the conservative movement because of his connection to lobbying , gambling , and other things seen by some as bad .
Second , I just think that the Family Research Council has done — sadly — a magnificent job of filling the gap and expanding the universe of people who were previously interested in the Christian Coalition . ”
Yet Reed continues to elicit effusive praise from fellow evangelicals .
The Christian Broadcasting Network ’s David Brody claims FFC “ is indeed poised to be a major player in the 2010 and 2012 elections . ”
About Reed ’s association with Abramoff , Scheffler told RD , “ if you look at the whole explanation it was a nonissue , it was the press that made something out of nothing that was there . ”
He added that Iowa activists were “ excited ” that Reed was the master of ceremonies for the Iowa Christian Alliance ’s fundraiser this week , at which Rick Santorum was the keynote speaker .
Cindy Costa , the Republican National Committeewoman for South Carolina and former Christian Coalition activist , told RD that Reed is a “ fine gentleman ” and “ helpful to the conservative movement . ”
After an FFC organizing event in Tennessee last week , Richard Land , head of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention , called the FFC “ one of the most important forces for sound public policy in America in the coming years . ”
And GOP operative Chip Saltsman , forced to pull out of the race for Republican National Committee chair last year after he distributed a “ Barack the Magic Negro ” CD , added that FFC “ has already been effective in identifying and turning out conservative voters and we ’re pleased to bring it to Tennessee . ”
But Lynn thinks
Reed wo n’t be able to compete with the goliath that FRC ’s Tony Perkins has built , and suggested that Reed exaggerates his capabilities .
“ Even when the Christian Coalition claimed strength locally , a lot of those local chapters were virtually nonexistent , ” he said .
“ They just did n’t have the commitment or resources . ”
Perkins , on the other hand , “ has connected with a lot of local churches . ”
Reed , Lynn added , “ had that as a vision but did n’t achieve it …
You ca n’t compete when you have the well - oiled machine that Tony Perkins has . ”
Tax Scam Uncle Sam ?
You Oughta Be Fired !
Says Utah Rep. Chaffetz Utah Republican wants to fire 100,000 workers delinquent on their taxes .
WASHINGTON , March 18 , 2010  -- Working for Uncle Sam comes with some great perks , like job stability , posh benefits packages , and in many cases , average salaries that are higher than what the same job pays in the private sector .
That 's why Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R - Utah , is irked that nearly 100,000 civilian federal employees owe the IRS $ 962 million in back taxes .
He thinks they should pay up or be fired .
Chaffetz has introduced a bill that calls for the federal government to " ferret out " civilian employees who have " seriously delinquent tax debt " and prevent the hiring of other tax delinquents .
More than 3 percent of the 2.8 million federal civilian employees owed the Treasury unpaid federal income taxes in 2008 , according to the IRS .
If you include retirees and military service members , the numbers go from nearly 100,000 up to 276,000 current or former workers who owe $ 3 billion in taxes .
" If you get to the point where the government is putting a lien on their property and they 've exhausted their appeals … the right thing to do is fire them as a federal worker , " said Chaffetz .
" If you 're going to take federal tax dollars , you should be paying your federal taxes . "
Currently , only IRS employees can be terminated for non-payment of federal income taxes -- a measure Chaffetz wants extended to all federal agencies .
The IRS has the lowest level of tax delinquency among its employees than at any other federal agencies , according to the most recent statistics .
But skeptics of Chaffetz 's plan argue firing the delinquents en masse circumvents due process and could only hamper efforts to recoup the cash .
Firing federal employees as soon as a lien is imposed by the IRS would be " prior to any due process hearing , " said Rep. Stephen Lynch , D - Mass. , who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee on the federal workforce .
" We have a system that 's in place .
For a federal employee , we have the [ IRS ] garnish their pay at 15 percent -- which is higher than for the regular taxpayer , " he said .
" We 're getting the money back . "
Wade Morrow , assistant general counsel for the American Federation of Government Employees , the largest federal employees union , said workers should be held to account for back taxes but that Chaffetz 's rule would not accommodate the complexities of individual cases .
" There may be other facts and circumstances that you should consider , " he said , adding that some individuals may have become delinquent due to sickness or divorce complications or due to a mistake in tax filings .
Morrow also said the most serious offenders could face termination under existing guidelines if the tax delinquencies interfere with their jobs .
" Getting them to pay back what they owe is preferable to having them all fired , in which case you 're not going to get anything at all , " said Morrow .
Chaffetz : Firing Federal Employee Tax Delinquents Aligns With Obama in Principle
Chaffetz conceded the terminations would probably make it harder for the individuals to pay their tax bills and said employees appealing to the IRS or " making a good faith effort " to repay them should be spared .
But he said a broad purge of tax delinquents is still justified and consistent with a principle laid out by President Obama for contractors employed by the federal government .
Earlier this year , Obama ordered federal agencies to terminate contracts with companies who do n't pay federal taxes .
" It 's simply wrong for companies to take taxpayer dollars and not be taxpayers themselves , " the president said Jan. 20 .
" We need to insist on the same sense of responsibility in Washington that so many of you strive to uphold in your own lives , in your own families and in your own businesses . "
Democrats in both the House and the Senate have introduced legislation codifying new rules for federal contractors who do n't pay their taxes .
Chaffetz is the first and only Republican so far to co-sponsor the House version .
" I think the president 's right in the case [ of companies ] and now I 'd like it expanded to federal workers as well , " he said .
" If you 're going to take federal tax dollars , you should be paying your federal taxes . "
The bill is currently under consideration by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - German scientists have created a three - dimensional “ invisibility cloak ” that can hide objects by bending light waves .
Gold bars are displayed to be photographed at bullion house in Mumbai December 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Arko Datta
The findings , published in the journal Science on Thursday , could in the future make it possible large objects invisible , but for now the researchers said they were not keen to speculate on possible applications .
“ For now these ... cloaking devices are just a beautiful and exciting benchmark to show what transformation optics can do , ” said Tolga Ergin of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology .
Transformation optics use a class of materials called metamaterials that guide and control light .
In their study , Ergin and his colleagues used photonic crystals with a structure that looks like piles of wood to make an invisibility device , or cloak .
They used the cloak to conceal a small bump on a gold surface -- a bit like hiding a small object underneath a carpet and then making both the bump and the carpet invisible .
The “ cloak ” was composed of special lenses that work by partially bending light waves to suppress the light scattering from the bump .
“ This is very exciting , because mankind has always thought about being invisible or having invisibility cloaks , ” Ergin told Reuters in a telephone interview .
“ This is the first proof of principle .
It shows that the technique works . ”
He added , however , that it would be many years before anything as large as a person , car or tank could be made to disappear with this technique .
“ There have been proposals in the field of transformation optics for different devices like beam concentrators , beam shifters , super antennas which concentrate light into one point from all directions , and much , much more , ” he said .
“ It is really hard to say what the future will bring , but the field is definitely very broad and the possibilities are very large . ”
j Query Meetups
Meetups are a great way to meet other community members , expand your knowledge , socialize , and show off what you 've been working on .
Thousands of developers get together every month all over the world to share their knowledge .
Check out meetup.com to find a jQuery or JavaScript meetup near you .
Ca n't find a meetup near you ?
Consider creating your own meetup !
Looking for larger events ?
We have plenty of trainings and conferences all over the world too !
QUIET POLLUTERS : A charging station for electric cars which , says Clive Matthew - Wilson , are no more environmentally friendly than petrol cars .
An Auckland publisher has produced a report that criticises the electric car as being no more environmentally friendly than petrol cars .
The 168 - page report , entitled The Emperor 's New Car , has been written by Clive Matthew - Wilson , the editor of the Dog and Lemon Guide for car buyers .
He said he spent three years researching the report with the aid of staffers and input from several international experts .
His conclusion was that the Tesla electric sports car was less efficient and usually more indirectly polluting than a comparable petrol - powered sports car .
" Most of Tesla 's publicity focuses on the efficiency of its electric motor .
What they do n't tell you is that its batteries are heavy , inefficient and that Teslas are frequently powered by electricity from highly polluting power stations . "
Better results came where renewable electricity was available but such generation was expensive and unlikely to be rolled out in volume in the near future .
Matthew - Wilson said he had written the report because he was concerned the car industry was sending a false message that electric cars were environmentally friendly .
He contends their widespread introduction would be detrimental in a world where coal - generated electricity still dominates .
" Claims that electric cars are emissions - free are simply a lie ; they merely transfer the pollution from the road to the power station . "
In four of the five countries surveyed , the Tesla was less efficient and more polluting than the conventional Lotus Elise .
Only in New Zealand , where most electricity was produced by hydroelectric generation , was the Tesla " greener " .
However , Matthew - Wilson said a New Zealand scientist had recently predicted that if the country 's car fleet was replaced with electric cars , it would probably need to build coal power stations to meet the demand .
The report suggests China is likely to be the main beneficiary of the electric car movement .
It is likely to be the first country to mass - produce electric cars , but the report says they would be made with environmentally destructive materials in high - polluting factories .
Matthew - Wilson said there was no easy fix to the energy crisis .
" Most of the world 's alternative energy industry is based on quick fixes to the current system .
In reality , most of this technology either is n't economic , does n't work , or simply does n't exist and is n't going to exist any time soon .
" It disturbs me to see politicians and business leaders on television promoting fantasy technology using fantasy economics . "
Vehicle scientist Chris Coxon , the former technical chairman of the Australian New Car Assessment Programme , confirmed the report was scientifically sound .
" I have been through the report and the references and figures that he 's quoted are all from noted researchers in the field , and I have no problem with the data that 's in the report .
" To me using today 's technology there 's no net benefit from a global CO2 emissions from the electric car and I think it 's the first time it has been put as forcefully as Clive has done so in this report . "
He said the electric car had an advantage in traffic jams because the engine shut down and stopped using power .
REAPING WHAT ONE SOWS ON THE CENSUS ….
Prominent right - wing voices decided last year that the U.S. census was not to be trusted .
Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . ) said the process could lead to “ internment camps . ”
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) called the census “ invasive . ” Fox News ’ Glenn Beck ’s suggested Americans may not be comfortable with “ ACORN members ” collecting information .
Radio host Neal Boortz said some census information is “ designed to help the government steal from you in order to pass off your property to the moochers . ”
No one should be surprised , then , that the spread of right - wing paranoia over the census is having an effect .
( via Daily Kos )
Contrary to historical trends , some of the toughest challenges facing the agency responsible for measuring the nation ’s population are not from counting the traditionally undercounted groups such as African - Americans and Latinos .
Instead , a new and growing threat to an accurate national head count is coming from anti-government conservatives who may not fill out their forms to protest against “ Big Brother ” in Washington .
The Houston Chronicle ‘s report looks specifically at Texas , which is counting on the census to gain additional House seats , electoral votes , and federal funding relating to transportation , agriculture , health , education , and housing
But some anti-government types are shooting themselves in the foot .
The national average on the return rate for census forms is 34 % .
In much of Texas , the more Republican the area , the lower the return rate .
In Briscoe County in the Panhandle , McCain / Palin won nearly 75 % of the vote — and 8 % of locals are sending in their census materials .
In King County , near Lubbock , McCain / Palin won nearly 93 % of the vote — and only 5 % of locals are answering the census .
They apparently have no idea that they ’re acting against their own interests .
Last July , some very conservative Republican House members urged Bachmann , in particular , to back off the anti-census crusade , calling the efforts “ illogical . ”
It seems at least some parts of the Republican base have n’t gotten the message .
Advertisement
It 's where old planes go to die - a 2,600 - acre patch of U.S. desert where several generations of military aircraft are stored in what has been dubbed ' The Boneyard ' .
The $ 35 billion ( £ 22 billion ) worth of outdated planes is kept as spare parts for current models at Davis - Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson , Arizona .
End of the line :
The 2,600 acre site is home to 4,200 aircraft , of which 80 per cent are used as spare parts for the current U.S Air Force fleet
Four of the numerous types of military aircraft kept at the site in Arizona
Some planes are merely stored at the base between deployments , but for more than 80 per cent of the 4,200 aircraft that call it home , it is a cemetery of steel - 350,000 items to be called on when needed .
The base is home to the 309th Aerospace Maintenance And Regeneration Group ( 309 AMARG ) which carries out repairs to the craft and even gets some of them flying again .
Engines , munitions , wiring and electronics are all recycled to help lower the cost of maintaining the current - day fleet .
In 2005 , staff at the facility recycled more than 19,000 parts worth $ 568 million ( £ 366 million ) .
The U.S. government even allows the military in other countries to buy parts and even planes from the site .
The facility is the size of 1,300 football pitches .
The site has been a curiosity for eagle - eyed Google Earth users since the satellite imagery software was launched in 2005 , but now for the first time it is available to view in high resolution .
The desert is a perfect place to store the mass of steel , because low humidity and rainfall means very little rust occurs .
In addition , the hard soil means they can be parked up without the need for building concrete ramps .
The military has used Davis - Monthan as a plane storage facility for 60 years , and in recent years its unique landscape has been called on by Hollywood for such films as Transformers .
Could Greece Get Kicked
Out of the European Union ?
Woe is Greece .
Athens needs to raise $ 67 billion to pay back creditors this year , and will still have to manage a ruinous mountain of public and governmental debt after that .
The country faces default , and the European Union — led by France and Germany — has started to negotiate a bailout .
But some Greeks ’ protests of austerity measures have commentators in Europe proposing more creative solutions — such as a " euro - holiday , " during which Greece would devalue its currency and thus bolster its exports ; a departure from the European Economic and Monetary Union ; or , even more far - fetched , Greece ’s ouster from the European Union .
But can Europe actually kick Greece out ?
In a word , no .
EU bylaws provide no mechanism for expelling a member state .
Indeed , the EU ’s laws in spirit are integrative and unifying , " conciliatory " rather than " punitive . "
Therefore , in letter , they provide no option for kicking a country out , no matter how much other member countries might want to .
Even if Greece invaded France — and it would take as much for Brussels to contemplate expulsion — the European Commission , a body of ministers that initiates EU laws , would have to craft new legislation to do it .
That said , Greece could choose to withdraw from the European Union .
Before the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty , which came into effect on Dec. 1 , 2009 , there was no clear pathway for withdrawal for any member state .
But the revised Article 50 , or the " Exit Clause , " holds that in order to leave the EU Greece would have to inform the European Council that it intends to withdraw , explaining why it no longer can meet its obligations ; obtain an OK from a " qualified majority " of European Council members ; and negotiate a withdrawal agreement with the consent of the European Parliament .
The process sounds straightforward , but in likelihood it would be anything but .
Say Greece chose to file for withdrawal in order to take control of its own monetary policy and ease its financial crisis .
Other member states , like Germany , would certainly object on a number of grounds and would head to the European courts to sort out their concerns .
( Chief among them would be the impact of Greece ’s departure on the stability of the euro . )
Resolving such disputes would take millions of dollars in legal fees and months , if not years .
Plus , it is not clear what would happen if a majority of countries said no to Greece ’s request for withdrawal .
As for the proposed " euro - holiday , " or departure from the European Economic and Monetary Union , the single - market currency union for the eurozone , there is no way for Greece to ditch the euro without also ditching its EU membership , according to ratified law .
Were Greece to decide to leave the EU , and if it could gain Brussels ’ consent , Greeks could hypothetically continue to use the euro , of course , in the same way that a tourist can pay in U.S. dollars or euros in Baghdad or China .
But the country would have to sever ties with the European Central Bank and institute its own currency .
Thanks to the legal services office of the European Central Bank .
UPDATE : Congrats Peter !
Digital illustrators rejoice !
Thanks to Autodesk , we ’re gifting Sketchbook Pro ( $ 100 ) to one lucky reader .
Just share who your favorite illustrator is .
A link to their work is appreciated .
And remember to follow Autodesk on Twitter .
You have until 11:59 PM PST Friday .
Do n’t forget .
Yanko Claus is gifting something away almost everyday this month .
Just check back !
Sponsor : Autodesk
Autodesk® SketchBook ®
Pro is an affordable , easy to -use , natural drawing experience with the quality expected by professionals .
Consider it your digital sketchpad — use it to create quick sketches or print quality production artwork .
It offers best - in - class sketching capabilities for professional designers and artists from all industries .
With a click of the stylus you can access any of the software ’s best - in - class tools : fast , reactive pencils , markers and brushes , pen-driven layers , background templates , a 50 brush stroke undo / redo option and a unique pan / zoom tool .
And with its fast and intuitive user interface , even new users can be productive within minutes .
5 cool things you can do with SketchBook Pro
Bring drawings to life instantly with interactive mirroring .
Draw digitally with the feel of traditional pen and paper .
Email sketches to friends for instant praise Easily create patterned effects with customized brushes .
Get up and running quickly .
SketchBook offers an easy - to - use , intuitive interface that allows new users to be productive within minutes yet still provides the features that experts demand .
A Scottsdale doctor has found a way to make fat look awesome :
He turns it into titties .
Dr. Todd Malan is the first doctor in the United States to use a new method of breast augmentation that takes stem cells found in fat , mixes it up a bit , and whamo !
You got yourself some happenin ' new boobs .
Dr. Malan 's office tells New Times that the standard fat - injection boob job was introduced in the late 1980's but that complications from the procedure caused it to be banned until Malan , a U.S. tit -job pioneer , perfected a procedure in use in places like Europe and Japan .
The key to Malan 's procedure is clean fat .
Malan uses " body jet water liposuction , " which , unlike standard liposuction procedures , gently removes fat instead of tearing it out .
The latter can cause fat to become polluted and lead to complications , Milan 's people say .
But wait , it gets even better .
All this according to his office :
Once Malan pulls out the fat , he extracts stem cells from the lard , which he concentrates and then mixes back into the fat before turning it into a fabulous pair of chesticles .
Because the fat is infused with concentrated stem cells , the jugs continue to grow even after the procedure .
The hyper - concentrated stem cells help grow new blood vessels to feed the fat , which helps healing and allows them to grow even larger .
The fat used in the procedure retains the characteristics of its origin .
Not saying the boobs will look like an ass , if that 's where the fat comes from but rather that it will grow the way ass or belly fat would as a person gains or loses weight .
In other words , when you eat a Twinkie and it goes right to your hips , after Malan 's procedure it will go right to your knockers -- if those knockers are made out of hip fat .
The same rule applies with losing weight .
If you exercise like a maniac but can't seem to get rid of stubborn love handles , if those love handles are converted into a boob , it aint goin ' anywhere .
Malan only recommends the procedure for individuals looking to increase their breast size by one or two cup sizes , and it is n't cheap .
Malan 's procedure ranges from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 but we bet if you splurge for the boob job , the doc might throw in a " laser vaginal rejuvenation , " or a " designer laser vaginoplasty , " also offered at Malan 's clinic ( does this guy have the best job in the world ?
Hmmm ) .
For more info on getting the fattest titties in town , check out Malan 's Web site here .
[ In a letter posted in the Health Sentinel on February 8 , 2010 , Nicholas J. Gonzalez , M.D. , wrote to Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , co-sponsor of the Dietary Supplement Safety Act of 2010 .
The following is an abridged form of Gonzalez ’ letter . ]
Dear Senator McCain :
Though I am a resident of New York , not Arizona , I suggest that someone on your staff read my letter very carefully , as I believe you are unwittingly sponsoring a bill with potentially onerous consequences , one that might — if I read the information about it properly — lead to the death of hundreds of my patients fighting advanced , terminal cancer .
I do not think that you would want their deaths on your conscience .
I am a registered Republican , and in the past have donated many thousands to Republican causes , including your reelection , even when it became clear to me that the Party , including you , had strayed significantly from its mission of limited government , deficit reduction and , ultimately , protection of individual liberty .
A former journalist ( Time Inc. ) , I am currently a physician and cancer researcher .
I was educated at three Ivy League schools ( Brown undergraduate , Columbia post grad , Cornell for medical school ) and finished a fellowship in cancer immunology under Robert A. Good , for ten years president of Sloan - Kettering .
Under Dr. Good ’s direction , 29 years ago I began researching the use of diet , nutrients and proteolytic enzymes against advanced cancer .
Though some consider my work “ alternative , ” and although in the past I have generated controversy ( since my therapy does not conform to the drug company model ) , I have been funded by very mainstream corporations and institutions , including Procter & Gamble , Nestle and the NIH .
Congressman Dan Burton , R - Ind. , has long been a vocal supporter ; and I have met with Sen .
Tom Harkin , D - Iowa , at his invitation , to discuss this treatment .
My research was featured in a lengthy profile published in The New Yorker magazine ( Feb. 5 , 2001 ) and more recently in the actress Suzanne Somers ’ best - selling book Knockout about innovative new approaches to cancer .
My colleague Dr. Linda Isaacs and I recently published the first book in a projected series , The Trophoblast and the Origins of Cancer , which discusses in some detail the scientific support for our treatment approach .
You can learn more about my background and therapy at our website : www.dr-gonzalez.com
Dr. Isaacs and I are currently treating hundreds of patients diagnosed with terrible advanced cancer , patients for whom no conventional options exist .
Many are successfully battling their disease with our regimen of diet , nutritional supplements and proteolytic enzymes — currently available legally as over - the - counter items .
We use only high - quality products , manufactured according to my stringent specifications .
Though I suspect you and your staff created this new bill with the intention of protecting the public , as I read information about the bill , it appears to give the FDA near - dictatorial control over the manufacture and availability of supplements , allow it at its own discretion to remove legitimate nutritional supplements from the marketplace , file arbitrary complaints against legitimate supplements and impose drug - testing standards on each supplement .
Testing of a single product to meet FDA standards for marketing of a new drug can cost hundreds of millions of dollars .
To my knowledge , no supplement company has the resources to fight or meet such regulatory impositions .
As a result , ethical supplement companies would ( again , if I read the bill correctly ) be forced to shut down .
I have read that you are motivated by recent scandals involving the doping of athletes with illegal steroids , certainly a terrible tragedy , and have been approached by various professional athletic organizations such as Major League Baseball .
I believe these organizations are trying to shift blame from their athletes to the supplement industry .
Regardless , the FDA already possesses the power to investigate and punish companies marketing and selling steroids improperly .
It certainly does not need added control over properly manufactured and properly marketed supplements or food substances — and the companies that provide these products — in order to regulate illicit steroid spiking .
It hardly seems reasonable , as could now be possible should your bill pass , to punish and perhaps even eliminate an entire industry because of a few renegade manufacturers .
On the surface , your bill sounds innocent enough , requiring manufacturers to provide the FDA with ingredients , etc .
But current Good Manufacturing regulations already require supplement companies to provide proof of ingredients and quality .
This proposed bill , whatever your stated goal , appears to play into the FDA ’s longstanding animus against the supplement industry at large , which to date — under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act ( DSHEA ) — has had some protection from capricious regulatory harassment .
Based on years of study , I believe that the FDA ’s antagonism even against ethically manufactured supplements stems from its close working relationship with the drug company giants .
Like the FDA , the drug industry has sought for years to have supplements removed from the over - the - counter marketplace and transformed into prescription drugs , which it alone could control and market and for which it could charge enormous prices .
You seem to have played right into this effort .
In your press conference , you alluded to expected opposition to your bill from the supplement industry .
I suspect such opposition will be small compared with the opposition of the American public at large .
In past decades , as the FDA , working with the drug industry , tried to gain complete control over the supplement industry , the American people have repeatedly fought back in vigorous campaigns , expressing their opinions to their elected officials in Washington .
But the regulatory agencies in Washington never give up their dream of removing most if not all supplements from the free marketplace and turning them into restricted and expensive drugs , all to the benefit of the pharmaceutical industry and to the ultimate detriment of the public .
Ethically manufactured nutritional supplements , when used appropriately , are extraordinarily safe and provide considerable health benefits .
We see this daily in our own practice , even with the most advanced , deadly of diseases .
Furthermore , nutrients — again , when manufactured and used appropriately — have in my long experience none of the terrible side effects of prescription items or even over - the - counter drugs .
For example , it is estimated that 10,000 Americans die each year from bleeding resulting from intake of aspirin or over - the - counter anti-inflammatory drugs , yet the FDA does nothing to ban these products , which bring in untold profits to the drug industry .
Nor to my knowledge have you ever held a press conference expressing your outrage over thousands of Americans tragically dying from aspirin use each year .
On a personal note , I will tell you that since your press conference announcing the introduction of your bill , hundreds of my very sick patients have been very distraught , angry that you , of all people , would sponsor legislation that might possibly eliminate their life - sustaining supplements from the marketplace and essentially condemn them to death — all in the name of consumer protection .
The mere possibility of such a turn of events has upset them enormously .
I will also tell you that as we learn more about this proposed legislation , however you may position it , my patients are already considering mobilizing to support your opponent in every way possible , financially , as volunteers — even perhaps holding a “ sit - in ” at your offices for the benefit of the press .
That is how seriously they are taking this situation .
And let me assure you these people are not part of some supplement company conspiracy against safe manufacturing practices :
They are Americans with terrible diseases , many of them veterans , who do not want interference with their treatment choice .
I can understand their dismay .
Perhaps I am wrong in my interpretation , but if this bill were ever to pass , the repercussions do seem potentially disastrous , in ways far beyond your assurance that this issue is a “ no - brainer . ”
I would be happy to talk to anyone on your staff about the unintended consequences apparent in this bill .
As I read the information , it appears that ultimately it protects nobody except the drug industry and provides professional athletes with a convenient scapegoat .
It certainly would not protect the American public that has repeatedly shown over the decades that it wants free access to nutritional supplements without FDA interference .
Certainly , it will not protect my patients , who , frankly , did not need to hear of this bill , the thought of which has added enormous stress to their daily lives as they fight their life - and - death battles .
Sincerely ,
Nicholas J. Gonzalez , M.D .
Share This Post
A 33 - YEAR - OLD man has come off second best after trying to karate chop a moving train at Eagle Junction station in Brisbane last night .
Police said the man tried to use the martial arts move as the train sped past and his leg fell between the train and the platform , the Courier - Mail reported .
He was transported to hospital in a stable condition with a laceration to his leg .
A Queensland Rail spokesperson said the man had actually been trying to jump onto the moving train - and hurt his head when falling back onto the platform .
Police are investigating the incident .
Read more about the man who karate chopped a train at the Courier - Mail
Originally published as Hospital for man who lost fight with train
If you ’re a fan of demotivational posters and giant boobs , then the picture below is probably one of your favorites .
Â
It ’s been posted in more forums and big tit galleries than you can shake a stick at , yet it never grows old .
So I ’ve got some good news , some bad news , and some more good news .
Â
The good news is , we found a ton of pictures starring the epic boob girl .
Â
The bad news is , they all got deleted .
Â
The other good news is that we saved them first .
Â
Lastly , this girl seems like a gigantic slut .
Â
This pleases me .
Â
I ca n’t wait to see those things slapping her in the face when she ’s getting drilled in her amateur debut .
Â
If there is already a video like this , you know what to do …
Also , maybe it ’s just me but does n’t her boyfriend look like Shawn Hatosy from that movie “ The Faculty ? ”
Weekend Hangover 4-28 - 14 : 20 Stories You Might Have Missed
I do n't know why I did n't think of this before .
It
“ We were hopeful last year ; he was saying all the right things , ” Mr. Pica said .
“ But now he has become a full - blown nuclear power proponent , a startling change over the last few months . ”
Image Daniel J. Weiss of the Center for American Progress is disappointed by President Obama 's enthusiasm for nuclear power .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Mr. Obama said in his remarks on the nuclear project this week that he knew his policies were alienating some environmentalists .
“ Now , there will be those that welcome this announcement , those who think it ’s been long overdue , ” Mr. Obama said of the new nuclear loan guarantee .
“ But there are also going to be those who strongly disagree with this announcement .
The same has been true in other areas of our energy debate , from offshore drilling to putting a price on carbon pollution .
But what I want to emphasize is this :
Even when we have differences , we cannot allow those differences to prevent us from making progress . ”
Mr. Obama has long supported nuclear power , as a senator and as a candidate for president .
Employees of the Exelon Corporation , the Chicago - based utility that is the largest operator of nuclear plants in the United States , have been among Mr. Obama ’s biggest campaign donors , giving more than $ 330,000 over his career , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
In response to criticism of some of its energy policies , the White House points to its clean energy investments , including $ 80 billion in stimulus spending on energy - related projects , and its continuing support for comprehensive climate and energy legislation .
But critics in the green movement say they wish the president would play a more active role in the climate debate .
“ I think we all had higher hopes , ” said Bill Snape , senior counsel for the Center for Biological Diversity .
“ We expected a lot in the first year , and everyone agrees they did n’t quite live up to it .
But there is recognition that he and the whole administration will get another stab at it . ”
Managing director Michael Favrod said it was the first robbery at the casino Masked men have stormed a packed casino near the Swiss border city of Basle , making off with hundreds of thousands of francs , prosecutors say .
About 10 raiders pulled up at the Grand Casino in two cars just after 0400 ( 0200 GMT ) and smashed their way in , brandishing machine - guns and pistols .
The French - speaking gang ordered the 600 guests and employees to the floor while they emptied registers .
The Grand Casino describes itself as the " Swiss Las Vegas " on its website .
Reports say they could not get into the strong room despite firing on the door .
Nobody was seriously injured in the robbery .
The gang escaped in their cars , described as silver Audis with French licence plates , in the direction of France .
Basle lies on the Swiss border , with French territory just 200 m from the casino .
Sunday 's robbery has echoes of a raid on 6 March on a poker tournament at a hotel in central Berlin in which attackers armed with a pistol and a machete made off with 240,000 euros ( £ 210,000 ) in jackpot money .
German authorities say they have arrested five suspects over that raid .
' Hit and kicked '
The prosecutor 's office in Basle said in a statement that , although several shots had been fired by the robbers , no - one was injured by them .
" However , several guests and a member of the security staff were slightly hurt after being hit and kicked by the offenders , " it added .
When the gang pulled up at the casino , one smashed the door with a sledgehammer and others ran in carrying machine - guns and pistols .
The raiders are said to have escaped into France After the robbery , they fled at high speed in their cars across the border along the Flughafenstrasse ( airport road ) , the prosecutors said .
" How the offenders managed to leave Flughafenstrasse , which is in French territory , is a matter of investigations , which are being undertaken together with French authorities , " they added .
" The hunt for the perpetrators has so far been unsuccessful . "
Police were quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency that a woman who accidentally drove between the two getaway cars , blocking the casino 's exit , was pulled from her vehicle and beaten .
It was possible , they said , that the men fired a shot at another car during their escape .
Located three minutes from the EuroAirport Basle and five minutes from Basel city centre , the casino boasts more than 357 slot machines , 15 gambling tables , four bars and two restaurants .
Managing director Michael Favrod said it was the first robbery at the casino .
" One can practise such a situation but when such a situation comes true it 's always different , " he said .
" Fortunately , nobody has been hurt . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As some of you probably know , SF author , biologist , ( and friend of mine ) Peter Watts was charged a couple of months ago with assaulting a US border patrol officer .
The case has now come to trial and Peter has been found guilty of obstruction , for failing to get on the floor immediately when told to do so after being punched in the face a couple of times .
The more serious charge — that Peter had assaulted the officer in question directly — was thrown out of court .
But failure to immediately and unquestioningly obey any order by a border patrol officer is apparently " obstruction " , which in turn is a subset of " assault " , carrying a maximum 2 - year prison sentence .
( Being incapacitated — for example , due to being dazed due to having been beaten up — is not , it seems , a mitigating factor . )
The problem behind this unjust and bizarre mess is buried a couple of layers deep .
Given : the assault ( on Peter Watts , by the Border Patrol ) should n't have happened .
Nor should he have been charged , much less tried and convicted of assault in the opposite direction .
Nor should failure to immediately and unquestioningly obey an order after being punched in the face be a crime — any kind of crime .
But there 's a more alarming moral to be drawn here .
I note with some alarm that the saucepan of free international travel we 've been swimming frog - like in for decades is now steaming .
It 's not just the USA where border agencies have quietly acquired vast , unaccountable , and draconian powers .
Here in the UK , the government is responding to anti-immigration sentiment by erecting a near - iron curtain around all ports and airports , monitoring all traffic , and dealing harshly with anyone who wants to travel for reason other than tourism or business .
Ditto most of the EU ( within the EU things are as different as they are within the United States , for much the same reason — it 's a free trade / movement zone ) .
The barriers are going up all around the developed world , and while the spikes are intended to point outward , other developed world travellers get caught on them .
( I 'm not just thinking of Peter Watts here ; in SF fandom there 's also the case of Cheryl Morgan .
Just off the cuff , among friends of mine . )
Capital can flow freely , but labour is in shackles world - wide .
If you do n't see a very specific political subtext here ( being sold to the voting masses on the back of crude xenophobia and racism ) , let me be more explicit : labour wants to migrate where working conditions and pay are best .
Capital wants to invest for growth where working conditions and pay are worst .
By penning us ( the labour ) in , capital can maintain , for a while , the wage imbalances that maximize profit .
( Take raw material .
Process as cheaply as possible .
Sell for as much as possible . )
In the long term , it 's unsustainable — labour in the high - cost developed world is taking a hammering due to being uncompetitive , and wages will be forced down until it is competitive , while labour costs in the developing world are skyrocketing .
It 'll end when American and EU wages meet in the middle with Chinese and Indian wages ... unless American , EU , Chinese , and Indian wage - earners are forced to recalibrate their expectations against the DRC or Somalia .
f you do n't think this affects you , if you do n't think you 're on the same side of the barricades as the sweatshop workers in Bangladesh and the marine biologists in Toronto , you 're deluded ; unless you 've got a seven - digit trust fund to dine out on , the tidal flow of globalized capital is running against your class interests .
Welcome to the future that globalized capitalism has bought for us ( and see also the vital , pressing need for election funding reform in the USA , which is the pivot on which this whole mess revolves ) .
I 'm beginning to think that , regardless of his prescription , Karl Marx 's diagnosis of the crisis of capitalism was spot on the money .
And crap like this is going to keep happening as long as we 're workers first and citizens last .
March 21 , 2010 -- UNITYblog --
Ben Peterson is a young Australian socialist who spent four and half months in Nepal last year .
Ben is crossing the Tasman for a speaking tour of New Zealand from March 21 - 26 .
Ben was kind enough to answer some questions for UNITYblog about his experiences in Nepal .
* * *
When did you go to Nepal ?
How long were you there for ?
I was in Nepal last year from the beginning of March to July , about four and half months in total .
Why did you go to Nepal ?
I went to Nepal specifically to see the social and political transformations taking place there .
I ’d first come into contact with the revolutionary process there in 2006 , but did n’t really start to study what was happening there until 2008 when the Maoists [ United Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) , CPN ( M ) ] won the Constituent Assembly elections .
The more I read what was happening there the more excited I was .
But all the time it was really hard to find good and reliable sources of information , particularly from a progressive point of view .
So I decided that to really get a handle of what ’s happening there , I should go and see it for myself .
Where you surprised by what you experienced there ?
Well , yes I was .
It 's one thing to read about mass struggles going on , or about a peoples ’ army , basically about a revolution , but it 's totally another to go and actually see it , to meet the people involved and to see this sort of process playing out in front of you .
The level of popular engagement with politics , and how widespread the process was , was mind - blowing .
Every little village had a union office , or a party organisation or something .
It was amazing to see real revolutionary changes happening before my eyes , I could n’t really be prepared for that , no amount of books can make you really understand these sort of processes until you see them .
The UCPN ( M ) won the elections a few years ago , but then resigned from government .
Why did they do that ?
They did n’t so much leave as were forced to .
It is very important to recognise the Maoists leaving government as a coup .
When the Maoists took government , they embarked on a very ambitious program , a revolutionary one .
They started to try to provide employment opportunities and relief to the poor , but as revolutionaries and in line with the “ New Nepal ” process they started to build up new state structures and to attack the old .
This naturally brought fierce resistance from the established elite , who are ingrained into the state as it stands .
Particularly this came to a head with the continuation of the peace process and the Maoists ' legitimate attempts to dismantle the royalist military and create a new national army out of it and their People ’s Liberation Army .
The military chief was repeatedly insubordinate , made public political pronouncements and protests , and questioned the very right of the government to have control of the military .
In the name of civilian supremacy and democracy , the Maoist government naturally sacked the head of the military , which they had every right to do .
At this point however the president ( from the conservative Nepali Congress Party ) went outside of his constitutional powers and reinstated the army chief of staff .
The Maoists resigned in the name of democracy and civilian supremacy .
They left because the key institutions of the state proved not to be democratic , and did n’t answer to the people of Nepal , but to a tiny elite in Kathmandu , and the ambassadors of foreign countries .
Who is in government now ?
The current illegitimate government is now an unprincipled alliance of supposed “ communists ” , nationalists , royalists , ethnic chauvinists and bureaucrats .
The only commonality between them is that they are NOT revolutionaries , and they are against any real changes , particularly to the state , and specifically the military .
The current prime minister is Madhav Kumar Nepal .
He was defeated not once but twice in the elections ( he ran separately in two constituencies ) and only got into parliament through an after - election nomination .
The entire government is a farce .
It ’s unelected , unwanted , has no common program or aims , except to try and stop the revolution .
What does Maoism mean to the Nepalese communists ?
It ’s important to view the Nepalese Maoists as revolutionaries in their own right .
You achieve nothing by putting a historic analysis of the Chinese communists on a situation in a radically different time , place and party .
Maoism in Nepal is pro-people and very conscious of developing a fighting base .
It is open , democratic and has a strong criticism of bureaucracy .
It champions the rights of women , oppressed nationalities and castes .
It ’s a revolutionary movement challenging the state and trying to build one that is qualitatively different .
In a word , it means revolution .
What does communism mean to them ?
Well , the same thing as revolutionaries everywhere , the liberation of human society , ultimately a classless and stateless society .
What is important is what they think about how to get there .
They know that the masses of people in Nepal must be mobilised .
They actively involve and organise the masses of Nepali society into trade unions , student unions , peasants unions , women ’s associations and youth associations .
They are taking up peoples ’ day to day struggles , distributing land to the landless etc .
Also , they are conscious that they need to develop a new and fundamentally democratic state to protect the rights of people in the transition , and they importantly recognise some of the mistakes of the USSR and China in doing so .
They are aware that it is important for a new state to be developed , not just for their party to take power , and they are very conscious of the need to find ways and avenues to increase popular participation in society , especially in any new revolutionary state .
Do they see the goal of the revolution as “ socialist ” or “ communist ” or are they following some sort of “ stages theory ” where capitalism and democracy is established first ?
This is a broad mass party , so there are differences of opinion about what the revolution can achieve at the present time .
The economic and political reality of Nepal places very real limitations as to the pace that can move towards “ socialism ” , at least until there is real changes in India , or they were able to link up with broader successful revolutionary movements internationally .
Most importantly there is universal agreement within the UCPN ( M ) that a new pro-people state must be created in Nepal , and that the class nature of this state must be based on the proletariat and the peasantry .
That ’s the most important thing and there is no question around that .
There are differences of opinion however among revolutionaries as to what the tasks of this state will be and how it will have to operate while internationally imperialism is still a reality .
* * * Times and venues for Ben Peterson 's tour of New Zealand
Judaism and Jewish Apologetics ( 1997 )
" Those who wish to seek out the causes of miracles , and to understand the things of nature as philosophers , and not stare at them in astonishment like fools , are soon considered heretical and impious and proclaimed as such by those whom the mob adore as the interpreters of nature and the gods .
For these men know that once ignorance is put aside , that wonderment would be taken away which is the only means by which their authority is preserved . " [ 1 ]
- Baruch Spinoza
Preface
Most Jews will readily accept that the idol of Christianity , Jesus Christ , was neither the Messiah , nor divine , nor a perfect model for moral actions .
This is simply because - fortunately for themselves , as well as for other persons - Jews are not in the habit of reading the Christian New Testament Scriptures .
They have not been told by their parents to cherish or worship Jesus Christ when they were children , and thus they are not used to believing in the virgin birth or other absurdities .
But what about their own religion ?
To many Jews the basic tenet of Judaism and Jewish teaching is a " message of morality , tolerance , peace and human dignity " . [ 2 ]
Is this true ?
It is evident that any critique of the Jewish religion is in danger of being labeled antisemitic .
Judaism as a culture is much more than just a religion , and a person of Jewish background will be viewed - and likely view him / herself - as Jewish regardless of his / her personal religious convictions .
For this reason the present article will refer to Judaism in the way Jewish theologians usually refer to Judaism : as a religious faith .
Introduction
For several reasons Jewish believers are confronted with much less logical problems than Christian believers of most denominations .
Jews never had to cope with logical inconsistencies of the New Testament .
Accordingly , Jews in all of history also had the advantage of logic and consistency on their side , in so far as problems arose out of New Testament interpretations of verses taken from the Old Testament : this collection of sacred Scriptures is called the Tanakh by Jews and to them represents the entire Bible .
Similarly the Jewish interpretation of many Biblical passages differs significantly from Christian interpretations , often because the text of Christian Bibles was poorly translated from the Hebrew original .
For example the most well known of the Ten Commandments , usually quoted as Thou shalt not kill , which apparently even condemns killing in self - defense , to Jews always had meant
Thou shalt not murder . [ 3 ]
Since major parts of the Talmud , the second most important holy book of Judaism , consist of recorded discussions of ancient Rabbis - the Sages - on all sorts of things , which were written down including differing opinions of individual Sages , the idea that differing opinions have a place in the Jewish Faith - within certain limits , of course - has had a long tradition in most of the various streams of Judaism .
Still , for Jews believing in an all - powerful God , the " attempt to vindicate God 's goodness in the face of the existence of so much evil in the world " [ 4 ] , the logical problem already addressed by Euripides millennia ago and commonly referred to as theodicy , applies to Judaism in a similar way as to Christianity , like many other problems deriving from specific verses of the Bible [ 5 ] , and I need not delve into details already covered in arguments challenging the truth of Christianity .
Especially since the Holocaust , many Jewish theologians acknowledge that
" in all likelihood , there probably is no satisfactory answer .
One of the dangers of theodicy , in fact , is that in its attempts to justify God 's ways to man , it frequently blames man for his sufferings .
For example , one sometimes hears ultra-Orthodox Jews speak of the Holocaust as God 's punishment for Jewish irreligiosity . " [ 6 ]
Apart from the fact that such a position has been the traditional Jewish answer long before the Holocaust , indeed even long before the pogroms of the medieval crusades [ 7 ] , like other Bible oriented faithful our Jewish theologians refuse to address the obvious answer : that an almighty and loving God as described in the Bible simply cannot exist .
This is hardly surprising - after all , most theologians have to make a living of the beliefs of their religions ' followers .
For the mentioned reasons this article will instead deal with the moral aspects of the Jewish religion .
This is an all the more obvious approach , since in Judaism the " central stress has always been on performing [ God 's ] commandments , unlike in Christianity where far greater emphasis is placed on faith . " [ 8 ]
In review of a work written by an influential modern American Rabbi I will give examples of apologist claims typical for Jewish theologians , and name various reasons why these should be viewed in a critical light .
In passing the reader will also be given an introductory reading to a few Talmudic passages .
Numbers in [ brackets ] refer to the notes at the bottom of this article .
A note for Jewish readers : many Jews consider it impious to write the word G-d other than with a hyphen instead of an o .
Since many Jewish theologians write God , and since my intention is to question beliefs rather than to support them , I have not adopted this usage , intentionally , though not out of lacking respect .
Furthermore I would like to note here , out of necessity a single article as this can not deal exhaustively with every aspect or basic teaching of Judaism , so that topics considered essential by some Jews may not be addressed here , and others may not apply to all Jews .
Basic Sources
The Jewish Bible , the Tanakh , is divided into
Torah : the Five Books of Moses
the most basic of Jewish holy books ( the words means Law or Teaching ) , in services traditionally used as a Torah Scroll ,
: the Five Books of Moses the most basic of Jewish holy books ( the words means or ) , in services traditionally used as a , Nebi'im : the Prophets
and including Joshua , Judges , Samuel and Kings
: the Prophets and including Joshua , Judges , Samuel and Kings Ketubim : the Writings ,
most of the rest of the Old Testament , excluding Maccabees but including Chronicles . [ 9 ]
From ancient times the Torah was regarded as a law code , though as incomplete , since the " Torah is silent on many subjects " [ 10 ] , and therefore had to be supplemented with what tradition calls the Oral Torah , or Oral Law .
This represented the possibility to reshape or reinterpret many of the archaic laws of the Torah , for example the well - known verse an eye for an eye was explained by the Oral Law as " requiring monetary compensation : the value of an eye is what must be paid . " [ 11 ]
According to Orthodox Jewish tradition , when " God gave Moses the Torah ...
He simultaneously provided him all the details found in the Oral Law " [ 12 ] .
These were discussed by Jewish Sages in oral form in the so - called Tannaïtic period , named after the Tannaïm ( Aramaic for teachers ) , the Rabbis of the time who laid the ground for today 's Judaism .
At the time of the Jewish War with the Romans there existed primarily two streams of Judaism , the Sadducees and the Pharisees , the latter surviving the war and therefore the root of subsequent Judaism .
The Pharisees were divided into two schools in the first century , named after their founders , Hillel - maybe the most important Rabbi ever to live : Jews attribute the Golden Rule to him - and his opponent Shammai .
But already in ancient times these traditions were first written down around the year 200 C.E. by Rabbi Jehuda ha - Nasi , also known as Judah the Prince or simply as Rabbi . [ 13 ]
For this reason the Oral Torah consists of these writings , the " sixty - three tractates in which Rabbi Judah set down the Oral Law " [ 14 ] , which are called the Mishnah and constitute the basis for most Jewish religious practices .
Mishnah verses are cited giving the name of the tractate , chapter and section number , e.g. Mishnah Sanhedrin 9:6 .
Unlike the Torah , Jewish Law in the Mishnah is thus structured into orders of several tractates each , arranged according to the topics dealt with .
For example , the order " Nezikin ( Damages ) , contains ten tractates summarizing Jewish civil and criminal Law . " [ 15 ]
After generations of Rabbis exhaustively studying the Mishnah ( the word means copy or repetition ) , some of them began to write down their discussions in a series of books known as the Talmud , the Rabbis of Palestine finishing their work around 400 C.E. , which today is known as Talmud Yerushalmi or Palestine Talmud .
These additional commentaries are called the Gemara ( i.e. completion ) .
More than a century later the Rabbis of Babylon compiled a similar series of books , which is far more extensive than the Palestine Talmud , became the more authoritative version and is now called the Babylonian Talmud or Bavli .
In general the word Talmud thus refers to the Babylonian Talmud .
Both are structured in the same order as the Mishnah , and most Talmud editions contain the Mishnah .
Many Jewish schools carry the word Yeshiva in their name , although this traditionally refers to schools devoted to Talmud study . [ 16 ]
Since the original Hebrew Talmud must be copied in the same layout as certain originals [ 17 ] , a given page will always hold exactly the same verses .
Passages of the Babylonian Talmud therefore can be quoted naming the Tractate and adding the number of the page ( called folio ) and the letter a or b , referring to front or back , e.g. Babylonian Talmud , Tractate Âbodah Zarah 37a .
Occasionally a preceding letter b ( for babylonian ) or a letter j resp .
y ( for jerusalem resp .
yerushalmi ) designates the Talmud edition quoted , e.g. bBM 59b refers to the Babylonian Talmud , Tractate Bava Mesia , fol .
59 b .
Apart from these most important Jewish Scriptures there exist numerous other Rabbinical writings , some of them older than Mishnah and Talmud , for example the Tannaïtic Midrashim ( Bible commentaries ) , the most well known of which is the Midrash Sifré Deuteronomy , often simply called the Sifré [ 18 ] .
Finally , the most recent Scriptures of Judaism were written by various famous sages until the late Middle Ages .
Among the first to be mentioned are Rabbi Moses Maimonides ( 1135 - 1204 ) , whose name is often given as the acronym Rambam ( Rabbi Moses ben Maimon ) and Rabbi Shlomo ben Yitzhak ( 1040 ? - 1105 ) or Rashi .
In the Talmud the ancient Rabbis are engaged in two types of discussions : halakhic , meaning purely legal matters , and aggadic , i.e. folkloristic or ethical anecdotes [ 19 ] .
Living in accordance with God 's commandments ( mitzvot ) is considered the prime goal of Jewish life by most of the different streams of Judaism , and already Talmudic tradition stated there is a total of 613 Commandments in the Torah , which are divided into 248 Positive Commandments and 365 Negative Commandments or prohibitions . [ 20 ]
No Jew follows all of these 613 Commandments today , although they are viewed as valid for all time .
For example many are not applicable , among others those regulating the Temple services , ever since the only Jewish Temple of the Second Temple Period , the Jerusalem Temple , was destroyed in the war between Jews and Romans in 66 - 70 C.E .
Since these Commandments do not regulate every detail of Jewish life , additional laws and rulings were and still are issued by Rabbis , thus forming the whole canon of Jewish Law , the Halakha ( the word means walking or path ) .
A single decision is often referred to as a halakha , such as the prohibition to drive a car on Shabbat ( Saturday ) , the holy day of Judaism .
Observance of halakha and the Commandments are of different importance to each of the various forms of today 's Judaism , for example most Reform Jews do drive cars on Saturdays .
The most well - known body of Jewish laws , Kashrut , defines the sort and preparation of food proper to eat for pious Jews , in other words what is kosher .
Thus for most religious Jews with the exception of Reform Judaism there is no separation between religious and secular law .
In the state of Israel today several legal areas are under Rabbinical authority , especially family and marriage laws . [ 21 ]
One of the first comprehensive compilations of the 613 Commandments was written by Maimonides , the Book of Commandments ( Sefer ha- Mitzvot ) [ 22 ] , though his most well known works are the Book of Laws ( Mishneh Torah ) , and the Guide of the Perplexed ( Moreh Nebukim ) .
He is also the author of the only Jewish equivalent to dogma , the Thirteen Principles of Maimonides [ 23 ] which were accepted by almost all streams of Judaism and which cannot be discussed here in detail .
Additional information about Jewish religious observance and practices can be found on many Jewish pages on the net , and is also provided by the Ontario Center for Religious Tolerance .
Basic teaching
Ethical Monotheism
" Judaism believes that the purpose of Jewish existence is nothing less than ' to perfect the world under the rule of God ' (...)
The principle of ethical monotheism , the obligation to try to ' perfect the world under the rule of God , ' is reiterated three times a day in the Aleinu prayer , which closes the morning , afternoon , and evening prayer services .
The term ' ethical monotheism ' itself is generally credited to nineteenth - century Reform Judaism , and remains nineteenth - century Reform 's most enduring contribution to Jewish thought . " [ 24 ]
Few people would object to a better world , if this is put in such a general way .
However , it does seem worth while asking exactly what kind of ethics are promoted by the Jewish religion , so some of these will be discussed below .
The Chosen People
One of the most common associations with Jews is the idea that the Jews are the Chosen People .
" Does Judaism believe that chosenness endows Jews with special rights in the way racist ideologies endow those born into the ' right race ' ?
Not at all .
The most famous verse in the Bible on the subject of chosenness says the precise opposite : ' You alone have I singled out of all the families of the earth .
That is why I call you to account for all your iniquities ' ( Amos 3:2 ) .
Chosenness is so unconnected to any notion of race ... " [ 25 ]
Thus today 's Jewish theologians most often interpret the idea of Jewish chosenness as the special Jewish obligation to " make God known to the world , " [ 26 ] an attempt to demonstrate the Jewish chosenness does not imply that Jews are somehow superior to other people , instead have special obligations .
While there is indeed no Jewish conception of race , is it true that the idea of Jewish chosenness meaning Jews being superior to other people is incompatible with Judaism , alien to the Jewish Faith ?
Apologetics
Preliminary
As the subject of a critical review Rabbi Joseph Telushkin 's Jewish Literacy .
The Most Important Things to Know About the Jewish Religion , Its People , and Its History ( New York : Morrow 1991 ) was chosen here as an exemplary work of Jewish apologetics for three reasons :
As a compendium of Jewish religious and cultural knowledge this book offers the critic the opportunity to address the major topics of Jewish apologetics in a consistent way and from the same source , intended to address the layman the work does not specialize too deeply or too exclusively in details of theological argument , though on the other hand , contrary even to other publications of the same author [ 27 ] , the intellectual level and scholarly style of argumentation of this work seems to justify a reasonable discussion , as an influential American Rabbi Telushkin is comparably well - known and his text does not concentrate on a single one of the five main forms of today 's Judaism , so this work may be viewed as sufficiently representative for the beliefs of most religious Jews .
Although an evident approach of reviewing a book is to follow the order of the contents , I decided to address the topics dealt with here not always in the order they appear in Telushkin 's text , but arranged in order of their importance , familiarity , or relevance to basic concepts of Jewish religious identity .
On occasion other theologians ' writings will be considered as well .
The Bible
" The Hebrew Bible has been the most influential book in human history ; both Judaism and Christianity consider it to be one of their major religious texts .
Several of its central ideas - that there is One God over all mankind , and one universal standard of morality ; that people are obligated to care for the poor , the widow and the orphan , and the stranger ; that people should refrain from work one day a week , and dedicate themselves to make that day holy ; and that the Jews have been chosen by God to spread
His message to the world - have transformed both how men and women have lived , and how they have understood their existence , " we read in the opening chapter of this compendium of Jewish knowledge . [ 28 ]
While probably no one will argue with the first two statements of the above paragraph , further reading and other sources show almost all of the other claims to be at least questionable concerning either the validity or the implicitly inferred positive impact of the Bible 's teachings on humanity in history and present .
This is the subject of the following discussion .
God
Any discussion of a monotheistic religion should begin with its central idea , the existence of a supernatural being as the first cause and creator of the world .
This is not the place to discuss general philosophical or logical problems with this theistic conception .
Still , referring to difficulties with belief in a god as described in the Bible , Telushkin writes :
" When people tell me that they would find it easier to believe in God were they to see a miracle with their own eyes , I refer them to the thirty - second chapter of Exodus .
No generation in history should have had an easier time believing and trusting in God than the Israelites in the desert .
These liberated slaves had just witnessed the Ten Plagues , escaped through the miraculously parted Red Sea , and beheld God 's glory at Mount Sinai .
Nonetheless , when Moses tarried on Mount Sinai for forty days , they panicked ...
Very quickly , a large mound of jewelry is gathered and molded into a Golden Calf . (...)
God is furious .
Like an angry parent wishing to shift responsibility to His spouse , He tells Moses that ' the people that you brought up out of the land of Egypt have dealt corruptly ' ( 32:7 ) .
He wants to destroy Israel and give Moses a better people to lead . " [ 29 ]
While the Israelites may have had other reasons for their loss of faith , already ancient texts show , that to some people the biblical conception of God was unacceptable for reasons Telushkin does not even notice .
A gnostic text of the first century comments on the Jewish god :
" But of what sort is this God ?
First [ he ] envied Adam that he should eat from the tree of knowledge .
And secondly he said , ' Adam , where are you ? '
And God does not have foreknowledge ... afterwards he said , ' Let us cast him [ out ] of this place , lest he eat of the tree of life and live for ever . '
Surely he has shown himself to be a malicious envier .
And what kind of God is this ?
... he said , ' I am the jealous God ; I will bring the sins of the fathers upon the children until three ( and ) four generations .' ...
But these things he has said to those who believe in him [ and ] serve him ! " [ 30 ]
Jewish theologian Hyam Maccoby , who presented this quote as evidence of antisemitism in ancient times , does not comment with a single word on these qualities of God , an approach not at all unusual for theologians . [ 31 ]
Yet often pagans were repelled not by Jewish persons but Jewish conceptions of God :
" But what sort of imitation of God is praised among the Hebrews ?
Anger and wrath and fierce jealousy .
For God says ( Num xxv : 11 ) ' Phinehas hath turned away my wrath among them ' . (...) ' For I am a jealous God ' , ( Exod xx : 5 ) , he [ Moses ] says , and in another place again ( Deut iv : 24 ) , ' Our God is a consuming fire ' .
Then if a man is jealous and envious you think him blameworthy , whereas if God is called jealous you think it a divine quality ? " [ 32 ]
Adam , Eve , and the Creation of Man
One of the most well known tales of the Bible is the narration of God 's creation of man and Adam and Eve as ancestors of all humanity .
" Genesis ' assertion that all mankind descend from this one couple is the basis for the biblical view that human beings - of all races and religions - are brothers and sisters . " [ 33 ]
Telushkin here would have his readers believe the impact and goal of this basic biblical and Jewish teaching - " that all mankind descend from this one couple " - was to make clear all humans are brothers and sisters .
Are we then to conclude we should treat other people , especially those not belonging to our own ethnic or religious denomination , as brothers and sisters ?
This already appears dubious if one considers other excerpts from the same Torah text , especially God 's commandment to the Israelites to exterminate certain other peoples such as the Canaanites ( e.g. Deuteronomy 7 ) , which will be discussed in detail below .
But the basic problem of this implicit argument of Telushkin can be shown more explicitly in the texts of one of the greatest teachers of Jewish law and ethics ever to live , Rabbi Maimonides , which were written more than a millennium after this basic premise , that all men descend from Adam , was available to Jews .
Moreover , the following passage has the advantage of directly addressing this common ancestry , referring to Esau , grandson of Abraham , the ancestor of all Jews ( Genesis 25:19 - 25 ) .
In Maimonides ' Book of Commandments we read :
( Positive commandment ) 188 The extinction of Amalek .
By this injunction we are commanded that among the descendants of Esau we are to exterminate only the seed of Amalek , male and female , young and old .
This injunction is contained in his words ( exalted be He ) , Thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalek .
We have already quoted from the Sifré : " Three Commandments were laid upon the Israelites at the time of their entry into the Land : to appoint a king over themselves , to build the Sanctuary , and to annihilate the offspring of Amalek . "
This war against Amalek is also obligatory .
The provisions of this Commandment are explained in the eighth chapter of Sotah . [ 34 ]
Obviously his common ancestry with the Amalekites and " Judaism 's abhorrence of bloodshed " [ 35 ] to this Jewish teacher presented no contradiction to God 's commandment to annihilate these " brothers and sisters . "
Moreover , this commandment ( among many others ) demonstrates that the concept of Holy War ( milhemet mitzva , obligatory war ) is not unique to Christianity ( Crusade ) or Islam ( Jihad ) but common to all three monotheistic religions based on the tradition of Abraham . [ 35 ]
The Ten Commandments
Many Jews consider the Ten Commandments to be the major contribution of the Jewish people to humanity 's conception of ethics .
Rabbi Telushkin writes :
" ... the Ten Commandments is the cornerstone document of Jewish and Western morality ... " [ 37 ]
Should we believe then , that without the Decalogue , there would be no morality ?
Already in ancient times this question has been answered well by the last pagan ruler of the Roman Empire :
" That is a surprising law of Moses , I mean the famous decalogue [ Exod xx:14ff ] : ' Thou shalt not steal ' , ' Thou shalt not kill ' , ' Thou shalt not bear false witness , '
(...)
Now except for the command ' Thou shalt not worship other gods , ' and ' Remember the Sabbath day , ' what nation is there , I ask in the name of the gods , which does not think that it ought to keep the other commandments ?
So much so that penalties have been ordained against those who transgress them , sometimes more severe , sometimes similar to those enacted by Moses , though they are sometimes more humane . " [ 38 ]
Kashrut
One of the most well - known issues of Halakha ( religious law ) is Kashrut , Jewish dietary law .
Modern Rabbis often claim that one major issue of these regulations was the ethical imperative to prevent cruelty to animals .
Writes Telushkin :
" Some laws ... that are predominantly ritualistic have strong ethical components .
The laws of kashrut , for example , are generally regarded as the epitome of purely ritual legislation .
Nonetheless , kashrut regulates that an animal that is to be eaten must be slaughtered with one stroke , so that it suffers the minimum pain possible ...
Clearly , then , the laws of kosher slaughter are concerned with the ethical treatment of animals as well as with ritual . " [ 39 ]
" Jewish law obligates the shoket [ slaughterer ] to kill the animal with one quickly drawn stroke against its throat .
If he delays the stroke , thus needlessly prolonging death , the animal is rendered unkosher and Jews are forbidden to eat it . " [ 40 ]
Not surprisingly , Telushkin here fails to give any references for his claims of the ethical implications of Jewish dietary law .
The reader who wants to know more and therefore looks up the relevant passages from the Jewish Scriptures is bound to be disappointed [ 41 ] .
None of these even mention the animal 's pain , not once . [ 42 ]
Instead , one reads for example , concerning the question which slaughter is valid :
He who slaughters [ cuts through ] two heads [ of cattle ] simultaneously - his act of slaughter is valid .
Mishnah Hullin 2:2 [ 43 ]
When the slaughterer moved the knife forward but not backward , or backward but not forward .
But if he moved it forward and backward , however short the knife , even with a scalpel , it is valid .
Babylonian Talmud , Tractate Hullin 31a [ 44 ]
' If the slaughter of a terefah - animal [ unclean ] renders clean it and a limb that is dangling from it , that is , something that is part of the body of the animal , should it render clean the protruding limb of the foetus , something that is not part of the body ? '
They said to him , ' In some instances , through the act of slaughter , you can more effectively save what is not a primary part of the body than what is a primary part of the body . '
For we learned : ' If one cuts off part of the offspring ( of the animal to be slaughtered ) which is in its womb - it what is cut off , is permitted to be eaten .
If he cut off part of the spleen or kidneys of the beast itself , it is prohibited to be eaten .
Babylonian Talmud , Tractate Hullin 73a [ 45 ]
Of course it is impossible to present all the relevant details of Kashrut regulations here , but already these excerpts show that the Sages were concerned about ritual cleanliness and not in any way interested in the pain of the animal .
Moses
More than any other person acting in the Bible it is the character of Moses who is most often associated with Judaism .
We read :
" Along with God , it is the figure of Moses ( Moshe ) who dominates the Torah .
Acting at God 's behest , it is he who leads the Jews out of slavery , unleashes the Ten Plagues against Egypt , guides the freed slaves for forty years in the wilderness , carries down the law from Mount Sinai , and prepares the Jews to enter the land of Canaan .
Without Moses , there would be little apart from laws to write about in the last four books of the Torah . (...)
Like a true parent , Moses rages at the Jews when they sin , but he never turns against them - even when God does . " [ 46 ]
It must be acknowledged that on another occasion Telushkin mentions in exactly what way Moses " rages at the Jews , "
" At Moses ' direction the Levites - the only tribe not to have participated in the sin of worshiping the Golden Calf - ungird their swords and kill three thousand sinners . " [ 47 ]
I leave it to the reader to compare these paragraphs to original biblical accounts of Moses ' actions .
Exodus 32 26 [ T ] hen Moses stood in the gate of the camp , and said , " Who is on the L ORD 's side ?
Come to me ! "
And all the sons of Levi gathered around him .
27 He said to them , " Thus says the L ORD , the God of Israel , " Put your sword on your side , each of you !
Go back and forth from gate to gate throughout the camp , and each of you kill your brother , your friend , and your neighbor . "
28 The sons of Levi did as Moses commanded , and about three thousand of the people fell on that day .
29 Moses said , " Today , you have ordained yourselves for the service of the L ORD , each one at the cost of a son or a brother , and so have brought a blessing on yourselves this day . "
Numbers 31 1 The L ORD spoke to Moses , saying , 2 " Avenge the Israelites on the Midianites ; afterward you shall be gathered to your people . "
3 So Moses said to the people , " Arm some of your number for the war , so that they may go against Midian , to execute the L ORD 's vengeance on Midian .
(...) 7
They did battle against Midian , as the L ORD had commanded Moses , and killed every male .
8
They killed the kings of Midian , Evi , Rekem , Zur , Hur , and Reba , the five kings of Midian , in addition to others who were slain by them ; and they also killed Balaam son of Beor with the sword .
9
The Israelites took the women of Midian and their little ones captive ; and they took all their cattle , their flocks , and their goods as booty .
10
All their towns where they had settled , and all their encampments , they burned .
(...) 13 Moses , and Eleazar the priest , and all the leaders of the congregation went to meet them outside the camp .
14 Moses became angry with the officers of the army , the commanders of thousands and the commanders of hundreds , who had come from service in the war .
15 Moses said to them , " Have you allowed all the women to live ?
16 These women here , on Balaam 's advice , made the Israelites act treacherously against the L ORD in the affair of Peor , so that the plague came among the congregation of the L ORD .
17 Now therefore , kill every male among the little ones , and kill every woman that has known a man by sleeping with him .
18 But all the young girls who have not known a man by sleeping with him , keep alive for yourselves .
As is so often the case in the original sources of the Jewish religion ( Torah , Talmud ) , idolatry is considered a crime the abolition of which apparently justifies the vilest atrocities , including the slaying of one 's brothers or the enemy 's women because they may have led the Israelites astray from the Lord .
Often Jewish theologians rationalize this by stating that the nations around the Israelites ( e.g. the Canaanites , see below ) practiced human sacrifices , the abolition of which is explained to be the rationale behind the Torah 's abhorrence of Idolatry :
" God 's disavowal of Isaac 's sacrifice is , in fact , the first attack on child sacrifice in any literature .
Later , the Torah formalized this prohibition among its 613 commandments : ' Do not allow any of your offspring to be offered up to Molech ' it commands in Leviticus 18:21 ... " [ 48 ]
" ' You shall utterly destroy them ... as the Lord your God commanded you , lest they lead you into doing all the abhorrent things that they have done for their gods and you stand guilty before the Lord your God ' ( Deuteronomy 20:17 - 18 ) .
The Torah explicitly warns the Hebrews against copying the Canaanites ' sexual perversities and rituals involving child sacrifice ... " [ 49 ]
" People who reject God invariably find something else to worship , and any time people worship something other than God they are committing idolatry ( avodah zara ) ...
The Torah was more horrified and angered by the ritual of child sacrifice than by any other aspect of avodah zara .
Among the Hebrews , child sacrifice had been outlawed from their very beginnings ( see The Binding of Isaak / Akedat Yitzchak ) .
British scholar Louis Jacobs has argued ... : ' Nowhere in the prophetic writings are the [ non- Jewish ] nations condemned for worshipping their gods , only for the ethical abominations such as child sacrifice associated with the worship . '
In addition to child sacrifice the Jews ' idolatrous neighbours practiced bestiality ... " [ 50 ]
Apart from the fact that it is not very convincing to justify the slaying of one 's idolatrous brothers or neighbors , or even the annihilation of entire populations to abolish human sacrifices for the sake of the " sanctity of human life " - an argument also used by Christians as a justification for exterminating the native populations in the New World - in the case of the Golden Calf that was out of question , there is no mention of human sacrifice , although burnt offerings and the wrath of God are mentioned ( Exodus 32:6 - 10 ) .
The Torah may have been " more horrified and angered by the ritual of child sacrifice than by any other aspect " of idolatry , but obviously it was not horrified by slavery ( Leviticus 25:44 ) , genocide ( Deuteronomy 7:2 , Deuteronomy 20:16 , see below ) , rape of women taken prisoner in war ( Numbers 31:18 , Deuteronomy 21:14 [ 51 ] ) , the slaying of children ( Numbers 31:17 ) , execution of unbelievers ( Exodus 22:20 ) , and denunciation and execution even of one 's own wife or brother for loss of faith ( Deuteronomy 13:6 - 8 ) , all of which is given as a commandment by God in the Torah .
The Promised Land and its Native Population
Contrary to most other theological apologists - especially Christian theologians - Rabbi Telushkin addresses one of the most problematical aspects of any belief system founded upon the biblical texts , the Bible 's advocacy of genocide .
How does a Jewish Rabbi deal with this subject ?
" The Bible 's depiction of the early Hebrews is anything but flattering .
Their most notable failing is recurrent lapses into idolatry , influenced , in large measure , by the Canaanite nations among whom they live .
This is the backdrop for the most morally problematic command in the Torah - to wipe out the Canaanite nations who refuse to leave Israel : ' Thou shalt utterly destroy them ... as the Lord your God commanded you ...'
(...)
As important , the main reason these injunctions so disturb us , is because the Bible itself has sensitized us to high standards of respect for human life .
As the late Princeton philosopher Walter Kaufmann wrote , ' The reproach of callousness and insufficient social conscience can hardly be raised .
Our social conscience comes largely from the religion of Moses . '
In large measure it is only because of other verses in the Bible commanding us to love our neighbors and to love the stranger that the verses commanding total war trouble us .
' [ But ] to find the spirit of the religion of the Old Testament in Joshua , ' Kaufmann noted , 'is like finding the distinctive genius of America in the men who slaughtered the Indians . ' " [ 52 ]
While Rabbi Telushkin certainly deserves respect for at least mentioning this problem , and while it would certainly be wrong to blame the ancient Israelites or even Jews for such horrid morals of warfare [ 53 ] , the question arises - if it is indeed the Bible which " sensitized us " to more humane ethics - why it took more than two millennia before genocide was first officially addressed as a crime by a committee of societies consisting of a majority of Bible believers ( incidentally this was the achievement of the tireless efforts of an infidel Jewish lawyer , Raphael Lemkin [ 54 ] ) .
This question becomes all the more evident since we have indeed verifiable evidence of how biblical ethics affected the behavior of historical societies confronted with exactly this moral problem .
Since Telushkin obviously does not refer exclusively to Jewish Bible believers in this paragraph - and in any case most Jewish societies of the past two millennia were a suppressed minority lacking political power , so that Jewish warfare was out of question - this evidence may be derived from Christian societies .
The Crusades come to mind , but we can even look at what Telushkin himself has given as example .
Apparently Christian colonists - " the men who slaughtered the Indians " - rarely were impressed by the Biblical ethics of " respect for human life " enough not to view native peoples as the Canaanites whom the Bible commanded them to exterminate .
This can be shown for Spaniards who sacked the civilizations of Southern and Meso - America in the sixteenth century :
" Martín Fernández de Enciso , a geographer who had been among the founders of the colony at Darien , expounded the thesis that the Indies had been given to Spain ... just as Canaan had been given to the Jews .
The Spaniards , he insisted , could , therefore , treat the Indians as Joshua treated the citizens of Jericho , " [ 55 ]
we read about the conquest of the native empire of Mexico .
Among the Puritan colonists of Massachusetts we find a professional interpreter of the Bible 's teachings express a similar opinion : Puritan divine Cotton Mather , who is well known in connection with the Salem Witch Hunt of 1692 , wrote :
" It is possible that some of the [ native ]
Americans may be the posterity of those Canaanites who , after the wars of Canaan , set up their pillars in Africa [ sic ] . " [ 56 ]
Moreover , in this case we have explicit evidence of what " the men who slaughtered the Indians " had in mind .
After one massacre in the summer of 1636 the Puritan commander - in - charge John Mason wrote :
" And indeed such a dreadful Terror did the Almighty let fall upon their Spirits , that they would fly from us and run into the very Flames , where many of them perished ...
God was above them , who laughed his Enemies and the Enemies of his People to Scorn , making them as a fiery Oven ...
Thus did the Lord judge among the Heathen , filling the Place with dead Bodies , " [ 57 ]
referring to the slain Pequot Indians including women , children , and old men .
In connection with the idea of the Promised Land , on another occasion again
" the Lord was pleased to smite our Enemies in the hinder Parts , and to give us their land for an inheritance " [ 58 ] .
Mason 's comrade Underhill recalled how " great and doleful was the bloody sight to the view of the young soldiers " yet reassured his readers that " sometimes the Scripture declareth women and children must perish with their parents " . [ 59 ]
Witnessing such standards of total war was appalling even to these Indians ' native enemies :
" ... Mason led his forces and some accompanying Narragansetts ( who long had been at odds with the Pequots ) in a clandestine assault on the main Pequot village just before dawn .
Upon realizing that Mason was planning nothing less than a wholesale massacre , the Narragansetts dissented and withdrew to the rear . " [ 60 ]
(...)
" Mason himself counted the Pequot dead at six or seven hundred , with only seven taken captive and seven escaped .
It was , he said joyfully , ' the just Judgment of God . '
The Narragansetts who had accompanied the Puritans on their march did not share the Englishmen 's joy .
This indiscriminate carnage was not the way warfare was to be carried out .
' Mach it , mach it , ' Underhill reports their shouting ; ' that is , ' he translates , ' It is naught , it is naught , because it is too furious , and slays too many men . '
Too many Indians , that was .
Only two of the English died in the slaughter . " [ 61 ]
Indeed it is easy to show that the concepts of warfare prevalent in European societies was alien to the native populations of Northern America :
" Warfare among the native peoples had no ' dissipline ' about it , complained Captain Henry Spelman , so that when Indians fought there was no great ' slawter of nether side ' ; instead , once ' having shott away most of their arrows , ' both sides commonly ' weare glad to retier . '
Indeed , so comparatively harmless was inter-tribal fighting , noted John Underhill , that ' they might fight seven yeares and not kill seven men . '
Added Roger Williams : ' Their Warres are farre lesse bloudy , and devouring than the cruell Warres of Europe ; and seldom twenty slain in a pitcht field ...'
(...)
In addition , the Indians ' code of honor ' ordinarily spared the women and children of their adversaries . ' " [ 62 ]
In short , Telushkin 's claim that it was the Bible itself which " sensitized us to high standards of respect for human life " ( a claim often paralleled by Christian theologians ) can hardly be backed up with evidence , to say the least .
This becomes even more obvious if we take into account what ancient European authors , who were not influenced by the teachings of the Bible , expressed about ethics of warfare , Roman lawyer and philosopher Marcus Tullius Cicero ( ca. 44 B.C.E. ) , to name but one example :
" Certain duties are also to be observed , even towards those who have wronged you ; for there is a mean even in revenge and punishments .
Nay , I am not certain whether it is not sufficient for the person who has injured you to repent of the wrong done , so that he may never be guilty of the like in the future , and that others may not be so forward to offend in the same manner .
Now , in government the laws of war are to be most especially observed ; for since there are two manners of disputing , one by debating , the other by fighting , though the former characterises men , the latter , brutes , if the former cannot be adopted , recourse must be had to the latter .
Wars , therefore , are to be undertaken for this end , that we may live in peace without being injured ; but when we obtain the victory , we must preserve those enemies who behaved without cruelty or inhumanity during the war ... "
De Off. , I ,11,35 [ 63 ] .
Comparing this quotation of a pagan 's morality with what the famous teacher of Jewish Law , Rabbi Maimonides , wrote more than a thousand years later :
( Positive commandment ) 187 The Law of the Seven Nations
By this injunction we are commanded to exterminate the Seven Nations that inhabited the Land of Canaan , because they constituted the root and very foundation of idolatry .
This injunction is contained in His words ( exalted be He ) , Thou shalt utterly destroy them .
It is explained in many texts that the object was to safeguard us from imitating their apostasy .
There are many passages in Scripture which strongly urge and exhort us to exterminate them , and war against them is obligatory .
One might think that this Commandment is not binding for all time , seeing that the seven nations have long ceased to exist , but that opinion will be entertained only by one who has not grasped the distinction between Commandments which are binding for all time and those which are not ...
If the Lord completely destroys and exterminates the Amalekites - and may this come to pass speedily in our days , in accordance with his promise ( exalted be He ) ... shall we then say that the injunction thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalek is not binding for all time ?
We can not say so ; the injunction is binding for all time , as long as descendants of Amalek exist , they must be exterminated .
Similarly in the case of the Seven Nations , their destruction and extermination is binding upon us , and the war against them is obligatory : we are commanded to root them out and pursue them throughout all generations until they are destroyed completely . [ 64 ]
( Negative commandment ) 49 Failing to observe the law concerning the Seven Nations
By this prohibition we are forbidden to spare the life of any man belonging to one of the Seven Nations , so that they may not corrupt people and lead them astray into idol - worship .
This prohibition is contained in His words ( exalted be He ) , Thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth .
To slay them is a positive Commandment , as we have explained in dealing with Positive Commandment 187 .
Whoever contravenes this prohibition , by failing to slay any of them whom he could have slain , thereby infringes a Negative Commandment . [ 65 ]
Rabbi Telushkin comments on the Torah 's commandment " to wipe out the Canaanite nations " :
" To place the Bible 's aggressive and cruel mode of warfare in context , one must remember that three thousand years ago , this is how wars were fought .
(...)
The Bible 's troubling ethics of warfare can perhaps best be explained in terms of monotheism 's struggle to survive .
Monotheism started out as a minority movement with a different theology and ethical system than the rest of the world .
It expanded and developed because it had one small corner in the world where it could grow unmolested . " [ 66 ]
In other words , in order for a religion to survive , entire populations - men , women , children , and infants - had to be mercilessly butchered and exterminated ( " pursue them throughout all generations until they are destroyed completely " ) .
This then , if we are to believe Telushkin , is how a universal standard of morality and ethics was introduced to humanity .
Women
Jewish theologians and cultural historians often claim that their religion was among the first to improve the status of women , and in this context especially the Jewish custom of making a marriage contract , the ketubbah , is mentioned :
" The status of the woman was greatly enhanced by the marriage contract ( ketubbah ) , which provided a considerable payment in the event of her being divorced or widowed . " [ 67 ]
Referring to the reforms introduced by Pharisaic Rabbis to Judaism of the first century , Jewish theologian Hyam Maccoby writes :
" An important area of Pharisee reform was in matters relating to the status of women .
We have seen already that one humiliating ordeal prescribed for some women by the Bible was suspended , so much so that the status of women in Pharisaic Judaism ( contrary to what has often been said ) was far higher than that found in Christian countries until very recent times .
Thus a married woman , in Pharisaic law , did not lose property rights ...
A marriage document , known as the Ketubah , was instituted , stating the rights of the wife in full , and this document , owned by every Jewish wife to this day , guarantees her property rights in all circumstances . " [ 68 ]
But as has been observed by a study specializing in research on the position of women in ancient Judaism :
" The ketubbah is cited by many scholars as evidence of an improvement in women 's status during the Second Temple period , as compared to the period of the Bible .
A more cautious conclusion is to be preferred ... " , [ 69 ]
" ... the woman , according already to biblical law , cannot be her husband 's heir , nor can a daughter be her father 's heir , except when she has no brothers . (...)
Yet the close contact between Jews of the Second Temple period and the neighboring cultures , particularly Roman , in which a daughter was considered an heir on equal footing with a son , gave rise to a sharp controversy between the Pharisees and Sadducees ...
The Palestinian Talmud also preserves this controversy , and adds : ' the sages of the Gentiles say : A son and a daughter have equal footing as heirs ' ( yBB 8.1 , 16a ) , which precisely identifies the source of the Sadducean [ sic ! ] idea . " [ 70 ]
It is therefore interesting to find that even in the cuneiform documents of the ancient Babylonian society of three thousand years ago marriage contracts such as the later Jewish ketubbah were anything else but uncommon .
To give but one example :
" Laqipum has married Hatala , daughter of Enishru ...
Should Laqipum choose to divorce her ... he must pay ( her ) five minas of silver ; and should Hatala choose to divorce him [ sic ! ] , she must pay ( him ) five minas of silver .
Witnesses : Masa , Ashurishtikal , Talia , Shupianika ... " [ 71 ]
It may be of further interest to note that roughly two millennia after the conditions of this contract were put down to form this document , a German Jewish Rabbi , Rabbi Gershom , first decreed divorces without the woman 's consent illegal in Jewish societies , the same Rabbi who put a ban on polygamy in the tenth century . [ 72 ] .
Referring to the ancient Rabbis ' opinions on women the above mentioned study also finds :
" A woman has no wisdom , except in handling her spindle " ( Rabbi Eliezer , bYoma 66 b ) . "
" women are gluttonous " ( mToh. 7.9 ; tToh.8.16 ) ,
" they give off a strong odor of perspiration ( ' she must use perfume ' ) , they have a higher voice ( ' her voice is penetrating ' )
( all examples from Gen.R.17,8 )
The rabbis explained all this differences on the basis of the story of creation , as R.Joshua explained to his disciples ( ibid. ) : women have a bad odor because they were created from flesh and not , like men , from earth ... " [ 73 ]
In general , according to the Rabbinical writings , women should stay at their homes :
" The rabbis very clear notion , then , was that the tasks to which women should devote themselves are all confined to the house . " [ 74 ]
This view is supported by the results of another author 's research :
" As evidenced by the chores prescribed in the Mishnah for wives , women were responsible for guaranteeing that the food eaten , the methods by which it was prepared , were all in accord with rabbinic interpretations of kashrut .
They were not necessarily , however , responsible for the food 's purchase , which would have required them to venture out into the public markets , " [ 75 ]
which is exactly the reason why famous Jewish historian Josephus Flavius , referring to the Jewish War of 66 - 70 C.E. ,
" ... in his description of the siege of Jerusalem , reports that because of the famine men died in the streets but women on the roofs of their houses . " [ 76 ]
A similar situation held for the official positions granted to women in religious congregations in ancient Jewish societies , namely the question if there could be women Rabbis :
" Evidence for women 's charismatic leadership in Greco - Roman Jewish communities is virtually nil . " [ 77 ]
In contrast , women priests were quite common in non-Jewish ancient societies - Greek and Roman alike :
" Beginning with the Hellenistic period , evidence for women 's cultic offices abounds , not only for traditional Greek and Roman worship , but for new , imported , and transformed cults , including numerous so - called mysteries , and roman emperor worship . " [ 78 ]
This , however , is not to say that Jewish women never had the opportunity of fulfilling an important role in Jewish societies of ancient times :
" From Diaspora communities comes the most important evidence for the participation of Jewish women in the public life of Jewish communities , including the synagogue .
(...)
But we should be sensitive to the possibility that women 's leadership was particularly likely in Jewish synagogues with relatively high numbers of proselytes ( male and female ) for whom the participation of women in public life , including religious collegia , was familiar and acceptable , "
[ 79 ]
which may be the reason why Maccoby , in giving another example of the alleged comparatively high status of women in ancient Judaism names as positions Jewish women held in ancient synagogues not Hebrew titles but the Latin and Greek archisynagogissa ( ' head of synagogue ' ) and presbytera ( ' elder ' or ' member of council ' ) , which were taken from excavations of ancient synagogues . [ 80 ]
In any case women priests , or rather , female persons educated as Jewish religious authorities , had to wait another two thousand years , until the 20th century : the first female Rabbi in history was Regina Jonas , whose ordination - the semikha - took place 1935 in Germany ( which probably was not a wise thing to do at the time ) [ 81 ] .
To conclude :
" ... there is conceivably some relationship between monotheism and the exclusion of women from Jewish and Christian priesthood , an exclusion that carries over to monotheistic Islam as well .
When divinity is perceived to be one , and the gender of that divinity effectively presented as masculine in language , imagery , and so forth , perhaps only the sex which shares that gender is perceived as able to perform priestly functions .
Conversely among Greeks and Romans both the gods and their clergy came in two genders . " [ 82 ]
One Standard of Morality : Widows , Orphans , and Strangers
There is no room here to go into a lengthy discussion of the question how much the Bible actually was the basis for our ethics today .
It is obvious that other societies also had developed their own standards of morality , so a few examples should suffice to demonstrate that Telushkin 's claim of the Bible being the very foundation or source of our " universal standard of morality " is at least questionable .
Three thousand years ago , the Babylonian Counsel of Wisdom recommended , apart from worship of various gods :
To the feeble show kindness ,
Do not insult the downtrodden ,
Do charitable deeds , render service all your days ...
Do not utter libel , speak of what is of good report ,
Do not say evil things , speak well of people ...
[ 83 ]
Also in Asia of Biblical times such a " standard of morality " can be shown :
" Like Confucius , Mo-tzu ( sixth century BCE ) believed that everyone in society would flourish , live in peace with one another , and find the happiness they desire , to the degree that they lived in conformity to the t'ien - chih ( ' will of heaven ' ) ...
Mo-tzu believed that human love should be modelled on the will of Heaven , which , he held , loves everyone equally .
Hence , love should be extended to all persons everywhere without distinction .
Mo -tzu condemned the ethic of family loyalty as the root cause of all social conflict and warfare [ sic ! ] .
In its place he posited the principle of universal love . " [ 84 ]
Similarly in the case of the ancient Greek and Roman societies one finds :
" In ancient Greek society charity was synonymous with love ( agape ) , philantropia , eleos , and philoxenia , and it was manifested through benevolent deeds on behalf of those in need ...
The care of strangers and suppliants was an ethical imperative because such people had been placed under the direct aegis of the divinity .
Zeus became known as Xenios , ' protector of strangers . '
This imperative is expressed in Homer 's Odyssey : ' Receive strangers regardless of who they may be ' ;
' That man is sacred who welcomes a wayfaring stranger . '
(...)
Whether for the sake of honor or other motives , much charity was practised in the Roman empire , especially in the alimenta , measures introduced to assist orphans and poor children .
Initiated by private philanthropists , the system was adopted by the imperial government after the reign of Nerva ( 96-98 ) . " [ 85 ]
Especially the protection and rights of strangers is often presented as evidence of the impact of Jewish morality on the development of the ethics of today 's Western societies , though we have already seen that such ideas were not uncommon even in ancient pagan Rome and Greece .
Writes Telushkin :
" The Biblical rationale ' for you were strangers in the land of Egypt ' is repeated many times to remind Jews of their obligations to the non-Jews in their midst :
' You shall not wrong a stranger or oppress him , for you were strangers in the land of Egypt ' ( Exodus 22:20 ) " [ 86 ]
Here Rabbi Telushkin fails to tell his reader the Hebrew term ger ( stranger viz. convert ) was understood by the Sages and the Talmud to refer to a proselyte , and thus not referring to a non -Jew at all .
Consequently , for a Gentile there are other Hebrew terms , such as nokhri and goy . [ 87 ]
Another modern Rabbi put it more bluntly :
[ They say ] " But the Bible tells us to love the stranger .
The Bible declares that there shall be one law for you or the stranger . "
Again , even if it were true that the Hebrew word in the Bible - ger - which is wrongly translated " stranger , " meant the non-Jewish foreigner , of course it would mean that one should not oppress or persecute that non-Jew who is allowed to live in Israel as a ger - toshaw , resident stranger ...
It does not mean that he must be given the right to be equal politically , a citizen , one who has a say in the character and running of the state .
But more than that , the rabbis make it clear that the general use of the word ger in the Bible refers to what they term a ger tzedek , a gentile who has converted and become a Jew .
The warning is not to offend him or treat him in any way differently from the one who was born Jewish .
And this is what is expressly stated in the Chinuch ( Commandment 63 ) ... " [ 88 ]
This is also what Maimonides explicitly had laid down referring to this Commandment :
Positive Commandment 207
Loving the stranger
By this injunction we are commanded to love the stranger .
It is contained in His words ( exalted be He ) , Love ye therefore the stranger .
Now although the stranger [ referred to in this verse ] is one who has become a proselyte to Judaism , and as such is included in [ the congregation of ] Israel - so that His words ,
Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself , apply to him - yet because he adopted the Faith , the Lord enjoined more love for him , and added a special Commandment in his behalf ... [ 89 ]
In contrast , on how to deal with non-Jews , Maimonides had stated , for example :
Positive Commandment 198 Interest
By this injunction we are commanded to exact interest from a heathen to whom we lend money , so as not to help him , but rather to harm him , even in lending money , by demanding interest , which we are forbidden to do in the case of an Israelite ... [ 90 ]
It is to be noted , however , that many other sources and Rabbis , in disagreement with Maimonides , declare this to be a permission rather than an obligation [ 91 ] .
Still there is obviously not much love for the non-Jewish stranger in this commandment .
As has already been stated above , Jews often attribute the Golden Rule to the first - century Rabbi Hillel , similar to Christians who attribute it to Jesus :
" Most Christians , and many Jews , believe that the ' golden rule ' was first formulated by Jesus , not realizing that when the founder of Christianity preached , ' Love your neighbour , ' he was simply quoting the Hebrew Bible .
In the first century B.C.E. , more than a thousand years after the Torah was given , a would - be convert asked Hillel , the greatest Rabbi of his age , to summarize Judaism briefly ( literally , ' while standing on one foot ' ) .
Hillel responded with a negative - and perhaps more pragmatic - version of the biblical verse : ' What is hateful to you , do n't do unto your neighbour .
The rest is commentary - now go and study ' ( Shabbat 31a ) . " [ 92 ]
Another theologian indicates there is more to be said about the matter :
" Hillel , when asked by a prospective proselyte to sum up the whole of Judaism , answered , What is hateful to you , do not to your fellow - creature [ sic ! ] ' ( b. Sabbath 31a ) .
This is a version of the Golden Rule , which is attributed to many Gentile sages of the ancient world ... " [ 93 ]
Indeed , for instance , we find this same principle also expressed by Confucius ( Analects 12,2 ) , Buddha ( Dhammapada 10.129-130 , which version probably spread from India to Hellenism and was therefore familiar in the cultural environment of Hillel ) , and , again , Roman philosopher Marcus Tullius Cicero :
" Following Panaetius , but as always exercising his own judgement , Cicero actually laid down that the decorum required of a good man was to be found in conduct that met with the approbation of his fellows ( de offic . i.99 ) . " [ 94 ]
Amalek
The Jewish conception of the utter evil is the biblical nation of Amalek .
The 188th commandment of God , the commandment to exterminate the people of Amalek has already been quoted above .
Referring to Amalek , Telushkin writes :
" In Jewish life , the nation of Amalek is the ancient equivalent of the Nazis : Total , merciless enemies of the Jews .
The Bible describes the Amalekite attack on the Israelites while they are still wandering in the desert .
Rather than confront the Israelites head on , they attack their camp from the rear , where the children and the aged are stationed ( Deuteronomy 25:18 ) .
The Amalekites ' cruelty and cowardice in going after the most defenseless Israelites provokes God 's boundless anger at them .
He instructs the Hebrews to wipe out the Amalekites whenever the opportunity presents itself .
Hundreds of years later , that is precisely the order the prophet Samuel issues to King Saul .
Saul defeats the Amalekites in battle , but he does not execute their monarch , King Agag ...
... the biblical belief in the Amalekites ' permanent hatred for the Jews is borne out hundreds of years later when Haman , a descendant of King Agag , organizes a genocidal plot to wipe out all the Jews in one stroke ...
The eternal animosity that the Torah mandates against Amalek is highly unusual , even inexplicable .
The Egyptians had caused the Hebrews more suffering than the Amalekites ... " [ 95 ]
In accord with the " animosity that the Torah mandates against Amalek , " as we have seen , one of its 613 commandments prescribes the extermination of Amalek .
It is even supplemented with an additional commandment to always remember this animosity towards Amalek .
As Maimonides put it :
( Positive commandment ) 189 Remembering the nefarious deeds of Amalek .
By this injunction we are commanded to remember what Amalek did to us in attacking us unprovoked .
We are to speak of this all the times , and to arouse the people to make war upon him and bid them hate him , to that end that this matter be not forgotten , and that the hatred of him not be weakened or lessened with the passage of time .
This injunction is contained in His words ( exalted be He ) , Remember what Amalek did unto thee ...
You see how the prophet Samuel proceeded in fulfilling this Commandment : he first recalled [ the wickedness of the Amalekites ] in speech , and then gave orders for them to be slain , in pursuance of His words : I remember that which Amalek did to Israel . [ 96 ]
Both of these commandments are still applicable today [ 97 ] .
The latter Commandment is the theological basis for the Torah reading on the Shabbat preceding the well known Feast of Purim . [ 98 ]
While Telushkin addresses the problem of the " inexplicable " animosity of God or the Torah against Amalek , he refuses to explain or even to mention several other logical and moral problems .
It is true that according to the Bible the " Egyptians had caused the Hebrews more suffering than the Amalekites . "
However , the biblical account ( Exodus 17:8 - 16 ) gives no evidence for the nefariousness of Amalek 's deed , there is nothing which suggests a comparison of the Amalekites with the Nazis .
Were it not for God 's commandment , even Telushkin should agree to the Amalekites ' right to defend themselves from Hebrew invaders intending to conquer their territory ( " do not fear the people of the land , for they are no more than bread for us ; their protection is removed from them , and the L ORD is with us ; do not fear them , " Numbers 14:9 ) .
But even if the Amalekites cowardly and nefariously had attacked the defenseless " children and the aged " as Telushkin writes , does this justify the commandment to " wipe out the Amalekites " generations later ?
To wipe out defenseless infants and sucklings ?
God 's commandment to Saul to destroy the Amalekites - and even their animals ( " utterly destroy all that they have ; do not spare them , but kill both man and woman , child and infant , ox and sheep , camel and donkey " , 1 Samuel 15:3 ) - for " that which Amalek did to Israel , " means a punishment for deeds committed by the ancestors of these men and women , children and infants .
Telushkin comments on Saul 's disobedience to God , i.e. sparing the life of King Agag instead of annihilating all the Amalekites :
" Saul was the first king of Israel : Had he obeyed God 's word , the kingdom presumably would have remained in his family ...
But Saul has a flaw that is fatal in a leader - a desperate need to be liked .
He is instructed by the prophet Samuel ... to launch an all - out war against Israel 's historic enemy , Amalek , to destroy their property , and to wipe them out .
Instead , when the battle ends , Saul rewards his soldiers with the booty ... and spares Amalek 's murderous king Agag ...
Samuel , outraged ... then summons Agag .
' As your sword has bereaved women , ' he tells the Amalekite king , ' so shall your mother be bereaved among women . '
Samuel then kills Agag himself ( 15:33 ) " [ 99 ]
The reader probably agrees with Telushkin that the " eternal animosity that the Torah mandates against Amalek is highly unusual " : the massacre of Amalekite men , women , and children and the murder of the captive king Agag without mention of a trial , all in retaliation for deeds which had occurred generations before .
After all , if these atrocities are no reason for Telushkin to express the slightest repugnance , one wonders what in all the world was so terribly wrong with what king Agag may or may not have done : the only difference between the ( biblically not mentioned ) deeds of the Amalekite king and the actions of Saul and the Israelites was that the latter believed they acted on command of their god .
Likewise , Telushkin apparently does not see a moral problem with Moses ' order to the Israelites to slaughter the Midianite women and male children , the biblical account of which ( Numbers 31 ) has been quoted above .
And what is more , these were not even killed in battle , but slaughtered when they were already captives .
Similarly the Bible gives many other accounts of atrocities committed by God or the Israelites , which apparently do not trouble Telushkin , for example the death of the firstborn of the Egyptians , including even babies ( Exodus 12:29 ) , and the slaughter of those Israelites who had worshipped the Golden Calf ( " and each of you kill your brother , your friend , and your neighbor . , " Exodus 32:27 ) , both of which Telushkin mentions without any sign of unease [ 100 ] .
Yet the moral atrocity of these events should be obvious to anyone feeling the slightest respect for a fellow human being , even to Jewish Rabbi Telushkin .
One is inclined to conclude , therefore , that to Telushkin slaughtering men , women , infants , and babies for the sole reason of their nationality is morally wrong not in itself , but only if not commanded by God .
In other words , when " Haman , a descendant of King Agag , " and thus , according to Jewish tradition in Telushkin 's words the " ancient equivalent of the Nazis " , organized " a genocidal plot to wipe out all the Jews , " there would have been nothing wrong with this , had God issued the corresponding order for him to do so , and all the more so , since the Jews had been given the commandment to exterminate Amalek generations before .
Similarly , to Telushkin , there is nothing wrong with the divine commandment to enter and conquer the land of Canaan , " a land of milk and honey " [ 101 ] and to exterminate its population as commanded by God :
" People often wonder why the Israelites wandered through the desert for forty years instead of marching directly from Egypt to Canaan .
God 's initial plan is , indeed , to get them into Canaan inside a few months .
Toward that end , Moses appoints a delegation of twelve Israelites , the respective leaders of each of the twelve tribes , to go into Canaan and spy out the land ...
Some of their report is positive .
They describe Canaan as beautiful and bountiful ...
But , they warn , it would be suicidal for the Israelites to try to take over the land ; the Canaanites would massacre them .
Two spies , Joshua and Caleb , oppose their colleagues ' report .
They assure the people that there is nothing fearsome about the Canaanites .
In any case , God is on their side , and they should go up and possess the land immediately .
Unfortunately , Joshua and Caleb convince no one . " [ 102 ]
In contrast to Telushkin 's claim , the Torah text does not mention it would have been Canaanites who would have massacred Hebrews :
Numbers 13 27
And they told him , " We came to the land to which you sent us ; it flows with milk and honey , and this is its fruit .
28 Yet the people who live in the land are strong , and the towns are fortified and very large ; and besides , we saw the descendants of Anak there .
29 The Amalekites live in the land of the Negeb ; the Hittites , the Jebusites , and the Amorites live in the hill country ; and the Canaanites live by the sea , and along the Jordan . "
30 But Caleb quieted the people before Moses , and said , " Let us go up at once , and occupy it ; for we are well able to overcome it . "
To Telushkin apparently neither the Canaanites nor the Amalekites have a right to defend their territory from invaders approaching with the intent not only to conquer their land ( " Let us go up at once , and occupy it ; for we are well able to overcome it . " ) but even to exterminate them .
These intentions later are carried out by the biblical hero Joshua .
Telushkin 's comments on the book of Joshua , which tells the story of this gory conquest , give a hint to why the soil of the land of Canaan may be among the most bloodstained in the world even today :
" The book of Joshua does not make for pleasant reading .
It is filled with bloody , ruthless battles , as the ancient Hebrews strive to win their land from the Canaanites .
Yet the issues facing Joshua are remarkably similar to the issues facing Israel and the Jewish people today : how to secure and maintain a homeland in the face of violent hostility from one 's neighbours . " [ 103 ]
The obvious problem of recommending sacred Scriptures such as these and the comparison with the situation of Israel today apparently evades Rabbi Telushkin .
Yet it is by no means a coincidence that especially among the religious Jews in Israel , first and foremost among the fundamentalist settler communities , in the occupied territories places are still referred to by their biblical names , such as Judea and Samaria . [ 104 ]
Holocaust Theology
Probably no event in Jewish history shook the foundations of Jewish theology more severely than the Holocaust , the murder of about six million Jews by German Nazis in the Second World War .
While many Jews remained faithful to their religion ,
" [ o ] ther Jews have concluded that a God who would allow a holocaust to happen either does not exist or is not worthy of being obeyed ...
Such beliefs have an ironic consequence , as Jewish philosopher Emil Fackenheim notes .
Jews who stop being Jewish as a result of the Holocaust are simply carrying on Hitler 's mission .
The Nazi dream was to rid the world of Jews and Judaism .
If Jews , therefore , choose to assimilate , they will be posthumously fulfilling Hitler 's dream .
In response to the Holocaust , therefore , Fackenheim has formulated what he calls the 614th commandment - in addition to the 613 commandments of the Torah - not to grant Hitler posthumous victories .
On purely logical grounds , Fackenheim 's 614th commandment makes little sense .
Whether a Jew affirms or does not affirm Judaism should be based on his or her reaction to Judaism , and not on Hitler 's reaction to Judaism .
Another Jewish philosopher , Michael Wyschograd , has criticized Fackenheim .
If Hitler had murdered stamp collectors , Wyschograd challenged , would we all be obligated to take up stamp collecting ? " [ 105 ]
Indeed , this reasoning makes little sense .
After all , the question arises : what constituted the Nazis ' moral abomination ?
That they murdered Jews ?
Had they been less evil if they had chosen to murder stamp collectors instead ?
It is no surprise that Jewish sources from the Nazi era show that " the Germans " were viewed as Amalek :
" The German is Amalek ( the traditional enemy of the Jewish people ) . " [ 106 ]
But as a consequence of the Holocaust , this experience of genocide , would it not have been a more logical conclusion to remove certain commandments - namely those obliging Jews to commit genocide , such as the commandment to exterminate Amalek - instead of adding a further commandment to the traditional canon ?
The Sanctity of Life , and the Authenticity of Jewish Scriptures
The Talmud version of the Golden Rule ( Shabbat 31a ) has been quoted above .
Under the heading Rabbi Telushkin refers to another well - known Talmud ( more precisely Mishnah ) passage :
" One of the most eloquent statements about the value of human life comes from a very odd source : the admonition administered by ancient Jewish courts to witnesses testifying in capital cases .
In addition to the expected warnings against perjury , the judges offered a commentary on why God originally populated the world with only one person , Adam .
' To teach you , ' the witnesses were warned , ' that whoever destroys one life is considered by the Torah as if he destroyed an entire world , and whoever saves one life is considered by the Torah as if he saved an entire world ' ( Mishnah Sanhedrin 4:5 ) . " [ 107 ]
The only problem with this statement of Rabbi Telushkin , which is likely to be affirmed by those who derive their knowledge about Judaism from works intended for the layman , is that this is not what the Mishnah says .
We read instead :
" Therefore man was created alone , to teach you that whoever destroys a single Israelite soul is deemed by Scripture as if he had destroyed a whole world .
And whoever saves a single Israelite soul is deemed by Scripture as if he had saved a whole world . " [ 108 ]
This discrepancy is addressed by Telushkin :
" In many editions of the Mishnah , the rabbinic admonition has been altered to read : ' Whoever destroys one Jewish life is considered by the Torah as if he had destroyed an entire world , and whoever saves one Jewish life is considered by the Torah as if he had saved an entire world . '
This change makes no sense since the proof of the infinite value of human life comes from Adam , and Adam was not a Jew . " [ 109 ]
Again there are several flaws in Rabbi Telushkin 's explanation .
First , he does not tell his reader why the passage has been altered at all : most Jews living in Europe in the Middle Ages and after had to live under Christian rule , and Christian authorities imposed censorship on the Jewish Scriptures , mostly concerned with blasphemies of Christian doctrine .
In many cases , however , the Christian censors forced references to non-Jews to be altered or removed as well :
" Indeed , almost every passage dealing with non-Jews must be suspected of having undergone some change . " [ 110 ]
Secondly Telushkin does not say when the Mishnah has been altered , leaving the question open which reading was the original meaning .
Obviously Telushkin wants to give the impression that in the original meaning the verse was not limited to an " Israelite soul . "
Yet whoever bothers to look up the wording in the sources finds that practically no modern translation claims the universal version to be original [ 111 ] .
Thirdly , taking into account the context of the passage , Telushkin 's argument that the alleged change of the verse to refer to Jewish lives exclusively , " makes no sense since the proof of the infinite value of human life comes from Adam , " seems to be convincing , as long as other passages of the Talmud in this context and the original Hebrew wording are ignored .
Actually the apparent contradiction disappears if one contemplates passages which explicitly classify non-Jews ( gentiles ) as not human beings ( Hebrew adam ) , e.g. Yebamot 61a , Bava Mesia 114b , Keritot 6 b .
Other verses , taken in their literal meaning , implicitly lead to the same conclusion , referring to a non-Jewish woman as a she -ass and to gentile authorities as asses ( Berakhot 58a ) .
Examples are quoted below .
However that may be , as usual , Rabbi Maimonides , one of the greatest exegetes of the Talmud , has made unmistakably clear the importance of saving a non-Jewish soul in his Mishneh Torah :
" We must not make a covenant with idolaters , to agree on keeping peace with them or accept them practising idolatry , because it says ( Deut 7:2 ) Thou shalt not make a covenant with them .
Either they give up idolatry or they are killed .
And it is forbidden to pity them , since it says ( ibid . ) :
Nor shalt thou shew mercy unto them .
Therefore :
If you see a non-Jewish idolater perishing or drowning , you are not to help him ; if you see him in danger of life or doomed , you should not save him [ sic ! ] .
But to put him to death with your own hands or pushing him down into a pit or the like , is forbidden , in so far as we are not at war with him .
To what sorts of people apply these words ?
To non -Jews .
But in the case of Jewish informers or mînîm ( heretics ) and `appîqôrôsîm ( heretics ) it is a Commandment to put such a one to death with your own hands and to push him into the pit of doom , since they bring trouble to Israel and seduce the people from the L[ ORD ] , such like Yeshûa han -Nôçrî and his followers and such like Zadok and Beithos and their followers - May the name of blasphemers rot ! " [ 112 ]
The Talmud
There probably exist very few introductory works about Judaism which do not cite the famous Talmudic passage ( Shabbat 31a ) relating the formulation of the Golden Rule - what is hateful to you , do not unto others - as famous sage Hillel said to a would - be convert . [ 113 ]
Other Talmud passages are less well known , though the Talmud is the foundation document of the religion Judaism , essential to understand the Torah .
Renowned Jewish scholar Jacob Neusner writes :
" The Talmud sets forth , in a single coherent statement , the systematic presentation of the law and the theology of the Torah revealed by God through Moses at Sinai to holy Israel .
To understand the religion , Judaism , the Talmud is the starting point and the definitive statement .
(...)
What is at stake in Talmud - study is knowledge of God in concrete terms : what does God want of me in the here and now ?
How does
God want our sacred community to form its social order through justice and equity .
What we know about God we know through the Torah .
And the Torah portrays the life of holy Israel , the supernatural community that in the here and now embodies God 's image of humanity , through the concrete regulation of the just society , living a holy way of life . " [ 114 ]
It follows that if one wants to know how God 's image of humanity ensures a holy way of life , and how " the Talmud sets forth the way to the Godly life , in intellect and in practice " [ 115 ] to form a social order of " justice and equity , " one has to study the Talmud .
The following quotes are taken from the recent American Translation by Jacob Neusner and other scholars . [ 116 ]
Gentiles and non-Jews
The first of the six orders of the Mishnah and hence the Talmudic commentaries , Zera'im , begins with the " most famous tractate in the Talmud , " [ 117 ]
Berakhot ( Blessings ) , and is a good starting point .
Because of the vast amount of the Talmudic writings - thousands of pages - it is impossible to present more than a few highlights .
And R. Hamnuna said , " He who sees a large crowd of Israelites says , ' Blessed is the one who is wise in knowing secrets . '
" He who sees large crowds of pagans says , ' your mother shall be ashamed ' ( Jer. 50:12 ) . "
Berakhot 9/58A [ 118 ]
Our Rabbis have taught on Tannaite authority :
He who sees Israelite graves says , " Blessed is he who has created you in justice , fed you in justice , gathered you in justice , and is going to raise you up in justice . ' "
(...)
[ If one sees ] gentile graves , he says , " ' Your mother shall be sore ashamed ' ( Jer. 50:12 ) . "
Berakhot 9/58B [ 119 ]
Other passages indicate more clearly that the Jewish " sages of blessed memory " [ 120 ] did not necessarily regard non-Jews as the subject of equity as prescribed by the holy way of life .
R. Shila administered a flogging to a certain man who had sexual relations with an " Egyptian " [ = gentile ] woman .
The man went and informed against him to the royal government .
He said , " There is a man among the Jews who judges cases without royal authorization . "
The government sent investigators .
When they came , they said to him , " Why did you administer a flogging to that man ? "
He said to them , " Because he had sexual relations with a she - ass . "
They said to him , " Do you have witnesses ? "
He said to them , " Yes . "
Elijah came and appeared to him in the form of a man and gave testimony .
They said to him , " If that is the case , he surely would be subject to the death penalty ! "
He said to them , " As to us , from the day on which we were exiled from our land , we have not had the right to impose the death penalty .
But as for you , what you wish , do to him . "
(...)
They said , " Are you so solicitous of the honor owing to the government ? "
They gave him a sash [ of office ] , saying to him , " You may judge cases . "
When they had left , that man [ who had been flogged ] said to him , " Does the All - Merciful do miracles for liars ? "
He said to him , " Wicked one !
Are they not called asses ?
For it is written , ' Whose flesh is as the flesh of asses ' ( Ez. 23:20 ) . "
[ Shila ] saw that the man was going to go and report this to them , saying that he had called them asses .
[ Shila ] said , " This man is a persecutor , and the Torah has said that if one comes to kill you , forestall the matters by killing him first [ cf. Ex.22:1 ] . "
He hit him with his sash and killed him .
Berakhot 9/58A [ 121 ]
It has been taught on Tannaite authority :
R. Judah says , " A person must recite three blessings every day : ' Praised are you , O Lord , who has not made me a gentile , ' ' Praised are you , O Lord , who did not make me a boor , ' and ' Praised are you , O Lord , who did not make me a woman ' [ T.Ber.6:18A ] " .
R. Aha bar Jacob heard his son reciting the blessing , " Praised are you , O Lord , who did not make me a boor . "
He said to him , " Arrogance - to such an extent ...! "
He said to him , " Then what blessing should one say ? "
" ... who has not made me a slave . "
" But that is in the same category as a woman anyhow ! "
A slave is [ 44A ] worse .
Menahot 4/43B - 44A [ 122 ]
In the above - to inexperienced readers probably confusing - excerpt , Elijah appearing " in the form of a man " refers to the dead prophet Elijah descending from heaven ( the miracle spoken of ) .
Such a view of equity of non-Jews is expressed not only by aggadic anecdotes in the Talmud , but can be found in halakhic ( legal ) passages as well :
It has been taught on Tannaite authority :
And so did R. Simeon b. Yohai say , [ 61A ]
" Dirt from the graves of gentiles do not impart corpse uncleanness in a tent : ' You are my sheep , the sheep of my pasture , are men ' ( Ezek. 34:31 ) - [ for the purpose of cultic uncleanness ] you are classified as men , but gentiles are not classified as men . "
An objection was raised : " And the persons were sixteen thousand " ( Num. 31:40 ) [ Midianites , who are gentiles , are here classified as human beings ] !
This is because of the cattle [ to which the Midianites are contrasted ] .
Yebamot 6/60B - 61A [ 123 ]
R. Joseph considered ruling in regard to that which has been taught on Tannaite authority , " In the case of gentiles and shepherds of small cattle , while one is not obligated to bring them up from a pit [ where they have fallen ] , one must not throw them down into it , " it is permitted to help them up for a fee , because of not wanting to give cause for hatred .
Said to him Abayye , " He may say to him , ' I have to run to my child , who is standing on a roof , ' or ' I have to keep an appointment at court . ' "
It was taught as a Tannaite version by R. Abbahu before R. Yohanan : " In the case of gentiles and shepherds of small cattle , while one is not obligated to bring them up from a pit [ where they have fallen ] , one must not throw them down into it .
In the case of Minim , quislings and traitors , push them in and do n't help them up . "
Abodah Zarah 2/26A - B [ 124 ]
But in every passage in which there is liability to a penalty , it is made explicit , for the opening clause states : Concerning bloodshed , a gentile who kills a gentile , and a gentile who kills an Israelite are liable , but an Israelite who kills a gentile is exempt [ T.A.Z.8:5A - B ] .
In that passage how else might the framer of the passage expressed matters ?
Could he have said , " It is forbidden .. it is permitted ... " ?
[ Surely not . ]
And has it not been stated on Tannaite authority : Gentiles and shepherds of small cattle and those who raise them make no difference one way or the other [ in figuring out whose lost object to seek first ] [ T. B.M. 2:33A ] .
(...)
But R. Aha the son of R. Iqa says it covers the case of one who withholds the wages of a hired man .
A gentile who does so to a gentile , or a gentile who does so to an Israelite , are liable .
But an Israelite who does so to a gentile is exempt .
Sanhedrin 7/57A [ 125 ]
The rationale for the Talmudic sages ' strong bias against non-Jews has been explained by Jacob Neusner :
" What serves for idolatry is prohibited [ to Jews ] for use and for benefit .
Certain further assumptions about gentiles , not pertinent specifically to idolatry , are expressed .
Gentiles are assumed routinely to practice bestiality , bloodshed , and fornication , without limit or restriction . " [ 126 ]
Legal Issues
One of the reasons for the vast amount of Talmudic writings is the ancient Sages ' intent to cover every legal aspect of a situation in life :
" What makes the Talmud ' Talmudic ' is the document 's power to see the complicated sides of a simple situation .
Indeed , the more Talmud we learn , the more we realize that nothing is so simple as it seems ...
Nothing is what it appears to be at the outset .
The glory of the Talmud is its power to educate us to the realities of life as it really is - an endless tale , with many turnings . " [ 127 ]
Indeed , there is practically no question left unconsidered by the Talmud , as it reflects on " the complicated sides of a situation . "
For instance , consider the implications of levirate marriage - the obligation for a Jew to marry his deceased brother 's childless widow [ 128 ] - on the following situation ( according to the Mishnah a woman can be given in marriage by sexual intercourse [ 129 ] ) :
And said Rabbah , " If someone fell from the roof and hit a woman , he is liable on four counts ; if it was his deceased childless brother 's widow [ and in falling , he had sexual relations with her ] , he has not acquired her as his levirate wife ; he is liable for the compensation to injury done her , pain , medical expenses , and time lost from work , but not for humiliation , for we have learned in the Mishnah :
One is liable on the count of indignity only if he intended [ to inflict indignity ] [ M.B.Q 8:1Z ] .
Baba Qamma 2/27A [ 130 ]
Children
Sometimes one has to read a passage twice to believe what has been written in the Sacred Books of Judaism : what has been decreed the way to a holy life by the " sages of blessed memory ... whose words are the natural sounds of Judaism " [ 131 ] :
Said Rabbi Joseph , " Come and take note : A girl three years and one day old is betrothed by intercourse .
And if a Levir has had intercourse with her , he has acquired her .
And one can be liable on her account because of the law prohibiting intercourse with a married woman .
And she imparts uncleanness to him who has intercourse with her when she is menstruating , to convey uncleanness to the lower as to the upper layer [ of what lies beneath ] .
If she was married to a priest , she may eat food in the status of priestly rations .
If one of those who are unfit for marriage with her had intercourse with her , he has rendered her unfit to marry into the priesthood .
If any of those who are forbidden in the Torah to have intercourse with her had intercourse with her , he is put to death on her account , but she is free of responsibility [ M. Nid. 5:4 ] .
Sanhedrin 7/55B [ 132 ]
R. Nahman bar Isaac said .
" They made the decree that a gentile child should be deemed unclean with the flux uncleanness [ described at Lev.15 ] , so that an Israelite child should not hang around with him and commit pederasty [ as he does ] . "
For said R. Zira , " I had much anguish with R. Assi , and R. Assi with R. Yohanan , and R. Yohanan with R. Yannai , and R. Yannai with R. Nathan b. Amram , and R. Nathan b. Amram with Rabbi [ on this matter ] : ' From what age is a gentile child deemed unclean with the flux uncleanness [ described at Lev.15 ] ' ?
And he said to me , ' On the day on which he is born . '
But when I came to R. Hiyya , he said to me , ' From the age of nine years and one day . '
And when I came and laid the matter before Rabbi , he said to me , ' Discard my reply and adopt that of R. Hiyya , who declared , " From what age is a gentile child deemed unclean with the flux uncleanness [ described at Lev.15 ] ?
From the age of nine years and one day . " '
[ 37A ]
Since he is then suitable for having sexual relations , he also is deemed unclean with the flux uncleanness [ of Lev.15 ] . "
Said Rabina , " Therefore a gentile girl who is three years and one day old , since she is then suitable to have sexual relations , also imparts uncleanness of the flux variety . "
That is self - evident !
Abodah Zarah 36B - 37A [ 133 ]
The basis for these rulings is the following Mishnaic passage of Tractate Niddah ( filth ) :
A girl three years and one day old is betrothed by intercourse .
" A girl three years old may be betrothed through an act of sexual intercourse , " the words of R. Meir .
And sages say , " Three years and one day old . "
And if a Levir has had intercourse with her , he has acquired her .
And they are liable on her account because of the law prohibiting intercourse with a married woman .
And she imparts uncleanness to him who has intercourse with her when she is menstruating to convey uncleanness to the lower as to the upper layer .
If she was married to a priest , she eats heave offering .
If one of those who are unfit for marriage has intercourse with her , he has rendered her unfit to marry into the priesthood .
If one of all those who are forbidden in the Torah to have intercourse with her did so , they are put to death on her account .
But she is free of responsibility .
If she is younger than that age , intercourse with her is like putting a finger in the eye .
( Mishnah Niddah 5:4 ) [ 134 ]
Thus , one " of the many important issues worked out in the Mishnah concerns proper conduct with women , " [ 135 ] and the " entire society of Judaism - that is , the community formed by the Torah - found in the Talmud those modes of thought and inquiry , those media of order and value , that guided the formation of public affairs and private life as well . " [ 136 ]
While it is reassuring to see there was at least some limit as to what the sages would declare holy and moral , this ruling had severe implications on the interpretation of other topics as well .
The Tannaïtic Midrash Sifre to Numbers in § 157 comments on the above quoted commandment of Moses to kill the Midianite women as well as the male children :
" Now therefore , kill every male among the little ones , and kill every woman that has known a man by sleeping with him . ( Num 31:17 ) .
[ This ] refers to her who has slept with a man as well as her who is suitable for intercourse , even when she has not slept with a man ...
But all the young girls who have not known a man by sleeping with him , keep alive for yourselves .
From here R. Shimon b. Yohai used to say : a Proselyte girl who became a proselyte in the age of less than three years and one day , is rendered fit to marry into the priesthood . " [ 137 ]
According to the Tannaïte Rabbis , Moses therefore had ordered the Israelites to kill all women older than three years and a day , because they were " suitable for having sexual relations . " [ 138 ]
Says the Rabbi ...
After reading in the original Jewish sources proper ( Tanakh , Talmud , Midrashim etc. ) , and comparing these texts with modern apologetics , one feels almost relief at another Rabbi 's blunt acknowledgment of the basic contradiction between Judaism and modern values such as democracy and human rights :
" Search if you will , as for leaven on the eve of Passover , and you will never find a Jewish humanist , liberal leader who does not shower us with praise of the Bible and its Judaism of 'ethics , morality and brotherly love . '
And so , let me suggest a game .
It is called : ' What if ?'
It is really a rather simple game .
One simply opens the ethical and humanistic Bible and chooses a passage or event .
Then , he selects a modern day Jewish leader or leaders , and asks the sublime question :
What if ?
What if they had lived at the time ?
What would their reaction have been ?
Such a simple game .
And with such momentous implications .
Let us begin .
What if ?
What if Shimon Peres , the Israeli Knesset , the World Jewish Congress , the Reform Rabbinate , the B'nai B'rith and the Jewish Federations had been in the desert when Moses , fresh from Sinai , declared : ' Neither shalt thou make marriages with them ( the Canaanites ) ; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son ' ( Deuteronomy 7 ) .
Can one even begin to imagine the vitriolic condemnation on the part of all the above - mentioned ' progressives ' against this racist ... decree ?
And then , what if they had been in the desert when Pinchas ( Phineas ) rose out of the congregation : ' And behold , one of the children of Israel came and brought unto his brethren a Midianite woman in the sight of Moses ' ( Numbers 25 ) .
The man is Zimri , prince of the tribe of Shimon , leader of Israel , respected , honored , famous .
The woman is a gentile , well - born daughter of a King of Midian .
He has relations with her - not only a victimless crime , but he may , in fact love her .
What is the reaction of Pinchas ?
' And when Pinchas saw it , he rose up from among the congregation and took a javelin in his hand ;
And he went after the man of Israel into the tent and thrust both of them through , the man of Israel and the woman through her belly . '
The game becomes more exciting .
What if ?
What if all the above and Alexander Schindler and Shulamit Aloni and Balfour Brickner and Edgar Branfman [ politicians in Israel ] had been there ; what would they have said ?
What would the rabbi of the Stephen Wise Free Synagogue and the head of the World Jewish Congress - humanists and liberals , par excellence - have done ?
What arises in the hearts and minds of the ethical Jews when Pinchas kills a Jew and a paramour merely because they wish to have adult enjoyment that does no hurt to anyone ?
What kind of declaration does Balfour deliver of at this gross violation of human rights and base violation of basic tolerance ?
And what does Edgar - married to the same kind of shiksa ( well - born ) whom Pinchas thrust through - think as he contemplates that the Bible that sits in every temple , Orthodox , Conservative , Reform , Reconstructionist or Gay ?
And which describes all this and G - d 's rewarding of Pinchas for his act .
' Behold , I give unto him My covenant of peace . '
Reward ?
Where are the anti-racist , anti-Pinchas demonstrations ?
And how do the progressives continue to raise high that Torah scroll ?
What if ?
What if they transported them centuries later to Jerusalem , where , as the Second Temple is being built , Ezra , leader of the Jews , is suddenly told shocking news : Jews are intermarrying !
What would Alexander Schindler and Knesset speaker Hillel have said to the following paragons of Jewish morality :
' For they ( the Jews ) have taken to their daughters ...
So that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of the lands ' ( Ezra 9 ) .
Holy seed ?
What kind of racist philosophy is this ?
...
And then , in response to this intermarriage , Nehemia acts : ' In those days I saw Jews that had married wives of Ashdod , Amnon , and Moab ...
And I quarreled with them and cursed them and smote certain of them and plucked off their hair ...' ( Nehemia 13 ) .
Why surely the entire Knesset and Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations would have risen up in fury and created some league Against Racism and Coercion and demanded an immediate anti-racist law had they been there .
The truth is that had they been there , these Jewish leaders of the school of neo-Hellenism and gentilization would have never accepted the Torah , would have never embraced the Judaism of Sinai and of their ancestors .
For all that they find abhorrent today in the emphatic war on intermarriage and relations between Jews and gentiles that they call ' Kahanism ' is really Judaism , pure and simple .
(...)
They know , all too well , that Judaism , the faith unto which they were born , is in fundamental conflict with the westernized values to which they have always cleaved and which have become flesh of their flesh . "
[ 139 ]
Of course , because of his support for Jewish terrorist activities in the modern state of Israel , the author of this excerpt , the late Rabbi Meïr Kahane , is regarded as a fanatical fundamentalist by many of his colleagues [ 140 ] .
The basic problem , however , is not fanatism , but the fact that a fundamentalist is simply one who takes his Sacred Scriptures literally true , word for word .
If such writings do not contain bigoted or evil teachings , no harm will follow .
Conclusion
In view of the fact that in most of history the Jewish people and Jews have been severely persecuted and harassed , first and foremost by Christians and persons raised as Christians - who often justified their actions with the same Bible revered by their victims - , it is almost surprising how much Jewish apologetics resemble those promoted by Christian theologians .
What is presented to the reader as the essential message of Jewish morality is largely a projection of modern , humane and humanistic values on the Scriptural texts , which are quoted very selectively .
Like any human product the Sacred Scriptures - as a reflection of the thoughts and environment of their authors - contain both agreeable as well as problematic teachings and morals .
Modern theologians consider largely only those verses which do not seem offensive in the light of today 's ethics and value systems , which mainly derive from the era of enlightenment , occasionally even from ancient pagan sources , or are simply values which can be shown to be the basis of many , in other respects vastly different cultures .
These selected verses then are claimed to be the essential message of the Sacred text and the religion based upon it , although in many cases the very next verse directly contradicts this picture .
Obviously Jewish theologians can rely on the fact that few lay readers ever bother to look up the original context of the passages they happily quote in support of their claims .
It is true that the " Hebrew Bible has been the most influential book in human history . " [ 141 ]
No Jew should be proud of this : there is no historical evidence which suggests human history would have been worse than what it actually was , had there never been a Bible .
On the contrary , as Thomas Paine wrote about the Bible :
" It is a history of wickedness that has served to corrupt and brutalize mankind ; and , for my part , I sincerely detest it as I detest everything that is cruel . " [ 142 ]
Sadly , this history of atrocities , humiliations and oppression includes the long and often tragic history of the Jewish people .
Bibliography
The following works are categorized as basic ( B ) , intermediate ( I ) , and advanced ( A ) .
Those marked with (! ) are highly recommended .
Dots ... in quotes indicate omissions of less than a paragraph , dots in brackets (... ) denote omission of at least one paragraph .
All insertions except [ sic ! ] are original unless otherwise indicated .
Works cited
Peter Anthony Brunt , The Fall of the Roman Republic , Oxford : Clarendon Pr. 1988 . ( A )
Frank Chalk , Kurt Jonassohn , The History and Sociology of Genocide : Analyses and Case Studies , New Haven : Yale 1990 . ( A )
Francis B. Drohan , Jesus Who ?
The Greatest Mystery Never Told , New York : Philosophical Library 1985 . ( B )
Mircea Eliade , ( Ed. in chief ) , The Encyclopedia of Religion , New York : Macmillan 1987f . ( I )
Tal Ilan , Jewish Women in Greco - Roman Palestine , Tübingen : Mohr 1995 . ( A ! )
Meïr Kahane , Uncomfortable Questions for Comfortable Jews , Secaucus N.J. 1987 . ( B ! )
Ross S.Kraemer , Her Share of the Blessings .
Women 's Religions among Pagans , Jews , and Christians in the Greco - Roman World , New York : Oxford Univ. Press 1992 . ( I ! )
Arnold Krupat ,
The voice in the margin .
Native American Literature and the Canon , Berkeley : Univ. of Calif. Pr. 1989 . ( A )
W.G.Lambert , Babylonian Wisdom Literature , Oxford 1960 . ( A )
Pnina Navè Levinson , Einführung in die rabbinische Theologie ( Introduction to Rabbinical Theology , German ) , Darmstadt : Wissenschaftliche Buchgesellschaft 1993 . ( B )
Jacob Neusner , The Way of Torah .
An Introduction to Judaism , Fifth Edition , Belmont : Wadsworth 1993 . ( I )
Jacob Neusner ( ed. ) , World Religions in America .
An Introduction , Louisville : Westminster / John Knox 1994 . ( B )
Jacob Neusner ( ed. ) , Judaism Transcends Catastrophe .
God , Torah , and Israel Beyond the Holocaust , Macon : Mercer University 1994 - 1996 . ( I )
Jacob Neusner , The Talmud .
Introduction and reader , Atlanta : Scholars Press 1995 . ( I )
Hyam Maccoby , Judaism in the First Century , London : Sheldon 1989 . ( B )
Hyam Maccoby , Paul and Hellenism , London : SCM Press 1991 . ( I )
Johann Maier , Friedensordnung und Kriegsrecht im mittel
“ How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world . ” — Anne Frank ( Tweet this . )
“ The mind can make a heaven out of hell or a hell out of heaven . ” — John Milton ( Tweet this . )
“ Try not to become a man of success but a man of value . ” — Albert Einstein ( Tweet this . )
“ The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance ; the wise grows it under his feet . ” — James Oppenheim
( Tweet this . )
“ You must give up the life you planned in order to have the life that is waiting for you . ” — Joseph Campbell ( Tweet this . )
“ The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago .
The second best time is now . ” — Chinese Proverb ( Tweet this . )
PRODUCTIVE FLOURISHING
“ You must be the change you want to see in the world . ” — Gandhi ( Tweet this . )
“ Do what you can , with what you have , where you are . ” — Theodore Roosevelt ( Tweet this . )
“ I ca n’t change the direction of the wind , but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination . ” — Jimmy Dean ( Tweet this . )
“ All is flux , nothing stays still . ” — Heraclitus ( Tweet this . )
“ For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . ” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
( Tweet this . )
“ Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness . ” — Martin Luther King , Jr. ( Tweet this . )
“ I am tomorrow , or some future day , what I establish today .
I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day . ” — James Joyce ( Tweet this . )
“ I do n’t need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod ; my shadow does that much better . ” — Plutarch ( Tweet this . )
He spent the money himself .
( Big League Politics ) -
The FBI has arrested an Atlanta - area Black Lives Matter activist , alleging that he ’s spent more than $ 200,000 in donations from supporters of the street riot movement on personal luxuries .
32 - year old Maejor Page , whose legal name is Tyree Conyers - Page , was arrested in Toledo , Ohio earlier this week and charged with one count of wire fraud and two counts of money laundering .
Page founded ...
Our attorneys are not only experienced in the practice of eminent domain and land condemnation — they have also helped to shape the laws in North Carolina .
If your land is being taken by the government , The Odom Firm is on your side .
Learn More About Your Property Rights
Does advocating the use of open - source software make one an enemy of capitalism ?
Yes , according to a U.S. intellectual property lobby group .
The Guardian reports that the International Intellectual Property Alliance , a lobby group broadly representing the RIAA , MPAA and others , has requested that the U.S. government put countries including Indonesia , Brazil and India on the " Special 301 watchlist . "
Special 301 is a report that concerns the " adequacy and effectiveness of intellectual property rights " around the globe .
Being put on the associated watchlist effectively puts those countries on a shortlist of governments considered " enemies of capitalism " who are n't doing enough to protect intellectual property abroad .
The reason the IIPA is so concerned about the aforementioned countries ?
They apparently have the audacity to either use or advocate the use of open - source software either in government departments or in state - owned businesses .
The lobby group has asked the U.S. Trade Representative to accord countries like Indonesia Special 301 status because it feels that encouraging the use of open - source threatens the software industry and devalues intellectual property rights .
The IIPA 's recommendation to the USTR includes the following text :
" The Indonesian government 's policy ... simply weakens the software industry and undermines its long - term competitiveness by creating an artificial preference for companies offering open source software and related services , even as it denies many legitimate companies access to the government market .
Rather than fostering a system that will allow users to benefit from the best solution available in the market , irrespective of the development model , it encourages a mindset that does not give due consideration to the value to intellectual creations .
As such , it fails to build respect for intellectual property rights and also limits the ability of government or public - sector customers ( e.g. , State - owned enterprise ) to choose the best solutions . "
Countries apparently do n't even have to officially legislate the use of open - source software ; Indonesia has drawn the ire of the IIPA for merely recommending open - source software in a circular to government departments .
We 're somewhat astonished at the implications of this .
What do you think :
Does open - source software somehow inherently threaten intellectual property ?
Should countries who make use of it in government departments be sanctioned for weakening the software industry ?
[ img credit : David Erickson ]
[ via Computer World UK ]
Sanyo ’s just finished installing the bicycle sheds of the future : “ Solar Parking Lots ” that capture sunlight and turn it into electricity to charge up 40 electric bikes parked beneath .
Shelter , green power , and the health - benefits of bicycling , all in one place .
The two sheds are found in Setagaya , Tokyo , and they ’re designed to work with Sanyo ’s own Eneloop bicycles .
During sunny hours , the incident solar radiation is converted to electrical charge by photovoltaic panels , which either feed the bike ’s batteries directly , or charge up an array of six lithium ion-based “ Standard Battery Systems For Power Storage ” for later connection to the bicycles .
Furthermore , the solar power is used to illuminate the sheds with low power - drain LEDs for safety and convenience at night .
Though the bicycles themselves are indeed electrically - powered , perfect for short range commutes that may reduce the CO2 burden of city traffic , they ’re also pedal - powered for the steeper inclines or when the batteries run out , which brings health benefits .
And the cabinets housing the shed ’s lithium batteries also contain the necessary power converters to generate a mains voltage AC supply , meaning that in an emergency , devices requiring a mains connection can be quickly hooked up without having to search for a power source .
As a green solution , it ’s hard to fault the design .
So you can probably expect to see self - contained systems like this popping up to replace the currently - booming rental city - bikes services in the years to come .
[ Via Sanyo ]
“ I ’m surrounded by genius - like people , ’’ says Kwan , who is taking four courses and also being tutored in Mandarin .
Most of the time she ’s in the library , dealing with a reading list that ’s considerably more complex than it was in college so that she can hold her own in class .
“ Every time I go to school , I find myself smiling , ’’ she says , “ because I could n’t be in a better place than right here . ’’
Fletcher , which she describes as a “ small UN ’’ because of its enrollment of students from more than 70 countries , is a natural setting for a woman who has been a globetrotter since she was 13 and who has served as an envoy for the State Department since 2006 .
“ I love it , ’’ Kwan says .
“ I thought I would never find something that I was as passionate about as figure skating . ’’
Now it ’s time for the next station on the train ride : advanced study that could lead to a PhD and a career in diplomacy or politics .
When Kwan was growing up , her father Danny would lecture her about the Train Ride of Life , with its sequential stops .
The question always was : Can you wait ?
Skating could not wait ; she had to compete when she was in her prime .
At 25 , education could not wait .
So after the 2006 Winter Games , she enrolled at the University of Denver to finish up the undergraduate work she ’d started at UCLA in 1999 .
“ It was , ‘ OK , now I really have to make a decision , ’ ’’ she says .
“ It did n’t feel like it was a hard choice , but it was the right one for me at this time .
Grad school , new experience , everything that I ’ve always wanted .
It ’s a new path . ’’
Kwan , who ’ll turn 30 in July , has n’t retired from skating , and there were times last year when she pondered going for an unprecedented fifth Winter Olympics .
But once the Tufts acceptance letter arrived , she knew that she was at a crossroads .
“ My friends here know me as Michelle the Student , ’’ she says .
Kwan has been in the vicinity since last summer , studying for a two - year master ’s degree in law and diplomacy at Tufts ’s Fletcher School .
The most decorated figure skater in American history ( two Olympic medals , five world titles , nine national championships ) now totes a backpack crammed with books , a computer and a Kindle .
“ She ’s from LA , ’’ Michelle Kwan says , laughing .
“ Why would she be here ? ’’
SOMERVILLE -
She will be walking through Davis Square at lunchtime , having dinner in the North End , or sitting courtside at a Celtics game and she ’ll see the heads turning .
That face , that smile .
Is that her ?
Naww , could n’t be .
“ I had made a promise to myself that if I was n’t 100 percent that I really did n’t deserve to be there , ’’ she says .
“ The Olympics is way bigger than that .
It ’s not about me wanting to win . ’’
When the selectors named her to the Olympic team , Kwan vowed that she would n’t compete unless she was fully fit .
After a rough first practice the day after the opening ceremonies , she knew that she could n’t be .
Her legacy was secure by the time she turned up in Turin in 2006 as a decided dark horse at 25 .
She had missed the world podium in Moscow the year before and had to withdraw from nationals after eight years as champion because of hip and groin injuries .
“ It was always just loving to skate , ’’ she says .
“ It was never about proving myself . ’’
But chasing the one prize she missed is n’t why Kwan continued on for another quadrennium and then another , she insists .
“ That was the turning point in my skating career .
Whatever happens , happens .
Would I have been different if I ’d won the gold medal ?
Maybe . ’’
“ I could n’t have prepared myself more , ’’ she says .
“ I could n’t have thought about skating more .
I did n’t even make a mistake .
Her time was 1998 , when she went to Nagano as the co-favorite after reclaiming her US crown from world champion Tara Lipinski .
After Lipinski outpointed her for the gold medal , Kwan was disappointed but content .
“ I was 13 , just happy to be there , ’’ she says .
“ I knew it was n’t my time .
Even if I had competed , I would n’t have medaled . ’’
The next winter in Detroit , Kwan was backstage when Kerrigan was assaulted by a thug linked to Harding and ended up going to Lillehammer as the alternate , ready to take the ice if Kerrigan was n’t fit or if Harding was thrown off the team .
That autumn in San Antonio , she won the US Olympic festival before more than 25,000 people inside the Alamodome , the largest crowd ever to watch figure skating on the planet .
“ I can just remember having the time of my life being next to Nancy Kerrigan and Tonya Harding , ’’ she says .
Kwan was the youngest skater at the 1993 national championships , where she finished sixth .
“ I knew exactly what I was doing , ’’ she says .
“ I knew I had to step up my game .
That was the way I pushed myself .
I ’d rather be sixth in seniors than first in juniors .
I told myself , you ’re going to play with the grownups now .
But I knew that I wanted to be there . ’’
She always has performed better when she feels that she ’s in over her head , which is why she jumped into the ranks of senior skaters when she was only 12 .
Pulling out was “ probably the hardest decision of my life , ’’ Kwan says , but she quickly moved on , enrolling at Denver that fall .
What she quickly discovered , to her amusement , was that she could hide in plain sight .
“ In biology class , I was sitting in the front with two of my girlfriends and the professor was taking roll call .
‘ Michelle , ’ she said .
‘ Like Michelle Kwan , the skater . ’ ’’
By last winter , back home in Los Angeles with diploma in hand , Kwan became a skater again .
She had nine months before graduate school would start , so she figured that it might be fun to get back into skating shape .
“ It was easy to fall back into the routine , ’’ she says .
“ Work out on the ice , go to the gym and work with my trainer , get some physical therapy . ’’
Kwan took it seriously enough that she choreographed a short program to the new scoring system , which is geared more to points than polish .
“ You have to work with the system , not against it , ’’ she says .
“ That ’s how much I thought about competing . ’’
At last year ’s nationals in Cleveland , that was the buzz : Michelle is jumping again .
“ Fans are always excited , ’’ Kwan says .
“ We miss you , they say .
Come back .
Even now it ’s , where are you , why are n’t you performing ? ’’
Kwan did go to Seoul last summer to do an exhibition with world champion Kim Yu Na , but once she enrolled at Fletcher , she was in full backpack mode .
“ If I ’m going to do it , I ’m going to do it , ’’ she says .
“ It ’s OK to be interested in a lot of things , but make your choices . ’’
The skater with the most glittering trophy case is a spectator now , and when she watched last month ’s national championships on TV , Kwan was pulling for Sasha Cohen , her two - time Olympic teammate who was making a long shot comeback at 25 .
“ I was really rooting for her because I know how much hard work it is , how many challenges she had to overcome , ’’ Kwan says .
“ That was a triumph in itself .
Everybody applauded her for being there . ’’
Cohen , who won the silver medal in Turin , did n’t make the team for Vancouver .
America ’s new women ’s champion , the sixth in as many years , is Rachael Flatt , a 17 - year - old high school senior who was an infant when Kwan made her senior debut and who skates by the numbers better than anyone .
“ Solid , that ’s all I could say , ’’ says Kwan .
“ Wow , talk about consistent .
I do n’t know what it is she ’s doing , but she ’s doing something good . ’’
For a decade Kwan did what she did better than anybody else , and since she stopped competing , she has allowed herself to reminisce .
“ I ’ll check out my performances on YouTube and it really brings back emotions , ’’ she says .
“ That was me ?
That ’s so cool . ’’
Kwan ’s skating got her invited to the White House for a 2006 state luncheon , where she sat at the head table next to President George W. Bush and chatted in Mandarin with Chinese president Hu Jintao .
“ It was the most interesting few hours of my life , ’’ she says .
That autumn , Condoleezza Rice named Kwan as the State Department ’s first public diplomacy envoy .
Since then she has traveled to Argentina , Ukraine , Russia , China , and , most recently , South Korea chatting with people her age and younger about whatever interests them about her and her country .
Her story is an American tale , the daughter of Chinese immigrants who becomes the world ’s ice queen , then evolves into an international scholar .
What Kwan enjoys now is what she never had on the ice :
The luxury of blending in .
When she sat behind the visitors ’ bench in the Garden last Sunday , Kwan was tempted to wear a Lakers hat to support her hometown team .
“ But I did n’t want to get booted , ’’ she says .
Nine years ago , when she won her fifth national title on Causeway Street , Kwan ’s was the most famous face in town .
This week when she dropped by the Diesel Cafe on Elm Street for a salad and a latte , she was just another hungry grad student .
“ Your name ? ’’ the waitress asked her dining companion after taking their order .
“ And her name ? ’’
John Powers can be reached at jpowers@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
US to build two new nuclear power stations
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement President Barack Obama has announced more than $ 8bn ( £ 5 bn ) of federal loan guarantees to begin building the first US nuclear power stations for 30 years .
Two new plants are to be constructed in the state of Georgia by US electricity firm Southern Company .
Mr Obama said the plants would be " safe and clean " and were needed to meet the country 's future energy needs .
There have been no new nuclear power plants started in the US since the 1979 accident at Three Mile Island .
The accident was caused by the partial core meltdown of one of the reactors at the site in Pennsylvania , which resulted in a release of radioactive gases into the atmosphere .
While the president said the US had not " broken ground on a ... new nuclear power plant in 30 years " , some US nuclear plants only became operational in the 1980s , despite construction beginning years earlier .
' Well - paid jobs ' MARDELL'S AMERICA
This one plant will cut carbon pollution by 16 million tons each year when compared with a similar coal plant - it wo n't persuade all the environmentalists , but it is an argument that does weigh heavily with some of them
Mark Mardell
Read Mark 's thoughts in full
The president said the project would create " thousands of construction jobs over eight years and then hundreds of well - paid jobs " when the facilities become operational .
He added that it was " only the beginning " of efforts to develop a new generation of safe and clean energy - efficient technologies , which would help fight climate change .
The two new reactors will be built at an existing nuclear facility in Georgia .
Southern Company said the work would create about 3,000 construction jobs and 850 people would subsequently be permanently employed when the reactors became operational .
' Meet energy needs '
" On an issue which affects our economy , our security , and the future of our planet , we cannot continue to be mired in the same old debates between left and right , between environmentalists and entrepreneurs , " said President Obama .
THREE MILE ISLAND ACCIDENT
Partial core meltdown of one of the two reactors at the site , on 28 March 1979 Caused by a faulty valve which allowed large amounts of reactor coolant to leak Resulted in radioactive gases being released into the atmosphere About 140,000 people evacuated from the local area
No fatalities , but dispute remains over long - term health impact Most significant accident in the history of the US nuclear power industry
The reactor in question remains mothballed , but the other at the site is still in operation " To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst consequences of climate change , we 'll need to increase our supply of nuclear power .
It 's that simple . "
Southern 's chief executive David Ratcliffe said the president 's announcement was " an important endorsement in the role nuclear power must play in diversifying our nation 's energy mix and helping to curb greenhouse gas emissions " .
There are currently 104 operating nuclear reactors across 31 states in the US , which provide about one - fifth of the country 's electricity .
Meanwhile , there are currently 56 new nuclear reactors being built around the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the most appealing parts of the iPhone is its Web browser .
Mobile Safari is powered by the WebKit engine , and this same engine also powers the desktop browser .
The result is a Web experience that , while not identical to the desktop experience , is not far off .
Windows Mobile , on the other hand , has a browser that 's roughly derived from Internet Explorer 6 .
The result ?
A decidedly second - rate Web experience .
Windows Phone 7
Series will improve things somewhat — to approximate parity with Internet Explorer 7 — but it remains behind its desktop counterpart .
Microsoft emphasized the desirability of using " the same markup " when demonstrating Internet Explorer 9 .
But this objective is thoroughly undermined by having a mobile Web browser that 's so incapable of using " the same markup . "
A similar situation exists with Silverlight .
Third - party 7 Series development will use Silverlight and XNA , underpinned by an updated , extended , .NET Compact Framework .
The Silverlight version will be a hybrid of sorts ; it contains more than Silverlight 3 , but less than Silverlight 4 .
This is something that Microsoft plans to address .
Unlike the current situation , where the mobile platform has to a great extent been divorced from developments on the desktop , with Windows Phone Microsoft wants to aggressively unify the platforms .
This obviously wo n't happen overnight , and features wll be prioritized to reflect the needs of the platform ( printing support , for example , is a rather lower priority on the phone than the desktop ) but the company understands the desirability of getting the two in sync .
With the lack of native code development , it 's unlikely that we 'll ever see Opera or Firefox on Windows Phone 7 Series .
This makes it even more important for Microsoft to bring its mobile browser up to par .
The excellent Opera Mobile provides succour to frustrated Windows Mobile Web users , but that 's not going to be an option for 7 Series .
So for now , the Web experience on 7 Series still falls some way short of that on the desktop .
" The same markup " might be the goal , but it 's certainly a ways off .
( CNN ) -- A 6.5 - magnitude earthquake has struck off the shore of Northern California , leaving thousands of households without power .
The quake , which ran about 13.5 miles deep , hit offshore at 4:27 p.m. ( 7:27 p.m. ET ) Saturday , about 33 miles from the coastal city of Eureka , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
About 28,000 customers , most of them in Humboldt County , were left without power Saturday evening , said Jeff Smith , spokesman for Pacific Gas and Electric Co .
One gas leak in the county was also reported .
He said utility crews were patrolling the area to restore power .
There were no immediate reports of serious injuries or damage , according to local authorities and the U.S. Coast Guard in Humboldt County .
St. Joseph 's hospital confirmed one person being treated for a broken hip and several others arriving with bumps and bruises from the earthquake .
Nearly a dozen aftershocks followed , the strongest at 4.5 magnitude .
Calls from concerned citizens were pouring into police and fire departments .
Gary Bird , spokesman for the 28,000 - population Eureka , said 25 responders were surveying the scene .
See iReports from areas affected by earthquake
" We 've got isolated water line breaks , power lines down , broken windows , unreinforced buildings that had some bricks fall off into the street , " he said , adding that residents have been asked to stay inside .
Chris Durant , a reporter for the Times - Standard of Eureka , said he was working on the second floor of the newspaper 's concrete building when he and his colleagues felt the quake .
" We are used to feeling small ones , " he said , " but after the first few seconds , we looked at each other and said this is not a small one . "
He said small chunks of plaster peppered the floor .
Still , he said reports from the area indicate minor damage .
" [ There 's ] not as much as you might think with a 6.5 , " he added , describing much of the damage as broken glass on storefronts and tiles on floors and ceilings popping .
" People are standing outside and talking with their neighbors , and , kind of like letting their nerves calm down , " he said .
i Reporter Andrew Parent of Eureka was driving home from work when he saw people running out of their homes and power lines down .
He rushed home to find a state of disarray -- dishes everywhere , a bookshelf toppled over .
" The fridge moved .
Everything moved , " said parent , 20 .
" I guess it 's not really a big deal , but it was kind of scary . "
Are you there ?
Send your iReports
Eureka resident Cole Machado told CNN he was talking on the phone when he felt the ground shake .
" I thought my TV was going to fall over . "
He said the power cut out for a few seconds and there were reports of downed phone lines and broken windows in the the nearby town of Ferndale , which is 27 miles away from the quake 's epicenter .
Ferndale Fire Chief Tom Grinsell said it was " one of the strongest quakes I remember in quite a while .
I assumed it was going to be a lot worse than we 're seeing . "
He said the quake had a " strong shaking to it and was rather lengthy . "
He said his department has received numerous calls about broken glass , emptied shelves , and stucco and plaster knocked off walls .
However , he added that the damage is cosmetic and that no buildings have collapsed .
Grinsell said officials have asked residents to stay off the roads because of debris and to conserve water until it 's certain there is no damage to the water system .
Ferndale resident Jessica Stephens
Tucker described the movement from the temblor : " It rolled and rolled and then it slammed . "
There was no tsunami warning issued .
A 6.5 - magnitude quake is considered a " strong " temblor , according to CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , who noted that about 120 are recorded worldwide each year .
Dave Magni , owner of the Ivanhoe Hotel in Ferndale , said , " We are sitting in a sea of booze " after the quake .
He felt an aftershock while talking with CNN .
" My employees are out in the parking lot right now , " he added .
CNN 's Nick Valencia , Samira Simone and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .
China plans to build a national renewable energy center to enhance the country 's clean energy development , the China Daily reported , citing a government official .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The center , still at a preliminary planning stage , would be responsible for policymaking , key projects , program management , market operations and international coordination , said Han Wenke , director general of the Energy Research Institute under the National Development and Reform Commission , the country 's top economic planning agency , the newspaper reported on Wednesday .
Renewable energy consumption accounted for 8.3 percent of the China 's total in 2009 .
The country consumed a total of 3 billion tonnes of standard coal equivalent in the year , more than 90 percent of which was derived from traditional fossil fuels , with more than 70 percent from coal .
Article continues : http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6190IA20100210
Should You Pay More Money for Quality ?
Is it more frugal to buy quality items or to shop for the lowest price ?
That question frequently comes up in discussions about living frugally .
There ’s no doubt that quality is important .
After all , it ’s not very frugal to have to replace broken items frequently .
However , many people who are trying to live frugally are doing so because they have no extra money to spare .
Price is important , and many people out there cannot afford top quality .
Or can they ?
Does it have to be a question of quality or price ?
Can you not try to have both ?
Shop for Quality …at the Lowest Price
I stopped at our local Fred Meyer last week to pick up a few groceries .
As I entered the store , I looked to my right and saw a HUGE clothing clearance sale !
Everything was 70 % off the lowest marked clearance price .
Of course I put off the grocery shopping to look around .
The sale must have been going on for a while , because the pickin’s were slim .
However , I found some Dockers pants in just my size , clearanced to $ 34 .
After the 70 % off , I paid less than $ 11 for a pair of Dockers .
You can find quality at low prices .
You just have to plan ahead .
The pants I bought were cords , so I wo n’t be able to wear them much longer , as the weather warms up .
But when the weather cools down in the fall , I ’ll pull out my $ 11 Dockers , instead of paying $ 49 for new good quality pants that are in season , or paying $ 11 for a cheap pair of pants that will wear out in a few weeks .
Do n’t Forget About Yard Sales and Craigslist
Years ago , when my youngest was a baby , I did a brief stint in the eBay business .
I would go to yard sales and pick up high quality children ’s clothing , priced under a dollar , and I ’d resell them for several dollars a piece .
I frequently found high quality pieces of clothing for mere pennies !
Last summer I found a whole summer wardrobe for my daughter at 50 cents per piece of clothing .
Some of it was brand new .
A grandmother was getting rid of it , because she had bought it for her grandchild , who did n’t like it .
Craigslist is another good place to look for high quality items at low prices .
Often when people need money quickly , they will sell possessions on Craigslist .
So if you ’re looking for something in particular , you may find it on Craigslist for much less than you ’d pay if you were to buy it brand new .
So it is possible to find high quality items at low prices .
You just need to plan ahead and be patient enough to wait until you find the right deal .
The long - term effects of the contraceptive pill have been studied Women who have taken the contraceptive pill are less likely to die of cancer and heart disease , a study has found .
The research , which studied 46,000 women over almost 40 years , was led by Prof Philip Hannaford of the University of Aberdeen .
He said that earlier data from the study had suggested there was an increased risk from using the pill but this disappeared in the longer term .
The professor said : " I think it is really reassuring for women . "
Excess risk
The results are from the Royal College of GPs Oral Contraception Study , one of the world 's largest investigations into the health effects of the pill .
The study was published online in the British Medical Journal ( BMJ ) .
Prof Hannaford told BBC Scotland : " We have known for a while that whilst women use the pill they have a small excess risk of disease but that seems to wear off .
" What we have never known is , what are the really long - term effects ? "
" This study , after following up a large group of women for 39 years , has shown there is no increased risk among women who have used the pill , in fact there is a small 12 % drop . "
What we know now is once the pill is stopped those risks disappear and in the very long term there is no increased risk , in fact , if anything , a small benefit
Prof Hannaford
He said women who had taken the pill were less likely to die from cancer , heart disease or stroke .
The professor added : " There are some risks whilst you use it but you can minimise those risks by avoiding smoking , having your blood pressure checked , taking part in screening programmes .
" What we know now is once the pill is stopped those risks disappear and in the very long term there is no increased risk , in fact , if anything , a small benefit . "
He said the results of the survey related to the first generation of pills .
Prof Hannaford said pills had changed over the years and methods of assessing risk were now different .
He added : " It would be wrong for me to say these results directly apply to today 's pills , today 's women , but from the few studies that have been done on the newer pills we are finding similar effects as the older pills .
So one would suppose that the overall benefit from the newer pills is equally as good . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PM 's spokesman says Gordon Brown sees no need for investigation called for by David Cameron and Nick Clegg
Downing Street today ruled out an inquiry into allegations that Gordon Brown bullied staff at No 10 .
The prime minister 's spokesman said that Brown did not " see any need " for an inquiry of the kind demanded earlier today by David Cameron and Nick Clegg .
The spokesman also issued a new statement denying claims that Gus O'Donnell , the cabinet secretary , spoke to Brown about the way the prime minister was treating staff .
The new statement went further than previous denials .
Downing Street beefed up its attempts to defend Brown in response to claims made by the Observer journalist Andrew Rawnsley and subsequently amplified by the National Bullying Helpline charity .
Rawnsley said that O'Donnell was so concerned about the way Brown was treating staff that he told him to change his behaviour , and yesterday the helpline said it had received calls from staff working at No 10 .
Following the publication of the Rawnsely allegations in the Observer , the Cabinet Office said it was " completely untrue to say that the cabinet secretary ever gave the prime minister a verbal warning over his behaviour " .
This afternoon the prime minister 's spokesman went further .
" The cabinet secretary has never raised concerns with the prime minister about him acting in a bullying or intimidatory manner in relation to No 10 staff , let alone given him a verbal warning , " the spokesman said .
Asked if Brown would launch an inquiry , the spokesman went on : " We do not see any need for that .
The cabinet secretary has said what he has said . "
The spokesman also pointed out that the head of the National Bullying Helpline made it clear earlier today that the calls her helpline received did not relate to Brown personally .
In a further attempt to rebut the allegations , Jeremy Heywood , the permanent secretary at No 10 , today sent an email to staff saying that bullying was not tolerated .
" I do not believe for a moment that there 's a culture of bullying and intimidation at No 10 , " Heywood said .
Heywood said that no organisation could afford to be " complacent " about bullying .
But at No 10 there was " a deep - rooted culture of teamwork , mutual support and friendliness " , he said .
Earlier today Cameron said : " These are very serious matters .
I 'm sure that No 10 Downing Street and the civil service in some way will want to have some sort of inquiry to get to the bottom of what has happened here .
" One way for that to happen is for Sir Philip Mawer , who is in charge of policing the ministerial code , to be asked to look into this and to find out what has been happening and get to the bottom of it . "
Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat leader , also said the allegations needed to be investigated .
" I do think this does need to be cleared up by No 10 as quickly as possible , " Clegg told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme this morning .
" Bullying is wrong .
It is totally out of order in whatever walk of life you work , however important you are . "
But Brown 's allies rallied to his defence .
Lord Mandelson , the business secretary , said the government had more important things to do than investigate unfounded claims .
" If you think we are going to spend our time chasing around newspapers that want to splash on to their front pages allegations of this kind , just because they are relaunching and want to get the maximum publicity for what they are doing , books that need to be sold by their authors , every Tom , Dick or Harry who wants to jump up guided or otherwise by some
Tory party press officer in order to pursue some smear or innuendo against the government – let me tell you , we 've got better things to do in our lives . "
People making allegations about Brown 's behaviour needed to " put up or shut up " , Mandelson said .
" We need some evidence to back up this sort of claim .
We have n't seen it . "
Brown also received support from a more unlikely quarter when Peter Watt , the former Labour general secretary , insisted that the prime minister 's behaviour under pressure fell short of bullying .
Watt , who was critical of Brown in his recent memoirs Inside Out : My Story of Betrayal and Cowardice at the Heart of New Labour , said that the prime minister 's temper surfaced when he was under pressure , while at other times he could be a very supportive and loyal colleague .
" I think the term ' bullying ' is a little bit emotive and possibly a little bit strong , " said Watt .
Meanwhile , Jonathan Baume , the head of the FDA civil servants ' union , said that ministers ' behaviour too often " fell short " and that he was calling for all parties to sign up to a commitment to tackle bullying .
Refusing to be drawn into the political row over the claims that Brown acted aggressively and in a bullying manner around his staff in No 10 , Baume said : " Too often politicians have little idea about what is acceptable in a modern workplace , and the behaviour of some ministers and special advisers does falls short of what is acceptable on occasions .
Every government department has clear and unambiguous anti-bullying policies .
In theory these should cover ministers .
However , in practice no civil servant is likely to make a formal complaint against a minister .
Instead , concerns about the behaviour of a minister will be dealt with through informal channels .
" If informal action does not succeed then the civil servants concerned generally either have to ' grin and bear it ' whilst the minister or special adviser remains in office , or seek a transfer . "
He added : " We should consider putting in place a better mechanism .
All political parties could agree that their ministers and special advisers will sign up to departmental bullying codes after the general election , which set out the necessary standards of behaviour , and ask permanent secretaries to enforce codes properly . "
Baume said the FDA was " struggling " to make progress in introducing an anti-bullying code in the House of Commons .
" It is vital that MPs set an example in this area , and we still hope to have a code in place after the general election . "
The Observer allegations became more damaging to Brown yesterday afternoon when Christine Pratt , the director of the National Bullying Helpline , said she had received calls from people working in Downing Street .
However , the NBH was dealt a blow today when one of its patrons resigned in protest at its decision to publicise allegations relating to No 10 .
Professor Cary Cooper , an expert on workplace stress , said he was resigning from the NBH because he thought that Pratt had " breached confidentiality " by making such a statement .
" One of the things that is really important for any helpline or any counselling service is to retain confidentiality of the people calling up , " Cooper said .
Pratt said that her comment did not breach confidentiality .
On Being Stoned Charles T. Tart , Ph. D. Chapter 13 .
Sexuality
GIVEN THE COMMON American stereotype of the " sex - crazed dope fiend , " it is interesting to see what effects on sexuality are perceived by marijuana users themselves .
MAJOR EFFECTS
Desire for Sex A common effect is " My sexual drive goes up when stoned ; I have more need for sex " ( 18 % , 21 % , 28 % , 21 % , 12 % ) .
This may begin to occur at the Moderate to Strong levels of intoxication ( 11 % , 25 % , 32 % , 8 % , 2 % ) .
Users of Psychedelics experience this at lower levels of intoxication ( p < .0005 ) , as does the Therapy and Growth group ( p <.05 , overall ) .
The converse effect " I have much less sexual drive when stoned ; it 's difficult to arouse me even in a situation which would normally arouse me " is rare ( 42 % , 34 % , 15 % , 5 % , 2 % ) .
When it occurs , it is at the strong levels and higher ( 6 % , 11 % , 17 % , 13 % , 7 % ) .
The Professionals experience this loss of sexual need at lower levels of intoxication ( p <.05 ) .
A very common effect is " I have no increase in sexual feelings unless it 's a situation that I would normally be sexually aroused in , and then the sexual feelings are much stronger and more enjoyable " ( 7 % , 11 % , 27 % , 23 % , 24 % ) .
Users of Psychedelics report this more frequently ( p <.05 ) than Non-users .
It generally occurs at Moderate to Strong levels ( 17 % , 28 % , 27 % , 8 % , 2 % ) .
Figure 13 - 1 .
DESIRE FOR SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
Note .
For guide to interpreting the " How Stoned " graph ,
see note on Figure 6 - 1 .
The relationships of these three alterations of sexual need are plotted in Figure 13 - 1 .
Sexual need going up when the situation is appropriate is reported more frequently than need per se going up ( p <.01 ) , and sexual need per se going up is more frequent than its going down ( p <<.0005 ) .
Most of my informants commented that sexual drive or need does not go up , but rather the knowledge of how intensely gratifying sex is when intoxicated serves to make any perceived sexual drive more attention getting and desirable when intoxicated .
With respect to levels of intoxication , they are the same for sexual desire per se going up and for sexual desire going up when the situation
Is appropriate , but sexual desire going down occurs at higher levels of intoxication ( p <.01 with respect to desire per se , p < .0005 with respect to desire in appropriate situations ) .
My informants indicate that sexual intercourse at very high levels of intoxication can be an ecstatic , overwhelming experience , but at these levels chances are good that the user will be absorbed in his own inner experiences and not get interested in making love with someone .
Contact with Partner A very common experience is " When making love , If eel I 'm in much closer mental contact with my partner ; it is much more a union of souls as well as bodies " ( 9 % , 9 % , 31 % , 20 % , 25 % ) .
This closeness occurs more frequently among Users of Psychedelics ( p < .0005 ) and the College - educated ( p <.05 ) .
It generally begins to be experienced at the Moderate and Strong levels ( 7 % , 27 % , 35 % , 9 % , 3 % ) .
The Heavy Total users and the Daily users both experience this closeness at lower levels of intoxication ( p <.05 in each case ) .
Figure 13 - 2 .
MENTAL CONTACT WHILE MAKING LOVE
Note .
For guide to interpreting the " How Stoned " graph ,
see note on Figure 6 - 1 .
The converse effect , " When making love , I feel rather isolated from my partner ; I 'm wrapped up in my intensified sensations and not really very aware of my partner 's reactions and feelings " occurs infrequently ( 25 % , 29 % , 28 % , 7 % , 2 % ) and at Strong levels ( 5 % , 13 % , 25 % , 15 % , 7 % ) .
Feeling isolated from one 's sexual partner occurs much less frequently than feeling closer ( p << .0005 ) and at higher levels of intoxication ( p <.05 ) , as shown in Figure 13 - 2 .
Qualities of Orgasm
One of the factors that enhance love - making when intoxicated on marijuana is the characteristic effect , " Sexual orgasm has new qualities , pleasurable qualities , when stoned " ( 6 % , 9 % , 22 % , 27 % , 28 % ) .
This occurs somewhat less often , albeit still very frequently , for the Meditators ( p <.01 , overall ) and the Professionals ( p <.01 ) .
Most users experience these new qualities of orgasm by the Strong level of intoxication ( 8 % , 21 % , 37 % , 8 % , 8 % ) .
Among the various qualities potentially going into orgasm enhancement that my informants are able to describe , one or several of the following may be experienced as part of an orgasm when intoxicated : ( I ) prolongation of orgasm ( possibly an effect of time slowing ) ; ( 2 ) feelings of energy flowing and / or exploding or erupting in the body ; ( 3 ) feelings of energy interchange with one 's sexual partner , both flows before orgasm and explosive interchanges through the genitals and whole body during orgasm ; ( 4 ) absolutely total immersion in the orgasm , no distractions of any sort ; ( 5 ) the orgasm taking place as ecstatic sensations through most of the body rather than being confined to the genital area ; ( 6 ) merging of identity with one 's sexual partner during orgasm , with a sharing of sensation and joy ; ( 7 ) feelings that the energy interchange during orgasm balances and replenishes each partner 's own vital energies , rather than depleting them more so than when not intoxicated ; ( 8 ) greater awareness of the bodily feelings leading up to orgasm , with a consequent ability to time one 's movements in a way that will maximize the pleasurable qualities of the orgasm ; ( 9 ) the ego temporarily disappearing , the body taking over , the orgasm happening rather than being produced ; and ( 10 ) the feeling that the orgasm ( and shared feelings with the sexual partner ) are happening on a much vaster , wider scale than those consciously experienced , that this is an event of much greater magnitude or significance than the ego is able to sense or comprehend .
Figure 13 - 3 .
ORGASM AND RELATED SENSATIONS
Note .
For guide to interpreting the " How Stoned " graph ,
see note on Figure 6 - 1 .
Because a number of informants indicated they are aware of what seems to be organ sensations in genitals and gut that are normally not in awareness , it is interesting to compare this report of new qualities to sexual orgasm with two more general changes in sensation , namely , touch sensations taking on new qualities ( Chapter 8 ) and becoming aware of internal organs and processes that are normally not accessible to consciousness ( Chapter 11 ) .
The relationships are plotted in Figure 13 - 3 .
New qualities of orgasm do not occur more frequently than new touch qualities , but they do occur much more frequently than awareness of normally unsensed internal organs ( p <<.0005 ) .
New touch qualities begin to occur at lower levels of intoxication than orgasm enhancement ( p <.05 ) , and increased awareness of internal organs at higher levels than orgasm enhancement ( p <.0005 ) .
Apparently the sheer intensity of sexual orgasm may result in internal organ sensations connected with it that ordinarily occur at higher levels of intoxication .
Related Effects
There are a number of related intoxication phenomena , dealt with in preceding and subsequent chapters , that indicate , in conjunction with pilot interview data and comments of informants , some other specific ways in which sexual contact and intercourse can be altered .
These will be briefly listed below .
" ... sensual quality to vision ... " ( Chapter 6 ) .
Looking at one 's lover can be like touching him or her .
" ... face of another ... will change even as I watch it ... " ( Chapter 6 ) .
One woman can become another woman , many women , all women , Woman .
" Touch sensations take on new qualities ... " ; " . .. touch more exciting , more sensual ... " ; " ... surfaces feel smoother , silkier ... " ; and " . .. surfaces rougher ... graininess forms interesting patterns ... " ( Chapter 8 ) .
All of these changes in touch quality apply particularly to a lover 's garments , skin , hair , mouth , genitals .
" Taste ... new qualities ... " and " Smell ... new qualities ... " ( Chapter 8 ) apply to kissing and oral - genital contacts .
" I empathize tremendously ... feel what they feel .
.. " ( Chapter 12 ) .
Your lover 's joy is your joy ; your lover 's pain is your pain .
" ... so absorbed ... in a person ... felt as if I were that ... person ... " ( Chapter 18 ) .
Total blending , merging with one 's lover .
" Some events become archetypal , part of the basic way man has always done things ... " ( Chapter 18 ) .
Instead of John Smith and Mary Jones making it in John 's apartment in California on a particular night , Man and Woman Blend Together , in Now and Eternity , Here and Everywhere , an integral part of the Blending of Maleness and Femaleness of the Universe .
Note also that sexual fantasy , as well as real sexuality , can be markedly enhanced by marijuana intoxication .
Imagery in all sensory modalities is generally enhanced , so fantasy preceding actual sexual contact or masturbation can be much more intense and exciting than ordinarily .
New and pleasurable qualities to orgasm can occur with masturbation as well as actual sexual contact .
My informants indicate , however , that as greatly enhanced as fantasy and masturbation are , that enhancement generally does not begin to compare to the enhancement of real sexuality .
Being a Better Lover
The final item dealing with sexuality was " I feel as if I 'm a better person to make love with when stoned . "
This is a common experience ( 26 % , 12 % , 20 % , 12 % , 20 % ) .
Although many users ( 44 percent ) did not rate the minimal level of intoxication for this , those who did generally considered it a Moderate - to Strong - level effect ( 8 % , 15 % , 20 % , 9 % , 3 % ) .
The College - educated indicated higher levels of intoxication for this than the Professionals ( p <.05 ) .
The users were asked to explain why they were a better person to make love with when high on marijuana .
Thirty - nine males and twenty - one females wrote brief explanations .
These have been summarized in several categories in Table 13 - 1 . [ 1 ]
The number of users giving particular reasons is broken down by males and females , and by those of each sex who indicate Rarely / Sometimes or Very Often / Usually for categorizing themselves as a better lover when intoxicated .
TABLE 13-1
REASONS FOR BEING A BETTER LOVER QUALITY NUMBER OF MALES NUMBER OF FEMALES Rly / Smt VyO / Uly Rly / Smt VyO / Uly Less inhibited , more arousable 6 6 5 6 More contact with , responsiveness
to lover , gentler , more giving 6 17 5 12 More sensual , stronger sensations , feelings 2 7 2 2 More control , capacity , coordination 5 4 0 1 More here - and - now , archetypal , spontaneous 3 4 0 1 Prolonged duration of love - making 0 1 0 0 Harder , longer - lasting erection 0 1 - - Miscellaneous 5 0 0 0 1 . Note that this table includes one or more answers from each user , and so is not amenable to valid statistical treatment .
A valid table , using the main or first answer of each user only , was prepared , but as no differences between males and females reach statistical significance , it will not be presented here .
The first category , less inhibited , more arousable , represents answers such as the following : " ... generally more open to my partner , less inhibited by sexual conventions ... " ; or " I 'm usually somewhat inhibited when straight but not when stoned ... " ; or " ... many of my inhibitions and petty thoughts are transcended by a much stronger desire to unite deeply with my partner " ; or " Because I 'm grooving to it more , because I 'm frigid and when stoned I get close to coming , I 'm more willing to experiment and please the other person . "
It is important to clarify the above descriptions of reduction of sexual inhibitions by noting that my pilot interview subjects and later informants all commented to the effect that this reduction was not an aphrodisiac effect in the usual understanding of the word .
Rather it was a selective lowering of inhibition .
If the situation was appropriate , if the user really wanted sexual relations with someone else , marijuana would lower inhibitions ; but if someone the intoxicated user does not like to be with attempts seduction or sexual manipulation , they will seem even more repulsive and undesirable than normally .
By far the most frequent reason for being a better lover when intoxicated , especially if the sexual partner is also intoxicated on marijuana , is feelings of tremendously enhanced contact with one 's partner , sharing of feelings , being more sensitive , gentle , giving .
A poignant expression of this was given by an eighteen - year - old male student : " When I am stoned and making love , sometimes I can be so much a part of my partner that it hurts and makes me feel very alone when we are apart ... " ; or " My own sensations are so acute that I want the person I love to feel it also ... " ; or " I feel closer physical and mental communication ( actually both become one ) . "
The third category , increased sensuality and intensity of sensations , has already been illustrated above .
More control , capacity , or coordination is expressed in such comments as " ... my movements are relaxed , confident ... " ; or " My actions are more fluid heightened emotion and passion ... " ; or " ... can do much more because I feel stronger ... " ; or " ... can last as long as I 'm stoned without tiring ... "
More here - and - now - ness , spontaneity , sometimes leading to a totally archetypal experience is illustrated by : " The act and the communion become reduced to the most basic and , at the same time , expanded to the most elevated and consecrated form of experience possible ... "
Increased experiential duration of orgasm and increased erectile potency are both illustrated by one student : " Potency seems to be incredibly augmented , such that an infinite orgasm could seem possible .
I have had as many as seven orgasms in the span of one night , having been extremely stoned .
My organ seems immense ( when flaccid ) and seems that it would swell to immeasurable proportions ... my erection seems to be harder than steel . .. "
Note however that 26 percent of the users indicated they were never a better lover when intoxicated .
As one user put it , " While I find it rather more pleasurable than not ( the act itself ) , I feel that it is not complete somehow , because it becomes a purely sensual thing .
This feeling of sensuality is tremendously vitalizing , but I find myself enjoying this so much that I wonder if my partner is aware of it in me ; I am not aware of his pleasure , only my own , and this fact that neither of us can communicate this to each other makes it a selfish act ...
We both prefer not to have sex when stoned because of this . "
Another user , who indicates he is sometimes a better lover when intoxicated , points out the importance of direction of attention in this respect : " When I 'm stoned , sex seems more natural and less inhibited .
I seem to flow right into things doing without thinking .
But , I have heard later from the chick ( on occasions ) that I was out to gratify myself , not her .
This type of self - gratification love - making usually happens when I occasionally go on a grass ego - trip .
But there have been many times when we both are gratified ; this result , fortunately , is the more frequent . "
ADDITIONAL EFFECT
" Sexual orgasm entails a strong feeling of physical union , two making one flesh where I touch my partner " ( Sometimes , Maximum ) .
LEVELS OF INTOXICATION FOR SEXUAL EFFECTS
Various phenomena affecting or characterizing sexuality on marijuana are summarized by level of intoxication in Figure 13 - 4 .
The overall stratification by level is highly significant ( p <<< .0005 ) .
Beginning at the Moderate to Strong levels , there is commonly more desire for sex ( especially if the situation is appropriate ) , enhancement of sense qualities that add to sexual pleasure , especially touch , and the feeling that one becomes a better lover , usually with more feeling or empathy for one 's sexual partner .
At the Strong level there are new qualities to orgasm and , rarely , the desire for sex may diminish .
If sexual desires are acted out , though , rather than the user getting caught up in internal fantasies and experiences , the sexual act becomes particularly profound at this and higher levels .
Actions may become archetypal , all sorts of new sensations may arise from the body , and , near the maximal levels , the sexual partners may experience merging with one another , becoming one .
The potential sidetracking of sexual desires into a more general form of intimate contact was well described by one female user : " ...
If I am very stoned ( especially if both of us are ) sometimes the mind just wo n't turn off , and even in the middle of a kiss there may come an overwhelming sense of peanut butter , roses , lakes , psychology , or goodness knows what .
At times like these fortunately it has usually happened to both of us at the same time it is very pleasant just to talk and / or hold one another .
Sexual attraction has become replaced or become less important than affection and simple contentment in the other 's nearness .... "
FIGURE 13 - 4 .
INTOXICATION LEVELS , SEXUAL EFFECTS Just Fairly Strongly Very
Strongly Maximum
Type size code :
CHARACTERISTIC
COMMON
INFREQUENT
Rare MERGE WITH ANOTHER FACES CHANGE NEW SENSATIONS FROM INTERNAL ORGANS ACTIONS BECOME ARCHETYPAL SENSUAL QUALITY TO VISION FEEL ISOLATED Less ned for sex NEW QUALITIES TO ORGASM NEW QUALITIES TO SMELL SURFACES FEEL GRAINIER , INTERESTING BETTER LOVER THAN WHEN STRAIGHT CLOSER CONTACT WITH PARTNER IN MAKING LOVE NEW QUALITIES TO TOUCH SURFACES SEEM SMOOTHER , SILKIER TOUCH MORE SENSUAL MORE NEED FOR SEX EMPATHIZE TREMENDOUSLY WITH OTHERS MORE NEED FOR SEX IF SITUATION APPROPRIATE NEW TASTE QUALITIES Just Fairly Strongly Very
Strongly Maximum MODULATING FACTORS
All the background factors affecting sexuality had relatively linear effects .
They are summarized in Table 13 - 2 .
An interesting pattern seems to distinguish the group with much drug experience from the more educated group .
The high drug experience group reports increased frequency of a variety of sensual enhancements and closeness to their sexual partners , while the more educated group does not have as much sensual experience , but has some of it at lower levels of intoxication , as well as reporting themselves to be better lovers at lower levels .
The more educated group also experiences increased closeness to their sexual partners less frequently .
This may reflect a generation gap in some ways , as the more educated are generally older than the rest of the users in the present sample , and may have many more inhibitions about sensuality and sexuality .
TABLE 13-2
EFFECTS OF BACKGROUND FACTORS ON SEXUALITY BACKGROUND FACTORS EFFECTS
More Drug Experience More frequent :
Actions become archtypal
New smell qualities
Faces change
Vision sensual
More need for sex if
sitution appropriate
Closer to partner
Less intoxicated for :
Vision sensual
More need for sex
Closer to partner Males More intoxicated for :
Actions become archetypal
Awareness of internal organs Meditators More frequent :
Merge with another
Faces change Less frequent :
New qualities to orgasm
More Educated Less frequent :
Closer to partner
New qualities to orgasm
Surfaces rougher
Vision sensual
Less intoxicated for :
Merge with another
Surfaces rougher
Surfaces silkier
Need sex less
Better lover Older Less intoxicated for :
Merge with another Therapy & Growth More intoxicated for :
New touch qualities
Touch more sensual Less intoxicated for :
More need for sex
SUMMARY
For practically all experienced users , marijuana intoxication greatly intensifies the sensations experienced in sexual intercourse .
A minority feel that this takes something important away from sexual intercourse , namely , contact with their sexual partner as they become immersed in their own intensified sensations .
For the great majority , however , marijuana seems to be the ideal aphrodisiac .
Sex is generally desired more , but with others who would be likely sexual partners anyway ; there is usually no drive toward sex unless the overall situation seems right to the user .
Desire is then intensified , sexual sensations enhanced , and feelings of greater contact , responsiveness , sharing , desire to give , and empathy with one 's sexual partner are often experienced .
While many aspects of human experience , particularly when intoxicated on marijuana , are difficult to describe , my informants and the user - respondents indicate this is particularly true for sexual experience .
So much is beyond words .
The descriptions above deal only with some of the partially describable aspects .
Chapter 14 Contents | Feedback | Search | DRCNet Library | Schaffer Library The Psychedelic Library | Book Menu | Table of Contents
America is spending more money to build , maintain , and improve the roads , and it ’s paying off — give or take a few stretches of pavement and a few bridge spans .
Rural interstates are shaping up , for instance , but their heavily traveled urban counterparts are getting worse .
The percentage of deficient bridges has increased for the first time in 25 years , and as almost any driver will attest , congestion is n’t going away .
But these trends are more than offset by good news about fatalities — sharply down year over year from 2006 to 2008 ( though in 2008 , 37,261 Americans died in accidents — more than double the number who died from homicides ) .
To quantify how America ’s roads and drivers are doing , we factored in the latest data for spending , congestion , road and bridge condition , and safety to see how our states rate .
Here ’s what you , your legislators , and your local highway officials can do to fix things and how you can stay alive while you drive .
THE RANKINGS :
See How We Did the Rankings
How We Did the Rankings
BEST ROADS
Using the latest data from the Federal Highway Admin-istration , we factored in safety , congestion , and the condition of roads and bridges , ranking each state in each category .
The average of the ranks was used to determine the final scores .
DEADLIEST
This is a simple ranking of fatalities per 100 million miles driven .
Although Montana appears at No. 3 on the Best Roads list ( good infrastructure , little congestion ) , it tops the Deadliest list in part because of drivers who drink , drive recklessly , or shun seat belts .
Edward A. Sylvestre of Quantitative Insights in Rochester , New York , supervised the calculations in consultation with David T. Hartgen , PhD , of the Reason Foundation , a public - policy think tank .
Fran Lostys of Reader ’s Digest coordinated the project .
View or Print the Full Methodology
The former secretary of state and White House chief of staff on how Barack Obama is handling Israel , Afghanistan and other foreign policy challenges ; why today 's politics are so divisive ; and why the rising national debt may be biggest problem we face .
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories , or may be the subject of them .
For a complete list of contributors , click here .
Pre-test restrictions limit the effective accuracy of a body composition device because they limit the number of real - world conditions under which testing can take place .
More restrictions mean less accuracy , greater measurement fluctuations , and significantly more stress for both the operator and patient / end-user .
Only the BodyCompScale has ZERO pre-test conditions .
With spiky silver hair and scarlet lipstick , gold bomber jacket , baggy tracksuit bottoms , bling , and trademark giant black sunglasses , Flowers plays down the fame of her twilight years .
'' I 'm not a superstar DJ , '' she says , before donning her diamante - encrusted headphones and starting her set .
'' I 'm just a DJ . ''
Mamy Rock , as she is known on the circuit , came to the wheels of steel later than most .
She fell in love with dance music after accompanying her grandson to a London nightclub .
'' The bouncers did n't want to let me in at first , '' she says .
'' I was quite a lot older than the usual clientele , but once I got inside I hugely enjoyed it .
'' I thought , ' I can do this . '
My husband had died , I was retired , I had the time , so why not ? ''
Her grandson , who she says is smitten with the idea of his gran as an international DJ , put her in touch with a young French producer , who helped her develop her sound and image .
' ' I like to mix the old and the new , so I might put electro alongside an old favourite like the Rolling Stones , '' she says .
Aurelien Simon , the 28 - year - old producer behind the DJ , says he helps Flowers interject modern music through her set .
'' But Ruth always has the last word , '' he insists .
Still , there is no sign of her favourite band , Queen , in tonight 's playlist .
'' Freddie Mercury … what a voice , '' she says , playing with the huge skull and crossbones ring on her finger .
'' But I like to please the crowds , I give them what they want . ''
There are few complaints on the dance floor where Flowers receives intense , and somewhat bizarre , adulation from the assembled sweaty Parisian youth .
'' Mamy Rock !
Mamy Rock !'' shouts Pauline Robert , a 23 - year - old student , over the relentless thud of the music .
'' We adore Mamy Rock .
She loves to make us dance .
We all want her as our grandmother . ''
For Alex Ledys , 21 , the appeal lies in her originality .
'' It 's so cool , I 've never seen a DJ that old before , '' he says .
'' Music brings together all generations . ''
Flowers is more popular across the channel than in Britain , but Simon hopes to bring her mamy rock back home , ideally to the Ministry of Sound .
But what the French call her traditional British eccentricity is part of the charm for these Parisians .
Idir Igoudjil , a 19 - year - old student at the prestigious Sciences Po Paris , compliments her mixing as a pair of barely pubescent girls dance alongside him .
'' English women are fantastic , '' he says .
'' They are much less uptight than French girls . ''
After playing a residency at a jetset villa at the Cannes Film Festival , Flowers 's popularity has snowballed .
'' I can't believe the reaction I have got so far .
People seem to adore me , they say they want to be like me , when they should just try and be like themselves , the dear things , '' she says , suddenly sounding like the grandmother she is .
With an electro - rock EP , MamyRock , on the horizon and more offers to play famous clubs throughout the world , she has no desire to slow down just yet .
'' I 've got no intention of retiring , '' she says .
'' Well , unless I drop dead .
And I 'd much rather go out with a bang than linger . ''
Flowers worked as a singer and singing teacher in Portugal for 14 years , and returned to Britain after the death of her husband .
She has little time for those who think she should grow old gracefully .
'' I think you have to accept the challenges that come your way . ''
Guardian News & Media
Want all your downloads , streaming video , and other techie media stuff on your TV ?
Wondering which media center works best for you ?
Here 's a look at the biggies in chart and Venn diagram form , followed by some lengthy breakdowns of each .
Advertisement
New to the idea of TV - connected computers ?
Head down below the charts for some explainers and deeper comparisons of each system .
If you 're already familiar with the HTPC scene , we 'll give you the good stuff first .
We focused on three widely available , and generally popular , media centers for our comparison and review .
We 're certainly aware there are many alternatives out there , as free software or stand - alone hardware boxes , but these are the three of the most popular media centers , they receive ongoing development , and they can easily be installed on a wide number of TV - connected computers .
Advertisement
Five Best Media Center Applications Click to view
The past ten years have completely changed the way we listen to music , watch movies …
Read more
The graphical explanations
Here 's how we see the three major media centers , in chart list and Venn diagram forms .
Note :
The chart is based on out - of - the - box features that do n't require the user to install any plug-ins .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
What 's a media center , exactly ?
Advertisement
What does a media center do ?
It varies , but it generally takes all the stuff you 'd normally enjoy on a computer or portable device —
MP3s , video files , Netflix , Hulu , digital photos , and web / social apps — and plays it on a television , through your speakers , and back onto your wireless network , if you 'd like .
Media centers can be run off of pretty much any capable computer , but are generally intended for small and specialized computers , called Home Theater PCs , or HTPCs .
HTPCs have the video and audio ports necessary to hook up to a modern high - definition television , and generally have enough processing power and memory to handle the heavy burden of converting , playing , and sometimes recording high - resolution files .
If you 've got a home network set up with shared files and network - attached storage ( NAS ) , media centers can generally pull their content off other systems and devices , as well as receive files for storage and download them directly off the net .
Put simply , a media center allows you to sit on a couch and do the most fun things you 'd do on a computer with a remote .
You can fire up a movie from Netflix 's streaming service or from a file you 've already downloaded , catch the show you missed last night on Hulu , put on background music while you 're doing something else , share your Flickr or Picasa photos with visiting relatives — whatever you 'd like , really .
Advertisement
Not every media center can do everything , however , and some are much better at certain entertainment jobs than others .
The editors at Lifehacker conferred on what each box does best , tried to pin down what each system can and can't do , and put it together in ways that we hope can help you decide .
Windows Media Center , XBMC , and Boxee
Here 's a more in - depth look at the media centers — installing and setting them up , and their pros and cons .
Advertisement
Windows Media Center is " free " with Home Premium or Ultimate copies of Windows Vista , all versions of Windows 7 except Starter or Home Basic , and available as a stand - alone , XP - based operating system dubbed " Media Center Edition . "
XBMC is a free and open - source media center software that was born as a game - changing XBOX modification , but now runs on Windows , Mac , Linux , and XBOX systems , as well as booting and running off a USB stick .
Boxee is based on the same core internal code as XBMC , but focuses on bringing web content — video sites , blog streams , and social apps — into your living room , while XBMC remains oriented toward a download - and - play setup .
Advertisement
Plex , a popular and very eye - pleasing media center for Mac OS X , is certainly a contender in this category .
For all intents and purposes , though , it 's a variant of XBMC .
Most anything we write or display in this post about XBMC applies to Plex , too , except for matters of looks and interface .
Those would be our definitions in the Lifehacker Dictionary , anyways .
Let 's get a bit more encyclopedic on the strengths and weaknesses of each system :
Windows Media Center
Advertisement
Installation and Setup : Fairly easy .
It comes pre-loaded in the higher - end editions of Windows Vista and 7 , and assuming your computer or HTPC has the right outputs and plugs , Windows can fairly easily adjust its display to your television .
If you 're running other Windows systems on your wireless network , you wo n't have to do much configuration to start " sharing " files back and forth from the TV - connected system to your other platforms .
If you 're running Mac or Linux computers , you 'll have a good deal more work to do .
If your media computer came with a TV tuner card already installed , Windows will recognize it and work with it to record TV shows .
Here 's how Adam turned a Windows PC into a Media Center powerhouse , with a good detail on the installation and setup process .
Advertisement
Strengths
Nice and easy DVR :
And you do n't have to pay a monthly fee .
And you do n't have to pay a monthly fee .
Calm , easy interface : Divided into obvious sections and fairly intuitive directional layouts .
Divided into obvious sections and fairly intuitive directional layouts .
Large range of compatible remotes :
Look online or in an electronics store for a " Windows Media Center remote , " and you 'll find something with lots of buttons that instantly hooks up to your Media Center , usually through a USB - connected receiver .
Look online or in an electronics store for a " Windows Media Center remote , " and you 'll find something with lots of buttons that instantly hooks up to your Media Center , usually through a USB - connected receiver .
Generally easy networking : Across Windows systems , that is , and if you 're down with the shared folders setup .
Advertisement
Weaknesses
File handling : Generally , Media Center can handle the same files that Windows Media Player can handle , and , with the right codec installations , that can be quite extensive .
But out of the box , do n't expect support for the diverse range of video and audio you 'll find around the web .
Generally , Media Center can handle the same files that Windows Media Player can handle , and , with the right codec installations , that can be quite extensive .
But out of the box , do n't expect support for the diverse range of video and audio you 'll find around the web .
Windows - only : But you knew that .
But you knew that .
Complex remotes : Media Center works with a lot of remotes , but they often look like parodies of button - stuffed clickers .
If a simple , Apple - like navigator exists for Media Center , do tell us in the comments .
Media Center works with a lot of remotes , but they often look like parodies of button - stuffed clickers .
If a simple , Apple - like navigator exists for Media Center , do tell us in the comments .
Locked - down DVR files : Work - arounds and decoders exist , of course , but if you want to play your recorded TV shows on anything other than your personal set of authorized Windows machines , Zunes , and XBOX devices , good luck .
Advertisement
Note : Windows Media
Center does n't support
Hulu by default , but with the right plug - in it can do the trick .
Advertisement
XBMC
Advertisement
Installation and Setup :
It depends , of course , on the platform and hardware you 're installing on .
Getting it running and connected on a modern Windows or Mac system is fairly painless , at least from a software standpoint .
Running it as a " live " system from a USB stick is n't too hard , either , and you can install it from there onto an HTPC hard drive .
Plugging it into a Madriva Linux box and hooking it up to your very specialized 1080 p plasma setup with optical audio out will likely require hair plugs and years of therapy .
Read up on Adam 's guide to building a silent , standalone XBMC media center on the cheap for a look at the live - USB - to - installation path on a $ 200 HTPC system .
Advertisement
Strengths
Open source , open nature : Need XBMC to do something it does n't do already ?
Chances are , there 's a clever hacker working on it .
XBMC does n't have the same kind of " platform " that its offspring Boxee does , but coders can get into it and make it better , and make it do more .
Need XBMC to do something it does n't do already ?
Chances are , there 's a clever hacker working on it .
XBMC does n't have the same kind of " platform " that its offspring Boxee does , but coders can get into it and make it better , and make it do more .
Meta-data and file recognition : From personal trials and commenter anecdotes , XBMC is really good at knowing when you 've put new files somewhere in your system , figuring out what types of files they are ( movie , TV , music , or picture ) , and reaching out to the internet to pull down relevant pictures , data , reviews , and even trailer links for the videos and music you plug into it .
From personal trials and commenter anecdotes , XBMC is really good at knowing when you 've put new files somewhere in your system , figuring out what types of files they are ( movie , TV , music , or picture ) , and reaching out to the internet to pull down relevant pictures , data , reviews , and even trailer links for the videos and music you plug into it .
Light and agile : Relatively speaking , XBMC may have some really nice graphics and menus , but because it comes from a project to put a full media center on a game system , XBMC is focused on playing back media files as smoothly as possible .
Relatively speaking , XBMC may have some really nice graphics and menus , but because it comes from a project to put a full media center on a game system , XBMC is focused on playing back media files as smoothly as possible .
Slick , customizable looks : Even putting Plex
Put a new skin on it
Even putting Format support : Personally , I 've never found a file on the web , or converted from a friend 's computer , that XBMC could n't play , unless something was wrong with it .
Advertisement
Weaknesses :
Lack of Netflix , Hulu :
There have been work - arounds , hacks , and other tweaks to make XBMC work with the two big names in streaming video .
If you were depending on either one , though , XBMC would not be a safe bet .
There have been work - arounds , hacks , and other tweaks to make XBMC work with the two big names in streaming video .
If you were depending on either one , though , XBMC would not be a safe bet .
Over -stuffed , sometimes complicated menus : XBMC 's menus and layout are the geekiest around — how you react to that depends on your temperament .
You can do all kinds of things from any screen in XBMC , and its interface often has a smile - inducing futuristic feel to it .
But for someone new to media centers and looking to just sit down and play something , it can be quite imposing .
Advertisement
Boxee
Advertisement
Installation and Setup : On Windows and Mac systems , the latest Boxee beta is relatively simple to install , as it uses the built - in video and audio systems to push out content .
On Linux , it 's a good deal more complex , but , then again , what on Linux is n't ?
Apple TVs require a bit of hacking .
In general , Boxee is compatible with the same kind of hardware as XBMC — OpenGL or DirectX - compatible video cards are highly recommended .
Install Boxee Beta on Apple TV
The shiny new Boxee Beta is out for every platform except Apple TV , the platform we first used to …
Read more
Advertisement
Here 's how Kevin set up a cheap but powerful Boxee media center using a brawny $ 350 HTPC and free copies of Linux and Boxee .
Advertisement
Strengths
Built - in Hulu and Netflix : Boxee and Hulu have had their differences , but they seem to have reached a draw in the stand - off — most Hulu shows and movies work , most of the time .
Netflix works fine on Windows and Mac , assuming you do n't mind installing Microsoft 's Silverlight system .
Boxee and Hulu have had their differences , but they seem to have reached a draw in the stand - off — most Hulu shows and movies work , most of the time .
Netflix works fine on Windows and Mac , assuming you do n't mind installing Microsoft 's Silverlight system .
Growing directory of web content apps : Love FailBlog Vimeo TwiT 's videocasts ?
Love Play anything ( technically ) :
Boxee uses a reworked Firefox browser to view Hulu , but it 's available for nearly any kind of web video page you find on the web .
The Boxee Browser is a kind of last resort for any web content that does n't have its own app .
Advertisement
Weaknesses
Love - it - or - leave - it interface : Even with its content - forward redesign , many media center aficionados have said they can't get used to Boxee 's hidden left - hand sidebars and forward / back functionality .
Some just do n't like the default looks .
It 's not a make - or - break issue , considering it 's basically the same core tools as XBMC , but if you 're going to spend serious time with a media center , you want to like how it looks .
Even with its content - forward redesign , many media center aficionados have said they can't get used to Boxee 's hidden left - hand sidebars and forward / back functionality .
Some just do n't like the default looks .
It 's not a make - or - break issue , considering it 's basically the same core tools as XBMC , but if you 're going to spend serious time with a media center , you want to like how it looks .
Local file handling : Boxee does n't seem as smart about recognizing and updating local file stores .
In the words of one Lifehacker editor , " Local files are almost an afterthought . "
That 's to be expected , somewhat , on a system that 's so web - facing and stream - savvy , but Boxee could do a lot more to make downloaded music , movies , and pictures easier to gather , organize , and access .
Advertisement
We know — we absolutely know — that we may have missed a feature , put in " No " where " Yes " should have been , or otherwise missed a detail or two in our breakdown of these media centers .
We tried our best to research and check them , but if you see something wrong , or missing , in our explanations or charts , by all means : tell us , politely , in the comments , and we 'll update this post , and the charts to match the reality .
Advertisement
Feel free to also tell us which system has worked best for you , and why , in the comments .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration is expected to announce by Wednesday its updated plan for oil and natural gas drilling in U.S. waters , including whether to allow exploration for the first time along the U.S. East Coast .
Workers drill for oil at an oil derrick in Los Angeles October 24 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
The plan could pave the way for a significant new domestic source of energy , helping to reduce U.S. dependence on oil imports and boost supplies of natural gas used to displace coal in power plants as the country works to reduce emissions of climate - changing greenhouse gases .
Last month , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said he wanted to release the updated drilling plan by the end of March .
Two industry sources said on Monday President Barack Obama was expected to give a speech about energy security on Wednesday , which could include his views on expansion of offshore drilling .
The Interior Department and White House declined comment on Monday on whether Obama would speak to the issue in a speech slated for mid-morning on Wednesday at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland .
The administration has been weighing the pros and cons of offshore drilling since it took office and put the brakes on a Bush - era proposal that called for drilling along the East Coast and off the coast of California .
For more than 20 years , drilling was banned in most offshore areas of the United States outside the Gulf of Mexico because of concerns spills could harm the environment .
Congress allowed the prohibition to expire in 2008 and former President George W. Bush lifted a drilling moratorium that year .
Environmental groups and some lawmakers continue to raise concerns about the impact increased drilling would have on coastal areas .
But Obama , who wants Congress to move a stalled climate change bill , has sought to reach out to Republicans by signaling he is open to allowing offshore drilling , providing coastlines are protected .
The U.S. Geological Survey estimates the U.S. Atlantic coast waters may hold 37 trillion cubic feet of gas and nearly 4 billion barrels of oil , while the Pacific Coast has 10.5 billion barrels of oil and 18 trillion cubic feet of gas .
To put that in context , the United States imports about 2 billion barrels of oil a year from OPEC nations and is expected to import 2.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas from all sources this year , according to the Energy Department .
The administration ’s plan is expected to spell out whether and when drilling will be allowed in 3 million acres off the Virginia coast .
The Bush administration had proposed leasing the Virginia tracts to energy companies and said the government would receive bids for the leases in November 2011 .
However , a senior Interior official told an oil industry conference in January that drilling off Virginia ’s coast would definitely be delayed past the original 2011 leasing date .
The proposed Virginia lease area , located about 50 miles from shore , may hold 130 million barrels of oil and 1.14 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
The possible delay in drilling off Virginia ’s coast has been criticized by the state ’s new governor , Republican Bob McDonnell , and two U.S. senators eager for the state to tap into the jobs and royalties that come with exploration .
A spokeswoman for McDonnell said his office has not been told the updated drilling plan would be announced on Wednesday .
MONTGOMERY , Ala . -
The number of extremist groups in the United States exploded in 2009 as militias and other groups steeped in wild , antigovernment conspiracy theories exploited populist anger across the country and infiltrated the mainstream , according to a report issued today by the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) .
Antigovernment " Patriot " groups - militias and other extremist organizations that see the federal government as their enemy - came roaring back to life over the past year after more than a decade out of the limelight .
The SPLC documented a 244 percent increase in the number of active Patriot groups in 2009 .
Their numbers grew from 149 groups in 2008 to 512 groups in 2009 , an astonishing addition of 363 new groups in a single year .
Militias - the paramilitary arm of the Patriot movement - were a major part of the increase , growing from 42 militias in 2008 to 127 in 2009 .
The report , " Rage on the Right , " is the cover story in the Spring 2010 issue of the SPLC 's quarterly investigative journal Intelligence Report .
Patriot groups have been fueled by anger over the changing demographics of the country , the soaring public debt , the troubled economy and an array of initiatives by President Obama that have been branded " socialist " or even " fascist " by his political opponents .
" This extraordinary growth is a cause for grave concern , " said Intelligence Report editor Mark Potok .
" The people associated with the Patriot movement during its 1990s heyday produced an enormous amount of violence , most dramatically the Oklahoma City bombing that left 168 people dead . "
The Patriot movement has made significant inroads into the conservative political scene , according to the new report .
" The ‘ tea parties ' and similar groups that have sprung up in recent months cannot fairly be considered extremist groups , but they are shot through with rich veins of radical ideas , conspiracy theories and racism , " the report says .
Unlike the 1990s , the Patriot movement 's central ideas are being promoted by people with large audiences , such as FOX News ' Glenn Beck and U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota .
Beck , for instance , reinvigorated a key Patriot conspiracy theory - the charge that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is secretly running concentration camps - before finally " debunking " it .
The growth of Patriot groups comes at a time when the number of racist hate groups stayed at record levels - rising from 926 in 2008 to 932 in 2009 , according to the report .
The increase caps a decade in which the number of hate groups surged by 55 percent .
The expansion would have been much greater in 2009 if not for the demise of the American National Socialist Workers Party , a key neo -Nazi network whose founder was arrested in October 2008 .
There also has been a surge in " nativist extremist " groups - vigilante organizations that go beyond advocating strict immigration policy and actually confront or harass suspected immigrants .
These groups grew from 173 groups in 2008 to 309 in 2009 , a rise of nearly 80 percent .
These three strands of the radical right - the hate groups , the nativist extremist groups , and the Patriot organizations - are the most volatile elements on the American political landscape .
Taken together , their numbers increased by more than 40 percent , rising from 1,248 groups in 2008 to 1,753 last year .
There are already signs of radical right violence reminiscent of the 1990s .
Right - wing extremists have murdered six law enforcement officers since Obama 's inauguration .
Racist skinheads and others have been arrested in alleged plots to assassinate the president .
Most recently , as recounted in the new issue of the Intelligence Report , a number of individuals with antigovernment , survivalist or racist views have been arrested in a series of bomb cases .
The hate groups listed in this report include neo -Nazis , white nationalists , neo-Confederates , racist skinheads , Klansmen and black separatists .
Other hate groups target gays or immigrants , and some specialize in producing racist music or propaganda denying the Holocaust .
A list and interactive , state - by - state map of active hate groups can be viewed here .
NASA chief Charles Bolden told senators Wednesday that sending astronauts to Mars is still the ultimate goal for U.S. human spaceflight , as he defended the agency 's new space plan against criticism in a heated budget hearing .
" Mars is what I believe to be the ultimate destination for human exploration in our solar system , " Bolden told the Senate 's Commerce , Science and Transportation subcommittee .
But NASA will likely not have the technology to send astronauts to Mars for at least the next 10 years , he said .
" There are too many capabilities that we do n't have in our kit bag , " Bolden said .
That 's where the NASA 's 2011 budget request comes in , Bolden said .
It sets the stage for future manned spaceflights to the moon , asteroids and Mars , by focusing on the technologies needed to explore beyond low - Earth orbit faster , he added .
But Bolden 's comments were met with criticism and , at times , open hostility from some committee members and experts because the new budget request effectively canceled NASA 's Constellation program , which was building new rockets and spaceships capable of returning astronauts to the moon .
Without a successor to the space shuttle , NASA will lose talented engineers from layoffs and attrition , which poses a threat to the United States ' prowess in human spaceflight , former shuttle commander Robert " Hoot " Gibson told the committee as part of a later hearing with a panel of space experts .
" With the retirement of the space shuttle later this year , and if the administration 's proposal is followed , the United States will no longer be a space - faring nation , " said Gibson , who flew on five shuttle missions before retiring from spaceflight in 1996 .
Next stop for NASA ?
While Bolden said Mars is a goal , NASA and the Obama administration have yet to release an official outline for future destinations .
That official space plan could take months , agency officials have said .
" You do n't accomplish great things without a clearly defined mission , " said Sen. David Vitter ( R - Louisiana ) .
" And this budget has no clearly defined mission . "
NASA 's 2011 budget request , released Feb. 1 , sets aside $ 19 billion for the space agency for next year .
It is a slight increase from the 2010 budget , and included a life extension through at least 2020 for the International Space Station , as well new funds for space technology development and basic scientific research .
But President Obama 's budget assures the retirement of NASA 's shuttle program in the fall .
In place of NASA - built spaceships to replace them , the budget request would set aside $ 6 billion over the next five years to support the development of commercial spaceships capable of launching American astronauts .
Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Florida ) agreed that President Obama and NASA need to state a clear goal .
But the agency must also work to be sure it does not trade astronaut safety for commercially built spacecraft that are cheaper and faster to produce , he added .
" The shift to commercial spaceflight cannot come at the expense of astronaut safety , " Nelson said .
Bridging the gap
NASA 's three aging space shuttles are due to retire in September after four final missions .
After that , American astronauts will be dependent on Russian Soyuz spacecraft to reach the International Space Station during the gap between the shuttle program and when new spacecraft come online .
That gap , Vitter said , is unacceptable and will erode the United States ' claim as a leader in space exploration .
" I will fight with every ounce of energy I have to defeat this budget or anything like it , " he added .
Vitter asked Bolden how he explained the looming gap , and subsequent job layoffs , to NASA employees who will lose their jobs when the shuttle fleet retires without a successor program .
Bolden , known for his emotions , teared up .
" I can tell them , as I have , that I 'm going to do everything in my power to try to make sure that we develop some programs that are going to get to where we all want to go as soon as possible , " Bolden said .
That includes funding research into new technologies , including ones to combat radiation and health effects for deep space missions , and others that have the potential to shave months off manned trip to Mars , he added .
" We are oh so close , " Bolden said .
" But we are not there yet . "
Copyright © 2010 Space.com .
All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Grundsatzentscheidung Bundesgerichtshof kippt Ölpreisbindung für Gaskunden
Großer Erfolg für Verbraucherschützer : Die Gaspreise für Privatkunden dürfen nicht mehr unmittelbar an den Ölpreis gekoppelt werden - das hat der Bundesgerichtshof in einem Grundsatzurteil entschieden .
Zahlreiche Gaskunden können nun auf Rückzahlungen hoffen .
( CNN ) --
Officials from 14 states have gone to court to block the historic overhaul of the U.S. health care system that President Obama signed into law Tuesday , arguing the law 's requirement that individuals buy health insurance violates the Constitution .
Thirteen of those officials filed suit in a federal court in Pensacola , Florida , minutes after Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act .
The complaint calls the act an " unprecedented encroachment on the sovereignty of the states " and asks a judge to block its enforcement .
" The Constitution nowhere authorizes the United States to mandate , either directly or under threat of penalty , that all citizens and legal residents have qualifying health care coverage , " the lawsuit states .
The case was filed by Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum and joined by 11 other Republican attorneys general , along with one Democrat .
McCollum said the new law also forces states " to do things that are practically impossible to do as a practical matter , and forcing us to do it without giving any resources or money to do it . "
McCollum 's lawsuit was joined by his counterparts in Alabama , Colorado , Idaho , Louisiana , Michigan , Nebraska , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota Texas , Utah and Washington .
Virginia 's attorney general , Ken Cuccinelli , filed a separate case in his state Tuesday afternoon .
All but one of those state officials , Louisiana 's Buddy Caldwell , are Republicans .
But McCollum said the case is not a partisan issue and predicted other Democrats would join the suit .
" It 's a question for most of us in the states of the costs to our people and to the rights and the freedoms of the individual citizens in upholding our constitutional duties as attorneys general , " he said .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Monday that lawyers have advised the administration it would win the lawsuits .
And Democratic Party spokesman Hari Sevugan called the lawsuit " a waste of state funds during the worst economic crisis in a generation . "
" The American people do n't want any more delay , obstruction or hypocrisy on this .
They want thoughtfully implemented reform so that it works for all Americans , " Sevugan said .
Renee Landers , a law professor at Suffolk University in Massachusetts , said the Constitution gives Congress broad power to regulate commerce and promote the general welfare of Americans .
" If the federal courts follow existing precedents of the United States Supreme Court , I do n't think that the claims will be successful , " Landers told CNN .
Ryan Wiggins , a spokesman for McCollum , said the case was filed in Pensacola because " we were told that out of all of the places to file in Florida , Pensacola would move the quickest on it . "
At least one of the officials who signed onto the lawsuit has run into criticism back home .
Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire , a Democrat , criticized Republican Attorney General Rob McKenna for joining the case and said she would actively oppose the suit .
Separately , legislatures in three dozen states are considering proposed legislation aimed at blocking elements of the health care bill .
But Cal Jillson , a political science professor at Southern Methodist University in Texas , said the Constitution says laws passed by Congress trump state laws .
" We 've got a very conservative Supreme Court , but they 're not about to overturn 200 years of Constitutional history and interpretation and declare that the supremacy clause is no longer in effect , " Jillson said .
CNN 's Peter Hamby and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The Obama administration is poised to ban offshore oil drilling on the outer continental shelf until 2012 or beyond .
Meanwhile , Russia is making a bold strategic leap to begin drilling for oil in the Gulf of Mexico .
While the United States attempts to shift gears to alternative fuels to battle the purported evils of carbon emissions , Russia will erect oil derricks off the Cuban coast .
Offshore oil production makes economic sense .
It creates jobs and helps fulfill America ’s vast energy needs .
It contributes to the gross domestic product and does not increase the trade deficit .
Higher oil supply helps keep a lid on rising prices , and greater American production gives the United States more influence over the global market .
Drilling is also wildly popular with the public .
A Pew Research Center poll from February showed 63 percent support for offshore drilling for oil and natural gas .
Americans understand the fundamental points :
The oil is there , and we need it .
If we do n’t drill it out , we have to buy it from other countries .
Last year , the U.S. government even helped Brazil underwrite offshore drilling in the Tupi oil field near Rio de Janeiro .
The current price of oil makes drilling economically feasible , so why not let the private sector go ahead and get our oil ?
The Obama administration , however , views energy policy through green eyeshades .
Every aspect of its approach to energy is subordinated to radical environmental concerns .
This unprecedented lack of balance is placing offshore oil resources off - limits .
The O Force would prefer the country shift its energy production to alternative sources , such as nuclear , solar and wind power .
In theory , there ’s nothing wrong with that , in the long run , assuming technology can catch up to demand .
But we have not yet reached the green utopia , we wo n’t get there anytime soon , and America needs more oil now .
Russia more sensibly views energy primarily as a strategic resource .
Energy is critical to Russia ’s economy , as fuel and as a source of profit through export .
Russia also has used energy as a coercive diplomatic tool , shutting off natural gas piped to Eastern Europe in the middle of winter to make a point about how dependent the countries are that do business with the Russians .
Now Russia is using oil exploration to establish a new presence in the Western Hemisphere .
It recently concluded four contracts securing oil - exploration rights in Cuba ’s economic zone in the Gulf of Mexico .
A Russian - Cuban joint partnership will exploit oil found in the deep waters of the Gulf .
Cuba has rights to the area in which drilling will be conducted under an agreement the Carter administration recognized .
From Russia ’s perspective , this is another way to gain leverage inside what traditionally has been America ’s sphere of influence .
It may not be as dramatic as the Soviet Union attempting to use Cuba as a missile platform , but in the energy wars , the message is the same .
Russia is projecting power into the Western Hemisphere while the United States retreats .
The world will not tolerate a superpower that acts like a sidekick much longer .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Red Bull 's brake supplier Brembo has denied that a failure of its system was to blame for Sebastian Vettel 's Australian Grand Prix retirement .
The German was leading when a wheel problem ended his race on lap 26 .
" Vettel 's exit was not caused by the braking system .
The torque drive between the front left axle and wheel was lost , " Brembo said in a statement .
" The wheel nut was correctly tightened at the pitstop as well as other possible causes of the fault . "
As at the season - opening race in Bahrain , Vettel qualified in pole position , and he did well in wet conditions to open up a substantial lead .
But the 22 - year - old ended up in the gravel and another good chance of victory was snatched from his grasp .
Reigning world champion Jenson Button moved into the lead and went on to secure his first grand prix victory for McLaren .
ANDREW BENSON BLOG Sunday 's events in Albert Park proved the folly of writing off one of the world 's most unpredictable sports so early
Vettel said after Sunday 's race that he had seen sparks coming up from the front - left wheel and felt huge vibrations going into Turn 13 .
" As soon as I touched the brakes I had some sort of failure going in to Turn 13 and ended up in the gravel , " he added .
In Bahrain a faulty spark plug saw Vettel relinquish the lead and he eventually finished fourth .
Electricity really is the ideal form of propulsion for the automobile because it is clean and quiet .
They knew this at the turn of the century , but the problem was batteries and range – that was the main concern back then and it is the main concern people have now .
Most of the major automakers , from Audi to Volvo , are working on electric cars , and we 'll see the first of them on the road at the end of this year .
So electric cars are nothing new .
We used two electric Ford Focuses to race around the track on my TV show .
I 've also got my own electric car .
It 's quite advanced , it goes 100 miles on a charge and it ’s fully electric .
And it was built in 1909 .
Let 's step back in time a little bit to take a ride in my 1909 Baker Electric .
You 'll see just how much has changed and how much has stayed the same .
I think you 'll be surprised at some of the similarities .
The Baker is quite easy to drive .
You have two pedals , two gauges and a tiller steerer .
Turn the key and it starts .
When you 're ready to roll , all you do is push the lever and you move forward .
Roll - up windows had n’t been invented when my Baker was built ; it has old railroad - style windows you pull up or slide down .
Although the Baker looks like a carriage – it basically is a carriage – it was quite advanced for its day .
The fenders , for example , are leather .
Leather was sort of the carbon fiber of that era because it was extremely lightweight .
This car has electric lights inside and out , including the taillights .
That was unusual back then – most cars still used gas lamps .
Nowadays , when most people think of electric cars , they think of glorified golfcarts used by seniors to nip down to the store ( or they think of the Tesla Roadster and its six - figure pricetag ) .
The Ford Focus EV is something else entirely .
It 's a real car that 's fun to drive .
The only difference between it and the gasoline - burning Ford Focus is the electric drivetrain .
Get in the Focus and and press the Start button and the first thing you notice is how quiet the car is .
It 's eerily quiet – so quiet , in fact , that all you hear is the tires screeching when you push the car hard .
The Focus EV is a bit heavy in the back because you ’re carrying 300 pounds of batteries .
But people who have driven one really are amazed by how nice it is .
You forget after a while that there 's no gasoline .
I contend that the Focus EV is faster than a similar gasoline - burning car because of the low - end torque .
Electric cars are quite snappy off the line .
The only place an electric car really loses out to a gasoline car is in top speed .
But the EV has the added benefit of being cleaner and quieter .
One reason EVs did n't catch on first time around , aside from the range issue , was the fact the starter motor had n't been invented yet .
When you wanted to start a gasoline car , you cranked .
Hard .
It was dangerous , too – you could break your thumb , you could break your arm and you had to be pretty strong to get the thing started .
A lot of women could n’t drive because they were n't strong enough to crank the motor and , besides , it was n't considered ladylike back in the day .
So , women loved electric cars .
Clara Ford , Henry Ford ’s wife , drove a Baker because she could n’t crank a Model T. Electrics got stuck with the " chick car " label , and everyone knows you can't sell " chick cars " to men .
Although electrics like my Baker had a lot going for them , they did n't sell well enough to survive .
The Focus EV is a quick and nimble little car that 's fun to drive .
Under the hood , the Focus and the Baker are remarkably similar .
There 's a motor , a controller and a big battery .
The Baker 's battery puts out 78 volts and the car is a 6 - volt system .
Like the Focus , you just push the pedal and go .
The top speed is about 22 mph .
That does n’t seem like much , but when you ’re driving a car that 's as tall as it is long , you do n’t want to go much faster than 22 miles an hour .
And do n't forget – there were n't a lot of paved roads back then .
The Baker was the perfect city car in a place like New York .
You could just charge it up and go to Macy ’s or Gimbels .
Surprisingly , New York at the turn of the century had a number of charging stations every 10 blocks or so .
Bakers also were used as taxicabs .
Behind the wheel , the driving experience in the Baker is remarkably similar to the experience in the Focus .
There is a tremendous amount of torque in both cars .
Although the Baker does n’t go particularly fast , it will climb any hill with four people in it because electric motors make all their torque the moment you press the accelerator .
Just push on the gear lever , push on the throttle – or the rheostat , I guess you ’d call it – and you ’ve got all the power you need .
I feel a connection between the two cars because the mode of transportation is exactly the same – there is no transmission , so when you put electricity through the motor it goes immediately to the rear wheels .
The drivetrain or , more specifically , how the drivetrain works , is the same in both cars .
Obviously the Focus ’s motor is more efficient and your range is a lot better ( Ford 's shooting for 100 miles from a 23 kilowatt - hour battery ) , but the cars are , at heart , remarkably similar .
I think electric vehicles are the future .
Hydrogen is very sexy , but we have the technology and infrastructure for electricity right now .
So , for now , anyway , electrics are the way to go .
For the three or four readers who do n't know , Jay Leno is the host of The Tonight Show With Jay Leno and an avowed gearhead who owns about 200 vehicles .
Photos and video : Jay Leno
See Also :
Old EVs are a lot like new EVs under the skin – a motor , a controller and , of course , a big honkin ' battery .
Here 's a look under the hood of the Baker .
And here 's a look under the hood of the Focus .
The controls are pretty straightforward – accelerator , brake and gauges .
The dashboard in the Focus conveys a bit more information .
Ford plans to start offering the Focus EV in 2011 .
Three Tesla employees have died in a plane crash in East Palo Alto , VentureBeat reports .
Previously , Jalopnik said it was three executives .
Tesla CEO
Elon Musk , former co-founder of Paypal , was not on the plane , according to the company .
In a statement he said , " Three Tesla employees were on board a plane that crashed in East Palo Alto early this morning .
We are withholding their identities as we work with the relevant authorities to notify the families .
Our thoughts and prayers are with them .
Tesla is a small , tightly - knit company , and this is a tragic day for us . "
We 've heard JB Straubel , Telsa 's CTO , was not on the plane .
According to the SF Gate , the plane was owned by Doug Bourn , an electrical engineer for the electric car startup .
It 's unclear if he was flying the plane or on the plane at all .
Tesla makes the Roadster , an all - electric sports car , and recently filed for an IPO .
Update : VentureBeat says the employees that died were Doug Bourn , Andrew Ingram and senior manager Brian Finn .
Blog posts
I know what some of you might be thinking …
What is so revolutionary about that pouch underwear ?
Boxers are boxers !
What can actually change ?
I k ...
Recently , nVidia posted a WHQL driver “ Release 196.75 ” .
The driver brought WHQL - certified support for nVidia ION , recently renamed 300 - series cards , Optimus - enabled GPUs and many more .
However , the driver was quickly found to prevent the fan from spinning and caused a death of multiple graphics cards around the world .
Yes , you ’ve read that correctly
The drivers had an extreme version of issue nVidia already experienced last year with one of past WHQL - certified drives , when the drivers broke fan control on custom - built GeForce cards .
Unfortunately for a lot of customers , Release 196.75 brought nothing else but tears , as Internet Forums started filling with complaints about graphics cards that started to die out , most notably during Blizzard ’s StarCraft II beta test .
Activision Blizzard was also first to react and made an official comment on the state of the drivers , advising its customers and testers to immediately go back to previous driver revision , i.e. Release 196.21 .
We contacted Bryan Del Rizzo , nVidia ’s PR Manager for GeForce for comment :
“ We are aware that some customers have reported fan speed issues with the latest 196.75 WHQL drivers on NVIDIA.com .
Until we can verify and root cause this issue , we recommend that customers stay with , or return to 196.21 WHQL drivers .
Release 196.75 drivers have been temporarily removed from our Web site in the meantime . ”
Given that the most users that reported their graphics cards have died were using a custom - built boards featuring nVidia ’s favorite renaming chip of all times , G92 GPU [ 8800GT , 8800GTS , 9800GT , 9800GTX and the subsequent 55nm die-shrink : 9800GTX+ , GTS 250 ] : GeForce 9800GT , 9800GTX and GTS 250 were particular victims of this issue .
The biggest question that now remains is how fast nVidia will handle this situation with the physically damaged users , as it is clear that board vendors will have to accept RMAs for the cards , and if there ’s one thing that we heard from nVidia partners here at CeBIT , that was a collective opinion that they ’ve lost faith in the company .
This driver troubleshooting situation certainly did n’t help and we see no other but to address those concerns in a separate article .
Original Author : Theo Valich
Webmaster ’s note :
This news article is part of our Archive , if you are looking for up - to date articles we would recommend a visit to our technology news section on the frontpage .
Additionally , we take great pride in our Home Office section , as well as our VPN Reviews , so be sure to check them out as well .
2018 -04-10 Note : updated version is at http://virtualmathmuseum.org/
Constant mean curvature of 0 .
If you have a question , put $ 5 at patreon and message me .
One of the interesting side effects of last year 's stimulus bill was $ 400 million in funding for ARPA - E , the civilian , energy - focused cousin of DARPA .
And in this week 's first ever ARPA - E conference , MIT chemist Dan Nocera showed how well he put that stimulus money to use by highlighting his new photosynthetic process .
Using a special catalyst , the process splits water into oxygen and hydrogen fuel efficiently enough to power a home using only sunlight and a bottle of water .
BAGHDAD —
The victory by the former Iraqi prime minister Ayad Allawi in the national parliamentary elections was received everywhere as a surprise , which in a way , of course , it was .
But when you look closer at his campaign in comparison with that of the man he defeated , Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki , it does n’t look like a surprise at all .
The heart of Mr. Allawi ’s popularity is that he is totally secular .
This fact is important for many Iraqis after the catastrophes of the sectarian war of 2006 - 7 .
Mr. Maliki is not a secular leader yet .
He is a half - secular and half - sectarian Shiite Islamist .
Many secular Shiites — if not all of them — voted for Mr. Allawi , even though he was identified as the candidate of choice for Iraq ’s Sunnis .
“ Allawi ’s victory is a major indication for the change of the Iraqi people ’s mood over the use of religion in politics , ” said Dr. Hazim al - Nuaimi , a political analyst in Baghdad .
“ Iraqis are fed up with the ideological religious parties . ”
The West
Mr. Allawi also enjoys better relations with the United States , Britain and the West in general .
After all , he was appointed interim prime minister by the Americans in 2004 .
His movement had the best relations with the State Department , the British Foreign Office and the two countries ’ intelligence communities .
“ Allawi has historical relations with both the Americans and the British , ” said Ahmed Abdul Hussein , a well known Iraqi writer who was the editor in chief for several Iraqi newspapers .
“ Despite the clear decline of the American role in Iraq , the Americans are trying to perform the role of the honest judge in Iraqi politics . ”
The Arab World
Mr. Allawi also has better relations with Iraq ’s Arab neighbors .
His movement was established in Saudi Arabia , where he still has excellent contacts .
( Indeed his opponents accuse him of being financed by such outsiders . )
His movement operated in Jordan in the 1990s , and his relations with Turkey , Egypt and Syria are also very good .
He had bad relations with Iran , but managed to repair them after approaching the Iranians in Baghdad and Tehran in recent months .
Mr. Maliki , by contrast , has bad relations with many Arab countries , including Saudi Arabia .
“ Allawi knows that the prime minister must be Shiite and that Arabs will not object to a secular non-sectarian Shiite like him , ” said Dr. Ghassan al - Attiya , an Iraqi political analyst based in London .
“ He knows also that if Iran objects to his premiership , he will never assume power .
So he has sent many positive messages to the Iranians . ”
The Media
Mr. Allawi has much better relations with Iraqi , Arab and Western news agencies than his opponent .
The satellite channel Al Sharqiya — one of the best Iraqi channels in terms of technical performance — was banned by Mr. Maliki .
It has endorsed Mr. Allawi .
The Saudi - financed station Al Arabiya — one of the best Arab channels — did the same for Mr. Allawi .
Reporters for Western news outlets have to wait for hours to get into one of Mr. Maliki ’s news conferences , and he has launched a very aggressive campaign against what he calls the “ poisonous media . ”
By contrast , reporters are able to interview Mr. Allawi with one telephone call .
“ Allawi has much better P.R. skills — including speaking English — than Maliki , who has called some Iraqi Web sites and blogs “ garbage rooms , ” Mr. Abdul Hussein , the editor , said .
Revenge and Reconciliation
While Mr. Maliki , the most prominent member of the Dawa Party , represents the victims of Saddam ’s oppression — they see him as the man who will give them justice and revenge — Mr. Allawi is a former member of Saddam ’s Baath Party , is himself a victim of Saddam ’s policies , and represents reconciliation between the eras .
Mr. Maliki has recently launched another aggressive campaign against the Baathists , accusing them of plotting the deadly bombings in Baghdad in the second half of 2009 .
These attacks , which claimed about 500 lives , were a major reason for Mr. Maliki ’s loss of popularity .
While Mr. Maliki tried hard to win more Sunnis to his State of Law alliance , Mr. Allawi was the one who managed to attract most of the Sunni leaders and parties .
Saleh al - Mutlaq , Tariq al - Hashimi and Osama al - Nujaifi , among others , joined his Iraqiya alliance and accepted the fact that he is their candidate for prime minister .
“ Mr. Allawi managed to win 85 percent of the votes of Sunnis , who preferred his secularism over the failure of the sectarian Sunni parties , ” said Ibrahim al - Sumaidaei , a political analyst based in Baghdad .
Allies
While Mr. Maliki has lost most of his previous allies , such as the Kurds , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq and the Sadrist movement , Mr. Allawi was able to attract at least some of them to the idea of his leadership .
Even many of his fellow Shiites have rejected Mr. Maliki ’s attempt to have another term in office .
“ We had negative experiences with Maliki , ” said Dr. Mahmoud Othman , a Kurdish member of Parliament .
“ On the other hand , we have very good relations with Allawi . ”
Despite the intense disagreement with the Kurds , Mr. Maliki was not able to form a real practical political challenge to the Kurds in the oil - rich province of Kirkuk .
Mr. Allawi did so .
After managing to unite the Arabs and the Turkmens with Turkey ’s blessing , it was the first time a non-Kurdish political bloc won most of the votes in any election in Kirkuk since the American invasion of 2003 .
Kirkuk ’s election result , with Mr. Allawi taking six seats and the Kurds six , was a very unhappy development for the Kurds .
Riyadh Mohammed is an Iraqi journalist who works for The New York Times in Baghdad .
For reaction in Baghdad see Tim Arango ’s tour of the capital ’s varied neighborhoods : ‘ Celebrations and Protests ’ .
In the rest of the country , our Iraqi correspondents have sampled opinions from the regions .
The delicate nebula NGC 1788 , located in a dark and often neglected corner of the Orion constellation , is revealed in a new and finely nuanced image that the European Southern Observatory is releasing .
Although this ghostly cloud is rather isolated from Orion 's bright stars , the latter 's powerful winds and light have had a strong impact on the nebula , forging its shape and making it home to a multitude of infant suns .
Stargazers all over the world are familiar with the distinctive profile of the constellation of Orion ( the Hunter ) .
Fewer know about the nebula NGC 1788 , a subtle , hidden treasure just a few degrees away from the bright stars in Orion 's belt .
NGC 1788 is a reflection nebula , whose gas and dust scatter the light coming from a small cluster of young stars in such a way that the tenuous glow forms a shape reminiscent of a gigantic bat spreading its wings .
Very few of the stars belonging to the nebula are visible in this image , as most of them are obscured by the dusty cocoons surrounding them .
The most prominent , named HD 293815 , can be distinguished as the bright star in the upper part of the cloud , just above the centre of the image and the pronounced dark lane of dust extending through the nebula .
Although NGC 1788 appears at first glance to be an isolated cloud , observations covering a field beyond the one presented in this image have revealed that bright , massive stars , belonging to the vast stellar groupings in Orion , have played a decisive role in shaping NGC 1788 and stimulating the formation of its stars .
They are also responsible for setting the hydrogen gas ablaze in the parts of the nebula facing Orion , leading to the red , almost vertical rim visible in the left half of the image .
All the stars in this region are extremely young , with an average age of only a million years , a blink of an eye compared to the Sun 's age of 4.5 billion years .
Analysing them in detail , astronomers have discovered that these " preschool " stars fall naturally into three well separated classes : the slightly older ones , located on the left side of the red rim , the fairly young ones , to its right , making up the small cluster enclosed in the nebula and illuminating it , and eventually the very youngest stars , still deeply embedded in their nascent dusty cocoons , further to the right .
Although none of the latter are visible in this image because of the obscuring dust , dozens of them have been revealed through observations in the infrared and millimetre wavelengths of light .
This fine distribution of stars , with the older ones closer to Orion and the younger ones concentrated on the opposite side , suggests that a wave of star formation , generated around the hot and massive stars in Orion , propagated throughout NGC 1788 and beyond .
This image has been obtained using the Wide Field Imager on the MPG / ESO 2.2 - metre telescope at ESO 's La Silla Observatory in Chile .
This is the third such transplant to be done , and the first in a child A 10 - year - old British boy has become the first child to undergo a windpipe transplant with an organ crafted from his own stem cells .
It is hoped that using the boy 's own tissue in the nine - hour operation at Great Ormond Street Hospital will cut the risk of rejection .
The world 's first tissue - engineered windpipe transplant was done in Spain in 2008 but with a shorter graft .
Doctors say the boy is doing well and breathing normally .
He has a rare condition called Long Segment Congenital Tracheal Stenosis , in which patients are born with an extremely narrow airway .
It is the first time a child has received stem cell organ treatment , and it's the longest airway that has ever been replaced
Professor Martin Birchall , University College London
At birth his airway was just one millimetre across .
Doctors had previously operated to expand his airway but in November last year he suffered complications from erosion of a metal stent in his windpipe or trachea .
In order to build him a new airway , doctors took a donor trachea , stripped it down to the collagen scaffolding , and then injected stem cells taken from his bone marrow .
The organ was then implanted in the boy and over the next month , doctors expect the stem cells to transform into specialised cells which form the inside and outside of the trachea .
Pioneering
Two years ago , Claudia Castillo , a 30 - year - old mother of two , became the first person to receive a transplant organ created from stem cells .
PERSONAL VIEWPOINT
Carley Bowman , mother of a son with the same condition
" I can not tell you what hope this gives us as a family .
My three - year - old son has Long Segment Congenital Tracheal Stenosis .
He had surgery to widen his windpipe a year ago .
Our son has had a relatively straight - forward recovery , but we live with the constant fear that his condition may deteriorate .
Should he suffer complications in the future , there are a range of procedures already at his surgeon 's disposal .
These are designed to improve quality of life .
But should the worst happen and our son's condition become life - threatening once again , knowing there is now the possibility of a tracheal transplant is a very liberating feeling . "
She received a new section of trachea after her own had been damaged by tuberculosis .
The latest operation is a significant advance on that pioneering work , as it is the first time a whole tissue engineered windpipe has been transplanted .
Also in Ms Castillo 's case , doctors grew the new tissue from her stem cells in the laboratory .
But in the UK operation , the donor windpipe was treated with a cocktail of chemicals designed to prompt the stem cells to grow into new tissue once inside the body .
Professor Martin Birchall , head of translational regenerative medicine at University College London , who was part of the team behind the operation , said it was a " real milestone " .
" It is the first time a child has received stem cell organ treatment , and it's the longest airway that has ever been replaced .
" I think the technique will allow not just highly specialised hospitals to carry out stem cell organ transplants . "
He said more clinical trials were needed to prove the technique worked but that the team was also thinking about transplanting other organs , such as the oesophagus .
Key members of the team behind the latest operation Professor Anthony Hollander , ARC professor of rheumatology and tissue engineering at the University of Bristol , said : " The advantage of the new approach is that it can be performed quickly and cheaply and so if successful it could be made available to large numbers of patients at relatively low cost . "
But he said the technique was more unpredictable than that done in the laboratory because there is less control of the type of stem cells being used and a very short time between seeding the cells onto the scaffold and implantation .
Stem cell pioneer Professor Paolo Macchiarini , from Careggi University Hospital in Florence was involved in both the Spanish and UK transplants .
He had also carried out the stem cell procedure on a 53 - year - old Italian woman .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Vatican has attacked the media over charges that the Pope failed to act against a US priest accused of abusing up to 200 deaf boys two decades ago .
A Vatican newspaper editorial said the claims were an " ignoble " attack on the Pope and that there was no " cover - up " .
The head of the UK Catholic church said the Pope had made important changes to the way abuse was dealt with .
The Catholic church has been hit by a series of allegations in Europe and the US over the past months .
The latest allegations stem from the US , after it emerged that Archbishops had complained in 1996 about a priest , Fr Lawrence Murphy .
Their complaints went to a Vatican office led by the future Pope Benedict XVI .
There was no immediate response .
Later an internal trial was initiated , but it was halted following a plea from Fr Murphy .
One victim told the BBC the Pope had known of a cover - up " for many years " .
Arthur Budzinski , now 61 , said Pope Benedict should confess about what he knew .
The Pope knew for many , many years
Arthur Budzinski
Alleged Wisconsin child abuse victim
Abused Wisconsin victims ' anguish Profile : Vatican 's watchdog Pressure grows on Pope What next for the Pope ?
He said through an interpreter : " It goes all the way up to him - he was in charge of these types of cases . "
The recent allegations against the Catholic Church echo paedophilia scandals that rocked the institution in America eight years ago .
Allegations of the abuse of deaf children have also resurfaced in Italy , where interviews with several victims were due to be broadcast on national television on Friday .
At least 14 former pupils at the Antonio Provolo Institute for the Deaf in the northern city of Verona say they were abused between the 1950s and the 1980s .
They complained to local Church authorities as early as 2008 .
The diocese of Verona said this week that it intends to interview the victims following a request from the Vatican to do so .
And in a separate case , the Legionaries of Christ , an ultra-Conservative congregation within Catholicism , condemned the " reprehensible " actions of their Mexican founder , the late Fr Marcial Maciel Degollado , who sexually abused a number of children in the 1940s and 1950s .
' No cover - up ' Fr Murphy is suspected of abusing some 200 boys at St John 's School for the Deaf in St Francis , Wisconsin , between 1950 and 1974 .
ANALYSIS Christopher Landau , BBC religious affairs correspondent
Pope Benedict 's 2008 meeting with victims of abuse in the United States showed he was unafraid to be personally associated with the church 's apology .
Some Catholics now fear that enemies of the church are determined to link the pope with the crisis .
While it 's clear that in his latter years as a Vatican official , the then Cardinal Ratzinger initiated bold measures to tackle the issue head - on , legitimate questions remain about his handling of sexual abuse cases earlier in his career .
And for a serving pope to have any degree of personal association with such a damaging scandal facing the church creates a climate of unease and uncertainty for the whole institution .
Reactions to Vatican stance According to Church documents , an archbishop wrote in 1996 to a Vatican morals watchdog led by the then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger to complain about Fr Murphy .
A canonical trial was authorised by the future pope 's deputy , but was later halted , despite objections from a second archbishop .
Fr Murphy had written to Cardinal Ratzinger saying he was ill and wanted to live out his life in the " dignity of my priesthood " .
The Pope 's official spokesman , Federico Lombardi , said the Murphy case had only reached the Vatican in 1996 - two decades after the Milwaukee diocese in Wisconsin first learned of the allegations , and two years before the priest died .
The diocese had been asked to take action by " restricting Father Murphy 's public ministry and requiring that Father Murphy accept full responsibility for the gravity of his acts " , Fr Lombardi said .
" Father Murphy died approximately four months later , without further incident , " the statement said .
The papal spokesman also noted that police at the time investigated the allegations , but did not bring charges .
A strongly worded Vatican newspaper editorial said there was " no cover - up " over the case , which was reported in Thursday 's edition of the New York Times .
L'Osservatore Romano labelled the allegations " clearly an ignoble attempt to strike at Pope Benedict and his closest aides at any cost " .
Meanwhile , one of the Pope 's top aides , Cardinal Jose Saraiva Martins , told reporters there was " a conspiracy " against the Church , without specifying who was responsible .
The Pope was also supported in the UK by the Archbishop of Westminster , Vincent Nichols , who said the then Cardinal Ratzinger had not been an " idle observer " in the case .
Writing in the Times , the Archbishop also said the Pope had introduced changes into Church law to protect children .
The BBC's Robert Pigott in Milwaukee says the US case is particularly shocking , not only because the priest abused boys but because he was allowed to go on to another diocese where he had access to children all over again .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Our correspondent says that although there is no direct evidence against the then Cardinal Ratzinger , this is an uncomfortable confluence of events for the Vatican .
This is a case of concealment , he says , and that is where the Pope will have a case to answer .
Ireland letter Fr Murphy - who admitted abusing boys before he died in 1998 - is said to have targeted victims in their dormitory beds , on school trips and even at confession .
Fr Lawrence Murphy died in 1998 with no official blemish on his record Lawsuits have been filed on behalf of five men alleging the Archdiocese of Milwaukee did not take sufficient action against the priest .
Last week the Pope issued an unprecedented letter to Ireland addressing the 16 years of clerical cover - up scandals .
He has yet to comment on his handling of a child sex abuse case involving a German priest , which developed while Benedict was overseeing the Munich archdiocese .
Fr Peter Hullermann had been accused of abusing boys when the now Pope approved his 1980 transfer to Munich to receive psychological treatment for paedophilia .
The disgraced priest was convicted in 1986 of abusing a youth , but stayed within the Church for another two decades .
Sir Ken Macdonald , former Director of Public Prosecutions in England and Wales , said the Vatican ought to report all abuse cases to the police .
" If teachers in a school commit abuse against children , we do n't say it 's for the school to resolve that issue , " Sir Ken told Radio 4 's Today programme .
Correction :
Our story originally said the archbishop 's letter to the Vatican " apparently received no response " .
On 31 March 2010 we corrected this to say : " There was no immediate response .
Later an internal trial was initiated , but it was halted following a plea from Fr Murphy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Circuit of the Americas has announced that NASCAR will be making a stop in Austin for the first time in 2021 .
The inaugural running of the NASCAR Cup Series at COTA will take place on May 23 , 2021
Israel 's ambassador to the US , Michael Oren , has said the row over new housing in East Jerusalem has triggered the worst crisis in US - Israeli relations in 35 years , despite attempts by Binyamin Netanyahu to project a sense of " business as usual " .
The question is whether the US will move beyond criticism to take punitive action if its demands are not met .
Israel is the largest recipient of US foreign aid – $ 2.4bn annually , rising to $ 3bn in 2011 – much of it for the military .
No US president since George Bush
Sr has tried to make aid to Israel contingent on the country 's adherence to international law .
Oren , a historian before taking up Israel 's most important diplomatic post , reportedly characterised the crisis as the most serious since a 1975 confrontation between Henry Kissinger and the prime minister , Yitzhak Rabin , over a US demand for a partial Israeli withdrawal from Egypt 's Sinai peninsula .
President Gerald Ford then embarked on a " reassessment " of US policy , expressing " profound disappointment " over Israel 's attitude in negotiations with Egypt .
For six months the US refused to conclude new arms agreements with Israel .
Rabin called it " one of the worst periods in American - Israeli relations " .
Ford came under pressure from Jewish and pro-Israel groups at home and Israel eventually relented , allowing the pullback to take place .
That paved the way for Anwar Sadat 's initiative in 1977 , which culminated in the Camp David accords brokered by President Jimmy Carter , and the 1979 peace treaty .
It also led the way for a second disengagement of forces on the Golan Heights , an arrangement that has held to this day .
Other crises followed .
In 1981 Israel and lobby groups worked hard but failed to torpedo a sale of US - made Awacs surveillance aircraft to Saudi Arabia , then as now a key Arab ally of the US .
The Israeli prime minister , Menachem Begin expressed " profound regret and unreserved opposition " to the proposal , triggering rare anger in Washington , where the administration delayed the delivery of military aircraft to Israel .
President Ronald Reagan suspended a strategic co-operation agreement after Israel annexed the part of the Golan Heights it still occupied .
In 1982 the US was accused of giving Israel a " green light " to invade Lebanon and destroy the PLO .
Differences emerged over Israel 's use of US - supplied military equipment and the siege of Beirut .
Israel rejected Reagan 's September 1982 Middle East peace plan , but that appeared to have no negative effect on US friendship and support for Israel .
There were also ructions over the case of Jonathan Pollard , a US intelligence analyst who was convicted of spying for Israel in 1987 .
The next low point came in 1991 , in the wake of the Gulf war , when the Likud prime minister , Yitzhak Shamir , requested $ 10bn in US loan guarantees to help absorb Soviet and Ethiopian Jewish immigrants .
There was a showdown when Bush withheld the guarantees in response to Shamir 's intransigence over settlements in the occupied territories .
The freeze ended in 1992 when Rabin 's newly elected Labour - led coalition approved a partial housing construction freeze in the territories – the very same issue at the heart of the current US - Israeli friction .
In recent years US relations with Israel were probably at their smoothest and most uncritical during the two terms of President George W Bush , covering the 9/11 attacks and the invasion of Iraq .
The US effectively backed Israel over the 2006 war against Hizbullah in Lebanon and the war against Hamas in Gaza in late 2008 and early 2009 .
But Bush urged Netanyahu 's predecessor , Ehud Olmert , not to attack Iran and to give diplomacy and sanctions time to deal with the Islamic republic 's nuclear programme .
Both Israeli leaders seem to have agreed .
It is too soon to say whether US - Israeli relations will change significantly under Barack Obama .
But the current level of anger in Washington suggests this could be the moment that they do .
• This article was amended on 16 March 2010 to make clear that George Bush urged Netanyahu 's predecessor , Ehud Olmert , not to attack Iran .
Jump function do n't work on the first level !
I can move sideways but not jump .
did try x or j neither of them is not working well .
Can you figure out if this is on my end or anyone else having this problem as well ?
At least six Coptic Christians and a security official have been killed in a drive - by shooting outside a church in southern Egypt , officials say .
The shooting came as worshippers left the church in Naj Hammadi after a midnight mass on Coptic Christmas Eve .
A car pulled up and gunfire was sprayed into the crowd .
Officials say they suspect the attack is in revenge for the rape of a 12 - year - old Muslim girl by a Christian man in the town in November .
There were five days of riots in the town , with Christian properties torched and damaged , following the rape .
Police said the chief attacker in Wednesday 's shooting had been identified but no arrests had yet been made .
Tensions in the area are said to be high , with reports of clashes .
ANALYSIS
The BBC's Yolande Knell , in Cairo
Since the 1970s , when Islamic extremism began to increase in Egypt , there have been sporadic clashes between Muslims and members of the Coptic Christian minority .
The most serious cases are usually in poor , rural areas where the trigger is often a dispute over land or women , which spills over into sectarian violence .
Whole communities can become involved .
Local authorities ' handling of such cases is often criticised .
Police are accused of delaying their response to reports of fighting and then simply arresting equal numbers of individuals from each faith .
Sometimes criminal investigations are dropped in favour of informal reconciliation meetings .
The church 's Bishop Kirollos said there had been threats in the days leading up to the Christmas Eve service - a reason he decided to end his mass an hour earlier than normal .
" For days , I had expected something to happen on Christmas Eve , " he told the Associated Press .
He said he left the church minutes before the attack .
" A driving car swerved near me , so I took the back door , " he said .
" By the time I shook hands with someone at the gate , I heard the mayhem , lots of machine - gun shots . "
Two Muslim passers - by were among 10 people reportedly injured in the attack .
Naj Hammadi is 40 miles ( 64 km ) from Luxor , southern Egypt 's biggest city .
Coptic Christians - who make up 10 % of Egypt 's 80 million population - have complained of harassment and discrimination .
Some Copts argue that previous attacks on them have gone unpunished or have drawn light sentences .
Most Christians in Egypt are Copts - Christians descended from the ancient Egyptians .
Their church split from the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches in 451AD because of a theological dispute over the nature of Christ , but is now , on most issues , doctrinally similar to the Eastern Orthodox church .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
More and more personal , private information is being used and stored online than ever before , and at the same time , attacks on that information are increasing in frequency and sophistication .
Phishing is a growth industry — it 's very profitable to trick people into handing over names , passwords , credit card numbers , and so on , so that their finances can be pillaged .
Important activities like banking and filing tax returns are being performed , and these need strong proof of identity .
On the other hand , there 's no reason why a storefront like , say , iTunes , needs to know your identity ; it only needs to know that the money being handed over is yours to hand over .
Ultimately , we want to be able to securely make transactions without giving third parties the ability to masquerade as us ; we want to be able to visit websites and make purchases without those sites being able to track us or combine different pieces of information to draw a more complete picture of us ; we want to be able to be able to disclose some information about ourselves , but not everything .
The U - Prove framework , released as a CTP today by Microsoft , aims to solve these problems .
With current systems , there 's no good way to prove your identity to those sites that need verification , and conversely , there 's also no good way to restrict what you inadvertently reveal to those sites that do n't need your identity .
To use a credit card on iTunes , I have to hand over so much information that Apple , if it was a bad actor , could masquerade as me .
I can't just give Apple some electronic money ; instead , I have to give them my name , address , and credit card number .
In practice , the real problem with me handing over so much info to iTunes is n't that Apple might pretend to be me — with billions in the bank the company does n't really need to charge things to my credit card , after all — but that hackers ( both external and internal ) might take this stored data and use it for their own nefarious purposes .
And these are not hypothetical concerns .
An estimated 222 million records were exposed in 2009 in a wide range of data breaches .
Many occurred in banking and government systems ( systems which arguably do need to retain a significant amount of personal data ) , but more than half were disclosures by businesses , many of whom only retain private information because current technology gives them no choice .
If convenience features like automatic " click once " - style payments are to be offered by these companies , they have to retain information about my name , address , credit cards , and so on .
The U - Prove system is designed to be a solution to this problem .
It was put together by respected cryptography researcher Dr Stefan Brands .
He created a company to develop and market U - Prove , Credentica , which was bought by Microsoft in March 2008 .
With U - Prove , identity information can be used securely , and private data can be safely shared to those parties that need it , without leaking more information than is required .
U - Prove allows the creation of secure ID tokens , which are pieces of data that incorporate whatever information I need for a given task — but no more — along with cryptographic protection to ensure that they can't be forged , reused , traced back to me , or linked to other tokens that I have issued .
In a world with U - Prove , many existing identity management problems would go away .
If my credit card company and online music service both supported U - Prove , I could create a token that allowed a single limited electronic money transfer from my card to the music company , without disclosing my name , address , or date of birth , and without that token being usable to make further purchases .
Similarly , I might want to buy a computer game from an online store , the same situation as before , but this time with a twist : the computer game is rated 18 +.
So to make the purchase , I have to reveal my age , as well as the money transfer , to the online store .
U - Prove lets me do this , but still does n't require me to reveal my name , address , or any other irrelevant detail .
An hour - long presentation by Dr Brands describes how U - Prove works and how it achieves what it does ( with even more detail available in his freely downloadable book ) .
It builds on existing public key cryptography concepts , but adds to them the important ability to hide data .
Normal public key cryptography is something of an all - or - nothing affair — to prove that a particular piece of data was encrypted by a particular person , you need to know the data .
U - Prove allows that proof to take place without revealing all the data .
All of this is useful , but it suffers a substantial chicken - and - egg problem .
Users do n't have U - Prove , and have no incentive to get it , because service providers do n't support it anyway .
Without identity providers ( governments , banks , credit card companies ) , users , and service providers all agreeing to use the system , it 's unfortunately pointless .
Systems similar to U - Prove have been tried before , but typically they 've demanded money from both users and service providers alike to integrate the software .
Outside narrow niches , this is an unappealing prospect — they 're paying to integrate a system that no one uses anyway .
On top of this , Microsoft has dabbled , unsuccessfully , in this area before .
In 2001 , the company announced its Hailstorm platform .
Hailstorm was a set of Web services , integrating with the company 's Passport authentication system ( now known as Windows Live ID ) that allowed users to authenticate with third - party online applications and provide them with varying access to personal data stored within Passport .
Hailstorm was , however , a centralized system , with key portions owned and operated by Microsoft .
The software community balked at giving Redmond this much control — massive centralization is not an acceptable approach to the identity problem — and Hailstorm , along with third - party usage of Passport , was killed off .
It is for these reasons that Microsoft has released its U - Prove SDK using the open source BSD license .
Source code is available in both C# and Java , and the technology is covered by Microsoft 's Open Specification Promise .
This is a irrevocable promise by Microsoft that the company will not assert any claims against anyone using the technology that relate to any patents covering the technology .
By releasing the technology under a permissive license , and by making a legally binding agreement that patents covering the technology will not be used in legal action , the company hopes that there will be no barriers to using the system for both service and identity providers .
In addition to this core technology , Microsoft is integrating U - Prove into a range of its own identity products : Windows CardSpace 2 , Active Directory Federation Services 2 , and Windows Identity Foundation .
These technologies , codenamed " Geneva , " provide identity management facilities to end-users , administrators , and developers ( respectively ) , allowing each of those groups to integrate U - Prove into their existing systems .
As well as pure software systems , U - Prove can also be integrated with smartcard systems to provide multi-factor authentication and various other features .
Unfortunately , the reality is that U - Prove adoption still faces an uphill struggle .
The desirability for end - users is clear ; it permits both secure and private use of online services , and should offer substantial protection against many of the online threats currently faced .
It will substantially mitigate the damage caused by the kind of commonplace security breaches , and allow a much higher degree of privacy than is currently possible .
Identity providers — governments , banks , credit card companies — might also like the system .
Credit card fraud costs credit companies and banks money , after all — a secure system for online payments would undoubtedly be preferred .
Online service providers , however , are a slightly different story .
U - Prove allows meaningful privacy .
Obviously , if I 'm buying something from Amazon and need it to delivered , I need to give Amazon a delivery address .
This kind of information disclosure is unavoidable .
But if I 'm just downloading an MP3 from the company , they do n't need to know where I live ( perhaps they need to know my country , but certainly not my full address ) .
If Amazon supported U - Prove , I could make both these transactions , and Amazon would not even be able to know that it was me both times — that 's the level of privacy it provides .
Except that Amazon probably wants to know .
Amazon , as with many other online service providers ( king of these being Google ) , makes extensive use of shared data to make suggestions , both to me and other shoppers .
If I take away Amazon 's ability to link purchase data , to determine trends and patterns , Amazon becomes that much worse off .
This ability to mine data is increasingly important .
It 's why so many brick - and - mortar stores offer loyalty cards these days — loyalty cards let them track my habits even when I use ( otherwise untraceable ) cash .
A reliable , effective system that allows private purchasing would diminish that data mining capability , to the detriment of the vendors .
This is a pity .
The technology is clever , and the capabilities it offers would make the online world a great deal safer .
But outside of certain closed systems — large corporations wanting to govern access to their own internal systems , for example — it 's hard to see U - Prove ever taking off .
That case is Jacobsen v. Katzer , and the settlement documents were filed in court just after 9:00 AM this morning .
Links to each of them can be found later in this blog entry .
The brief background of the case , the legal issues at stake , and the settlement details are as follows .
A long running case of great significance to the legal underpinnings of free and open source / open source software ( F / OSS ) has just settled on terms favorable to the F / OSS developer .
The settlement follows a recent ruling by a U.S. Federal District Court judge that affirmed several key rights of F / OSS developers under existing law .
The software underlying such an important legal dispute is almost charmingly inconsequential from a commercial point of view - model railroad software .
But to the litigants , the stakes were high relative to their resources and their commitment to that niche .
The plaintiff , Robert Jacobsen , is a software developer member of the Java Model Railroad Interface ( JMRI ) Project , and the defendant , Matthew Katzer , is the owner of a proprietary vendor of model train software called KAMIND associates , d/b/ a KAM Industries .
While the factual background is comparatively simple - Katzer incorporated code written by Jacobsen into Katzer 's software , and deleted the copyright notices included in that software in the process - the legal issues at stake were very important .
From the F / OSS perspective , one of the most important questions involved whether a developer of software that made its code available for free - which , like most open source projects the JMRI Project did - can collect damages for copyright infringement .
If a F / OSS project cannot collect damages , then there would be little disincentive for anyone to reuse the project 's software in violation of the license terms the F / OSS project had adopted .
Those terms can include an affirmative obligation of a commercial developer to " give back " its own changes to the code for the benefit of others .
They invariably also include an obligation to acknowledge the authorship of those that had created the earlier code .
While F/ OSS software has become pervasive throughout the world , the licenses under which such software is made available are only just now becoming subject to disputes being heard in courts .
Because the courts of most countries , such as the United States , are obligated to enforce the same legal holdings on similar facts that courts in their jurisdiction have previously handed down , the outcomes of these first cases are extremely important .
And in the case of Jacobsen v. Katzer , the decisions reached would be the first of their kind in the United States .
Morever , the case was brought in a Federal District Court ( in this case the District Court for the Northern District of California ) , which would ensure that the decisions reached would be both closely watched .
While a full description of the various legal maneuverings that have occurred over the last several years is beyond the scope of this blog entry , you can find some background on the earlierr key decisions in the lawsuit here .
For current purposes , we will pick up the thread last fall , after initial rulings favoring Jacobsen had been handed by the District Court .
After this reversal , Katzer brought an appeal before the U.S. Federal Circuit Court of Appeals , meaning that whatever rulings that court handed down would be binding on all of the District Courts within that large federal Circuit .
And the Appeals Court affirmed the District Court 's ruling that violating the terms of the F / OSS license in question would result in the violation of Jacobsen 's enforceable copyright .
The case was then sent back ( " remanded " ) to the District Court for further action consistent with the Appellate Court 's affirmations .
After that ruling , both sides moved for " summary judgment " ( i.e. , a ruling by a judge acting alone , based only on the law , rather than a judge and a jury working together , based on the facts as well as the law ) on a variety of points .
The judge rejected Katzer 's motions , and granted Jacobsen 's in part .
Significantly for the F / OSS cause , the court found in favor of Jacobsen on three key points :
1 . The code in question was sufficiently original to be entitled to copyright protection .
While not unique to F / OSS code , this was a legal issue on which Jacobsen had to prevail in order to assert claims under copyright law .
2 . While the JMRI Project made its code available for free , there was " evidence in the record attributing a monetary value for the actual work performed by the contributors to the JMRI project , " thus laying the basis for monetary damages .
3 . The removal of the copyright and authorship data contained in the pirated code was a violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , thus providing a basis for suit for that action in violation of the JMRI license .
While the District Court judge did not agree , as requested by Jacobsen , to enter an injunction against Katzer , Katzer apparently decided it was time time cut his losses and settle for the most advantageous terms he could reach with Jacobsen .
The Settlement Agreement signed by the parties can be found here , and the Injunction they agreed to , which the Court will now enter , can be found here .
With the case now settled , there can be no further appeals - meaning that the rulings of the District and Appeals courts are now binding in their circuit .
Although federal courts in other circuits will not be bound this court 's decision , the California circuit is well respected , and other federal judges nationwide will be influenced by its legal conclusions .
As a result , the results of the Jacobsen v. Katzer could evenutally become the law of the land .
The result ?
F/OSS has achieved a significant victory that will provide comfort to developers that their expectations will be satisfied when they contribute code to a software project .
This is particularly significant for projects that adopt so - called " restrictive " licenses , such as the GNU General Public License , which are intended to prevent exploitation of the work of community developers for unauthorized commercial purposes .
All as a result of the determination of one model train buff to protect not only his rights , but those of the F / OSS community as well .
Have you discovered the Alexandria Project ?
By ' café léger ' , do you mean watery coffee ?
I can't think of any term that 's specific to coffee , though I 've often heard very weak or watery tea , coffee or beer referred to as ( or ) .
Not particularly sophisticated descriptions , but they get to the pointMy favourite coffee - related put - down comes from the British comedy series ' Blackadder ' .
The main character enters his dingy local coffee shop , greets the owner and calls for " a cup of your best hot water with brown grit in it .
Unless , of course , by some miracle , your coffee shop has started selling coffee . "
The graph below shows a possible scenario for average per capita oil consumption in the United States over the next 40 years , which could possibly drop by 90 % .
In this post I 'll have a look at the boost this is likely to give to populist politics and some of the possibilities for addressing this .
The " tea partiers " remain a somewhat disorganised grass - roots movement ( albeit one with concerted efforts by the conservative establishment to pull their strings ) and they are showing some signs of adopting the tactics of the hippie counterculture of past decades and simply dropping out of mainstream society ( see this piece on the " Rippies " for some background ) , but they do have the potential to grow as a result of a number of problematic trends affecting the western world in general and the United States in particular .
Time Magazine recently had an article ( Why the Tea Party Movement Matters ) that looked at the latest manifestation of populism in the United States , with widespread discontent at the state of the US economy and the US political system , particularly the lack of transparency evident in many government initiatives ranging from the bail - out of the financial system to proposed changes to healthcare , along with discontent about costly wars in the middle east that seem to be never - ending .
The data that the graph is generated can be found here .
The oil production scenario is a simple one most peak oil analysts would find optimistic - it is based on peak production being achieved in 2026 .
Global and US population numbers are based on population models that show global population rising to 9.5 billion ( and US population rising to 530 million ) in 2050 .
The US consumption model assumes that US per capita oil consumption will equalise with that elsewhere in the world over the next 40 years as a result of globalisation .
Mythological thinking , the de-industrialisation of the West and the New World Order
Australian climate change minister Penny Wong recently made a speech to a conference on " Coasts and Climate Change " ( see Wong : Climate sceptics are all red herrings and quackery for the full text ) where she made some remarks about climate skeptics and their frequent accusations that climate scientists are " part of a vast conspiracy to de-industrialise the Western world " ( which is often just one facet of conspiracy theories involving the " New World Order " ) .
While the climate scientists are no doubt innocent of these charges ( and correct when they point to global warming being a serious and growing problem ) the idea that the West is being deindustrialised is not as wacky as it appears at first glance .
Michael Lind has an interesting column in Salon ( Mythological politics ) , exploring the beliefs of the populist right , in particular its recent manifestation via the tea party movement ( occasionally referred to as the " tea baggers " by their detractors ) , noting that they are ideological descendants of liberty loving Britons of the 17th century , noting that " In a debate for the hearts and minds of the American people , Ron Paul will defeat Peter Orszag every time . " .
The narrative expounded by the populists may often be based on myth rather than reality , however their charge that the west is being deindustrialised is partially true ( as a result of globalisation ) and the people who join or support groups like the tea partiers are usually the people directly impacted by this , so simply dismissing their complaints as myth based delusions is rather unfair .
As an aside , a lot of conspiracy theorists - from both the right and the left - often quote influential Canadian Maurice Strong ( viewed as a prototypical member of the " New World Order " - ie .
the elites pushing the shift to globalisation - in tinfoil circles ) as saying " Is n’t the only hope for the planet that the industrialized civilizations collapse ?
Is n’t it our responsibility to bring this about ? " , though apparently this was a fictional scenario being described rather than a plan he wanted to implement .
Stuart Staniford has an interesting post ( Chinese Labor Costs , Tea Partiers as True Believers ) exploring one aspect of globalisation that is unfolding - the impact of low cost Chinese manufacturing on workers in the US and how this is likely to create the conditions necessary for mass movements as large numbers of workers find themselves in long term unemployment , with few prospects .
Tuesday evening , I was reading Don Peck 's generally excellent cover piece , How a New Jobless Era Will Transform America in the March Atlantic .
The piece lays out the social damage caused by extended unemployment .
...
The entire thing is very well worth reading .
I have intimate personal acquaintance with this issue - my Dad had an extended period of unemployment that began during the economic backwash from the 1973 oil shock , and I still bear a few psychic scars from that episode .
I was musing on this piece , and could n't help thinking of the statistics in Chinese steel production I examined a few days ago .
In particular , Peck 's piece gives the example of " Errol " , a young unemployed machinist ... US steel production has roughly halved since 2006 , and so jobs for folks like Errol working with that steel are naturally going to be very hard to find .
...
Alright , so the federal government could continue to run a big deficit , fix a bunch of old infrastructure in Pennsylvania ( and elsewhere ) and Errol might find a job in that effort for a while .
But clearly , the US , with its strong political resistance to paying taxes , can only increase it 's national debt up to a certain point , and so after a few years such a government program would have to cease ( if indeed it were politically feasible even to start it ) .
So that gets Errol to , say , his mid thirties as a much more experienced and capable machinist .
Then what is he to do ?
It seems to me that Errol has a much deeper problem : what is it that some US company can employ Errol to make that cannot be made much cheaper in China ?
And do not the data on Chinese steel production ( above ) and Chinese transportation and housing , make it clear that the Chinese have every intention of building industrial production capacity that completely dwarfs that of the US ?
In search of data on comparative labor costs , I discovered the the US Bureau of Labor Statistics sent a couple of experienced labor statisticians to China to sort out the data situation there .
The latest summary of their work is here , and the key graph is this one : While Chinese wages are increasing , they clearly have an incredibly long way to go before they reach anything like Western levels .
The current average for manufacturing wages in China is less than $ 1/ hour .
...
But , and perhaps more importantly , I want to address a reaction I suspect many readers might have - " Oh , we 've been dealing with Asian competition for decades now , yeah it 's not good , yeah unemployment in Michigan is bad , but the sky has n't fallen . "
Indeed , this is true .
However , I suggest that the problem with China is an order of magnitude larger than the earlier problem with Japan and Korea .
Firstly , those countries have population of about 130 million ( Japan ) and 50 million ( Korea ) .
China has a population of 1.3 billion - ten times larger than Japan - and is determinedly trying to bring them all into the twentieth century .
Secondly , as the labor cost graph higher up shows , Japanese manufacturing wages , for example , are about 80 % of those in the US , while Chinese manufacturing wages are about 3 % .
It 's going to take a very long while , or an unthinkably large correction in exchange rates , for Chinese wages to get anywhere close to those in the US .
You can see the effects of this in the data for US manufacturing employment .
It peaked in 1980 and then gradually descended to the 2000 recession .
But since then , as Chinese exports have ramped up , it 's gone into a much more serious decline .
It goes off a cliff in each recession , and it does n't recover at all in between - in fact it continues to decline , only more slowly .
If we continue with our existing policies , it 's very hard to see how this is going to change in the next decade or so ( absent some internal collapse in China ) .
As the Chinese figure out how to make cars , computers , furniture , etc , etc , to western quality standards , the entire industrial production capacity of the United States is going to get hollowed out .
Manufacturing employment in the United States would appear to be headed towards zero , give or take some noise .
Let 's not put too fine a point on this : guys like Errol are fucked .
In fact , the entire working class of the United States is fucked .
Without manufacturing jobs , they are reduced to the small number of jobs installing and fixing the stuff that comes from China , and then low paying unskilled retail and service jobs .
With large numbers of chronically unemployed , the folks who are employed will have no leverage whatsoever on pay and conditions .
...
It appears to me that the Tea Party movement , as disorganized and incoherent as it may currently be , places us on notice that conditions in the United States are now such as to support the beginnings of mass movements of the kind Hoffer is talking about .
Such movements are not known for having good ideas for how to run society ( note the failures and crimes of both Communism and Nazism when put into practice ) .
In particular , they do n't need to have ideas that make sense to the elite of the current society ( such as abolishing the Federal Reserve ) .
They just need to have ideas good enough to appeal to the unbearably disappointed and frustrated , the failed and the failing , and credibly promise to solve their emotional problems and give meaning to their lives .
It appears to me that with a working class that is now fundamentally and massively uncompetitive with China , a country with four times the population and wages a tiny fraction of ours , the United States is ripe for a lot more of this kind of thing .
What ails us is not just the aftermath of a financial crisis , to be solved with a stimulus .
Instead , if present trends continue , we face a national crisis of the first order which will play out over decades .
What should our entire working class do now that will give their lives meaning ?
No quick fix is apparent .
While its arguable that lower wages will mean all manufacturing shifts to China ( Germany and Japan have had some success at retaining manufacturing industries in spite of high local wages by concentrating on high quality products , for example ) , given present trends it does seem that the manufacturing base for the US and other Anglo - Saxon countries , along with much of western Europe , is in long term decline .
The US has had some success in shifting to a services and intellectual property based economy , however financial services have proved to be a not entirely reliable pillar of the economy and intellectual property is hard to protect and extract revenue from offshore ( as Cory Doctorow noted in an interesting speech a few years ago ) .
As Stuart points out , the working class in these countries have little to gain from globalisation - while it may eventually result in a higher standard of living for everyone , it will take decades before labour costs equalise globally and the " rising tide raises all boats " effect could kick in .
In the meantime elites seem to be prospering from the trend , so there will likely be a continuing increase in inequality and the resentment this causes ( comments like Barach Obama 's jibe about the losers from this trend " clinging to their guns and religion " simply add insult to injury for those trapped in post - industrial America 's ghost towns I might add ) .
We 've seen populist movements have some limited political success in the past as a result of this .
For example , the One Nation party which arose in Australia in the 1990's following the liberalisation of the economy by the Hawke and Keating governments - interestingly there has been some speculation ex -One Nation leader Pauline Hanson will become involved with the BNP in the UK ( a right wing group that has shown an interest in using peak oil as a campaigning tool ) now she has decided to leave Australia .
The Time magazine piece I began the post with noted that the Reform Party filled a similar niche in the US during the George HW Bush / Clinton years , with H Ross Perot campaigning against the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) to start the movement and Pat Buchanan and Ralph Nader following afterwards ( ever less successfully and demonstrating that populism can swing back and forth between right and left ) .
Sarah Palin ( who seems more an opportunist than credible political figure ) and Ron Paul ( who often displays a lot of integrity but who maintains some pretty archaic notions on other issues leading to a number of reservations about him even out on the fringes ) are the politicians mentioned in the Time article as being front - runners to attract tea partier support .
The US seems to be most at risk of seeing a revival of a populist mass movement on the right ( there seems less chance of a sudden revival of socialism there as a result of rising levels of joblessness , given the political left remains largely moribund outside of Latin America ) , with the last decade seeing revenge fantasies like the " Left Behind " series being lapped up by those in the working class who are being left behind and the tea partier / bagger movement being the latest sign that populism is on the rise ( with the SPLC recently releasing a report claiming the number of " patriot " groups increased by 250 % last year ) .
Unemployment caused by globalisation and cheap Chinese labour is one reason for a resurgence of populism , but there are a number of others :
1 . The US is slowly losing the geopolitical dominance it has enjoyed since the end of the second world war .
As George Kennan famously put it half a century ago :
We have about 50 % of the world 's wealth but only 6.3 % of its population .
This disparity is particularly great as between ourselves and the peoples of Asia .
In this situation , we cannot fail to be the object of envy and resentment .
Our real task in the coming period is to devise a pattern of relationships which will permit us to maintain this position of disparity without positive detriment to our national security .
To do so , we will have to dispense with all sentimentality and day - dreaming ; and our attention will have to be concentrated everywhere on our immediate national objectives .
We need not deceive ourselves that we can afford today the luxury of altruism and world - benefaction .
For these reasons , we must observe great restraint in our attitude toward the Far Eastern areas .
The peoples of Asia and of the Pacific area are going to go ahead , whatever we do , with the development of their political forms and mutual interrelationships in their own way .
This process can not be a liberal or peaceful one .
The greatest of the Asiatic peoples - the Chinese and the Indians - have not yet even made a beginning at the solution of the basic demographic problem involved in the relationship between their food supply and their birth rate .
Until they find some solution to this problem , further hunger , distress , and violence are inevitable .
All of the Asiatic peoples are faced with the necessity for evolving new forms of life to conform to the impact of modern technology .
This process of adaptation will also be long and violent .
It is not only possible , but probable , that in the course of this process many peoples will fall , for varying periods , under the influence of Moscow , whose ideology has a greater lure for such peoples , and probably greater reality , than anything we could oppose to it .
All this , too , is probably unavoidable ; and we could not hope to combat it without the diversion of a far greater portion of our national effort than our people would ever willingly concede to such a purpose .
In the face of this situation we would be better off to dispense now with a number of the concepts which have underlined our thinking with regard to the Far East .
We should dispense with the aspiration to " be liked " or to be regarded as the repository of a high - minded international altruism .
We should stop putting ourselves in the position of being our brothers ' keeper and refrain from offering moral and ideological advice .
We should cease to talk about vague and -- for the Far East -- unreal objectives such as human rights , the raising of the living standards , and democratization .
The day is not far off when we are going to have to deal in straight power concepts .
The less we are then hampered by idealistic slogans , the better .
2 . This geopolitical dominance had enabled the US to exert a large degree of control over much of the world 's oil supply ( viewing the middle east as ‘ the most strategically important area of the world ’ and ‘ … one of the greatest material prizes in world history ’ ) and to become by far the largest consumer of it .
3. US control of oil is steadily slipping .
While the Iraq war was viewed by many as a grab for the country 's oil reserves , control has remained elusive , with the Iraqi government handing over rights to exploit a lot of large fields to oil companies from other countries ( with the Asia Times putting it like this - " After at least US $ 2 trillion spent by Washington and arguably more than a million dead Iraqis , it has come to this : a pipe dream definitely buried this past weekend in Baghdad with round two of bids to exploit a number of vast and immensely profitable oil fields . " )
4 . As US economic pre-eminence fades , US consumers are going to find that they no longer get to consume the lions share of the oil that is being produced and their per capita consumption will steadily decline towards the global mean ( meaning a huge shift in relative consumption in the graph shown earlier ) .
5 . As oil becomes harder to extract and we reach a peak of production , consumers will be competing for supplies that are static or falling in volume and there is further pressure for average per capita oil consumption to shrink .
6 . As the global population continues to rise towards the 9 billion mark there is again further pressure for average per capita oil consumption to shrink .
The combination of these factors means the average US consumer is going to find maintaining the lifestyle they are used to ( particularly regarding effectively unlimited use of motor vehicle based transportation ) impossible over the next decade or two , unless there is a large and sudden shift to electric transport and clean energy sources , as the chart at the start of the post demonstrates .
The stress that this transition will cause seems likely to amplify the appeal of populist politicians offering " simple " solutions ( involving further military adventures abroad or draconian policies at home ) .
As an additional factor , the US also has a large population of war veterans who are likely traumatised by their experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan and facing a weak economy and poor employment prospects when they return home ( especially those who are less skilled ) , and who are likely to find populist policies appealing .
What can be done about this ( to ensure a prosperous and peaceful future for all ) remains an unanswered question , however many of these issues were considered back in the 1970's .
American geopolitical operator Zbigniew Brzezinski ( who is still active today , with his most memorable outing in recent years being his somewhat infamous " head in the bed " speech to the US Senate in 2007 warning neoconservatives not to attack Iran ) , wrote a number of books analysing future trends and advocating a massive surveillance state in order for elites to maintain control of the situation ( along with reversing the " excess of democracy " people like Samuel Huntington perceived in the 1960's and 70's ) , as outlined in this passage from " Between Two Ages " :
" The technotronic era involves the gradual appearance of a more controlled society .
Such a society would be dominated by an elite , unrestrained by traditional values .
[ T ]he capacity to assert social and political control over the individual will vastly increase .
It will soon be possible to assert almost continuous surveillance over every citizen and to maintain up - to - date , complete files , containing even most personal information about the health or personal behavior of the citizen in addition to more customary data .
These files will be subject to instantaneous retrieval by the authorities . "
Science fiction writer John Brunner wrote a number of books exploring where these trends might take us , advocating much greater transparency in " The Shockwave Rider " ( the opposite of Brzezinski 's suggestion above ) as a way of retaining popular faith in large institutions and warning of what might happen if the interests of elites diverged far enough from those of the general population as the economy delined and environmental crises emerged in " The Sheep Look Up " .
The most famous look forward was from the Club of Rome ( an elite grouping generally mistrusted - unfairly - by the populists ) , who commissioned the often - misunderstood work " The Limits To Growth " which analysed a number of scenarios and recommended a set of steps to avoid environmental ( and political ) collapse including :
* improved monitoring of our impact on the environment and the resource base
* improved response times to signals from the monitoring described above
* extending planning horizons
* increased use of renewable resource ( such as clean energy sources )
* aiming for maximum efficiency in use of resources
* closed loop industrial techniques ( commonly known as " cradle to cradle " manufacturing )
* regenerative agricultural practices
* poverty reduction
* nonviolent conflict resolution
* accurate / unbiased media
* “ decentralisation of economic power , political influence and scientific expertise ”
* “ stable populations ” and “ low birth rates ” by “ individual choice ”
While there has been some movement in these directions at times , by and large " Limits " did n't have the intended effect ( with John Michael Greer pointing to it as an example of " Weishaupt 's Fallacy " in action ) .
Jeremy Rifkin has some interesting ideas in a recent article in New Scientist ( " The third industrial revolution " ) , involving the " democratisation of energy " which represent a positive way forward aligned with some of the suggestions in " Limits " .
What is the premise of The Empathic Civilization ?
My sense is that we 're nearing an endgame for the modern age .
I think we had two singular events in the last 18 months that signal the end .
First , in July 2008 the price of oil hit $ 147 / barrel .
Food riots broke out in 30 countries , the price of basic items shot up and purchasing power plummeted .
That was the earthquake ; the market crash 60 days later was the aftershock .
It signaled the beginning of the endgame of a great industrial era based on fossil fuels .
The second event , in December 2009 , was the breakdown in Copenhagen , when world leaders tried to deal with our entropy problem and failed .
That 's the context of the book .
Why could n't our world leaders anticipate or respond to the global meltdown of the industrial revolution ?
And why can't they deal with climate change when scientists have been telling us that it may be the greatest threat our species has ever faced ?
...
In the book you argue that we can break the paradox by shifting from geopolitical consciousness to biosphere consciousness .
We need to implement reglobalization from the bottom - up in order to achieve a more sustainable global economy .
Geopolitics is an extension of the Enlightenment view of human nature , the idea that we pursue our utilitarian pleasures and individual self - interests .
In geopolitics , the nation - state becomes a macro view of that .
Nations deal with nations by being rational , detached and calculating , pursuing self - interests , excercising power and acquiring more capital and wealth .
That 's why Copenhagen failed .
The world leaders were n't thinking biosphere , they were thinking geopolitics .
Everyone was looking out for their nation 's self - interest .
What we need to do is attempt biosphere politics .
Governing units are going to change -- I think there 's going to be a shift toward continentalization .
The EU is a first attempt at organizing a new frame of reference across continents , but it 's a transitional governing form .
The Asian Union , African Union and South American Union are in their early stages .
...
What will the Third Industrial Revolution look like ?
When will it happen ?
I think we 're on the verge .
I had the privilege to help design the European Union 's Third Industrial Revolution economic stability game plan , which was endorsed by the European Parliament in 2007 .
What we noticed is that in the last 10 or 15 years we 've had a very powerful communication revolution with the internet , and the key word is that it 's distributed .
What 's beginning to happen now is that the distributed ICT [ information and communication technologies ] revolution is beginning to converge with a new energy regime : distributed renewable energy .
When they do converge , it 's likely to change consciousness once again .
Distributed ICT will organize distributed energies .
Renewables like wind , solar , geothermal and biomass are found in some proportion everywhere , in people 's backyards .
As people begin to harvest these renewable energies they can share electricity peer - to - peer across an internet - like smart energy grid that extends across nations and even continents .
We see buildings as the new power plants .
Buildings are the number one source of C02 emmissions , but they might also be the solution if they can harness renewables to produce their own energy on site .
People will also need new energy storage technologies like hydrogen .
The EU has committed 8 billion Euros to hydrogen storage technologies .
Those technologies will give us dependable distributed energy .
I founded the Third Industrial Revolution Global CEO Business Roundtable , which is comprised of 100 leading companies from renewable energy to utilities to architectural firms .
We 're starting to lay out plans .
...
You said that people hear " empathy " and think " socialism " .
How does capitalism survive an empathic society ?
Market capitalism will be transformed into " distributed capitalism " .
Just as the internet led to the democratization of information , the Third Industrial Revolution will lead to the democratization of energy .
The required changes to infrastructure are going to create massive amounts of jobs and a whole new economy .
But when you have peer - to - peer sharing of energy across an intelligent grid system , you no longer have the top - down , centralized economic system .
Distributed energy requires distributed capitalism , and that relies on the opposite view of human nature than that of market capitalism .
But the politics is n't right or left - - its centralized , top - down versus collaborative commons .
You do n't hear people say , I 'm going onto a social networking space because I 'm a socialist -- it 's just a different frame of reference .
Another thinker from the 1970's who looked at these trends was Bucky Fuller , who advocated both globalisation and a large degree of individual freedom .
With legal planning of their lawyer - advised banking leaders , the " haves " have now succeeded in cornering all the world 's monetary gold as well as the preponderance of the world 's petroleum resources - along with their refineries and world - around petro- delivery systems together also with acquisitions of all the atomic power - generating plants , originally paid for by the US taxpayers - and thereafter in severing the monetary system from the wealth system while marking up the negotiable equity value of gold and petroleum tenfold .
They also have contrived their own game of international monetary banking of international balances of trade and credit accounting , greatly aided by the priorly established existence of 150 " sovereign " nations around planet Earth .
That division of world political power into 150 sovereign nations is a consequence of thousands of years of successive and individually independent contriving of history 's most powerful leaders .
The number - one strategy of the successful leaders of history 's successively established supreme socioeconomic control systems has always been to induce the spontaneous self - divisioning of those designed to be conquered and to keep them spontaneously self - dividing and their divisions lethally interarrayed against one another in order to keep them conquered .
The longer the self - divisionings can be self - perpetuating , the more spontaneously are the divisions accepted institutionally by the successive generations as being " natural " divisions ...
The prime vulnerabilities of humanity , which make it subject to spontaneous self - dividing , are those of different speech patterns , skin color , religions , social customs , class or caste systems , political preferences and all varieties of individually unique " troubles " , suffering and discontent .
The historical consequence of this aeons - ago - commenced employment of this grand strategy of ' divide to conquer and keep divided to keep conquered " accounts for the " natural " acceptance today by world peoples of the seemingly " God - given " existance of 150 sovereign nations of the world and their respective geographical division of all the world 's dry land .
...
The plotted curve of the rate of gain for increasing proportions of all humanity being thus swiftly advantaged by the doing more for more people with less and less matter and energy per function - all accomplished with computers , satellites , alloys , etc. - indicates that 100 percent of all humanity will be thus advantaged before 2000 A.D.
In less than twenty years ( less than one generation ) all humanity is scheduled by evolution ( not by any world planning body ) to become physically more successful and , metaphysically more interestingly occupied than have any humans ever been in all known history - provided that humanity does not commit ignorance - , fear - , and - panic - induced total - species suicide .
Why might they panic ?
All the present bureaucracies of political governments , great religious organizations , and all big businesses find that physical success for all humanity would be devastating to the perpetuation of their ongoing activities .
This is because all of them are founded on the premise of ameliorating individual cases while generally exploiting on behalf of their respective political , religious , or business organizations the condition of nowhere - nearly - enough - life - support - for - all and its resultant great human suffering and discontent .
Reason number two for fear - wrought panic is because all of the 150 nations of our planet are about to be desovereignized by evolution ; that is , they are about to become operatively obsolete - about to be given up altogether .
There are millions in the U.S.A. , for instance , who on discovery that their government was about to become bankrupt and defunct would become activist " patriots , " and might get out their guns and start a Nazi movement , seeking dictatorially to reinstate the " good old days . "
If people in many of the 150 nations succeeded in re-establishing their sovereignties and all the customs - barrier , balance - of - trade shacklings , it would soon be discovered that the 150 nations represent 150 " blood clots " imperiling the free interflowing of the evolution - producing metals and products recirculation as well as of the popular technical know - how disseminating .
We have today , in fact , 150 supreme admirals and only one ship - Spaceship Earth .
We have the 150 admirals in their 150 staterooms each trying to run their respective stateroom as if it were a separate ship .
We have the starboard side admirals ' league trying to sink the port side admirals ' league .
If either is successful in careening the ship to drown the " enemy " side , the whole ship will be lost .
Long ago the world 's great religions learned how to become transnational or more effectively supranational .
Next the world 's great ideologies learned how to become supranational .
Most recently the world 's largest financial - enterprise corporations have become completely supranational in their operation .
Big religion , ideologies , and businesses alike found it intolerable to operate only within 150 walled - in pens .
Freeing themselves by graduating into supranational status , they have left all the people in the 150 pens to struggle with all the disadvantages of 150 mutually opposed economic policies .
The European Economic Community is a local attempt to cope with this world problem .
The United States of America is not a nation .
Nations are large tribes of humans that have been geographically isolated for millennia and have progressively inbred the physical types surviving under those unique geographical conditions .
As mentioned , the U.S.S.R. had 146 naturally evolved nations " to integrate , the physiognomies of each U.S.S.R. nation looking quite different from the others ' .
The United States of America is a crossbreeding integration of humans from all the nations of the planet Earth ; though often speaking of itself as the United States of America , it is not America .
Its population is only one - half that of North and South America .
The North Americans , consisting of Canadians , the U.S. citizens , and Mexicans , are evolutionarily cross- breeding into a single hybrid family of world humans .
...
It is the invisibility of the alloys and chemistries and of the electronic circuitry of the design science revolution which finds that revolution to be as yet uncomprehended and ignorantly opposed by humanity 's reliance only on yesterday 's politically visible means of problem - solving .
It is both the invisibility and misinformedness that occasions the lack of spontaneous popular support of the invisible design science revolution by the most powerful political and money - making systems .
Big government can see no way to collect taxes to run its bureaucracy if people are served directly and individually by daily cosmic - energy - wealth income .
Money - makers cannot find a way of putting meters between people and the wind , Sun , waves , etc .
Neither big government nor big business pays any serious attention to the fact that we can live on our energy income , rather than on nature 's energy savings account ( fossil fuels ) , or by burning our Spaceship Earth 's physical hull , which consists entirely of atomic energy in the form of matter .
I 'll close with this quote from Bucky , advocating a revolutionary approach to solving our problems .
We are in for the greatest revolution in history .
If it 's to pull the top down and it 's bloody , all lose .
If it is a design science revolution to elevate the bottom and all others as well to unprecedentedly new heights , all will live to dare spontaneously to speak and live and love the truth , strange though it often may seem .
I should have the ( long delayed ) next installment of my series on Bucky ready in the near future .
Related posts
Critical Path
Is It Time For A Four Day Working Week ?
Cross posted from Peak Energy ( with substantial rework on March 8 ) .
Searchlight , Nevada ( CNN ) -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin kicked off a Tea Party rally Saturday in Sen. Harry Reid 's hometown , encouraging disgruntled Americans to " take back our country " while attacking what she called the " Obama - Pelosi - Reid spending spree . "
" There 's no better place to kick off the Tea Party Express than Harry Reid 's hometown , " Palin said at the rally , dubbed " Showdown in Searchlight , " aimed at conjuring up support for the Senate Majority Leader 's defeat in November elections .
Activists -- some of whom are calling the gathering the largest retirement party in the world -- hope it will carry a strong symbolic message .
Reid , the Senate majority leader , is credited with helping push through Congress the controversial health care bill that President Barack Obama signed Tuesday , as well as the " fixes " measure that passed Thursday .
" Washington has broken faith with the people that they are to be serving , " Palin told the crowd , which numbered in the thousands .
Palin said the message to government leaders was " loud and clear . "
" The big government , the big debt , Obama - Pelosi - Reid spending spree is over .
You 're fired , " she said , prompting cheers from the crowd .
Are you there or at another Tea Party ?
Share your video , images
Palin's speech Saturday echoed many of her recent appearances at Tea Party events as she promoted " common sense conservative values " and decried " elites in Washington " and big government spending .
She addressed recent criticism of a post on her Facebook page that called for conservatives not to retreat in the wake of the health care vote , but " reload . "
Some critics have suggested the post encouraged violent acts against those who voted in favor of the legislation .
" Let 's clear the air right now , " she said .
" We 're not inciting violence .
Do n't get sucked into the lame - stream media lies about Americans standing up for freedom .
it 's a bunch of bunk that the media is trying to feed you .
Do n't let them try to divert " attention from the issue .
Other expected speakers included Gov. Jim Gibbons , a Republican , who told CNN's Ed Henry the event was " a great way to kick off a very intense political season . "
In a statement to CNN , Reid said he was " happy so many people came to see my hometown of Searchlight and spend their out - of - state money especially in these tough economic times .
Ultimately , though , this election will be decided by Nevadans , not people from other states who parachute in for one day to have a tea party . "
Not far from the rally site , the State Democratic party and the Reid campaign have set up a hospitality tent .
" We are serving tea and donut holes in recognition that Sen .
Reid just passed health care reform , and [ that ] we 're closing the Medicare donut hole , " said Zac Petkanas , deputy communications director for the Reid campaign .
It 's staffed , he added , " with real Nevadans from Nevada and folks from Searchlight who support Reid . "
The senator , meanwhile , is spending Saturday with the National Rifle Association 's executive vice president , Wayne LaPierre .
The Reid campaign describes LaPierre as " one of the senator 's supporters . "
The two are attending the grand opening of the $ 60 million Clark County Shooting Park north of Las Vegas that , according to the Reid campaign , would n't have opened without the senator 's help .
Reid is arguably the Tea Party 's top target .
He carries a lot of political baggage in a year that finds much anger directed at incumbents .
" He is one of the three faces of the Democratic agenda in Washington , which right now is unpopular , " said Nevada political newsletter editor Jon Ralston .
Recent polls from the Mason - Dixon organization show 33 percent of those polled have a favorable view of Reid , while 52 percent said they have an unfavorable view of the senator -- some of the worst numbers he has faced in years .
" I do n't think many voters in Nevada dislike me .
I think we have an economic situation in Nevada that is very difficult , " Reid told CNN in a recent interview in Las Vegas .
The state 's economy is in dire straits .
It leads the nation in foreclosures , and its 13 percent unemployment rate is second only behind Michigan's .
Those vying to challenge Reid on the Republican side are pouncing .
" He has lost touch with what is going on here in Nevada , " said businesswoman and former state GOP Chairwoman Sue Lowden , who is leading the pack among the Republican hopefuls .
" It is all about jobs .
His solution is to put the country more in debt -- to tax the country more -- to put our children and grandchildren at risk for years and years of being in debt , " she added .
Earlier this month , Lowden told CNN she 's a proud member of the Tea Party movement .
Another Republican challenger , businessman Danny Tarkanian , said Reid has " alienated himself from the people of Nevada , and the economy is getting worse and worse and worse . "
Also not helping Reid were two recent quips by Obama about not wasting money in Las Vegas .
Reid , who is not facing a serious primary challenge , last year aired ads aimed at promoting what he has done to help improve the economy , as well as introducing himself to hundreds of thousands of new voters who have moved to Nevada since his last election .
" To say Harry Reid is going to run a scorched - earth campaign against whomever this nominee is ... he has a reputation for doing whatever it takes to win -- no more so than this year .
And he is going to have all the money to do it , " Ralston said .
For his part , Reid -- known as a tenacious fighter who has come out ahead in previous close elections -- will push the message against his opponents of how much he has done for the state .
But he said he will not campaign differently than he has in the past .
" People in the state of Nevada know me , " Reid said .
" I 'm not going to be changing who I am for an election .
I 'm just who I was when I started this a long time ago , and I continue to be the same person I used to be , as I am today , and will work very hard to meet the additional requirements that come with a changing economy that we have . "
The Tea Party Express is scheduled to end up in Washington on April 15 -- tax day .
The group 's travel plans are part of its " Just Vote Them Out !
Tour . "
Some local organizers prefer to call the Searchlight gathering a " conservative Woodstock . "
CNN 's Ed Henry , Kevin Bohn and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .
The European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) announced on Friday that it had circulated beams of sub-atomic protons in its Large Hadron Collider at 3.5 trillion volts in both directions around the 27 - kilometer ( 17 - mile ) tunnel which straddles the Swiss - French border .
" This is the highest energy yet achieved in a particle accelerator , and an important step on the way to the start of the LHC research program , " a statement issued by CERN said .
The Large Hadron Collider is designed to probe the origins of the universe by recreating the conditions that followed the Big Bang and to learn more about the sub-atomic structure of matter .
" We have crossed an important milestone that showed that we can reach an energy of 3.5 TeV ( tera electron volts ) , " said CERN spokesman James Gillies .
CERN scientists hope to unlock the secrets of the universe
The next step is expected to be announced in several days when CERN starts colliding beams in a new round of research at 7 TeV , or twice Friday 's level .
Before the LHC experiment , no particle accelerator had exceeded 0.98 TeV .
One TeV is the energy equivalent expended by a flying mosquito .
German fails to prove atom smasher will end world
Meanwhile , a German woman who fears the Earth could be sucked into a black hole by the activity of the Large Hadron Collider has lost her court appeal to halt experiments at the CERN accelerator .
The woman , who has not been named , had gone through the German judicial system to seek an injunction but lost her final appeal last week at the Federal Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe .
Germany 's highest court threw out the case after determining that the woman was unable to give a coherent explanation to substantiate her claims .
Other opponents have also sought to stop the collider , fearing either a black hole , or a theoretical particle , known as a strangelet , which would turn the planet into goo .
gb/dpa/ap/AFP
Editor : Susan Houlton
Legislators around the world are demanding more information on the secret Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement .
French Deputy Nicolas Dupont - Aignan raised ACTA questions in the National Assembly late last year , expressing concerns about a global three - strikes and you 're out approach , increased costs for medicines , and the lack of transparency associated with the process .
U.S. Senator Ron
Wyden goes even further in a letter to the USTR this week that seeks answers to nearly a dozen questions about ACTA .
Wyden asks about :
possible constraints on domestic U.S. law reforms
ensuring ACTA does not interfere with public health flexibilities in TRIPs
the definition of counterfeit
concerns about the inclusion of patents within ACTA
the role of ISPs in ACTA
whether increased monitoring of subscriber usage is envisioned by ACTA
the privacy impact of ACTA
details on border measures provisions
third party liability for IP infringement
possible commitments worldwide to comply with the DMCA
Wyden is not the first U.S. senator to raise questions about ACTA .
Last year , Senators Bernie Sanders and Sherrod Brown also wrote to the USTR as did Senators Pat Leahy and Arlen Specter in 2008 .
Meanwhile , ACTA arose in the UK House of Commons yesterday , as Labour MP Tom Watson asked questions on the government 's plans for ACTA .
The government response included a desire to ensure that ACTA remains within the scope of existing UK legislation and a need to press for greater transparency in the ACTA negotiations .
All of this comes on top of earlier efforts from Swedish Member of the European Parliament Jens Holm , New Zealand MP Clare Curran , who has repeatedly raised concerns about ACTA , and NDP MP Charlie Angus , who posed questions about ACTA in the Canadian House of Commons late last year .
Washington ’s Blog
March 5 , 2010
Nobel Prize - winning wconomist Joseph Stiglitz
Joseph Stiglitz – former head economist at the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and a nobel - prize winner – said yesterday that the very structure of the Federal Reserve system is so fraught with conflicts that it is “ corrupt ” and undermines democracy .
Stiglitz said :
If we [ i.e. the IMF ] had seen a governance structure that corresponds to our Federal Reserve system , we would have been yelling and screaming and saying that country does not deserve any assistance , this is a corrupt governing structure .
Stiglitz pointed out that – if another country had presented a plan to reform its financial system , and included a regulatory regime that copied the makeup of the Federal Reserve system – “ it would have been a big signal that something is wrong . ”
Stiglitz stressed that the Fed banks have clear conflicts of interest , since the banks are largely governed by a board of directors that includes officers of the very banks they ’re supposed to be overseeing :
So , these are the guys who appointed the guy who bailed them out …
Is that a conflict of interest ?
They would say , ‘ no conflict of interest , we were just doing our job .
But you have to look at the conflicts of interest ” …
The reason you talk about governance is because in a democracy you want people to have confidence …
This is a structure that will undermine confidence in a democracy .
Indeed , by all objective measures , the Fed has performed horribly ( and see this ) .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
As 6 congressmen wrote last November , there are at least 4 reasons to demand full transparency of the Federal Reserve , and a change in the Fed ’s structure :
First … how effective a regulator can the Federal Reserve be if it is unwilling to strive for good public policy through its regulatory powers ?
Second , there is an inherent conflict in the manner in which regional reserve branch presidents are selected – in that representatives of the member banks select the regional president .
It seems counterproductive , yet the banking system has provided case after case of regulated entities selecting their own regulator .
Third , the Federal Reserve has continually resisted efforts to engage in discussion on structural and governance reform at the System .
Most recently , Bloomberg reported yesterday that the Federal Reserve has rejected a White House request that [ the Federal Reserve ] conduct a public review of its structure and operations .
Despite a request from the administration that provided ample opportunity for the Federal Reserve to have input into its own reforms , the central bank has simply refused .
It is because of this attitude that I argue that real financial regulatory reform cannot occur without an examination into the structure of this entity .
Fourth , and most importantly , the Federal Reserve has shown a repeated unwillingness to accept efforts to improve transparency for the System .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The story behind the Manchester United protests : Good old days that unite army of fans
The inner city , industrial area of Newton Heath lies to the east of Manchester city
centre , hemmed in by the similarly urban districts of Monsall , Failsworth , Miles Platting and Ancoats .
Many of the Manchester United supporters who travelled from around the country to watch their team at Villa Park last night would , perhaps , not be able to find it if they tried .
Once more , however , Newton Heath is somewhere near the centre of United ’s world .
Angered and dismayed at the financial climate in which the modern club now exists , supporters of the Barclays Premier League champions have chosen to look into their club ’s history for comfort and for an appropriate point of reference from which to mount their challenge to the owners , the Glazer family .
The history boys : United adopted the Newton Heath colours as a third - choice kit and their players and staff dressed up to celebrate the centenary of the club ’s entry to the Football League in 1892 .
Back row ( left to right ) : Lee Sharpe , Dion Dublin , Peter Schmeichel , Les Sealey , Eric Cantona , Gary Pallister .
Middle row : Andrei Kanchelskis , Brian Kidd , Mike Phelan , Darren Ferguson , Steve Bruce , Lee Martin , Alex Ferguson , Mark Hughes .
Front row : Paul Ince , Denis Irwin , Bryan Robson , Brian McClair , Ryan Giggs , Danny Wallace , Paul Parker
Newton Heath , of course , was the name of the club — formed in 1878 — from which the modern United was to grow .
Or the Newton Heath Lancashire and Yorkshire Railways Football Club , to give it its full and proper title .
For six years , during two spells in the late 19th century , the club wore a green and gold strip .
And it is these colours that have become the symbol of a growing resistance to the Glazers ’ ownership .
It is said that 30,000 green and gold scarves have been sold since they were produced at the behest of the Manchester United Supporters
Trust two or three weeks ago .
Sam Black was Newton Heath ’s first star .
The full back with a build like Wayne Rooney was club captain from 1883 - 1887 .
At £ 2.50 a throw they have proved understandably popular .
In the region of 15,000 were in evidence as United beat Portsmouth at Old Trafford at the weekend .
Last night , there were plenty in the away section , too .
Just five minutes into the game they were being swirled above fans ’ heads as the travelling support began their ‘ Love United , Hate Glazers ’ refrain .
Two banners expressing opposition to the Americans and chief executive David Gill were decked in those colours , too .
Already the scarf has become a remarkable symbol .
Dreamed up in a room above a pub in Stretford , it has already proved more effective than anything any of United ’s handsomely - paid marketing directors could have come up with .
One senses it is beginning to make Gill and Co squirm a little — and understandably so .
The modern United , said to be valued at more than £ 1 billion , could not on the face of it be further removed from the club formed by railway workers and small - time industrialists more than 100 years ago .
The only trophy the club ever won , for example , was the Lancashire Cup and for some time they were bettered in league standing by neighbouring clubs such as New Brighton Tower and Glossop .
There are , however , some peculiar similarities that may make some of the club ’s more cynical supporters smile a little .
Tables turned : Newton Heath prop up the First Division in 1894 ( with last night ’s opponents Villa at the top )
Newton Heath were , for example , evicted from their first ground on North Road by their landlords , the Manchester Deans and Canons , in 1893 .
Recently the Glazer family warned in a prospectus ahead of a £ 500 m bonds issue that , if their financial situation worsens , they may sell Old Trafford and effectively become tenants too .
United ’s founder club also suffered its share of financial woes as it struggled to become established .
Money was a constant concern in the 19th century and at one point Newton Heath attempted to raise £ 2,000 in share capital .
It was n’t quite the £ 500 m the Glazers have been trying to raise through their bond issue , but it was a substantial sum all the same .
Duncan Drasdo , of the Manchester United Supporters Trust , said : ‘ The club has been in debt several times in its history and has always been saved , usually by local businessmen or entrepreneurs .
The problem this time is that we really do n’t know who is going to come along to save us . ’
Dedicated : Supporters wear the Newton Heath colours at Old Trafford
As United ’s support has rallied , so the club has attempted to resist .
Anti-Glazer banners have been removed — allegedly with force — from Old Trafford , while one steward with 19 years ’ service claims he was sacked after attempting to return one to supporters in the club car park .
At Milan in the Champions League next week , there are unlikely to be any offending slogans either .
The Italians , according to United , do n’t want any .
But at Wembley in the Carling Cup final at the end of the month , United are expected to face last night ’s opponents against a backdrop of green and gold .
United , of course , have traditionally embraced their own history — but the fact their supporters are now looking to a bygone age to attempt to shame them must
trouble the current board .
United fans , blessed with so much talent in Sir Alex Ferguson ’s squad , are remembering previous players not for their ability but for their authenticity .
Once , back in the early 1990s , United produced a commemorative green and gold away strip , designed to remind people of Newton Heath .
It is highly unlikely they will ever look to do such a thing again .
-- Also , make sure to Sign
Up for our weekly newsletter , letting you know about what 's going on with the blog and website , alongside news about upcoming SIS co-sponsored Rumbles .
-- See your MP3 up here and want me to take it down ?
Just want to write and say " Hi , you 're an awesome blogger ? "
Feel free to reach me at info at strandedinstereo dot com
McChrystal ’s Testimony : ( Probably ) Week of Dec. 7
Created : November 29 , 2009 13:31 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
It ’s been one of the most anticipated moments of the Afghanistan debate in Washington : when the commander of U.S. and NATO forces will testify before Congress about the Obama administration ’s strategy .
Recall that earlier this fall , Republican members tried to bring Gen. Stanley McChrystal to the Hill ahead of President Obama ’s decision in an attempt to create a political problem for the president , even bringing an ultimately futile amendment to a defense bill to compel McChrystal ’s return to Washington up for a vote .
But Obama will announce his adjusted strategy in a Tuesday evening speech at West Point , and since Defense Secretary Robert Gates promised McChrystal would testify before Congress soon after the announcement , it ’s worth asking when the general will explain his counterinsurgency - based approach to implementing the strategy .
According to sources on the Hill , the Pentagon and in Kabul , the tentative answer is the week after this one .
While there will be a round of Afghanistan testimony in the armed services committees on Wednesday with Gates , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , and Adm .
Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs , McChrystal is right now not expected to be part of those hearings .
While all caution that more specifics will be announced imminently , and it remains possible that McChrystal might be summoned to Washington earlier , McChrystal is currently scheduled to spend the latter part of this week in discussions with Afghanistan government officials about the strategy , ahead of a crucial meeting of NATO foreign ministers in Brussels on Thursday and Friday .
McChrystal is scheduled to attend that meeting , in which NATO allies will be pressed to contribute thousands of new troops to implement the general ’s plans .
On his Facebook page , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , the NATO secretary - general who backs a fulsome counterinsurgency campaign , reiterated his call for European member - states to “ follow suit when the US sends more troops to Afghanistan ” at the ministerial .
Everyone involved cautions that plans are not yet final , and I ’ll update when the official schedules are finalized .
But it ’s hard not to be reminded of Gen. David Petraeus ’ marathon 2007 testimony about the progress of the Iraq surge .
There are important differences here : McChrystal will be mostly explaining the implementation of a revised and adjusted strategy rather than the progress of an existing one , for instance .
But as the left grows increasingly restless with Afghanistan strategy and the right seeks to use McChrystal as a cudgel against Obama , the political overtones will probably be similarly intense .
Tweet
In recent months , a lot has been written about how Social Media channels are different from “ traditional ” media channels like Print , Radio , TV and about the importance of Social Media in marketing .
I think the biggest argument in favor of Social Media is that it provides great tools for “ engaging ” the customer .
Unlike traditional media channels where the information flow is one way , one to many – where consumer or target audience group is “ passive ” , Social media communication is not only two - way , one - to - one , but consumer is active participant and “ owns ” the conversation .
Moreover , conversations over Social Media channels are public – visible to all .
And customers and potential customers are discussing about products and brands on Social Media channels whether the marketer is participating in the discussion or not .
This is why it is utmost important for marketer to have a Social CRM strategy and invest in Social Media tools for effectively engaging customers and prospects .
Gone are the days of one way “ passive ” advertising , thanks to Social Media ( for definition of Social CRM , see my earlier post titled What is Social CRM ? )
Level of customer engagement will determine mind - share and market - share for a brand .
Those marketers who effectively engage their customers and prospects will emerge as winners and those who are not good in customer engagement will lose market share .
If any one wants proof of importance of Social Media engagement to performance , here it is !
Engagementdb has published a study that shows strong evidence that Social Media Engagement correlates to Financial Performance ( see report on The world ’s most valuable brands .
Who ’s most engaged ? )
According to this study “ ” Engagement via social media IS important — and we CAN quantify it .
There is statistically significant correlation between social media engagement and the two most meaningful financial performance metrics – revenue and profit ” .
This study further states that :
It pays to engage meaningfully in social media .
Emphasize quality , not just quantity .
Engagement is more than just setting up a blog or Facebook profile and letting viewers post comments , it ’s keeping your content fresh and replying to comments ; it ’s building your friends network and updating your profile status .
To scale engagement , make social media part of everyone ’s job .
You must do something , else risk falling far behind other brands , not only in your industry , but across your customers ’ general online experience .
Engagement ca n’t be skin - deep , nor is it a campaign that can be turned on and off .
True engagement means full engagement in the channels where you choose to invest .
This clearly illustrates the importance of engaging customers via Social Media for building trust and loyalty towards the brand – the essence of Social CRM ( for more see What is Social CRM and why it is important and Dear CMOs , Wake up to Social Media challenge ) .
What do you think ?
Are you convinced that customer engagement will determine winning brands in Social Era ?
Please share your comments :
After the news broke that Sony Screen Gems was kicking off a brand new Underworld trilogy with Underworld 4 ( also said to be shot in 3 - D ) , we started doing some digging and have stumbled on to a pretty big discovery .
Two sources have told Bloody Disgusting that Kate Beckinsale is in fact attached to return as the beautiful vampire warrior Selene , who made her first appearance in Len Wiseman ’s film from 2003 .
What does this mean ?
It means Kate - Beckinsale - in - pleather - in - mother - effin ’ - 3D , that ’s what !
Now , I should be clear that this should be taken strictly as rumor as we have not been able to get any official confirmation from people involved in the actual film , or studio for that matter .
We ’ll keep you posted when something official is announced .
Underworld 4 arrives in theaters January 21 , 2011 .
Inclusive
QuahogCon is a regional conference for the hacker culture in all forms .
Hardware , Software , Security , Social , Eco Hacking , Zero Impact Living .
Like most hacker cons , it will run Friday to Sunday .
We ’ll have two tracks : one for InfoSec topics and the other track will be a mix of all the other topics with a bit of an emphasis on hardware hacking and DIY electronics .
Besides our perennial InfoSec favorites , we want to hear from some new voices on a wider range of topics .
If it ’s a good hack , we want to hear what you ’re doing .
Hardware Hacking Lounge
Along with the two talk tracks , we ’ll have a hardware hacking lounge where you can work on the hackable badge or anything else you ’re inspired to do .
While we all have the utmost respect for Joe Grand , his badges are n’t as hackable as we ’d like .
We ’ll be going with an open source , open hardware platform for the QuahogCon badge .
Small and Local
Seeing as we ’ve never done this before , we ’re going to start out small .
We ’re shooting for about 150 attendees for this first go around .
Honestly , we ’ll be thrilled if that many people show up .
However , we think we ’ve got a good chance of pulling this off .
It ’s hella easy to get to PVD .
All you folks in Boston , NYC , Philly , DC : take the train here and check out all Providence has to offer .
A Mission
If we manage not to completely lose our shirts on this , we ’ll be donating a significant portion of the proceeds to AS220 Labs in support of their FabLab initiative .
They ’re building the hackerspace we wanted , so we totally need to support that .
Who ?
QuahogCon is brought to you by DC401 in association with AS220 .
Since our mission is to raise funds for the FabLab , it made sense to partner up with AS220 .
In doing so , all Sponsor contributions will be tax - deductable .
DAR ES SALAAM ( Reuters ) - A former Rwandan military officer accused of ordering the killing of up to 50 people was jailed for 25 years on Thursday by a U.N. court trying masterminds of the country ’s 1994 genocide .
The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ( ICTR ) in Arusha , Tanzania , found lieutenant colonel Ephrem Setako , 60 , guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity and murder .
“ The Chamber found that Setako ordered the killings on 25 April 1994 of 30 to 40 Tutsis at Mukamira military camp in Ruhengeri prefecture and around 10 other Tutsis there on 11 May 1994 , ” the tribunal said in a statement on its website .
Setako , who was the head of legal affairs in Rwanda ’s defense ministry at the time , was acquitted of other charges of complicity to commit genocide , murder as a crime against humanity and pillage as a war crime .
He was arrested in the Netherlands on February 25 , 2004 , and transferred to a United Nations detention facility in Arusha the same year to face genocide charges .
In their indictment , prosecutors said Setako armed and trained militiamen and ordered them to kill Tutsis in several areas .
Ethnic Hutu militia and soldiers butchered 800,000 minority Tutsis and moderate Hutus in just 100 days in 1994 .
The Pakistani Taliban confirmed Tuesday that its leader , Hakimullah Mahsud , has died from injuries suffered in a U.S. drone missile strike last month , forcing the insurgency to find a new leader for the second time in six months .
The death of Mahsud , engineer of a devastating series of suicide attacks and raids on markets , mosques and security installations across Pakistan late last year , gives the United States another major victory in its campaign of missile strikes against top Taliban and Al Qaeda leaders .
A drone strike in August killed Mahsud ’s predecessor , Baitullah Mahsud .
Missiles fired by drones over Pakistan ’s tribal areas along the Afghan border have also killed 15 senior Al Qaeda commanders since 2004 .
However , experts do not expect the loss of Hakimullah Mahsud , 28 , to deal a fatal blow to the Taliban as it battles the government in the country ’s northwest .
Advertisement
After Baitullah Mahsud ’s death last summer , the Taliban was able to regroup and launch some of the deadliest attacks against Pakistanis in years , including the Oct. 10 commando - style raid against the army headquarters in Rawalpindi , a sprawling and heavily guarded complex .
The attack left 14 military officers and civilian workers dead .
“ Obviously , it ’s a great setback for them in terms of morale and organizational problems .
There ’s no doubt about it , ” said Talat Masood , a security analyst and retired Pakistani general .
“ It will take time for them to recover , but they will definitely recover because they have support in those tribal areas . ”
Pakistani authorities initially believed that Mahsud had been injured in a Jan. 17 U.S. drone strike that targeted two cars in North Waziristan , a largely Taliban - controlled district in the tribal areas .
However , Taliban sources said their leader was wounded in a drone strike Jan. 14 in Shaktoi , a village in South Waziristan near the North Waziristan border .
A Taliban militant in the Orakzai district of Pakistan ’s tribal areas said Mahsud suffered serious injuries to his legs and abdomen in the attack .
Advertisement
The sources said militants were trying to move Mahsud to Pakistan ’s largest city , Karachi , for treatment but he died near the southern Punjab province city of Multan , 460 miles northeast of his destination .
Taliban sources said he died Sunday , though that could not be confirmed .
Pakistani security and intelligence sources confirmed Mahsud ’s death , but denied that he died in Multan and instead said he died somewhere in the tribal region .
The military had announced late last month that it was looking into reports that the Taliban chief had been killed .
The missile strike that killed Mahsud came amid a sharp rise in U.S. drone activity in the tribal areas after the Dec. 30 suicide bombing of a secret base in the eastern Afghan province of Khowst in which seven CIA employees and contractors were killed .
Since that attack , at least a dozen drone strikes have hit northwest Pakistan , killing at least 100 people .
Advertisement
In a video released after the base attack , Mahsud was seen seated next to the Jordanian who carried out the bombing .
The bomber , Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal Balawi , said the attack he was planning would avenge the killing of Baitullah Mahsud .
The Taliban has not named Hakimullah Mahsud ’s successor .
However , the likeliest candidate appears to be Noor Jamal , the Taliban ’s commander in Orakzai and the neighboring Kurram tribal region and reportedly a close ally of Mahsud .
Believed to be in his 30s , Jamal is thought to be responsible for numerous kidnappings and slayings of pro-government tribal elders and informants .
Also known as Mullah Tufan , Jamal ran a madrasa , or religious school , in the Togh Surai area of Orakzai before joining the Taliban .
Masood , the retired general , said he doubted that Hakimullah Mahsud ’s deputy , Wali-ur Rehman , would be selected as the new Taliban chief because he is based in South Waziristan , where a large - scale offensive by Pakistani troops has devastated the Taliban ’s infrastructure of camps , bunkers and compounds .
Advertisement
Orakzai and Kurram , meanwhile , have become more important to the Taliban because they are key tribal districts to which militant leaders and fighters have been escaping after fleeing South Waziristan .
Villagers in those districts say militants have begun patrolling areas they control and setting up checkpoints .
If Jamal becomes the Taliban ’s leader , Masood said , he probably will try to assert himself the way Mahsud did , by unleashing a wave of suicide bombings aimed at portraying the insurgency as a viable , deadly force undaunted by the military ’s advances in the tribal areas .
The difference between the Taliban that Mahsud inherited and the one Jamal would oversee is that the insurgents ’ capability to train and equip attackers has been significantly damaged by the Pakistani military ’s offensive in South Waziristan .
“ The question is to what extent do they have people ready to do this , ” Masood said .
“ The more you clear militant sanctuaries and camps , the less ability they have to launch these attacks .
They ’d like to replicate what they did after Baitullah Mahsud died , but their capability is much less now . ”
Advertisement
alex.rodriguez
@latimes.com
Special correspondent Zulfiqar Ali in Peshawar , Pakistan , contributed to this report .
Authorship gets lost on Web The Internet is becoming a cesspool of plagiarism .
Steve McKee , a partner at Albuquerque advertising agency McKee Wallwork Cleveland , found that out in June after he wrote his monthly column for BusinessWeek.com .
The column , entitled " Five Words Never to Use in an Ad , " was one of his more popular pieces .
A search revealed that 36 blogs had picked it up and posted it to their sites , something that is usually considered to be fair use in the blogosphere .
However , to McKee 's annoyance , 13 of those took credit for writing it as their original prose .
" They 're like cockroaches , " McKee says .
" Ideas are our assets , and it 's frustrating when people take them from you without shame . "
Other examples abound .
WiserAdvisor.com , a sort of Yellow Pages for financial advisers , posts articles of advice to attract traffic .
One recent article was about Social Security issues that arise when married couples are not close in age .
The byline on the article is Michael Bischoff , a certified public accountant with Webb Financial Group in Bloomington , Minn .
However , the identical article appeared Aug. 15 on the website MarketWatch by reporter Andrea Coombes .
Bischoff said Coombes interviewed and quoted him , and he had e-mailed the MarketWatch story to WiserAdvisor .
He said he did not know why he was given a byline .
Tom Murcko , CEO of WiserAdvisor publisher WebFinance , said the site requires financial advisers to submit original material only .
" We are certain this was an honest mistake on ( Bischoff's ) part , " Murcko said .
Last week , WiserAdvisor removed all seven articles that Bischoff has submitted and invited him to resubmit any that he wrote .
Murcko says his company takes intellectual property seriously and is itself frequently the victim of Internet plagiarism .
So is NewsFactor Network , but no one has the resources to do anything about it , says David Geller , president of the Internet magazine .
It started here ... A July 3 column written for BusinessWeek by former General Electric CEO Jack Welch and his wife , Suzy , was posted on the Indian Institute of Planning and Management ( IIPM ) site from New Delhi .
There was no attribution to either BusinessWeek or the Welches , only a photo that appeared with the column of professor Arindam Chaudhuri , a business guru and best - selling author in India who works for IIPM .
When USA TODAY tried to contact Chaudhuri by e-mail on July 21 , the e-mail was forwarded to Naveen Chamoli , dean of IIPM's Centre for Planning and Entrepreneurship .
Chamoli e-mailed back saying that Chaudhuri was traveling , inaccessible and had nothing to do with the Welch column being posted beneath his photo .
Chamoli said in his e-mail that IIPM has rights to the Welch column through the New York Times News Service / Syndicate .
Chamoli said in a subsequent e-mail that a Welch byline was added after the USA TODAY inquiry because , " others could be confused . "
Jack and Suzy Welch , on vacation , had no comment .
In some quarters , plagiarism remains a serious offense .
But where it involves the Internet , an acceptance of plagiarism is taking hold , and when confronted , offenders often shrug it off as hardly newsworthy .
Pew Research two weeks ago said it found that of the 12 million adults who blog , 44 % say they have taken songs , text or images and " remixed " them into their own artistic creation .
A new twist is software used by spammers to automatically and intentionally grab original content to post on blogs and Internet sites .
Authors are byproduct victims of an attempt to draw traffic to the content so that readers will click on deceiving links that take them to advertising .
Legalities next ?
It 's going to take a high - profile legal case to slow it down , says Howard Kaushansky , president of Umbria , which companies hire to monitor the Internet and report back what is being said about them and competitors .
McKee's BusinessWeek.com column shows how Internet plagiarism takes a winding road .
It was first picked up by CRM Daily , a Web - based publisher owned by NewsFactor Network , which has a contract with a syndicate to post BusinessWeek.com content .
The attribution CRM Daily gave BusinessWeek.com was at the bottom and in smaller print , and McKee was not mentioned as the author .
Other blogs then picked up the content from CRM Daily .
Some mistakenly attributed the original work to CRM Daily , some attributed it to no one .
At least four blogs attributed McKee 's words to Jim Berkowitz , who writes a blog called CRMMastery.com .
Berkowitz says he picked up McKee 's column from CRM Daily , and mistakenly gave CRM Daily credit .
Then , when other bloggers lifted it from CRMMastery , they mistakenly attributed Berkowitz as the author because his blog is where they found it .
" People are incredibly sloppy , " says Berkowitz , who says he publishes a lot of content that he takes from elsewhere but identifies what is not his original work by indenting it and highlighting it in yellow .
" It 's like the Wild West out there , " Berkowitz says .
